 Dear Stakeholders,
There is one word to describe 2016: Record. It was a record year by many strategic and
financial measures. At Land O’Lakes, Inc., our success is driven by value- added branded products and driving innovation within our unique farm-to- fork view. This success is built on the foundation of talent and our operating company model, and is only realized as we fulfill our purpose of feeding human progress.
Our success today also comes from the history that brought us here. Your history. As you know, our Minnesota farmer founders, your forbearers, were looking for ways to join together to effectively market and distribute their production. When you turn the clock forward to today, nearly 100 years later, our three primary business units are the same ones those founders launched: Land O’Lakes Dairy Foods, Purina Animal Nutrition and WinField United Crop Inputs and Insights.
Taken together in 2016, Land O’Lakes delivered $320 million in net earnings driven by those three businesses.
Dairy Foods saw growth in share and made sales of $3.8 billion and pretax earnings of $70 million.
This strong performance was built
on record foodservice and strong specialty ingredients volume and profit. In addition, the business saw record branded butter shipments. All of these factors enabled us to deliver a patronage of 33 cents per hundred- weight to our dairy member-owners.
In Purina Animal Nutrition, we rein- vented the business, which saw sales of $3.8 billion and pretax earnings of $73 million. We used our value-added, branded strategy and saw richer margins and mix of product, while realizing supply chain and business optimization at the same time. Our milk replacer business did particularly well and delivered record earnings. This success enabled us to spend discretionary funds on much more engaging marketing that is already yielding great results.
At WinField United, against the backdrop of falling commodity prices, the business realized the growth and scale promised by the 2015 merger of WinField and United Suppliers’ seed and crop protection product busi- nesses. The business delivered sales of $5.5 billion and near record pretax earnings of $203 million. We realized procurement synergies and expanded our seed offering and ag tech tools.
Sincerely,
Chris Policinski President
Chief Executive Officer
This business will drive its insights into innovation that will chart the future of agriculture.
On the International business front, the word was investment. We expanded our commercial foot- print into Africa and have begun the process to do the same in China with investments in both crop inputs and animal feed.
We also continued to bolster our global citizenry as we launched nonprofit structures under our Land O'Lakes International Development organization and gained Gates Foundation funding. We’ve now completed more than 300 projects in 70 different countries.
And, this past summer, we formed our newest business Land O’Lakes SUSTAIN, which will focus on turning our “decision agriculture” skill set into a “precision conservation” approach to help farmers grow more crops, more sustainably.
In today’s world, the farmer must have a voice—an ability to commu- nicate clearly with consumers, customers, governments and each other. As we strive to be that voice on behalf of our members, we rely on our heritage to guide us and our success to open doors.
Thank you for your business and your support as we walk into the future together.
Pete Kappelman Chairman of the Board
2 2016 ANNUAL REPORT
