Dear Stakeholders:

Christopher J. Policinski President and Chief Executive Officer

Pete Kappelman Chairman of the Board

A Future of Growth in a World of Opportunity. The theme of the 2011 Annual Report reflects the significant growth opportunity for Land O'Lakes and its members. In 2011, Land O'Lakes delivered its highest-ever net sales and solid net earnings, while returning $108 million in cash to members -- the third consecutive year in which cash returned to members exceeded $100 million. This continues a trend of strong performance. Over the past five years (2007-2011), we achieved our top five net sales and earnings totals, and returned nearly half a billion dollars in cash to members. These results reflect the growing strength of our business, which positions our company and our membership to fully participate in the attractive growth potential of our industry. With the world population expected to increase by two billion people, reaching more than nine billion by 2050, food production will need to increase by at least 70 percent to meet expanding demand. At Land O'Lakes, we have been building our capability to take advantage of this growth opportunity. As a producer-owned cooperative with a farm-to-market scope, we will use our diverse capabilities to serve our members and achieve a future of growth in a world of opportunity.

FINANCIAL REVIEW
Land O'Lakes achieved record sales of $12.8 billion in 2011. This reflects a 15 percent increase over 2010 and new highs for Dairy Foods, Crop Inputs and Feed. Net earnings for the year were $182 million, up from $178 million in 2010, and the second-highest in Land O'Lakes' history. Our 2011 results reflect improved commodity markets, as well as several Land O'Lakes strengths -- superior customer relationships, innovation leadership, operating efficiency, and our strong, trusted brands. We were particularly gratified, in fact, when Land O'Lakes was named one of America's Greatest Brands by the American Brands Council, a distinguished group of advertising, marketing and communications leaders. Our strong balance sheet also was recognized, when Standard and Poor's and Moody's Investors Service upgraded Land O'Lakes' financial rating to Investment Grade.

BUSINESS REVIEW
All Land O'Lakes businesses performed well in 2011, and this summary provides results both with unrealized hedging gains and losses (consistent with accounting conventions) and without these gains and losses (a more performance-based indicator, which is used to determine member patronage). DAIRY FOODS Dairy Foods achieved record net sales of $4.3 billion in 2011, up 17 percent from the previous year. Pretax earnings of $28 million were down from $50 million in 2010 -- reflecting the impact of costs related to new product launches and reduced margins due to higher distribution costs. Pretax earnings without unrealized hedging were $35 million, versus $46 million in 2010.

2011 Annual Report 1

Land O'Lakes also made investments in future growth. We expanded our line of innovative tub butters and repositioned the ingredients business, both of which should deliver improved volumes and returns -- and, in the case of ingredients, expanded our base of global commercial customers. In Retail Foods, while overall volume was down 6 percent, Land O'Lakes maintained volumes and industry-leading positions in branded butter and deli cheese in a very price-conscious consumer market. Sales and margins were boosted by the strong performance of innovative, new products. LAND O LAKES® spreadable tub butters, butter half-sticks and "Deli Wellness" cheese performed particularly well. In the Business-to-Business segment, Land O'Lakes grew its Foodservice operations and focused on branded, value-added markets in Global Ingredients. Foodservice volume was up in all three key markets (Core Foodservice, School and Government), and up 8 percent overall. In the Global Ingredients business, volume was up 1 percent year-over-year, with accelerated growth anticipated in 2012. One of the most impressive success stories was in milk powders. Early in the year, we exited DairyAmerica, Inc. (a dairy commodities marketing organization), enabling Land O'Lakes to establish a branded, value-added milk powder business. We shifted away from selling milk powder as an unbranded commodity product, and began selling it as a LAND O LAKES branded product to major commercial customers. As a result, we doubled our market presence in fast-growing international markets, including Mexico, Southeast Asia and China. Going forward, Dairy Foods will continue to focus on branded, value-added products and market segments; cost-control and risk-management; market- and consumer-focused innovation; and building enduring relationships with consumers and important commercial customers. CROP INPUTS Winfield Solutions, our Crop Inputs business (Seed / Crop Protection Products), again delivered impressive sales and earnings -- leveraging its position as the nation's leading crop inputs wholesaler, and delivering leading-edge products, services and insights for growers. Net sales were $4.0 billion in 2011, up from $3.7 billion the previous year, while pretax earnings were $140 million versus $145 million in 2010. Pretax earnings without unrealized hedging and vendor rebate adjustments were $148 million, up from 2010's $147 million. In Crop Protection Products, volumes were up 22 percent, with strong performance from new offerings, including AscendTM (plant growth regulator) and Interlock® (drift reduction adjuvant). In Seed,

we generally outperformed the industry, with strong performance from the CROPLAN GENETICS brand and volume increases in key segments, such as alfalfa (up 25 percent) and corn (up 8 percent). Another highlight was the unique Answer Plot® program, which provides localized crop production insights. It grew to about 180 locations in North America, with several additional international sites. Winfield Solutions also launched its new R7® Tool for crop production, which combines data from Answer Plot® sites, weather information and satellite imagery to help growers optimize productivity, profitability and sustainability. FEED Land O'Lakes Purina Feed had a strong year, continuing as the market leader in Livestock Feed, Lifestyle Feed and Animal Milk Replacers. The business achieved higher overall sales, solid earnings and improved volumes, while enhancing market positions in many key segments. Net sales were $3.9 billion for the year, up from $3.3 billion in 2010. Pretax earnings totaled $19 million in 2011, down from $22 million the previous year. Pretax earnings without unrealized hedging rose to $24 million, versus $18 million in 2010. In Livestock Feed, improved beef, pork and dairy markets benefitted a segment that has been under stress in recent years. Our Feed business capitalized on this opportunity, thanks to its strong brands and innovative products, a highly effective retail distribution system, and improvements in our product mix, supply chain and manufacturing operations. Livestock Feed volume increased 13 percent, with double-digit increases in nearly all species and strong performance from premium and proprietary products. Animal Milk Replacers delivered a 7 percent increase in overall volumes. In Lifestyle Feed, an uncertain economy had an industry-wide impact on volumes and product mix, particularly in the key equine segment, where the number of animals being fed was down significantly. Lifestyle Feed volume declined 5 percent, although premium, branded products performed well. Responding to the difficult market conditions, we launched a new loyalty program in Lifestyle Feed. This initiative attracted more than 50,000 members (representing more than two million Lifestyle animals). In 2012, we will take another major step -- launching a new line of Purina-branded small animal feed (for hamsters, guinea pigs, etc.), which has significant growth potential in the consumer market.

2 LAND O'LAKES, INC.

EGGS The Eggs business, conducted through Moark, LLC, continued its growth trajectory, despite increased input costs (particularly feed) and volatile markets. Net sales were up 17 percent to $599 million in 2011. The Eggs business reported a $3 million pretax loss for the year, versus a loss of $27 million in 2010 (which included the impact of a one-time litigation charge). Without unrealized hedging, Eggs experienced a $4 million pretax loss in 2011, versus a $27 million pretax loss in 2010. Progress was made on volume, product mix and operating efficiency during the year, positioning Moark for additional growth during the next market upswing. Building on its position as the nation's No. 2 marketer of shell eggs and No. 1 marketer of branded and specialty eggs, overall shell egg volume was up 6 percent and volume in branded and specialty eggs was up 17 percent. An important 2011 highlight was the completion of a long-term lease arrangement for the assets of three Maine egg producers, which complements our existing operations and provides greater access to a growing market for eggs. ACCELERATING GROWTH Since 2006, Land O'Lakes has nearly doubled revenues and more than doubled earnings. Looking to the future, we plan to significantly accelerate growth -- both domestically and globally. As we pursue growth, we will: »»  Continue to benefit from our Operating Company structure. In recent years, Land O'Lakes has been moving to an operating company model, which involves centralizing and standardizing shared services within the company -- freeing our businesses to focus intensely on performance and growth. This approach is paying off with strong results today, and the ability to grow more profitably than ever before -- which enables us to support our members more effectively.

»»  Aggressively promote Total Margin Management. Our enterprise-wide Total Margin Management (TMM) Strategic Imperative creates "fuel for growth" through a combination of variable margin expansion, business simplification and risk management. Over the past two years, the benefit from TMM initiatives has exceeded $100 million. Going forward, we expect to reach new levels -- providing capital to support more rapid growth. »» C  apitalize on value-added, branded products, and build relationships with global commercial customers. As Land O'Lakes pursues growth, we will concentrate on areas of greatest potential -- value-added, branded products and major customers and markets, including those in the international marketplace. We'll take an integrated approach to growth, capitalizing on our strong brands and unique farm-to-market scope -- offering comprehensive solutions for major ag and food industry customers. As you can see, growth is the driving strategy at Land O'Lakes. We're growing not just to get bigger, but to capitalize on the significant opportunities before us -- creating greater value for our members, customers and communities.

Sincerely,

Pete Kappelman Chairman of the Board

Christopher J. Policinski President and Chief Executive Officer

2011 Annual Report 3

