LETTER FROM THE CEO, NIKHIL VARTY
Dear Shareholders, Customers, Employees, Franchisees & Contractors
Since joining ServiceMaster in July 2017, I have had the great pleasure of working with many of our 13,000 employees, over 15,000 contractor partners and our 4,500 franchise owners.
I am impressed and humbled by their tremendous efforts to take care of our customers, reaching into more than 75,000 homes and businesses every day.
We delivered value in 2017 across all of our businesses, while initiating investments in our core service capabilities to position us to deliver outstanding customer experience and sustainable growth and profitability. We reported strong results for 2017, with a six percent year-over-year revenue increase and an increase of adjusted net income of two percent. Our financial results, together with share buybacks
and the announced spin-off of American Home Shield (AHS), delivered significant shareholder value and helped drive our stock price up 35 percent in 2017. We have continued to improve our customer service, strengthen our leadership team and increase accountability across the business. Through the efforts of our people, and by executing on our strategic initiatives, we will continue to build value for all
of our stakeholders—customers, employees, franchisees, contractors, the communities in which we do business and our shareholders.
We are focused every hour of every day on our shared commitment at ServiceMaster: We Serve, We Care, We Deliver.
 In 2017, we made progress on several important strategic initiatives in support of this shared vision:
   We Serve
In 2017, we reaffirmed our vision to ensure our invaluable brands are
the unparalleled best at providing outstanding service experiences to
our customers. We are committed to providing an exceptional service as the hallmark of who we are as a company. Putting our customers at the heart
of everything we do will allow us to continue to strengthen and expand our customer relationships, driving sustainable growth throughout our business.
We Care
We are committed to demonstrating our care for our employees, contractor partners and franchise owners who represent us in over 75,000 homes
and businesses every day. This
care is an essential ingredient of our ServiceMaster transformation plan. Our employees, partners and franchisees perform our most important work, and we are confident that demonstrating our care for them will improve their ability to provide outstanding service opportunities to our customers, ultimately benefiting all of our stakeholders.
We Deliver
Every day, ServiceMaster delivers peace of mind for our customers. Whether we’re keeping homes and commercial properties clean, protecting them from pests, restoring them after a disaster
or fixing heating and cooling systems, we are protecting our customers’ biggest investments: their homes and facilities. ServiceMaster is dedicated
to delivering for our customers. We are also enhancing our ability to deliver for our employees and other stakeholders by improving our operational cadence and measurement systems, which drive our commitments to our shareholders and to each other.
       3

Our vision for success as we move forward into 2018 and build a strong company that delivers sustainable, profitable growth is clear: We Serve, We Care, We Deliver.
 Delivering On The Terminix Transformation Plan
At Terminix, we are enhancing our ability to deliver our service commitments by driving a series of systematic, transformational initiatives to significantly upgrade the customer experience, improve customer retention rates and deliver consistently strong revenue and earnings growth. We are beginning to see the early benefits of this transformation through increasing customer satisfaction scores.
We have a disciplined approach focused on:
• Strengthening our leadership team with people who
are committed to our vision. The team is delivering results and driving profitable growth to better care for the talented employees, contractors and franchisees throughout
our organization.
“We Deliver: We reported strong results for 2017, with a six percent year-over-year revenue increase and an increase of adjusted net income of two percent.
• Creating a focused organizational structure that enhances personal accountability and supports a high- performance culture.
• Empowering our technicians to deliver an outstanding customer experience by providing them with the tools they need to improve customer engagement and receive timely customer feedback. We’re beginning to see results from our past technological investments in improving pre- and post- customer engagement.
• Implementing a Lean Six Sigma approach to enhance efficiency in serving customers, strengthen investment discipline, and drive profitable growth.
Driving Growth at American Home Shield
At AHS, we’re focused on:
• Driving additional growth opportunities. We have delivered significant organic growth at American Home Shield over the past three years as a result of our strong customer value proposition. We are now beginning
to leverage our position to drive additional growth by broadening our capabilities, serving adjacent segments and providing additional services that our customers ask for and expect from us. Underlying this drive for growth is our strong focus on delivering outstanding customer experiences.
• A successful spin. This growth expansion will be bolstered by our decision to spin off AHS from ServiceMaster. We took a significant step forward to further unlock shareholder value by announcing the spin-off of our AHS business in July. The planned spin-off is expected to better position both AHS and ServiceMaster for the future, allowing them to pursue distinct strategies and growth opportunities. We are on track to execute the spin-off in the third quarter of 2018. We are also in the process of ensuring AHS has a strong leadership team that can capitalize on the true potential of this business and deliver outstanding customer experiences and sustainable, long-term value for our shareholders.
Expanding Our Franchise Services Group
We continue to deliver growth in our Franchise Services Group business by growing our national account presence and tirelessly serving customers who suffered from the devastating effects of several major hurricanes and wildfires that occurred this year. As one of the largest franchisors of residential and commercial services in the world, we’ve grown our customer-level revenue to $2.6 billion annually. We see significant growth potential in our Franchise Services Group, as we currently account for only a small fraction of this very large and fragmented home and commercial services segment.
“We Serve: We are creating a company that will reinvent the way customers experience residential and commercial services.
Focusing On Our Commercial Pest Control Business
We see strong potential for growth in the commercial
pest control business and have enhanced our focus and investments in it. We have a talented leadership team, have invested in improved service capabilities, and have added one of the country’s largest national account commercial pest control businesses to our portfolio. This is an incredibly positive step forward in strengthening this business.
Caring For Employees and Our Communities
Caring for employees often means enhancing their ability to serve our customers safely and efficiently. To do this, we are:
• Taking steps to improve the employee experience.
We are modernizing our fleet of vehicles to enhance safety and provide improved functionality. We are also simplifying our business processes to enable key decision making
      4
2017 Annual Report

at the branch level to further improve execution and the customer experience. We’re revamping pay structures to increase the ability for our employees to drive stronger
Delivering Our Financial Commitments
Our commitment to serve, care and deliver is further bolstered by the financial outcome we were able to deliver in 2017,
results and appropriately reward them for outstanding performance.
“We Care: Our employees, partners and franchisees perform our most important work.
• Relocating our headquarters, which we refer to as our global service center, to downtown Memphis in early 2018. By retrofitting a downtown mall abandoned years ago into our new global service center, we will bring a new level of energy to the city of Memphis, another way of giving back to the communities in which we live and work. At One ServiceMaster Center, we expect to foster the next great wave of innovation, customer service and performance in a contemporary, collaborative work environment, where the sole focus will be to provide outstanding service to our employees, contractors and franchisees who serve our customers directly.
• Continuing our We Care commitment in the communities where we live and work. In 2017, ServiceMaster doubled down on its We Care commitment by achieving over 14,500 volunteer hours. With almost 3,500 employee volunteers, ServiceMaster and its brands worked with 80 community partners around the country to make a difference.
including:
• Delivering a six percent overall increase in revenue to over $2.9 billion
• Delivering net income of $510 million, or $3.76 per share, versus full-year 2016 net income of $155 million, or $1.13 per share, primarily due to tax reform legislation
• Delivering adjusted net income of $286 million, or $2.11
per share, versus full-year 2016 adjusted net income of $281 million, or $2.04 per share
• Delivering high single-digit organic revenue growth for the third consecutive year at American Home Shield
• Delivering year-over-year improvements in our Net Promoter Scores (NPS) through our Terminix transformation plans
• Returning significant value to shareholders via the share buy-back program, purchasing over $85 million in shares at an average share price $13 per share lower than the share price at year end
• Reducing net debt to adjusted EBITDA from 4.1 times to 3.7 times thanks to strong free cash flow generation which was 25 percent higher than the prior year
We see an incredible future for our business.
I speak on behalf of all of our employees, contractor partners and franchise owners across the country and the world when I say that ServiceMaster and its powerful brands are better positioned than ever to deliver on our commitments—to our customers, our communities, our shareholders and each other. Together, we are creating a company that will reinvent the way customers experience residential and commercial services.
We see an incredible future in which our dedication to our customers will allow us to deliver significant value. We’re excited to lead the charge to Serve, to Care and to Deliver.
Nikhil Varty
Chief Executive Officer
We Serve       We Care We Deliver
                         5
