When I joined ServiceMaster as CEO in 2013, one of the things that
struck me immediately was the company’s rich history. In the 86 years
since being founded, the company had achieved something most
service companies would envy – the trust of customers who literally
invite us into their homes and businesses. But with that trust comes
great responsibility: protecting and maintaining 75,000 homes and
businesses we’re invited into each day.
Serving customers isn’t new to us. It’s part of ServiceMaster’s DNA.
When we re-entered the public equity markets in June 2014, we even
selected a ticker symbol-SERV- that reflects both our rich legacy and what we want to be.
This annual report reflects the financial performance of a company that reached an important milestone in
2014, but also set out on a new path forward. In 2014, we completed
the spin-off of our former lawn care business, TruGreen, to allow us
to concentrate on growth and provide TruGreen the time and focus it
needs to make the changes necessary to complete the turnaround of its business
The report highlights more of the specific acheivements that marked
the past year. Moreover, I hope you’ll get a sense of the momentum
that’s building in all of our businesses. Our strong 2014 results
demonstrated that we could not only grow our business quickly and
profitably, but also build a strong, customer-focused team that puts
a premium on keeping our commitments to investors, customers and
each other.
In 2014, we delivered:
Strong revenue and earnings growth – Revenues grew in all three
of our business segments, and 7 percent overall. Adjusted EBITDA
grew 24 percent overall, the company’s best earnings growth in more
than a decade.
Expanded Profit Margins- In addition to top- and bottom-line
growth, we expanded margins by a very healthy 310 basis points
through improved productivity, operational excellence and supply
chain management.
Increased free cash flow- Our company generated $525 million in
pre-tax unlevered cash flow, a 23 percent increase over the previous
year, which allowed us to continue to pay down debt and further
de-leverage. In fact, we applied net IPO proceeds and additional
cash to reduce debt by $835 million and strengthened our overall
capital structure.
Improved efficiency in our operations- Investments
in our call centers, contractor/technician routing
and scheduling and online self-service capabilities
improved our customer experience. However, we
continue to rigorously review our business processes
and benchmark ourselves both internally and against
industry best practices.
A successful IPO – With our IPO that closed on July 1,
2014, ServiceMaster sold 41.3 million shares and raised
over $700 million in cash that was primarily used to pay
down debt. But more importantly, the months following
the IPO marked a new chapter in the company’s
narrative. By the end of 2014, buoyed by strong
performance over the second half of the year, our share
price rose 57 percent between June 26 and December
31, 2014 and showed strength into early 2015.
As we consider the new ServiceMaster, it’s worth
remembering the fundamentals of our business. Over
the past five years, we've consistently demonstrated a resilient financial model reinforced by our track record of financial performance
During that period, we've
averaged 5 percent annual revenue growth and 10
percent annual Adjusted EBITDA growth. By virtue
of our essential, value-added services, we’re able
to achieve high customer retention and a recurring
revenue stream. We’re not a referral service but a
network of professionals who actually perform the work,
backed by service guarantees.
Demographic trends offer attractive prospects for
growth and market expansion. An aging baby boomer
population, coupled with a generation of millennials just
entering home ownership, have spawned an entire era
of “do-it-for-me” consumers. Their desire to outsource
many of their residential services has created an
opportunity for us to increase household penetration and
grow market share. In our commercial businesses, like
disaster restoration, janitorial services and pest control,
we have decades of expertise in providing customized
solutions for customers ranging from small business 
owners to multi-location national accounts. Our goal is to
help keep their businesses operating smoothly – or get
them up and running again as quickly as possible.
Our vision is to be the leading provider of essential
residential and commercial services through
empowered people, world-class customer service and
convenient mobile access. In order to live up to our
name, we want to be easy to work with – available when
and where our customers need us. As a result, we’re
investing in mobile and online technology to simplify
transactions, scheduling, billing and payment and
improve customer communication.
We know you’ll hold us accountable for service and
results that will match up to or exceed our competitors’
-and that's just fine with us. For us to be considered
truly world-class, ServiceMaster must be a reliable and
predictable company, both in our customer service and
financial performance. We must quickly spot issues and 
opportunities and bring new solutions to our customers
to add value, and protect and maintain their homes
and businesses.
We believe we’re on the right path. We have great
businesses and strong brands. We have passionate
employees, franchisees, contractors and technicians
who want to do the right thing for our customers. Thanks
again for your confidence in our leadership team and in
ServiceMaster. When we stay focused on our customers
and our business, we all win and, more importantly, live
our legacy. I’m looking forward to building something
bigger and better together.
Best regards,
Rob Gillette

