Message from the CEO
Dear Investors, Customers, Employees and Franchisees,
On behalf of our 13,000 employees, I'm proud to share our 2015 Annual Report and highlight some of the stories that drove our success in the past year, culminating in a spot among Fortune magazine's World's Most Admired Companies. I'm also excited to introduce our new corporate brand, which we believe represents a stamp of quality along with a culture of service excellence and customer convenience that makes ServiceMaster a leader in essential residential and commercial services. Among our 2015 accomplishments, we: · Continued strong financial performance ­ Revenue grew 6 percent and Adjusted EBITDA grew 12 percent, marking seven consecutive quarters of earnings growth since the company went public in 2014. Driving our results were American Home Shield, which achieved double-digit revenue growth, and Terminix, which surpassed $100 million in revenue from its new service offerings, including mosquito control, wildlife exclusion, insulation and encapsulation. Expanded profit margins ­ We expanded Adjusted EBITDA margins by 130 basis points through improved productivity, operational excellence and supply chain management, while adjusted earnings per share rose 23 percent, to $1.80. Increased free cash flow ­ Our company generated $358 million in free cash flow, a 31 percent increase over the previous year, which allowed us to continue to pay down debt and re-invest in growth. As of year-end, we had eliminated $1.1 billion in debt in 18 months and used a highly favorable interest rate climate to improve our overall capital structure. Introduced ServSmart ­ Our new business approach emphasizes speed and convenience, and puts digital-mobile technology in the hands of our employees, franchisees and customers. ServSmart will enable us to integrate digital technology with our unmatched team of trusted experts who visit 75,000 homes and businesses each day. · In 2015, we also realized we needed to energize our corporate brand and shape a new story we can easily tell to customers, investors and employees. We weren't seeking just a new logo. We needed a new brand purpose that reflects our vision: to be the number one choice of customers for essential services through empowered people and convenient access. Our new brand purpose comes down to two important pillars: · We instill trust... We're dependable. We're experts. We're accountable. We drive empowerment... We're responsive. We're accessible. We're respectful.

Our new brand tells the story of a company that's agile, thinking digital first and reinventing the way customers choose residential and commercial services. Of course, we can only create shareholder and customer value when we live up to our brand purpose ­ and make it easy and convenient for customers to find us, buy from us and stay with us. Thanks again for your confidence in our leadership team and in ServiceMaster. We're focused on serving our customers and growing our business; and together, we're building a new ServiceMaster that's driven to win for the long run. Regards,

·

·

·

Rob Gillette, Chief Executive Officer

2015 Annual Report

1

