Letter to Shareholders
Dear Shareholders, I feel very fortunate to have been promoted to CEO at a time when the Company is in such a healthy position as we enter our 125th year in this business. I believe we have the right strategies and management team to lead us as we continue to take market share and create innovative ways to increase our customers' profits. I am very thankful to Michael Walsh, the former CEO, for all that he has done for this organization, and I think the shareholders feel the same way. It is now my responsibility to continue this legacy and take it to the next level. I embrace that challenge.
Strategy

Our four primary objectives continue to be to increase our market share, our profits and our importance to the marketplace by providing our valued customers the products and services that enable them to grow their profits and enhance their offerings to the consumer. Our Vendor Consolidation Initiative (VCI) program, which we established several years ago, is designed to reduce costs in our customers' highly fragmented and inefficient supply chain. This program greatly reduces the inefficiencies and the costs of deliveries to the retailer and also reduces the customers' investments in inventories and out of stocks. In 2012 we developed a VCI analytical tool for the independent retailer which will enables our sales force to individualize participation in VCI. We believe this will greatly increase the number of independent store owners participating in this VCI program. Our second important initiative, which builds on our first, is our "Fresh" program. This program provides our customers the ability to offer fresh and healthy foods to the consumer. We believe there is an increasing trend among consumers to purchase high-quality fresh foods from convenience and other channels. In order to satisfy this demand, we have invested significant capital in our refrigerated infrastructure over the last several years, giving us the ability to deliver a wide range of chilled items. For both the retailer and wholesaler, these chilled products are more profitable than other traditional categories. In 2011 we developed our third strategy called Focused Marketing Initiative (FMI). This program provides a detailed store analysis and allows us to be the business consultant and category manager for the single store owner. The profit impacts for the stores that have participated in this program have been substantial, and the program has significantly increased our sales in those stores. Our final key strategic initiative is focused primarily on growing market share by expanding our footprint in the East where convenience store density is high. We intend to meet this objective through the acquisition of selected wholesale distributors. We completed our fifth acquisition in December of 2012.

Continue on next page

Letter to Shareholders continued
Results & Financial Strengths

Overall, we are very pleased with our record revenues in 2012, which grew at about 10%. Non-cigarette sales increased at nearly 15%, while cigarette sales increased about half that rate. Same store non-cigarettes increased at a healthy pace while same store cartons were down approximately in-line with the industry. Gross profit dollars, after the normal adjustments, were up about 10%. We think this is pretty impressive when you consider the significant decrease in non-cigarette inventory holding gains this year compared to the previous year. More importantly, gross profit margins improved substantially in the fourth quarter as we lapped the Southeastern expansion. Our operating expenses, as a percentage to sales, were essentially flat for the year once adjusted for unusual items. Adjusted EBITDA, ended the year at our guidance of $102mm, excluding the startup costs associated with our most recent acquisition. The 10% EBITDA growth was driven by strong revenue and increases in non-cigarette gross profit dollars. This was the largest EBITDA profit the Company has posted in its history and an important milestone for the organization. Similarly Diluted EPS, excluding LIFO expense, grew 12% driven by the same factors. Equally important, we continue to generate a healthy level of cash, more than ample to fund our working capital needs and our capital expenditures. Our primary intention for the use of our excess cash is to fund the purchase of acquisitions, but our secondary intention is to further increase shareholder value through our dividend and share repurchase programs. The Company remains financially strong and well positioned to capitalize on value opportunities.
The Year Ahead

In 2013, we expect at least 10% increase in both our revenues and profits. Revenues are expected to approach $10 billion while Adjusted EBITDA is expected to exceed $112mm-both new records for the Company. Contributions from our most recent acquisition, market share gains and inflation are all expected to increase our sales and profits in 2013. We will continue to focus on improving our profits as well as those of our customers and maintain our competitive advantage in the market place that we serve. We appreciate your support.

Thomas B. Perkins

President and Chief Executive Officer

Today, we are motivated by three basic values:
Grow our customers' sales profitably. Make it easy for our customers to do business with us. Do the distribution fundamentals well.

