To our stockholders, Fiscal 2008 was a strong year for Agilent. Annual revenues of $5.8 billion represented growth of 7 percent over 2007. We saw year-over-year increases in operating profit, earnings per share and return on invested capital. We continued to hold an industry leadership position in electronic measurement while outgrowing the market in bio-analytical measurement. This resulted from a strong portfolio of new product introductions throughout the year, as well as a continued focus on customers. We achieved strong external benchmark results in both customer satisfaction and customer loyalty. We were also proactive in responding to signs of an economic slowdown in the second half of the year. We took aggressive actions to minimize expenses, control hiring and focus on gross margins, while continuing to invest in leading-edge measurement solutions for our customers. As a result, we believe we are very well positioned moving into the continued economic uncertainties of fiscal 2009. Electronic measurement businesses Agilent's electronic measurement business accounted for $3.5 billion of the company's 2008 revenues. The two measurement markets we serve here are general purpose test and communications test. In general purpose, our focus is on aerospace and defense, general industry, computer and semiconductor markets. General purpose generated 35 percent of Agilent's 2008 revenues. We continue to fill out our product portfolio and to develop alternate sales channels around the world. In 2008 we introduced the world's first nonlinear signal analyzer. This solution establishes a new industry standard in network analysis and enables customers to design their products in a fraction of the time that used to be required. We introduced the world's first scanning microwave microscope, which integrates the fundamentals of atomic force microscopy with vector network analysis. This has applications in both semiconductor and materials markets. And we introduced 22 new products in our line of low-cost instruments. In communications, our focus is on wireless R&D and manufacturing, broadband R&D and manufacturing, and network monitoring. Communications generated 25 percent of Agilent's 2008 revenues. We continue our strategic focus and investments in wireless R&D, including emerging next-generation standards such as Long Term Evolution (LTE). Our intention is to be the major R&D supplier in the development of these new standards, as well as the major supplier in their manufacture. In fiscal 2008 our revenues in wireless R&D exceeded our revenues in wireless manufacturing. Our 2008 product introductions included a new protocol tester for the next generation of cell phones, the industry's first 50-gigahertz spectrum analyzer, and an integrated handheld wireless tester for installation and maintenance.

1



Going forward, our electronic measurement strategy will be to continue pursuing growth opportunities in R&D and network communications, while managing through the downturn in manufacturing test markets. Bio-analytical measurement businesses Agilent's bio-analytical measurement business accounted for $2.3 billion of the company's 2008 revenues. The two bio measurement markets we serve here are chemical analysis and life science. In chemical analysis, our focus is on environmental, petrochemical, forensics and food markets. Chemical analysis generated 22 percent of Agilent's 2008 revenues. We continue to focus on environmental and food industries, which are thriving around the world in spite of the economic downturn. We have maintained our strong and healthy position in petrochemical, although that segment will experience pressure in the coming year with the significant decline in oil prices. We've added capability in our gas chromatograph (GC) product platform, which represents our largest market share in the analytical instrument space. We've upgraded the performance of our midrange GC/mass spectrometer platform while entering the high-end GC/MS market with our GC triple-quadrupole (QQQ) MS. In life science, our focus is on pharmaceutical, biotech, academia and government markets. Life science generated 18 percent of Agilent's 2008 revenues. Life science represents Agilent's biggest growth opportunity. We continue to grow our position in the pharmaceutical, biotech and contract research organization markets. In addition, we are making significant progress in selling into the academic and research markets. We have increased our presence there by 50 percent over 2007, and we continue to see opportunities for further growth. In 2008, we refreshed our core product lines while adding new capabilities and platforms to extend our leading-edge measurement capabilities. In addition to upgrading our LC 1200 Liquid Chromatography platform, we extended our presence in high-end mass spectrometry with expanded features in our LC triple quadrupole and LC quadrupole time-of-flight (Q-TOF) instrument platforms. One of Agilent's fastest-growing businesses is in microarrays, which perform comparative analysis of chromosomes in areas such as disease and cancer research. One of Agilent's competitive differentiators is our ability to customize arrays for specific customer needs. In 2008 we introduced a one-million-element array, a four-fold increase over our previous capabilities. We also continued to integrate and develop our two major acquisitions, Stratagene and Velocity11, expanding into the reagent and automation markets. We can now provide our customers with end-to-end workflow solutions, as well as tailored solutions for their most difficult measurement problems. A steadfast operating model In the second half of 2008 we entered the beginning of what may be the most severe global economic downturn in 70 years, and we expect these global economic challenges to continue well

2

into 2009. It is valuable to compare Agilent's current situation with our circumstances during the technology crash of 2001. In 2001, our global infrastructure expense was 27 percent of the company's revenues; in 2008 it was 14 percent. In 2001, only 25 percent of our manufacturing was outsourced; today it is 50 percent. Not only is our internal manufacturing footprint much smaller, much of it now resides in lower-cost countries, including Malaysia, Singapore and China. Another significant change is in Agilent's expense flexibility. In 2001, all employees were essentially on fixed salary. Over the last several years, we have lowered the fixed portion of pay and implemented a variable compensation program for all employees tied directly to the success of the company. The overall mix of the company today is more diverse and less volatile. We have eliminated our most volatile businesses in semiconductor components and semiconductor wafer test. And while we will continue to be a major player in manufacturing test, we also expect to continue decreasing our dependence on electronic manufacturing overall as we grow our market share in electronics R&D, life science and chemicals. Agilent today is in a much stronger position to weather the economic storm. We are functioning with a disciplined operating model and demonstrating consistently strong performance. We took proactive measures early on in anticipation of the economic downturn. As a result, we are currently able to focus our attention and resources on customers and new measurement solutions. This will put Agilent in an even stronger competitive position when we emerge from the current downturn. Despite our forecasts that our earnings per share will be lower in 2009 than in 2008, our operating discipline increases the likelihood that we will remain substantially cash flow positive for the year. Continued operational excellence in 2009 While the global economic outlook remains uncertain, we continue to focus on the right markets with leading-edge measurement solutions. Our concentration is in four main areas. First, we are continuing to develop and expand our bio-analytical presence. Second, we are focusing our R&D investments to bring innovative revenue-generating products to market as soon as possible. Our priority is to address the immediate needs of our customers, while achieving best-in-class customer satisfaction and customer loyalty. Third, we are continuing our company-wide effort to maintain or improve our gross margins in a very competitive market. Fourth, we remain committed to the discipline and success of our operating model. The flexibility we have built into the operating model enables us to allocate resources to opportunities while we continue to increase the variability of our cost structure.

3



We remain committed to creating value for our customers and shareholders as the world's premier measurement company, and to demonstrating the flexibility and strength of Agilent's operating model throughout the economic cycle.

12JAN200603224524
Bill Sullivan President and Chief Executive Officer January 27, 2009

4

