To our stockholders, Fiscal 2009 was a difficult year for the global economy, and Agilent was not immune to the effects of the downturn. Annual revenues of $4.5 billion were down $1.3 billion from 2008. Operating profit and earnings per share also declined from the previous year. However, we made three fundamental decisions that position us well for the future as the economy begins to improve and we emerge from the downturn. We responded aggressively to the economic downturn We began to take proactive measures in the third quarter of fiscal 2008, when the downturn was just beginning. We took a series of aggressive measures to control expenses, reduce manufacturing costs, exit some of our businesses and focus our R&D investments. These measures included restrictions on hiring, travel and discretionary expenses, as well as a companywide payroll reduction. We announced restructuring within our Global Infrastructure Organization and Electronic Measurement business. And we initiated several other programs to reduce fixed costs and increase variable costs, such as expanding our indirect channels. As a result of our efforts, we expect to realize a total of $525 million in annual run-rate savings. In recognition of the progress we have made, we have restored full pay to all employees effective November 1, 2009. Our Global Infrastructure Organization will complete its restructuring by the first quarter of fiscal 2010. Our Electronic Measurement Group will complete its restructuring by the second quarter. Agilent has remained cash-flow positive throughout the current downturn. We are pleased that our rapid response has enabled us to successfully manage through the downturn while being well positioned to take advantage of an upturn in the market. We ensured that we had sufficient funding of our new product programs Even as the company navigated through this very difficult time, we managed in such a way that we did not jeopardize our investments in growth initiatives and future technologies. In electronic measurement, we introduced new economy and mid-range families of oscilloscopes. With the launch of our high-performance PXA and low-cost CXA series of signal analyzers, we now offer a full range of solutions and price/performance on a single common platform, providing our strongest-ever offering in signal analyzers. The PXA is currently the highest-performing signal analyzer in the world. Our investment in the Agilent PNA-X series of vector network analyzers has resulted in sequential order growth throughout the downturn. Wireless R&D and Aerospace/Defense market segments are adopting this platform for complete component characterization and modeling. Finally, we continue to invest heavily in Long-Term Evolution (LTE) and are committed to be the test leader in the next generation of wireless communications technologies. In chemical analysis, we continued our new-product investments in platforms including gas chromatography (GC), GC triple-quadrupole (GC-QQQ) and inductively-coupled plasma mass spectrometry (ICP-MS). We also introduced technology innovations in sample preparation, GC inert columns and high-pressure liquid chromatography (LC) columns.

1

Annual Report

In life sciences, we continued to see strong market acceptance of the new Agilent 1290 Infinity LC platform, as well as continued momentum in new technologies such as LC mass spectrometry (LC/MS) and microarrays. We have seen strong demand from the introduction of our SureSelect kits for next-generation sequencing, as well as for our bio-analyzer kits. In summary, Agilent invested more than $600 million in R&D in fiscal 2009, comprising 14 percent of overall revenues. We believe that our commitment to technology leadership will position us well in fiscal 2010. We took steps to acquire Varian Our planned acquisition of Varian, another Silicon Valley pioneer in high technology, will represent the largest acquisition in Agilent's history. This is a major step in our transformation into a leading bio-analytical measurement company. The two companies share common histories and cultures. We can build on our complementary technologies, and we each bring expertise and experience across different geographies and applications. We expect that our combined company will be able to provide customers with a more comprehensive set of solutions across a wider range of markets in the areas of applied chemical and life sciences. As of this writing, the acquisition close is anticipated early in calendar 2010, subject to regulatory approval and customary closing conditions. Throughout the year we will have teams dedicated to a successful integration of the two companies. The year ahead in 2010 We believe that Agilent has emerged from the global economic downturn in a position of strength. While it seems evident that we are past the worst of the global downturn, the pace of recovery is expected to be slow and to vary considerably by market and geography. We remain diligent and focused on meeting our customers' needs, meeting our financial commitments and returning value to our shareholders. At the same time, we continue to invest in current and future market opportunities. We are committed to maintaining our leadership as the world's premier measurement company.

12JAN200603224524
Bill Sullivan President and Chief Executive Officer January 19, 2010

2

