The story that ties together the data and narratives in this year's Annual Report is the great progress we made in 2005 in transforming Agilent from a diversified technology company into a focused measurement company. We launched this strategic shift because we are convinced that greater emphasis on the strengths that make Agilent the world's premier measurement company -- including our deep technical expertise and long-standing customer relationships -- will enable us to deliver optimal value to customers and to shareholders. To effect this transformation, in 2005 we sold the semiconductor products business; announced plans to spin off the semiconductor test business as an independent company; sold our interest in a joint venture to our partner Philips; retired our convertible debt; and launched a major share repurchase program. We're excited about the opportunities we see in the $40 billion dollar market for measurement in electronics, communications, life sciences and chemical analysis, and we will continue to pursue those opportunities aggressively. We are building a more focused Agilent on a very solid foundation. The company is in excellent financial condition, thanks to improved operating performance over the last several years and outstanding cash generation during 2005. We have robust new-product pipelines in all our businesses, leadership positions in our markets and close, collaborative relationships with customers who lead their industries. Our people have the skills, dedication and flexibility it will take for us to achieve our goals and to innovate in ways that make a difference to our customers. In 2006 our intent is to strengthen and build upon our position as the world's premier measurement company. To do that we will deliver compelling products to our markets and will work to enhance customer preference and loyalty while maintaining tight operating and financial discipline. We are determined to deliver on our commitment to increase shareholder value as we lead Agilent to reach its full potential.

12JAN200603224524
Bill Sullivan President and Chief Executive Officer January 18, 2006

1

Annual Report

To Our Shareholders

