To our shareholders,
Fiscal 2010 was a strong year for Agilent. Annual revenues were up almost $1 billion from fiscal 2009, an increase of 21 percent. Operating profit and earnings per share also increased substantially. In addition to benefiting from the acquisition of Varian which closed mid-year, we also saw very healthy organic growth in each of our businesses. Overall, Agilent is capitalizing well on the market upturn as the global economy recovers.
In addition to our strong fiscal 2010 financial results, we completed several strategic milestones. We executed a major restructuring of our electronic measurement business group. We completed the acquisition of Varian, the largest acquisition in our history, to strengthen our bio- analytical businesses. And we established a new business group to focus on the pursuit of the life science market, our largest measurement opportunity in the coming years.
Electronic Measurement Group
Agilent’s Electronic Measurement Group (EMG) provides solutions in communications, industrial, aerospace and defense, semiconductor and computer measurement markets. As the company’s oldest and most established business, EMG’s heritage dates back more than 70 years to the founding of Agilent’s predecessor company, Hewlett-Packard. Core technology platforms include oscilloscopes, signal analyzers, spectrum analyzers and network analyzers.
Electronic Measurement was the business most affected by the 2009 economic recession, due to its exposure to the industrial and consumer markets. Agilent’s management team took proactive actions as early as late 2008 to ensure EMG’s health through the economic downturn.
We resized EMG’s overall cost structure with a design to improve profitability, create greater flexibility and reduce cyclicality. We realigned the sales channels to increase our focus on top customers while expanding our distribution channel. We also maintained our R&D investment in key technologies to ensure we exited the downturn in a very strong market position.
With a continued investment in technology research and development, EMG continued to introduce industry-leading technology solutions throughout fiscal 2010. New products included the world’s highest-bandwidth real-time oscilloscopes to complement our best-in-class spectrum and network analyzers. As a result, EMG now offers industry-leading solutions in every one of its core technology platforms. The business is well-positioned as we enter fiscal 2011.
Chemical Analysis Group
Agilent’s Chemical Analysis Group (CAG) provides solutions in energy, food safety, environmental and forensics markets. Core technology platforms include gas chromatography and GC-mass spectrometry.
Applied chemical markets are experiencing strong growth driven by global megatrends. Developed countries are increasing food safety regulations as their food supply chains become more globalized. Developing countries are investing to ensure clean air, safe water and healthy food as their standards of living rise. Economies throughout the world also continue to invest in alternate sources of energy as well as traditional sources of energy.
Agilent is well positioned to capitalize on these trends. We have a strong and established presence in China that dates back more than 35 years, augmented by continued investments in India, Brazil and other developing geographies. We offer industry-leading technology solutions in GC and GC-mass spec, strengthened by recent product introductions in high-end GC-MS.
 1
Annual Report

Agilent’s market presence is also strengthened by our acquisition of Varian, which was announced in July 2009 and completed in May 2010. While the acquisition also benefits Agilent’s life sciences business, the bulk of Varian’s businesses expand the portfolio and reach of Agilent’s chemical analysis business.
By the close of fiscal 2010, we reached a major milestone in the integration of Varian. Agilent and Varian customers now see one single company with unified call centers, a combined field organization and a single service and support process. Moving forward, we will continue to drive to meet our cost synergy commitments and leverage the breadth of measurement tools from both companies to drive revenue growth.
Life Sciences Group
Agilent’s Life Sciences Group (LSG) provides solutions in pharmaceutical research and development, pharmaceutical manufacturing, and government and academic research. Core technology platforms include liquid chromatography, LC-mass spectrometry and microarrays.
The life sciences market, which deals with the human condition, healthcare, therapeutics and diagnostics, represents Agilent’s biggest measurement growth opportunity. Pharmaceutical companies are increasingly moving from chemical therapeutics to biological therapeutics. In addition, discoveries in genomics, proteomics and metabolomics are accelerating science’s understanding of the human condition at a cellular level.
Given this opportunity, Agilent established LSG as an independent business group at
the beginning of fiscal 2010. Our bio-analytical sales force was split into two focused field organizations dedicated to chemical analysis and life sciences opportunities, with the LSG sale force strategically aligned to penetrate academic markets. We have increased our investment in research grants and collaborations with the world’s leading universities.
At the same time, LSG continues to introduce industry-leading technology platforms. New product introductions in fiscal 2010 included the world’s highest-pressure HPLC, the most sensitive LC-MS triple-quadrupole and the most discriminating genomic target enrichment system. The Varian acquisition adds capabilities in nuclear magnetic resonance, magnetic resonance imaging, x-ray crystallography and dissolution.
As a result of the Varian acquisition, as well as our previous acquisitions of Stratagene and Velocity11, we believe we are well positioned in the life sciences market moving forward.
The year ahead in 2011
As we enter fiscal year 2011, Agilent differentiates itself in the market in four major areas.
First is our market reach and customer trust. Our 6,000 sales and marketing employees – in close partnership with our distributors and value-added resellers – support 43,000 customers in 110 countries. We are No. 1 in customer loyalty in every major product category in the industry according to third-party surveys, and we continue to invest in customer service and support.
Second is our technology leadership. Thanks to Agilent’s 2,700 researchers, we currently offer the leading technology platform in every one of our major markets. In fiscal 2011, we will invest 11 percent of revenue in R&D across the board, to continue to organically outpace the market.
Third is our scale and scope. The ability of our 6,100 manufacturing employees to scale and leverage Agilent’s worldwide manufacturing capability has resulted in a leading position of expertise and efficiency. We have the lowest instrument cost of sales in the industry while maintaining a reputation for quality and reliability.
2

Fourth is our team. Agilent has a strong and established culture based on uncompromising integrity, teamwork and technical contribution. We have some of the highest retention rates in the industry. Our people provide us with the expertise and experience necessary to win in the marketplace.
We remain diligent, focused on meeting our customers’ needs, meeting our financial commitments and returning value to our shareholders. At the same time, we continue to invest in current and future market opportunities. We are committed to maintaining our leadership as the world’s premier measurement company.
Bill Sullivan
President and Chief Executive Officer
January 19, 2011
  3
Annual Report
