Fiscal 2011 was an excellent year for Agilent. Annual revenues of $6.6 billion were up 22 percent over fiscal 2010. This was the second year in a row that annual revenues grew by more than 20 percent. Operating profit and earnings per share also increased substantially. We ended the fiscal year with the best operational performance in the company's eleven-yearhistory. In addition to our strong fiscal 2011 financial results, we made strong progress in several strategic areas. We continued the integration of Varian, the largest acquisition in our history, strengthening product portfolios and customer satisfaction levels while achieving targeted cost savings. We increased our manufacturing capacity to manage increased demand for our solutions. We grew our footprint in rapidly growing emerging economies, including China, India and Brazil. And we continued our penetration into the life sciences market, which remains Agilent's largest measurement growthopportunity. As a reflection of Agilent's financial strength and continuing growth opportunities, in January 2012 we announced the initiation of quarterly cash dividends to Agilent shareholders. This underscores our commitment to enhance shareholder value andreturn. Electronic Measurement Group Agilent's Electronic Measurement Group (EMG) provides solutions in communications, industrial, aerospace and defense, semiconductor and computer measurement markets. Core technology platforms include oscilloscopes, signal analyzers, spectrum analyzers and networkanalyzers. Communications markets saw strong demand in wireless manufacturing test, driven by smartphones, 3G and LTE (long-term evolution) network rollouts. General purpose markets saw strong demand in digital test, driven by new high-speed digital interfaces. And while aerospace and defense was unfavorably impacted by budget concerns in the United States, the market outside of the U.S. continued to see solidgrowth. EMG underwent a major restructuring during the 2009 economic recession to improve profitability, increase flexibility and reduce cyclicality. We have seen a positive return on these efforts as the broader electronic measurement markets recovered. In fiscal 2011, EMG generated industry-leading organic growth and operatingmargins. EMG continued to invest heavily in research and development, and these efforts paid off as well. In fiscal 2011 we held our largest-ever product announcement in oscilloscopes, introducing a new family of value scopes with world-leading price/performance. We have also enhanced our product portfolio with 55 modular instrument offerings, enabling Agilent to provide the broadest and most flexible range of electronic measurement products in theindustry. Chemical Analysis Group Agilent's Chemical Analysis Group (CAG) provides solutions in the chemical and energy, food testing, environmental and forensics markets. Core technology platforms include gas chromatography, GC-mass spectrometry, atomic and molecular spectroscopy and relatedchemistries. Global applied chemical markets saw strong growth in fiscal 2011. Emerging countries increased their footprint in the global economy, creating a growing need for new material and energy sources. At the same time, these developing economies sought to improve the quality of their

1

Annual Report

To our shareholders,

environments and the health of their citizens. The world's food supply is becoming increasingly globalized. Additionally, the energy sector invested in equipment recapitalization. Each of these trends created significant opportunities in the global applied chemicalmarket. Agilent capitalized on these market trends and outgrew the market through increased R&D investments and by leveraging our expanded portfolio fromacquisitions. Our R&D investments yielded several innovative new products for applied chemical markets. The 4100 MP-AES (microwave plasma atomic emission spectrometer) is the first spectroscopy solution to run entirely on air instead of expensive and dangerous argon gas. The Cary 630 is the world's smallest bench FTIR (Fourier Transform Infrared) instrument. Agilent CrossLab is the company's first portfolio of supplies designed to work with all major brands of analyticalinstruments. CAG also saw strong market response from its expanded portfolio of high-end GC-mass spec products, including an industry-first GC/Q-TOF (time of flight) solution that combines the power of Agilent's market-leading GC solution with our high-performance TOFanalyzer. The integration of Varian enabled our new spectroscopy business to benefit from a greater reach into new regions and markets, while customers benefitted from a widely expanded portfolio of supplies, chemistries and instruments. CAG also acquired A2 Technologies, a specialist in FTIR technologies with a portfolio of handheld instruments that enable customers to bring the lab to the testsite. Life Sciences Group Agilent's Life Sciences Group (LSG) provides solutions in pharmaceutical research and development, pharmaceutical manufacturing, and government and academic research. Core technology platforms include liquid chromatography, LC-mass spectrometry, microarrays, nuclear magnetic resonance and magnetic resonance imagingsolutions. While fiscal 2011 saw continued market uncertainly in the U.S. and European pharmaceutical industry, LSG had good momentum driven by the replacement cycle for lab instrumentation. Our strong presence in emerging countries also positioned us well, as big pharma continued to increase operations in thesegeographies. LSG continued to penetrate academic and government markets by identifying opportunities and deploying an expert field team where Agilent solutions were true differentiators. The Agilent Thought Leadership program partnered with leading researchers in strategic areas including integrated biology, structural biology, biological food safety, synthetic biology and in vitro toxicology. This global program creates direct business opportunities and visibility for Agilent in leading-edge life scienceareas. Among new product introductions, we expanded our SureSelect genome partitioning product portfolio. We leveraged our ultra-sensitive ion funnel technology with the launch of our 6550 Q-TOF LC/MS solution. And we revolutionized liquid chromatography operation with our ISET pump emulation software, which enables our 1290 systems to emulate other LC pumps across themarket. Agilent took several strategic actions in anticipation of further growth in life sciences. LSG added technology to its portfolio via the acquisitions of BIOCIUS and Lab901. BIOCIUS Life Sciences developed the RapidFire drug-screening platform for the pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical markets. Lab901 developed the ScreenTape platform for nucleic acid quantization

2

The year ahead in 2012 Agilent is in a strong financial position as we look ahead to fiscal 2012. We expect to maintain our solid operating model, which ensures fiscal discipline through both the highs and lows of the economiccycle. Moving forward, we will pursue a four-point strategy to differentiate and excel through (1) market reach and customer trust, (2) technology leadership, (3) scale and scope, and (4)team. (1) Agilent operates in more than 110 countries throughout the world. We hold a leading customer loyalty position in every major product category as measured by independentsources. (2) Agilent offers advanced technologies in all core platforms throughout electronic measurement, chemical analysis and life sciences. We will continue to invest aggressively in research and development to maintain this technologyleadership. (3) Our world-class manufacturing organization provides us with global purchasing power and infrastructure leverage throughout the company. This leverage should enable us to continue improving Agilent's cost of sales, particularly in our chemical analysis and life sciencesbusinesses. (4) Agilent's continued success is a credit to our leadership and employee teams. Our 18,700 employees around the world are dedicated to providing the industry's best customer service, with uncompromising speed, quality andintegrity. Agilent also strives to be a leader in sustainability strategies and philanthropic efforts. Our annual Corporate Citizenship Report, which reflects our ongoing efforts to bring positive change to the world, can be accessed from our company website at www.agilent.com/environment/esr/home.html. Agilent's singular focus on measurement helps scientists and engineers address their toughest challenges with precision and confidence. With the help of Agilent's products and services, they are better positioned to deliver breakthroughs that can make a measurable difference in theworld.

Bill Sullivan President and Chief Executive Officer February 8, 2012

3

Annual Report

and detection. LSG's manufacturing site in Cedar Creek, Texas, was registered with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration as a medical device establishment in preparation for the manufacture of diagnosticproducts.

