 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
After three tough years in which Agilent survived the high-tech downturn and fundamentally transformed how we operate, 2004 was a successful and gratifying turnaround year for the company. We achieved consistently strong profitability through the year and generated more than $700 million in cash, completed the sweeping operational transformation launched in 2000, maintained the R&D investments
that fueled an outstanding year for new products, and improved our competitive position by entering new markets and exiting others. Agilent’s 28,000 people continued to work with great skill, energy and commitment in a difficult environment to deliver these results. We began 2005 a much stronger company than we were a year ago, and are excited by our opportunities to build on our accomplishments.
OUTSTANDING FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE IN 2004
In 2004 Agilent’s orders rose 15 percent over 2003 to $7 billion, while revenue increased 19 percent to $7.2 billion. During the first half of the year, strong demand in the semiconductor and related industries, especially wireless communications, was a key driver of this growth.
In 2004 we also did an excellent job of managing operating expenses which were $294 million lower than in 2003. This improvement reflects the work we have done during the past three years to bring Agilent’s costs in line with the competitive realities of our markets; to date we have taken about $800 million out of our quarterly cost structure. (1)
In 2004 we earned $349 million, or 71 cents per share on a GAAP basis, compared with a loss of $2.058 billion, or $4.35 per share, in 2003. (2) On a non-GAAP basis, earnings were $529 million, or $1.05 per share, compared with a loss of $121 million, or 26 cents per share, in 2003.
“We began 2005 a much stronger company than we were a year ago, and are excited by our opportunities to build on our success.”
Ned Barnholt
Agilent Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
  2 Agilent Technologies 2004 corporate report

 Inventories were only $31 million higher at the end of 2004 than a year ago, a great result given our revenue increase for the year of more than $1.1 billion. In 2004, investments in property, plant and equipment declined by $87 million from 2003. These improvements, along with our strong profitability, enabled outstanding cash generation, and we began 2005 with about $2.3 billion in cash and cash equivalents.
In 2004, two of our businesses did very well all year and two others were stronger in the first half. While we saw a decline in orders in wireless handset manufacturing test markets in the fourth quarter of 2004, our Test and Measurement (T&M) business achieved an
18 percent increase in overall orders and 15 percent growth in revenue in 2004. Driving T&M’s comeback were improved conditions in many of its markets, strong new products, outstanding expense control and the benefits of its restructuring during the past three years. Our Life Sciences and Chemical Analysis (LSCA) business had a consistently strong year, with healthy growth in orders and revenue, a 30 percent improvement in operating profit, and record orders and revenue in the fourth quarter. LSCA enhanced its leadership in its core chemical analysis business, which serves the petrochemical and environmental markets, while strengthening its position in the life sciences business, where Agilent products and solutions are helping researchers understand the genetic basis of disease and develop new drugs.
After a strong first half, demand from the semiconductor and related industries slowed significantly as the industry worked through excess
inventory and capacity. This affected second-half results in our Semiconductor Products Group (SPG) and Automated Test Group (ATG). For the full year, orders in SPG were up 20 percent while revenue rose by 27 percent. In the fourth quarter we announced plans to sell SPG’s camera module business to Flextronics after we determined that this business would not achieve acceptable profit levels as part of Agilent. In ATG, orders fell 2 percent for the full year while revenue increased by 22 percent over fiscal 2003. In 2004 we acquired IBM’s flat-panel test business, which we believe complements our existing automated test businesses and offers excellent opportunities for profitable growth.
A MAJOR OPERATIONAL TRANSFORMATION
In 2000 we launched a major effort to make the company more efficient and cost effective and in 2004 largely completed this transformation, which is starting to deliver strong returns. Information- technology (IT) systems have been a key focus of our transformation. In 2004 we completed implementation of our ERP (enterprise resource planning) and customer support systems, which are key building blocks of our IT infrastructure, and finished the outsourcing of some IT functions to partners that can deliver these services more cost effectively. In 2004 we reduced legacy applications by nearly 60 percent, reduced our overall IT costs by 27 percent compared with 2003, and made it easier for customers to use the Agilent Web site
to find product and support information.
 Financial Overview (in millions)
 2004 2003 % change
 Orders 6,997 6,084 15
 Net revenue 7,181 6,056 19
 Income (loss) from
operations (GAAP) 386 (725) 153
  Non-GAAP adjustments:
 Restructuring expenses 161 372
 Intangibles amortization and other 95 64
 Non-GAAP adjustments 256 436 (41)
  Income (loss) from
operations (Non-GAAP) 642 (289) 322
 Net income (loss) (GAAP) 349 (2,058) 117
 Net income (loss) (Non-GAAP) 529 (121) 537
 (1) Operational cost reduction: restructuring, $600 million; IT costs, $100 million; other, $100 million. Agilent’s operating breakeven cost structure can be reconciled to GAAP breakeven cost structure as follows: Total GAAP costs and expenses: less restructuring, less cost of sales decrement, less unusual IT projects such as ERP and CRM.
(2) $1.4 billion of the net loss in 2003 was the result of a non-cash charge to establish a tax valuation allowance.
  Agilent Technologies 2004 corporate report 3

  MAINTAINING INVESTMENTS IN RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT
During the past three years we balanced the need to lower costs with investments in research and development (R&D) that enable us to develop the new products crucial to our long-term success. In 2004 we spent $914 million on R&D. About 7 percent of this total was spent at Agilent Laboratories, our central R&D facility, which extended its long track record of vital contributions to new products.
Based on the partnership between Labs and SPG, we introduced an industry-first laser sensor for Logitech’s latest computer mouse that achieved strong market acceptance. LSCA introduced a revolutionary new liquid chromatography product that takes advantage of Agilent’s core competencies in microfluidics, optics and semiconductor materials and that has many potential applications for sample separation and preparation in life sciences research. In our Electronic Products and Solutions Group (EPSG), we introduced a series of oscilloscopes that set new performance standards for engineers who design RF and wireless products and that was named a "2004 Product of the Year" by Electronic Products magazine. We also launched a series of modular, reconfigurable test platforms, or synthetic instruments, that are playing a key role in the evolution of the aerospace and defense industries.
CUSTOMER AND QUALITY FOCUS
New products, as well as our operational improvements, contributed to substantial customer recognition in 2004. Nortel NetworksTM named Agilent its 2003 Technology Supplier of the Year, and we won the Outstanding Supplier Award from RF Micro Devices in China as well
 as the Global Supplier Award from Eli Lilly and Company. We are gratified by these awards and determined to achieve further progress in addressing and anticipating customer needs.
To help further improve our performance with customers, the Agilent Customer Satisfaction program provides customer feedback that we track and compare with aggressive improvement goals. We also rolled out a new quality education program to employees globally, and initiated a company-wide Six Sigma quality program.
A LEADER IN CORPORATE CITIZENSHIP
Outstanding corporate citizenship has two main components, and both were important priorities for Agilent in 2004. The first is corporate governance – the practices that bring to life the highest standards of integrity and transparency. The other is the role we play as an employer and community member. In 2004 we were proud to be ranked No. 9 on the 100 Best Corporate Citizens list published by Business Ethics magazine, which cited Agilent’s “diversity practices and superior treatment of the community.” In 2004 more than 6,000 Agilent people volunteered in company-supported education, health and human service, and environmental programs or events; 16 countries where we do business have active community programs; approximately 273,000 students were reached through Agilent-sponsored education programs; and we improved our environmental performance in a number of areas. This year we were formally recognized for our contributions and results in 22 communities worldwide. Our corporate citizenship efforts strengthen Agilent’s long-term competitiveness and help improve the viability of our many communities, and we will continue to make these efforts a priority.
“Agilent’s people continued to work with great skill, energy and commitment.”
 4 Agilent Technologies 2004 corporate report

  BUSINESS OUTLOOK
Agilent competes in large markets that are undergoing significant change and are becoming mature. While overall growth rates in these markets are likely to be modest, there are numerous opportunities for more robust growth within these markets. Our products, customer relationships and deep technology expertise position us well to pursue these opportunities, and we will continue to do so in 2005.
As we begin 2005, a reason for caution is the slowdown in the semiconductor industry that affected our results in the second half of 2004. We believe the industry will work through its capacity and inventory issues during the first half of 2005, when we expect demand in our wireless test business to be soft. But we do not believe that we are entering a deep downturn like the one that started in 2001.
Our priorities in 2005 start with our focus on maintaining the financial and operational discipline that was crucial to our results in 2004.
We will build on the dramatic progress we have made in our cost structure and IT, manufacturing and other functions. This year we will also emphasize the need to improve all aspects of our customers’ experience with Agilent. We survey our customers in depth on a regular basis, and we are taking action to increase their satisfaction and loyalty. In addition, we are increasing our investments in employee development in 2005, in order to expand the skills, leadership capability and commitment of Agilent’s people.
The start of 2005 is the beginning of Agilent’s sixth year as an independent company. It has been an incredible first five years.
We launched the company, grew rapidly, survived the downturn and transformed virtually every element of how we do business. Our people and culture have been tested. We have learned a lot, and we have emerged as a much stronger company. Now we are embarking on a transformation in growth and innovation that is equal in scope to the
 operational transformation we have made. Our overarching goal in 2005 is to achieve consistently profitable growth. The key to doing that is to unleash the innovative capacity of Agilent’s people. Our ability to innovate, combined with our outstanding products, long-term customer relationships and greater operational efficiency, position us well to achieve our goals in 2005 and to continue making Agilent the company we want it to be.
On January 19, 2005, I announced my intention to retire as Agilent’s chairman, president and CEO effective March 1, 2005. The board of directors chose Bill Sullivan, who has been chief operating officer and head of EPSG, to be Agilent’s next president and CEO. I will become chairman emeritus and will work with Bill to ensure a smooth transition. Jim Cullen, who has been a board member since 2000, will become the non-executive chairman. Bill is superbly qualified for his new role. His great track record of results over many years, leadership skills and values make him the clear choice to become president and CEO. With Agilent now in excellent financial condition and strong operationally, Bill will lead the company into its next phase, where Agilent will focus more on growth.
After 38 years with Hewlett-Packard and Agilent, including the last six as president and CEO, it’s time for me to start the next phase of my life. I want to thank our shareholders, employees, customers and partners for their support of our company over the past six years and for helping to make my time as CEO fulfilling in so many ways.
Ned Barnholt
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 “Our people and culture have been tested. We have learned a lot, and we have emerged as a much stronger company.”
 Agilent Technologies 2004 corporate report 5
