                To our shareholders,
For our fiscal 2012, Agilent delivered excellent financial performance in a slowing global economy. Annual revenues of $6.9 billion represented an increase of 3.5 percent over fiscal 2011. By maintaining a disciplined operating model, we controlled expenses and delivered significant increases in our operating profits, gross margins and earnings per share. By maintaining strong free cash flow, we strengthened our balance sheet. We returned cash to our shareholders through a quarterly dividend as well as share repurchases.
Our strong results in fiscal 2012 were based on several key factors. First, we concentrated our resources on markets with the best long-term growth opportunities. For example, we continued to invest heavily in emerging economies in order to capture opportunities in communications, food and environmental safety, energy, and chemical production. In the developed world, we adjusted to slower market conditions by focusing on energy exploration and production in North America.
We also continued our investments to expand our life science product offerings and extend our capabilities into the diagnostics market. We made the largest acquisition in our history with Dako, a leading tissue-based cancer diagnostics company. Dako gives us a leadership position in anatomical pathology and provides the regulatory expertise to expand our genomics products into the diagnostics market.
Second, we continued to introduce innovative and differentiable new products. From our market-leading 63-GHz oscilloscope to the world’s first ICP triple quadrupole mass spectrometer to an entirely new platform of next-generation fluorescent in situ hybridization assays (Agilent SureFISH probes for cancer research), Agilent continued to demonstrate its commitment to be the technology leader in each of our measurement markets.
Third, we maintained our commitment to operational excellence. As part of our continued focus on maximizing Agilent’s operations and improving gross margins, we named Ron Nersesian to the position of chief operating officer. Ron led the successful transformation of Agilent’s electronic measurement business in 2009. In November 2012, Ron was named Agilent president.
Ron centralized Agilent’s order fulfillment operations under a new global organization that will enable us to leverage our worldwide scale and scope in manufacturing, procurement and logistics. In fiscal 2012, the Global Order Fulfillment Organization began several initiatives to consolidate manufacturing sites, streamline logistics and reduce manufacturing costs.
Fourth, we maintained a strong customer-first culture. Agilent maintains both internal and external mechanisms to track customer satisfaction and customer loyalty on an ongoing basis against best-in-class benchmarks. In fiscal 2012, we met our customer-focused measures of success by providing industry leading product solutions and support.
Finally, we capitalized on the strength of Agilent’s people. We have maintained a strong value- based culture and working environment for more than 70 years, building on the heritage of our predecessor company, Hewlett-Packard. Agilent’s people development and retention practices are fully integrated with the company’s strategic intent and priorities. We consider our world-class people and teams to be among Agilent’s greatest competitive advantages.
2013 Outlook
Agilent is in a strong financial position as we look ahead to fiscal 2013. We are taking a cautious approach, given economic and political uncertainties that we expect to continue throughout the world in the coming year.
 1
Annual Report

                Our priorities remain the same: focus on the highest-growth opportunities anywhere in the world, continue to invest in products and solutions that meet our customers’ needs, continue to drive manufacturing excellence, and maintain our strategic objective to be No. 1 in customer satisfaction.
While the integration of Dako and the formation of our fourth business group, Diagnostics and Genomics, are proceeding well, we need to ensure that we meet the revenue and profit goals that were used to justify our investments.
As a result of Agilent’s business model, we believe we will continue to be cash flow positive under almost any economic environment. We are committed to both growing the company and increasing returns to our shareholders. In January 2013, we increased our quarterly dividend from 10 cents to 12 cents per share and announced a $500 million stock repurchase plan for fiscal 2013.
The foundation of our success includes our employees and the communities in which we conduct business. Agilent strives to be a leader in sustainability strategies and philanthropic efforts. Our annual Corporate Citizen Report, which reflects our ongoing efforts to bring positive change to the world, can be accessed from our company website at www.agilent.com/environment/esr/home.html.
Best regards,
Bill Sullivan
Agilent Chief Executive Officer
February 6, 2013
 2
