To Alcoa Shareholders
Earnings in 1996 totaled $514.9 million with revenues of $13.1 billion and a return on equity of 11.6%. Before special charges, earnings were $637 million for a return on equity of 14.4%. Elsewhere in this report you will find the financial details for the year, facts on product volumes, historical information and news items. My purpose this year is to give you, more than I usually do, an account of our leadership intentions and accomplishments. First, a general observation. Much of what we say about our business philosophy you will find in the majority of annual reports. All profess to do well and to do good. The dividing line among companies is the difference between professing and doing. For example, all companies say, "People are our most important asset." The question is, what does that mean? First Things First
In our case, respect for the individuals who work in Alcoa begins at the most fundamental level. We believe that if an employee is injured and unable to work, the idea of being an "important asset" is a meaningless sentiment. From this logic, ten years ago we made safety our most important internal priority, announcing the intent to achieve an injury-free workplace. The challenge was how to do it. At the time, we had an enviable safety performance as compared with the average American company. Our lost workday rate was 1/ 3 of the U.S. average. Many of our managers believed it was not possible to do a lot better. They cited our "dangerous workplace," dominated by heavy equipment and electricity and hot metal. Others simply believed, "Accidents happen." So one of our first needs was to convince the leaders of the company that better safety performance was possible. We started this effort by sending our opinion leaders to visit DuPont factories and those of other companies that had a better safety experience than we did, and we began to ask ourselves why.

"My purpose this year is to give you...an account of our leadership intentions and accomplishments."

Cause and Effect
A second need was to begin a systematic effort to produce better results. This meant beginning a process of generating learning from our injury experience -- looking for the common causes that were associated with injuries, creating better performance expectations for supervisors and individual employees, and eliminating excuses. One such excuse is the misapplied idea from economic theory that perfect safety is unaffordable because of the law of diminishing returns -- that is, it would cost too much to deliver on the idea that all employees should return home each night in the same good condition as when they came to work in the morning.
1

There is more to this story, but to cut to the results -- in each of the last nine years we have improved our lost workday performance as compared with the previous year. Our incidence rate as compared with U.S. industry has moved from 1/ 3 the U.S. rate to
1

/ 10 for all of 1996 and, at the end of 1996, we were operating close

to 1/ 20 the U.S. rate. (Our rates are, of course, worldwide rates.)

Wider Implications
Our safety performance is important in its own right, but at Alcoa it has implications far beyond safety. In the process of demonstrating that we have the ability to produce a team result such as this -- that is directly relevant to each employee -- we have developed and integrated the ideas and tools that are necessary to superior achievement in all that we do: manufacturing, finance, logistics, environment.
Paul H. O'Neill Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

We have made progress in all of these areas, but we are far from finished; and we will never be through with our efforts to achieve and sustain zero injuries. At root, this is a profound change in culture, a transformation from old habits of settling for the "inevitable" (accidents happen...costs go up...markets get glutted...strikes are a fact of life) to the

"Our safety performance is important in its own right, but at Alcoa it has implications far beyond safety. In the process ...we have developed and integrated the ideas and tools that are necessary to superior achievement in all that we do: manufacturing, finance, logistics, environment."

belief that a company can seize the initiative and shape its own future. This emphasis on creating our own fate has changed us as a company. If you go any place in Alcoa's twenty-eight country universe you will find safety is the first internal commitment. And on this safety backbone we have been building excellence in all things we do.

Common Interests
Our focus on safety has been an important contributor to positive working relationships. Evidence of this contribution is the landmark contract we signed in 1996 with more than 10,000 U.S. employees represented by the Steelworkers union. This is the longest duration contract we know of -- six years -- which means all of us can concentrate on producing great results for customers instead of suffering the usual twelve-month productivity slump as we approach the end of the traditional three-year contract. Importantly, this new contract was negotiated by the Business Unit Presidents who have to live with the consequences, and it provides for a far-reaching partnership approach that can only succeed with their direct and continuing engagement. We believe the next stage of achievement in workplace relationships is an "evergreen" contract that leaves behind the outdated notion of hostility between employees and employers.

2

Frontline Leadership
The business unit concept which we implemented in 1991 has been a powerful force for aligning the interests of the customer, Alcoa employees, and shareholders. It has clarified responsibility and accountability and created a cadre of people who are charged with leading, not just managing, their businesses. During the first five years of using this structure, we gave heavy emphasis to the independence of the 21 business units, and we will continue to do so. However, in 1996 we began the next stage of our quest for world-leading performance, as the business and resource support units worked together to identify $300 million (25%) of combined savings in administrative costs.

"This is a profound change in culture, a transformation from old habits of settling for the "inevitable" (accidents happen... costs go up...markets get glutted...strikes are a fact of life) to the belief that a company can seize the initiative and shape its own future."

In this process the joint teams have developed or elaborated concepts of shared services and centers of excellence which will save money while protecting or enhancing the quality and timeliness of the work we do.

The Power of Information
To leverage our human, physical, and technological assets around the world, we have been working on common data structures and seamless information connectivity. The early evidence of success in this area is visible every quarter, as we are the first major company to report earnings results for the previous three-month period. This notion of "seamlessness" in access to and availability of information is critical to our ability to add value as we expand geographically, which we have been doing at an accelerated pace. Projecting our technological and product competence into all of the important markets of the world is a big part of our vision for Alcoa's future. In 1996 we completed the acquisition of Alumix, the largest Italian aluminum company; and we added significantly to our non-U.S. activities in Australia, Hungary, Norway and Brazil while completing a major 30-year alumina supply contract with the China National Nonferrous Metals Industry Corporation. We will continue this global thrust while looking for attractive opportunities to grow in the United States as well. Underpinning our ability to entertain growth opportunities is a conservative financial structure, which we will maintain. Together these elements will ensure that your company, Alcoa, remains the definition of excellence in our industry.

Paul H. O'Neill Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

February 10, 1997

3

