Klaus Kleinfeld
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

It has been said that success happens at the moment when preparation meets opportunity. For Alcoa, 2010 was a year of great opportunity and promise for the future. We were able to seize that opportunity because we were well prepared. Our preparations began in early 2008, when we developed Three Strategic Priorities to guide Alcoa for the future: Profitable Growth, the Alcoa Advantage and Disciplined Execution. To achieve Profitable Growth, we restructured our cost base and reshaped our portfolio to focus on businesses that were number one or two in their markets. The Alcoa Advantage highlighted five corporate levers that provide distinctive competitive advantages to our businesses: talent, technology, customers, procurement and operating system. Disciplined Execution focused on using those advantages to create a high performance culture across Alcoa. Little did we know that in a few months a sharp drop in the price of aluminum and widespread destruction of demand from our customers would test our strategic priorities. The successes of 2010, which put Alcoa on the road to profitable growth, are due to the application of those three priorities. Preparation met opportunity. We used the circumstances of the global financial crisis to strengthen our cost structure and cash position. Building on the concept that "necessity is the mother of invention," in early 2009 we put in place a Cash Sustainability Program to reverse the cash drain caused by the sharp drop in the London Metal Exchange aluminum price and demand destruction in many of our end markets. Thanks to our disciplined execution of that program during the crisis, Alcoa returned to cash-neutral by the end of 2009, and ended 2010 with strong cash flow. The Cash Sustainability Program has proven to be far more than a one-time, "quick fix" for a challenging time. Rather, it has instilled a Company-wide discipline in cash and cost management that will ensure Alcoa's long-term viability and success. It drew heavily on our Strategic Priorities. · We tapped into the Procurement Advantage in a major way. We committed to $1.5 billion in savings in 2009, and to $2.0 billion in savings in 2010. Through the team effort of many Alcoans, we achieved the $2.0 billion target by the end of 2009. Not satisfied with simply continuing this performance, we increased the 2010 target to Exceeded All Cash Sustainability Targets $2.5 billion, and we handily beat that number in spite of significant headwinds coming from material 2010 Cash Sustainability Operational Targets and Actual Performance cost increases and currency exchange rates. Procurement1 Overhead Total Capex2 Working Capital · The story is similar with overhead. We had promised $ Millions $ Millions $ Millions Days Working Capital that we would reach $200 million in overhead cost reductions in 2009 and $400 million by 2010. Again, we beat the two-year target in 2009, increased the $1 250 $1,250 35 $2,643 2 643 $509 509 $500 $ $1,212 34 $2,500 2010 target by $100 million, and exceeded that goal as well. · We committed to dramatically limit the use of capital, reducing total capital expenditures to $1.8 billion in 2009, and to $1.25 billion in 2010. We achieved both of these targets.
2010 Actual
1

2010 Target

2010 Actual
2

2010 Target

2010 2010 Actual Target

2010 2010 Actual Target

Procurement and other productivity

Total Capex includes investments in Ma'aden project

· We achieved a total reduction of 13 days working capital over the last two years, which is approximately a 30% reduction.

Alcoa 2010 Annual Report and Form 10-K

1

Liquidity and Financial Positions Continue to Strengthen
Drove Cash Sustainability savings to the bottom line... Adjusted Income (Loss) ($ Millions)
39 (221) (477)
4Q '08 1Q '09 2Q '09 3Q '09 4Q '09 1Q '10 2Q '10 3Q '10 4Q '10 4Q '08

...efficiently managed cash flows and capex... Free Cash Flow ($ Millions)
1,005 87 176

9

101

139

223 96 (90) (409) (742)
1Q '09 2Q '09 3Q '09

761

(256)

(186)

(22)

4Q '09

1Q '10

2Q '10

3Q '10

4Q '10

...improved liquidity... Cash on Hand ($ Millions)
1,481 1,131 762 851 1,066 1,292 1,344 843 1,543
42.5%

...strengthened the balance sheet
10,578

Debt ($ Millions) & Debt-to-Capital (%)
10,205 10,265 10,073 9,819
38.7%

9,757

9,800 9,309 9,165
34.9%

Gross Debt
4Q '08 1Q '09 2Q '09 3Q '09 4Q '09 1Q '10 2Q '10 3Q '10 4Q '10 4Q '08 1Q '09 2Q '09 3Q '09 4Q '09

Debt-to-Cap
1Q '10 2Q '10 3Q '10 4Q '10

By the end of 2010, Alcoa's financial results showed the success of our Cash Sustainability Program: · Achieved cash from operations of $2.3 billion in 2010 compared to $1.4 billion in 2009, we drove free cash flow from $(257) million in 2009 to $1.2 billion in 2010. This is our best result since 2003. · Net income improved from $(1.15 billion) in 2009 to $254 million in 2010. · With adjusted EBITDA of $2.7 billion, a 653% improvement from 2009, our adjusted EBITDA margin was 12.9%, 11 points better than 2009. · We strengthened the balance sheet by reducing our debt by $654 million, and extended our debt maturity. · Our debt to capital ratio dropped to 34.9% ­ 380 basis points lower than 2009 and back in our target range. · Thanks to our financial and operational initiatives, Alcoa maintained investment grade status through the downturn. We know that savings like these must be sustainable over the long-term. Certainly, there will be challenges along the way, from currency exchange rates to the high cost of energy in some regions ­ both issues that we continue to manage. Yet, with the systemic changes we have put in place, we are well-positioned in 2011 to maximize profitable growth and shareholder value as our end markets begin to mend and aluminum demand increases across most regions. Because of Alcoa's strong global presence, particularly in growth regions, we have an unparalleled opportunity to leverage our improved cost base and to create solutions for our customers that no other competitor can match. Our goal is for Alcoa to capture valuable market share while maintaining profitable growth.

Profitable Growth
Each of Alcoa's business groups has set targets to reflect a Company-wide drive for profitable growth in our operations. In our Upstream business, this means aggressively driving down the cost curve by 2015 ­ from the 30th to 23rd percentile in alumina refining, and from the 51st to the 41st percentile in aluminum smelting. In our Midstream business, Flat-Rolled Products has targeted $2.5 billion in incremental revenue by 2013 ­ growing 50% faster than the industry. In the Downstream segment, Engineered Products and Solutions is targeting $1.6 billion in added revenue in that same time frame. For both the Midstream and Downstream, we expect to see EBITDA margins that exceed historical high levels. To achieve these growth goals, we are building on our recent investments and portfolio changes: · In our joint venture with Ma'aden, the Saudi Arabian Mining Company, we broke ground in October 2010 on the lowest-cost aluminum complex in the world. When complete, the facility will meet the needs of a Middle East hungry for aluminum products to build infrastructure, as well as provide access to nearby markets in India and Asia. With financing for the first phase of the project signed, we are on schedule to begin operations at the smelter and rolling mill in 2013, and to bring online the bauxite mine and alumina refinery in 2014.
2

Alcoa's growth in 2010 was driven by deepening relationships with our valued customers and new partners.

· To support the rebound in the aerospace industry, our Engineered Products and Solutions group made several strategic acquisitions in its fastener business. In purchasing Republic and Van Petty, we expanded our product range; in buying Demicron we gained a foothold in Morocco, where we can most competitively serve the Western European aerospace market; and in agreeing to purchase TransDigm Group Inc. (in January 2011), we are broadening our technology and product base for our aerospace customers. We also added to our portfolio the commercial window business of Traco, which solidifies Alcoa's exterior building and construction systems offerings. · In the growth market of Brazil, we formed a hydropower consortium that guarantees our operations will be 38% energy self-sufficient at very competitive prices. We also brought critical investments online in Brazil, with a 2.1 million metric-tons-per-year expansion at our São Luís refinery in Brazil and the completion of our Juruti mine. · In response to China's rapid growth and soaring demand for cars, consumer electronics and lithographic sheet, we ramped up the capacity at Alcoa's Bohai and Kunshan mills for Flat-Rolled Products. With China consuming a staggering 40% of the world's aluminum and a 36% growth rate in that nation's automotive industry, we are looking at a variety of strategies to grow in the region. · Alcoa's plant in Samara, Russia, is prepared to meet heightened demand from beverage customers in Russia, the Commonwealth of Independent States, Turkey and Eastern Europe. Since Alcoa Samara is the sole domestic can sheet provider in Russia, we are targeting 14% revenue growth in Alcoa Russia from 2010-2013, outpacing the 8% market growth.

Our forecasts are based on an estimated compound annual growth rate of 6.5% (for the period 2010-2020) for the consumption of aluminum ­ a doubling of worldwide demand over the next 10 years that will be driven by urbanization, population growth and environmental and energy concerns. Meeting the 20-year projections for the industry would require the equivalent of four of our Ma'aden/Alcoa bauxite mines; five Ma'aden smelters; and four Ma'aden-sized refineries coming on line every year for the next 10 years. That would equal a $30 billion annual investment for the aluminum industry. Fortunately for Alcoa, we've already made the investments to ensure that we have a solid head start in capturing those growth opportunities. And, with our cash flow the strongest since 2003 and overhead expenses at their lowest level since 1999, we have the cost structure and balance sheet to ensure that our growth will be profitable.

Our Customers
Alcoa's growth in 2010 was driven by deepening relationships with our valued customers and new partners. At the Alcoa Technical Center, I personally hosted visits by the senior leaders of major companies across our customer spectrum, from beverage companies to aerospace and automotive. Each came looking for technological solutions in their quest to be more competitive in global markets. We also reached out to those individuals who specify and purchase our aluminum with a simple yet powerful "Net Promoter Score" tool. It enabled our commercial teams to ask our customers, "How likely is it that you would recommend Alcoa to a friend or colleague...and why or why not?" Our customers' answers are driving major changes in everything from our manufacturing processes to distribution to quality control. This feedback from our customers is what keeps us excited and motivated to continue to push the envelope every day, and to apply our unique capabilities to making our customers stronger. The common denominator among all our customers, whether CEO or purchasing agent, is that aluminum helps them overcome the increasing cost of energy and meet their sustainability goals. They look to Alcoa to develop technologies that can lighten the weight of their products, make them more durable and stronger, and render them infinitely recyclable. A few examples:
Chevrolet Cruze Eco

· Last year, I told you that Chevrolet chose Alcoa's wheels for its new energy-efficient Volt car. Because Chevrolet was so satisfied with a wheel that provides lightweight performance and extends fuel economy, it again chose Alcoa wheels for its latest vehicle. Weighing less than 18 pounds, the wheels help the Cruze Eco achieve an estimated 40 miles per gallon on the highway. Chevrolet is convinced that Alcoa provides lightweight solutions that benefit the environment and enhance their consumers' driving performance, making it a win-win scenario for all.

Alcoa 2010 Annual Report and Form 10-K

3

Peterbilt truck and LvL ONE ® Wheel

Aluminum keyboard

· Our wheels business has been in the forefront of our expanded penetration into the trucking industry, including with fleets like Covenant Transport, Inc., Builders Transportation Co., LLC and Swift Transportation Co., Inc. Alcoa's LvL ONE® Wheels were recognized as a "Top 5 Product of 2010" from Heavy Duty Aftermarket Journal ­ a reputable industry trade publication. The forged LvL ONETM wheels can directly reduce operating expenses through lower fuel costs and increased payload. They reduce individual truck weight up to 1,300 pounds compared to steel options. Alcoa's LvL ONETM wheels bring tangible and immediate benefits to the customer ­ lighter weight, less fuel and lower maintenance costs, high strength and the brightest finish. Alcoa wheels return 75% of their initial purchase price, even after 10 years of use. · In the ground transportation market, we signed an exclusive supplier arrangement with CIMC, a leading specialty truck manufacturer in China, to supply aluminum content for its next generation of tanker trailers. As part of the partnership, Alcoa is pairing its design, engineering and manufacturing expertise with CIMC's fabrication knowledge to produce a lightweight, environmentally friendly tanker-trailer. Through Alcoa's design expertise, we reduced the weight of the trailer by 1,000 kilograms. The vehicles hit the road with Alcoa metal in mid-2010. · When China's BYD Limited, the world's largest battery manufacturer, decided to apply its technology to cars, they turned to Alcoa to train their experts on the lightweighting and other benefits of aluminum, especially in electric cars. · In the defense industry, Alcoa is combining more than a century of experience in aluminum design in the automotive and aerospace industries with its light alloy expertise to deliver blast shields that meet AM General's survivability requirements, while reducing the weight of its HMMWVs. · In the consumer electronics market, consumers want more than functionality in their smartphones, e-readers and notebooks. They also look for higher recycled content in the electronics they buy ­ a combination of "cool" and green ­ which only aluminum can deliver. From 2010 to 2013, we are projecting 30% growth of aluminum in laptops, and an amazing 465% increase in aluminum use in the back panels of LCD televisions. In many consumer electronics applications, we are successfully using Alcoa miniature wire insert fastening systems, which enable our customers to deliver reliable, durable electronics to consumers. · The world's most efficient package, the aluminum can, is more sustainable than ever. The can has reduced its carbon footprint by 44% since 1993, its energy usage by 30%, and overall package weight by 15%. With the highest recycled content of any beverage container at 68% and highest worldwide recycle rate at 69%, it is the ideal "green" package. Alcoa is meeting growing demand for aluminum beverage packaging through increased capacity in its China and Russia facilities. Beyond volume, we have identified a solid opportunity to grow through innovation, especially in shaping and bottle technology. These innovations brought about the sleek aluminum bottle, and the revolutionary surface coating that indicates when a beverage is at its ideal cold temperature. These ground-breaking technologies are changing the way people around the world consume drinks, and they offer our beverage customers yet another chance to add value to their products. · In the aerospace and industrial gas turbine market, Alcoa is working with global customers like General Electric, Siemens, Rolls Royce and Alstom to offer solutions that enable our customers to design even more complex cooling schemes in the airfoil. In addition, Alcoa has launched an advanced casting process that yields dramatically improved performance across the turbine operating environment. As a result, Alcoa Power and Propulsion has been awarded lead supply positions on several next-generation and upgrade gas turbine and aerospace engine designs.

Miller Lite's aluminum pint, using Ball's Alumi-Tek® bottle

4

University of Michigan Football Stadium © UM Photo Services

Juruti, Brazil

Airbus A350 © AIRBUS S.A.S. 2009

· In response to Airbus technical requirements for assembly of its new A350 wide body program, Alcoa has developed a range of highly engineered fastening system solutions. These innovative solutions transform fastener applications beyond conventional use by integrating the function of lightning strike management with the structural fastening of the airplane. · Alcoa's Kawneer unit, the leading supplier of architectural aluminum products and systems for the commercial construction industry, supplied the renowned University of Michigan football stadium with high-performance aluminum products. Our aluminum provides durability to stand up to the wear and tear of over 100,000 fans at the largest college-owned stadium in the U.S., enables unobstructed views of the field action, and improves ventilation during the warmer months of the football season. In all of our end markets, Alcoa is partnering with customers globally to deliver ground-breaking, science-based solutions and innovative new products. We continue to explore new horizons in cutting-edge fields of science, such as biomimicry and nanotechnology. Alcoa's customers can count on us to keep innovating the most advanced products and processes in the future, just as we have done for more than 120 years.

Our Values
In 2010, Alcoa continued to build on its reputation for excellence in sustainability and commitment to our core Values of health and safety. These are Alcoa Values that we never compromise for profit or growth. In 2010, we achieved several best-ever safety performances, with 48% of locations reporting no recordable injuries and 82% of locations reporting zero lost work days ­ an improvement of 20% from an already low base in 2009. Yet we are far from satisfied with our safety performance in 2010 because we experienced the fatalities of three Alcoans and one company contractor. I have personally informed every Alcoa leader that they are only successful if they meet our goals in both safety and business performance. To reinforce that sustainability is an essential business function, in 2010 we created the new position of Alcoa Chief Sustainability Officer and appointed one of our most experienced and senior Alcoans, the former Chief Financial Officer of our Primary Group, to the new role. His first goal is to continue reducing the greenhouse gas footprint of our operations. Our Primary Products business has lowered its CO2 intensity by 5% over 2009 levels and achieved a 22% reduction over 2005 levels, a big step towards our 2030 goal of a 30% reduction. These reductions are the result of our strategic efforts to take advantage of clean hydroelectric power in our operations; quickly share best practices to reduce process emissions; and drive energy efficiency at every location. For our initiatives to recycle and reduce greenhouse gases, Alcoa continues to garner widespread recognition and respect. We were named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for the ninth year in a row, and recognized by BloombergMaplecroft as one of the top three companies in climate-related innovation and carbon management. In Brazil, we were named the sustainable company of the year by the leading business magazine, Exame. To receive this recognition during a period of tremendous expansion in Brazil speaks volumes of Alcoa's high standards of sustainability. Alcoa also became the first aluminum company to receive the Cradle to Cradle® Certification for its primary aluminum, aluminum for packaging and some of its commercial construction products. This independent environmental certification process by a respected agency, McDonough Braungart Design Chemistry, assesses the total impact of a product on human health and the environment. While other metals and materials claim "cradle to grave" recycling, there can be no better validation of the uniquely sustainable characteristics of aluminum, our miracle metal, than that 75% of all aluminum produced is still in use. Alcoa is pioneering the business benefits of recycling through our $24 million expansion of our aluminum
Alcoa 2010 Annual Report and Form 10-K

5

can recycling capacity at Alcoa's Tennessee Operations. Investments like this helped drive the U.S. recycling rate from 54% to 57% in 2010, making progress toward the nationwide goal of 75% by 2015. We were again recognized globally as among the most ethical companies, placing first in the Basic Resources category in the Covalence Ethical Rankings, a top honor that we have earned since the ranking began in 2005. Across all industries and companies, we placed 11th out of the 581 companies tracked. And, Alcoa was once again named the most admired metals company in the world by Fortune magazine. Wherever Alcoa operates, we are an active and productive member of our communities, making an 2010 Month of Service ­ Alcoa Bohai, China impact in the causes that are important to our employees and their families. In China, we received the Multinational Company with Contribution to Public Welfare Award for our work improving communities. Giving back is a value that truly comes to life each October, our worldwide Month of Service. A record 49% of Alcoans shared their time and talents to improve their communities and aid those in need during the 2010 Month of Service. More than 29,000 Alcoans across 24 countries volunteered in nearly 1,000 volunteer events, from math and science tutoring, to boosting literacy, to beautifying parks, planting thousands of trees and cleaning rivers. Joining our Alcoa volunteers working with students in a school in the South Bronx (New York), I saw firsthand the passion and purpose of our employees and the impact they have on their communities.

Alcoa can't wait...for tomorrow
Frankly, among all of the factors that point to a bright future for Alcoa, from market trends to customer needs, none gives me more reason for optimism than the spirit and dedication of our 59,000 Alcoans. They pitched in to bring Alcoa through the economic crisis and they will help us seize the opportunities ahead. Our employees tell us that they are excited to be working for a company that lives by its Values and that is committed to sustainability. They are encouraged that Alcoa will benefit from megatrends such as population growth and migration to urban areas. These demographic shifts require lasting yet cost-effective infrastructure to support them, and an increasing focus on sustainable and environmentally compatible solutions: buildings that heat and cool more efficiently and emit less CO2; cars that deliver fuel efficiency for consumers and meet government emissions standards; trucks and trailers that are lighter, more nimble on the road, and that can take on more payload. Our miracle metal is the solution for a world that doesn't cease to evolve and advance. When the Wright brothers used Alcoa aluminum in the engine casing of their first rudimentary plane, few could have imagined that our metal would be applied so widely in the modern aerospace industry, from commercial planes to the space shuttle. And when Ford made an aluminum-body Model T called the "Fordor" in the 1920s, who could have predicted that our highly engineered metal would be used in so many automotive applications ­ from the engines to the wheels to the body. In countless ways, Alcoa has pioneered the innovations that have created and advanced so many industries. Our imaginations will be stretched in the years to come when we think about technology and ask, "What's next?" A quarter century ago, in the science fiction movie Star Trek IV, one of the characters declared that the most important invention was "transparent aluminum." Today, that is a reality. Thanks to nanotechnology, the Alcoa Technical Center has produced the first pieces of transparent aluminum. Holding it in my hand, I felt the same excitement I had as an eight-year-old child, when my father, an aerospace engineer, brought home what he called a miracle metal ­ shiny and lightweight. Hearing my dad's enthusiasm for what that metal could do was exhilarating ­ it would enable engineers like him to build spacecraft that could venture into outer space. From transparent aluminum to all-electric cars, from today's spacecraft to tomorrow's next breakthrough invention, Alcoa has the technical prowess and proven innovation to explore the ideas of the future. That's why we can state boldly, "Alcoa has a bright future." With the foundation of strong fiscal discipline built during the past two years, the outstanding potential for aluminum, and the unrelenting commitment and hard work of our employees, Alcoa is prepared to seize unprecedented growth opportunities in the global marketplace. Alcoa truly can't wait for tomorrow. Preparation has indeed met opportunity.

Klaus Kleinfeld
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

6

