Fellow Shareholders:
In the 120-year history of Alcoa, 2008 will be
remembered as one of the most volatile years for our
industry. The price of aluminum rose steadily to record
highs in July. By December it had fallen faster than any
time in the history of our industry. As the economic
crisis batters our customers, demand declines sharply.
In this letter I will share with you why, despite those
challenges, I am confident that Alcoa will weather this
“Perfect Storm” and emerge even stronger when the
economy recovers.
When the Board of Directors of Alcoa appointed me
CEO in May, I accepted that role with great respect for
Alcoa’s people and products, and with great hopes for
Alcoa’s future prospects. When the economy turned
just a few months later, I saw first hand the power of
our Company’s long history and experience – Alcoa has
endured and succeeded in tough times before. Our people
are living proof of the old saying, “When the going gets
tough, the tough get going.”
I am proud to be leading Alcoa during these challenging
times. Alcoans are turning this crisis into opportunity.
We’re creating a competitive advantage against companies
less prepared for the economic impact and uncertainties
our industry faces. And we’re using the urgency of this
economic downturn to make changes that will expand
Alcoa’s market share and secure our future.
In this letter, I’ll describe three major reasons for this
optimism. First, our success in strengthening Alcoa’s
strategic fundamentals, customer relationships and
sustainability during 2008. Second, the successful series
of fast actions we took to stay ahead of the worsening
economy. And, third, the bright future for aluminum
and for Alcoa.
Early in the year, we completed a thorough strategic
review for each one of our businesses and moved to
reinforce Alcoa’s strategic fundamentals. Addressing our
largest input cost, we successfully completed the actions
to ensure that 80% of our smelting power will be either
self-generated or covered by long-term power contracts
at least through 2028. In Iceland, we completed the
industry’s most environmentally friendly smelter, giving
us access to some of the most competitively priced and
sustainable energy in the world. To shape our portfolio for
greater profitable growth, we exited the Packaging and
Consumer business, acquired two high growth fastener
businesses and agreed on a cashless asset swap with our
joint venture partner, Orkla. The swap enabled us to exit
a non-core business – soft alloy extrusions – and to gain
full control of two smelters in Norway, which made Alcoa
once again the largest aluminum producer in the world.
And, finally, we very visibly validated the potential of
our downstream business, the Engineered Products and
Solutions Group, which had a record year with a 23%
increase in profitability.
I’ve always felt that customers are the best judge of a
business; in fact, without customers there is no business.
So I’ll share a few highlights of how our customers called
on Alcoa when they were introducing new products in
2008. General Motors chose Alcoa’s lightweight forged
aluminum wheels to enhance range and efficiency for
its new Chevy Volt electric vehicle. To gain product
2
The Chevy
Volt™
Klaus Kleinfeld
President and Chief Executive Officer
differentiation in a very challenging market, Chrysler
picked Alcoa’s attractive and easy to clean Dura-Bright®
wheels for its Dodge and Jeep® models. China’s new civil
aircraft industry chose Alcoa-developed high-performance
alloys and products for China’s first regional jet, the
ARJ21-700.
We also played an important role in China’s biggest event
of 2008 – the Summer Olympic Games in Beijing. A
big hit at the Games were the awe-inspiring architectural
structures. Our Reynolux® aluminum helped to build
the National Indoor Stadium, the massive aerodynamic
roof of Terminal 3 at the Beijing Airport and the roof
of the multipurpose Shenyang Olympic Sports Center
Stadium. The second largest bus producer in the world –
China’s Zhengzhou Yutong Bus Company – chose Alcoa’s
aluminum-intensive body for its environmentally friendly
bus prototype introduced during the 2008 Summer
Olympic Games in Beijing. Because its space frame
technology is 46% lighter, the bus is more fuel- and
emissions-efficient. Other buses at the Olympics also
featured Alcoa’s polished forged aluminum wheels, which
shaved 275 pounds from each bus. China was rightfully
proud of its “green” Olympics; and Alcoa helped to make
it happen.
In the area of sustainability and corporate responsibility,
2008 was another good year for Alcoa. Not only was
Alcoa chosen for the seventh consecutive year for the
Dow Jones Sustainability Index, we were again named one
of the World’s Most Sustainable Companies at the World
Economic Forum in Davos – the only materials company
to achieve that designation. In Barcelona in October, I was
proud to host a session where we shared with 160 thought
leaders research from our Sustainability Fellowship Program
and announced that we will extend the program for six
more years. We will be supporting 90 researchers in areas
like climate change, energy use, water management, and
the development of emerging countries. Here in the U.S.,
we made a $22 million investment to expand recycling
capacity at our Tennessee Operations by nearly 50%.
I am particularly proud that our employees are stepping
up with enthusiasm to help in their communities during
these difficult times. In October, 21,975 Alcoa volunteers
– a 28% increase over 2007 – participated in nearly 700
service events across 26 countries as part of our Month of
Service programs.
As we went to press with this annual report we learned that
Alcoa was ranked first among all global metals companies
in the famous Fortune Most Admired Companies ranking
Alcoa has endured and succeeded in tough
times before. Our people are living proof of the
old saying, ‘When the going gets tough, the
tough get going’... I am proud to be leading
Alcoa during these challenging times. Alcoans
are turning this crisis into opportunity.
3
The Zhengzhou
Yutong Bus
4
Restructuring Actions Incorporate All Improvement Levers
Portfolio Streamlining
• Swap of Sapa stake
for Elkem smelters
• Exit four mid &
downstream
businesses
- Electrical &
Electronic Solutions
- Global Foil
- Cast Auto Wheels
- Transportation
Products Europe
Production Curtailments
• Initiate smelting
curtailments totaling
750 kmt
• Adjust refining capacity
downward by
1.5 million mtpy
Cost & Procurement
Efficiencies
• Workforce reduction
- 13,500 headcount
- 1,700 contractors
• Global salary & hiring freeze
• Procurement actions
on key inputs
• Continued success on
repowering smelting assets
- 1.9 million mt
- Extensions as long as 2043
Liquidity Initiatives
• Suspend share repurchases
• Limit capital spending
- Comply with the law
- Fulfill customer
requirements
- Complete Brazilian
growth
• Secured additional
credit facility
for 2008. This is a public reaffirmation of Alcoa’s
reputation that we can all be proud of.
What makes the accomplishments of 2008 more
satisfying is that they took place in one of the most
difficult environments that I have seen in my career.
Fortunately, we were able to build our response to the
economic crisis on our existing strategic framework –
profitable growth businesses, the Alcoa Advantage
and decisive execution. These are extraordinary times
requiring extraordinary measures.
The economic downturn came fast and hard. Between
July and December, the price of aluminum on the
London Metal Exchange tumbled 56%, a historic
fall that shocked our industry. In a second blow, the
tightened credit market sharply reduced investment
and demand by our customers, especially those in
the commercial transportation, automotive and
construction segments.
Our crisis strategy is based on speed and execution.
By acting fast at the first signs of the weakening economy,
we gained a valuable head start on our competition.
At each step of the economic downturn during the
second half of 2008, we’ve taken the decisive actions that
keep Alcoa ahead of the curve. In July, we began aggressive
headcount reductions in our businesses engaged in
the automotive and commercial transportation markets
to rapidly align our capacity with lower demand. Later
in the summer, we began curtailing production at our
less efficient smelters, a process that continues as demand
declines. In the fall, we suspended share repurchases;
began headcount reductions in our aerospace businesses
to address reductions in demand associated with air
traffic declines and inventory destocking in the supply
chain; instituted worldwide capital spending restrictions;
and reduced by 25% production at one of our major
refineries. Shortly after the financial crisis erupted, we
moved quickly to obtain a $1.9 billion credit line before
the cost of credit sky-rocketed, increasing by nearly 60%
our short-term debt capacity. A total of $5.2 billion of
revolving credit facilities give us valuable flexibility and
staying power to cope with the continuing crisis.
Since the economic crisis continued into the first months
of 2009, I will expand the timeline of this letter to share
with you our post-2008 actions to protect Alcoa’s balance
sheet and preserve our ability to grow in the long term.
In early January 2009, we announced wide-ranging
restructuring actions to reduce costs and conserve
cash by applying four levers – production curtailments,
portfolio streamlining, cost and procurement efficiencies,
and liquidity enhancements. The impact of those
actions is significant. We have begun reduction of 18%
of our smelter production and 13% of our workforce,
negotiated savings of more than 20% in procurement
5
of several key raw materials, exited four low-growth
businesses, and reduced capital expenditures by 50%
from 2008 levels.
As the market continued to deteriorate going into
the new year we took additional actions to further
strengthen our liquidity. In late January we launched a
companywide Cash Sustainability Program. Recognizing
the continuing economic uncertainty, we’ve structured
the program to address several possible economic
scenarios. Guided by those scenarios, we have project
teams working five levers that offer the potential for
short-term cash benefits – overhead, procurement,
working capital, operations and transactions. Our goal is
for our operations to be at least cash neutral even in the
case of a prolonged difficult economic environment.
As you can imagine, the execution of the restructuring
and the Cash Sustainability Program is a tremendous
challenge. In fact, with customers facing tremendous
stress themselves, and suppliers going bankrupt, “normal
operations” are all too rare these days. We can be very
proud of the project managers who are performing
double duty in developing the new programs and of
our employees who are stepping up to the challenge of
executing them.
I personally feel a great sense of responsibility to our
employees, and to you, our shareholders, to ensure
that all this effort and sacrifice will pay off in the long
run. We are working every possible lever, reacting to
every new crisis. We will not take our eye off the future.
Inevitably, the economy will recover. All our actions are
intended to ensure that Alcoa weathers the economic
storm now and that we emerge even stronger when that
recovery happens.
For me, it’s exciting to be leading a Company with
such good long-term prospects. I’ve seen from Alcoa’s
history how the company has thrived after previous
downturns. In this case, I am personally confident that
many of the actions we are taking during the crisis, from
streamlining our portfolio to improving the efficiency
and productivity of our operations, will make us more
competitive in the future. And we are in a business built
on a miracle metal. So that you feel the same sense
of enthusiasm and anticipation for Alcoa’s future,
I’ll share with you why I believe that aluminum has such
a bright future.
This lightweight, high strength, high conductivity,
malleable, infinitely recyclable and wholly sustainable
metal has become an essential part of the fabric of
our lives; from aerospace to construction, defense and
Aluminum Prospects Remain Bright
Aluminum Benefits Megatrends
Demographics
Global population
• 2006: 6.6 billion
• 2025: 7.9 billion
• 2050: 9.1 billion
Urbanization
Population living in cities
• 2006: >50%
• 2030: >60%
Environment
• Total energy consumption
to increase by 54% until
2025: >60% from
developing countries
• Person transport rates
+40% by 2030
Aluminum Demand
(million mt)
Aluminum Outlook
+ =
Relative
Price
Lightweight
High
Strength
Durable
Highly
Conductive
Non-
Corrosive
Malleable
Recyclable
2008 2018
37
70
Europe/
ME/Africa
Asia Americas
6%
CAGR
6
Klaus Kleinfeld
President and Chief Executive Officer
March 12, 2009
Coca-Cola Aluminum Bottles
transportation to consumer electronics and packaging.
And aluminum is becoming even more indispensable,
given the impact of current events and the megatrends of
demographic change, urbanization, energy scarcity and
environmental stewardship.
With infrastructure stimulus programs in the developed
world and the dramatic growth of cities in developing
countries, the demand for aluminum for construction
and mass transit will increase exponentially. And as
environmental considerations become more important,
such as the “green building” movement, aluminum’s
lightweight characteristics will enable it to take share
from other metals and materials.
Take the beverage markets. The new aluminum bottle
is one of the most exciting innovations in packaging
today; everything about it says “cool” – consumers love it
because it’s ice-cold to the touch, has an edgy look
and is 100% recyclable. Major beverage brands and
breweries are eager to use this lighter bottle – it appeals
to consumer taste, reduces their transportation costs
and increases their contributions to a sustainable
environment. It wins on all fronts.
As the growing populations in the developing world
seek consumer electronics products – laptops, music
devices, flat panel TVs and mobile phones – aluminum
is quickly becoming the material of choice for companies
like Apple, Dell, HP and even Amazon with its new
Kindle2 e-book reader. They all are looking for lighter
weight, stylistic surfaces and recyclability. And as these
electronics get smaller, thinner and lighter, the superior
thermal management characteristics of aluminum
present a world of new possibilities for Alcoa.
In the global aerospace and defense markets, aluminum
will continue to be vital. Alcoa created 90% of the
advanced alloys required by Airbus and Boeing aircraft.
We’re also finding new partners among the community
of defense contractors building the next generation of
military aircraft and ships. When the call went out to
improve the armor on vehicles in Iraq, Alcoa answered.
Aluminum is part of the answer to a challenged
automotive industry. With an increasing focus on
improved fuel economy and emissions reduction, we’re
helping car manufacturers explore ways to improve
performance and reduce weight. Some estimate that by
2020, aluminum consumption in light vehicles will grow
from 17 billion to 28 billion pounds.
Alcoa’s competitive position to seize these opportunities
is unmatched, both today and tomorrow. Thanks to
our swift actions to anticipate and respond to the
economic downturn, we have the liquidity and flexibility
that give us a competitive advantage in addressing today’s
challenges and uncertainties. Once we complete our
announced portfolio moves, more than 90% of our
revenue will be generated by businesses ranking #1 or
#2 in their markets; together with our strong customer
and governmental relationships, that leading position
will give us a powerful advantage during the downturn
and once the economy recovers. The combination of the
bright future of aluminum, Alcoa’s innovative advantages
and our committed and talented workforce offers
tremendous prospects for Alcoa’s long-term growth.
I began this letter by highlighting my commitment
and confidence in leading Alcoa through these
extraordinary times. We will weather this storm and
we will come out stronger than ever. I’m pleased to
close by affirming the extraordinary opportunities in
Alcoa’s future. The axiom, “crisis creates opportunity” is
nowhere more true than at Alcoa.