Fellow Shareowners:
Last year I wrote about how Alcoa’s Vision of aspiring to be the best company in the world is about delivering sustained financial performance, while building for the future and delivering on all of Alcoa’s seven Values. This is the goal that
all 131,000 Alcoans across the globe are striving for every day.
Alain Belda, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
A favorable external business environment contributed to our per- formance. The global economy grew
at its fastest pace (+4.4%) in the last two decades. Aluminum consumption increased by almost 9%, and aluminum prices were up 21%. Several of our
key markets – notably aerospace and commercial vehicles – moved to a cyclical upturn after declining trends over the past two to three years.
However, these favorable trends were countered by a weakening
U.S. dollar and significant cost issues, notably energy and input costs such as resins, carbon-based materials, and alloy materials. Currency and energy alone in 2004 negatively impacted our earnings by more than $300 million compared to 2003.
In 2004 – facing the headwinds
of rising costs and currency challenges – Alcoans delivered the highest annual revenue and the second-highest prof- itability in the Company’s history. Strong cash flows allowed us to not only reduce debt by approximately $2 billion over the last two years, but also to invest in numerous growth projects around the world for the Company’s future. And we did all of this while we continued to live the Values that are the core
of our Company, achiev-
ing, for example, a Lost
Workday rate of 0.09
for the first time, while
improving our Total
Recordable Rate for the
18th year in a row.
2004 Financial Results
Our 2004 financial results included:
• Income from continuing operations of $1.4 billion, a 33% increase vs. 2003, and our second straight year of double-digit earnings growth;
• Revenue of $23.5 billion, an 11% increase vs. 2003;
• A debt-to-capital ratio decline
to 30.0%, the lowest in five years;
• Disciplined use of capital to fuel growth projects. 2004 capital spending was $1.1 billion, or 95% of deprecia- tion, with approximately one-third used on growth initiatives. In 2005, we expect to invest approximately $2.5 billion on capital projects,
with nearly two-thirds dedicated
to growth projects; and
• Improving the Company’s return on capital (ROC) to 8.4%, up 140 basis points from last year.
On our ROC goal, we again improved this year, but we have more work to do. Our 2004 ROC was 8.4%, which improved from 7.0% a year ago. However, the first quintile entry point is currently 18.5%, so we will continue to work to profitably grow and improve our results.
Our cost-savings program, as previously mentioned, was held back
In 2004 – facing the headwinds of rising costs and currency challenges – Alcoans delivered
the highest annual revenue and the second-highest profitability in the Company’s history.
As strong as our 2004 financial results were, we are confident we can
do better. The ultimate measure of success is growth in shareholder value during the year and over a period. Our 2004 return was –15.7%, obviously a disappointment. However, the combined 2003/04 return is +44% compared to +31% for the S&P 500.
Stock performance is a mix of past performance, future expectations, and shareholder options. The best answer to improved shareowner returns is consis- tent, transparent, and improved perfor- mance. And this is what our plans are all about. We remain committed to our key financial goals:
• Profitable Growth – Continuing the drive to profitably grow revenues
as well as to join the first quintile of the S&P Industrials, measured in terms of ROC; and
• Cost Savings – Achieving $1.2 billion in cost savings by 2006. In 2005, this cost-savings initiative – our third three- year program since 1998 – will be used to help offset cost increases across the business and bolster profitability.
by rising costs in 2004. We expect this to contin- ue to be a challenge in 2005. We project approx- imately $600 million in cost increases from ener- gy, labor, raw materials, and currencies. Our
cost-savings plans for 2005 indicate we will be able to offset most, if not all, of these increases. But this will require substantial effort in planning, focusing effort, and execution at all levels of the organization and across our global businesses, which is why our structure and culture are so vital.
Building for the Future
We have taken many steps to position and align your Company to capture growth opportunities and expand – both through new geographies as well as expanding current assets.
In late 2004, we realigned the Company along six global platforms to better serve customers and increase the ability to capture efficiencies. We also centralized purchasing on a global basis to improve our costs and better use our leverage. As we moved to strengthen the global business structures, we also creat- ed strong regional leadership to ensure that we maintain optimum relationships.
1
  
In addition, we combined functional groups such as ABS (Alcoa Business System), Customer and Marketing Services, EHS, People, and Quality to accelerate the culture changes in order to achieve our Vision and emphasize the ABS philosophy that “people are the linchpin of ABS.”
As you will see in the pages of
this report, we are expanding across
our markets, using the tenets of ABS, to help our customers grow their businesses. We expect the combination of our
global business structure, our functional resources, and our R&D expertise to continue to spur profitable organic growth and share gains across the world.
Upstream – Restarts and
Growth Projects
To take advantage of the strong alu- minum market, we are restarting several smelters. When complete, these restarts will add 220,000 metric tons per year (mtpy) of production in 2005, leaving us with idle capacity of 361,000 mtpy. Restart progress has been made at:
1) the Aluminerie de Bécancour, Inc. (ABI) facility in Quebec, following the end of a strike there. This strike resulted in a significant cost to the Company, but was necessary to enable the long- term flexibility we need to operate efficiently; 2) the Wenatchee smelter in Washington, USA, after the successful resolution of an issue regarding health- care cost-sharing. The plant had been idle since 2001, and the resolution
of this issue helped save 400 jobs; and 3) the Massena East and West smelters in New York, USA, where we are
now running at full capacity.
In addition to restarts, we began steps to expand our upstream operations that will benefit the Company for years, if not decades, to come. For example, we broke ground in Iceland on Alcoa Fjar aál,theCompany’sfirstgreenfield smelter in more than 20 years. This hydropowered smelter, which is sched- uled to come on line in 2007, will
be among the most environmentally friendly in the world.
In Norway, we have agreed to build a new anode plant in Mosjøen, together with Elkem ASA, that will supply the AlcoaFjar aálsmelterinIcelandand the Mosjøen smelter in Norway, which is 50% held by Alcoa and Elkem.
Alcoa Aluminio in Brazil also broke ground on an expansion that will increase its share of the Alumar smelting operations in São Luis by 30%, or 63,000 mtpy, bringing Alcoa Aluminio’s share of smelting capacity there to 262,000 mtpy, and Alcoa’s share of overall output will grow from 54% to 60%. The expansion was facilitated
by completion of a new, 20-year hydropower agreement.
We signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) under which Alcoa and the Government of the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago will build a state-of-the-art, environmentally friendly aluminum smelter and related facilities in Trinidad. The smelter will utilize power produced by Trinidad and Tobago’s vast natural gas fields, which will then be converted into low-cost electricity for the smelter. We are now working with the government to finalize the project plan.
Clarendon, we announced plans to fur- ther expand by at least an additional 1.5 million mtpy. This new expansion would more than double the refinery’s total capacity to at least 2.8 million mtpy. In addition, Alcoa World Alumina and Chemicals (AWAC) ownership in the refinery will move from 50% to 70%.
AWAC is also a lead partner in a project exploring the feasibility for devel- oping jointly with the Government of the Republic of Guinea a 1.5 million mtpy alumina refinery there. A detailed feasi- bility study for the refinery is expected
to be completed by mid-2005, with final costs, investment decisions, and con- struction to begin shortly thereafter.
A 600,000 mtpy efficiency upgrade of the Pinjarra, Australia, alumina refinery continues to be on-track for completion by the end of 2005. And Suralco, owned by AWAC, completed
a 250,000 mtpy expansion to its Paranam alumina refinery in Suriname well ahead of schedule. This brings that facility’s total capacity to approximately 2.2 million mtpy.
Portfolio Realignment and Expanding our Footprint
We continued to review and rebalance our portfolio to better focus on our core businesses, while also making progress on acquisitions that will enhance our competitive position.
In 2005 and for a few years there- after, one of our chief challenges will
be the successful and ongoing integration and investment in two fabricating facili- ties that we purchased this year in Samara and Belaya Kalitva in the Russian Federation. The addition of the two Russian fabricating facilities – which feature cast house, flat-rolled products, extrusions, tubes, and forgings capabili- ties – will allow the Company to serve both the growing Russian market and globalcustomersinEurope,Asia,and the Americas, giving us substantial com- petitive and comparative advantages.
We reached an agreement with Fujikura Ltd. that paves the way for Alcoa to obtain full ownership of
the Alcoa Fujikura (AFL) Automotive business. In return, Fujikura will obtain complete ownership of the AFL Telecommunicationsbusiness.AFL Automotive is a large part of Alcoa’s approximately $3 billion automotive franchise, and this transaction increases our position in this market.
Return on Capital
percent
20 15 10
5 0
02 03 04
Top Quintile S&P Industrials
Alcoa ROC
             Bloomberg Methodology calculates ROC based on the trailing 4 quarters
In Ghana, we have signed an MOU with the Government of the Republic of Ghana to develop an inte- grated aluminum industry that would include bauxite mining, alumina refin- ing, aluminum production, and rail transportation infrastructure upgrades. We have begun expedited feasibility studies that are expected to be complet- ed in 2006, at which time both parties willnegotiatedefinitiveagreements
as well as total investment costs. The MOU calls for the initial restart of 120,000 mtpy at the jointly owned 200,000 mtpy Valco smelter in Tema, Ghana, which is currently idled.
Our alumina refining system is
also expanding significantly with an
eye toward sustained, long-term growth. Inall,weareworkingonexpansions that total more than 4 million mtpy. In Jamaica, for example, following on the heels of a 250,000 mtpy expansion of the Jamalco alumina refinery in
  2

During the course of 2004, we completed the portfolio restructuring efforts announced in January 2003, including the sale of Packaging Equipment, Huck Automotive Fasteners, Specialty Chemicals, the Russellville (AR) and St. Louis (MO) foil locations, and Itaipava. In addition, we completed
the sale of Integris Metals to Ryerson Tull and transferred our interest in the Juruti bauxite reserves that had been acquired through the Reynolds acquisi- tion to AWAC.
In China, we received approval
to form our joint venture with the Aluminum Corporation of China, Ltd., (Chalco) at Pingguo and continue to move this project, as well as our Bohai rolling mill initiative, through various government approvals and negotiations. Both of these projects will enhance our position in the fastest-growing markets in the aluminum industry.
Within other businesses of the Company we also continued to expand our footprint, opening facilities in new geographies in order to serve customers effectively and efficiently, including operations in Romania (extrusions), Honduras (wire harnesses), and Egypt (closures).
Living our Values
At Alcoa we live our Values every day. They are the guide to how we operate our business. Our Values require us
to think and act not only on the present challenges, but also with the legacy in mind that we leave for those that will come after us... as well as the commit- ments made by those that came before us. We think of it in terms of a relay race, where each one of us adds value today and long term for all shareowners, Alcoans, and the communities in which we operate.
Environment, Health and Safety – Our lost workday rate of 0.09 (injuries per 200,000 work hours) for 2004 was the best in our history. During the year, we had 258 million hours worked with
116 incidents, and more than four out of five Alcoa locations did not have a single lost workday. Despite that significant progress, we suffered three fatalities: two Alcoans and a contractor working on our site. We continue to investigate these incidents to root cause, as well as other incidents with significant fatality risk,
to eliminate or control them in our
Lost Workday (LWD) Incident Rate
injuries per 200,000 work hours
05
96 97 98 99 00 01 02 03 04 Milestone
116 LWD in 258 million hours worked in 2004
Alcoa*
Including Acquisitions
* Excludes recently acquired locations
.49
.46
    .36
  .23
 .18
.19
.16 .15
.16
   .12
 .09 .09
.075
    0
workplace. We can do better, and we owe it to ourselves and our families to move more rapidly toward creating a zero-incident workplace. In 2005, we will place further focus on this vital area.
This year we maintained Alcoa’s leadership position on climate change by meeting and holding the goal of reducing greenhouse gas emissions by 25% from 1990 levels. We helped devel- op a global sustainability model with the International Aluminium Institute. Under the most likely scenario in that model, the industry will become “green- house gas neutral” by 2017 – the first and perhaps only industry that will be able to make that claim. A presentation on the model received “Best Paper” honors at The Minerals, Metals & Materials Society (TMS) conference
in Washington, D.C.
SOX and Internal Audit – Regulatory requirements associated with Sarbanes- Oxley (SOX) represented one of the most significant challenges faced in 2004. Responding to these, we devel- oped and implemented a comprehensive set of controls through the use of self- assessment documentation and testing. In addition, we conducted over 140 Finance and IT SOX reviews, as well as 300 scheduled process/location audits. As of year-end, Alcoa was able to clearly demonstrate an effective internal control system. To ensure compliance through- out the organization, we spent nearly $10 million this year auditing and testing our controls. The result is an even stronger control environment, with less rework and waste.
Alcoa Foundation, Community Framework, and Sustainability – Alcoa Foundation increased its 2004 payout by 14%, with grants totaling $17 million in 34 countries, up from nearly $15 million in 2003. Alcoa’s employee engagement activities reached new heights in 2004. Our programs, designed to encourage and reward active participation in com- munities, saw a 39% increase in 2004,
resulting in more than $2 million being contributed on behalf of Alcoans.
We also made great strides in
increasing the understanding of both external and internal audiences of our sustainability activities across the globe, including the online publication of five regional reports to augment our corpo- rate report on our social, economic, and environmental impacts. Our overall sustainability efforts have been recog- nized as among the best in the world by Innovest and Corporate Knights at a ceremony held at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland.
Delivering Both Short- and Long-Term
As we look into 2005, market conditions remain strong. Both the alumina and primary aluminum markets continue to be in a deficit where demand exceeds supply, and key downstream markets
are recovering.
While we will continue to experi-
ence cost and currency pressures, we are applying rigor toward sustained cost- savings programs to help offset external market conditions. Your Company is actively pursuing growth opportunities – both in operations and through helping our customers succeed in the market- place. And our focus is on delivering both short-term and long-term results.
I am confident that Alcoa will achieve its goals. I can express this confi- dence knowing how Alcoans deliver when we focus on the task at hand, using the tools at our disposal, and with total commitment. Our personal and professional pride drives our talented people across the globe as we strive to become the best company in the world.
Alain J. P. Belda
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 18, 2005
 3
