In 2009, the aluminum industry faced one of the toughest years I have seen in my over 40 years at Alcoa. Our Company's response was quick and decisive, strengthening Alcoa's Alain J. P. Belda, Chairman balance sheet for maximum liquidity. By successfully managing for cash, the Alcoa team achieved the staying power to weather the economic storm, the flexibility to seize opportunities, and the security to stay focused on the future. Besides being proud of our team's success in navigating troubled economic waters, I am also encouraged that once again we've seen the amazing resilience of our great Company. For more than 120 years, Alcoa has survived a Depression and downturns, crashes and crises, booms and busts. Alcoa's deep roots and solid foundation helped us withstand the crisis of 2009 and will keep us strong in the future. In this, my final letter to you, our shareholders, I'd like to share with you why I am so confident in Alcoa's future. Alcoa has always been a company that shaped the future, both for itself and for society. Our founder was a visionary inventor who saw a commercial future for a miracle metal. From those beginnings, we've made aluminum take shape in ways that have seemed like sheer magic. Aluminum was part of the engine on the first flight at Kitty Hawk, and today it forms the essential elements ­ engines, wings, fuselage, and fasteners ­ of every aircraft in service all across the globe. Our metal is on the satellites in the sky, on the spaceships that put them in orbit, and on the robots that roam Mars. Today, Alcoa continues innovating with new products, advanced manufacturing and environmental solutions. In 2009, the Alcoa Technical Center hosted customers and partners from around the world who learned how to apply our innovation to their products ­ Rusnano, the Russian nanotechnology venture; COMAC, the Chinese aircraft manufacturer; Korea's Samsung; Europe's Airbus; and some of America's most innovative companies such as Boeing, Coca-Cola and Lockheed Martin. Despite the crisis, we continued projects that improved our future profitability and strategic options ­ completing the Juruti mine and São Luís refinery expansion in Brazil, the upgrade at the Samara plant in Russia, and the lithographic sheet line in China. Even in a good year, game-changing modernization projects in three of the four BRIC countries would be considered a great achievement. Alcoa's international presence provided tremendous flexibility during the crisis. When traditional Western suppliers of raw materials balked at reducing prices,

we tapped into our global supply chain for cheaper sources in other regions. When falling aluminum demand and prices forced us to curtail less competitive plants, we shifted production to regions where energy costs were lowest. Thanks to our international acquisitions and expansions of the past decade, we had options to deal with the consequences of the economic crisis. Our strong values foundation had a great impact on our success. An unwavering focus on the health and safety of our employees generated a loyalty and commitment that sustained Alcoans through the darkest times. Our steady response to the dire needs of their communities gave them and the Company respect in the eyes of their families and neighbors. We continued our relentless attention to sustainability ­ reducing greenhouse gas emissions, investing in reforestation at our Amazon and Australian operations, participating in climate change coalitions, building lightweight and energy efficient products, leading recycling campaigns. Through it all, Alcoa earned welldeserved recognition as one of the world's most respected corporate citizens. This was a year that tested us all, and Alcoans met the test. Klaus Kleinfeld and his leadership team formulated a successful crisis strategy, and every Alcoan pitched in with hard work and creativity in its flawless execution. Our Alcoa Directors provided our Company's leaders with wise counsel while vigilantly looking out for the long term interests of our shareholders as our company responded to constantly changing markets, energy prices and currency values. As I say farewell to all those who have had a stake in Alcoa's success, I am confident that our Company is in the able hands of Klaus Kleinfeld ­ an outstanding leader, experienced CEO and passionate advocate of Alcoa's Values. Knowing that the Alcoa culture and enduring Values are alive throughout the ranks of the Company, and that no other aluminum company has the global breadth, scale and technology of Alcoa, I leave optimistic that all of our shareholders can look forward to a bright future for Alcoa. Finally, I want to thank all those who have worked alongside me and helped me during these past four decades. I am especially grateful to my predecessor, Paul O'Neill, for his insights and inspiration, and to our Directors, particularly my fellow retirees Frank Thomas and Henry Schacht for their combined 49 years of service to Alcoa. And to all those Alcoans who have done so much to make Alcoa the great company it is today, you have my lasting gratitude.

Alain J. P. Belda, Chairman
Alcoa 2009 Annual Report and Form 10-K 1

