2
CASH SUSTAINABILITY PROGRAM
Operational Achievements
• Procurement Effi ciencies
• Overhead Rationalizations
• CapEx Reductions
Annual CapEx post 2009
• Working Capital Initiatives
Financial Achievements
• Asset Dispositions
Net Proceeds
• Dividend Reduction
Annual Cash Savings
• Equity and Equity-Linked
Financings
Gross Proceeds
$1,998M
$412M
$850M
$1,100M
$430M
$1,400M
$1,302M
Klaus Kleinfeld
President and Chief Executive Offi cer
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
TURNING CRISIS INTO OPPORTUNITY
In reviewing Alcoa’s performance in 2009, it’s clear that we
not only weathered the economic storm of the past year
and a half, we capitalized on the crisis to reposition Alcoa to
succeed in a changed economic landscape.
By early 2009, the price of aluminum had dropped more
than 50% since its peak in 2008; we were witnessing broad
demand destruction in our key end markets; and the credit
market had virtually dried up. This “triple threat” demanded
that we take rapid and bold action to build cash reserves to
weather the crisis.
We had the commitment and energies of the global team of
Alcoans, the leaders and workers who responded quickly to
keep Alcoa on course. They ensured the sustainable success
of our Company through their many actions that enabled us
to conserve cash, reduce our cost structure and reshape
our portfolio to focus on the most profi table businesses.
Because of that swift action, today Alcoa is stronger
operationally and fi nancially, and better prepared to lead
our industry in the future.
In 2009, the Alcoa team truly went the extra mile – applying
ingenuity and old-fashioned hard work to pull our Company
through the economic storm. They were motivated by the
confi dence that comes from working for a very special
company, and by the knowledge that they had the steadfast
support of our shareholders.
Early in 2009, when the crisis was at its worst, we
determined that managing for cash must be our top priority.
We realized that strengthening liquidity represented the
most promising way to address the economic uncertainty
and the continuing credit crunch, and to ensure we had the
means to move quickly when the economy recovered and
demand picked up. We developed a holistic solution –
the Cash Sustainability Program (CSP) – that included seven
fi nancial and operational goals that, when achieved together,
would strengthen our balance sheet, restore liquidity and
make our Company free-cash-fl ow neutral by the end of
2009. We considered those goals to be “seven promises” to
our investors. By the end of 2009, we kept every one of those
promises and in several areas we over-delivered.
By applying the fi nancial levers, we secured:
• $1.1 billion from asset dispositions. We divested lowgrowth
assets and businesses where we had a small
market share and we redeemed our shares in Rio Tinto
for a premium.
• $430 million from our dividend reduction.
• $1.4 billion in equity and equity-linked fi nancings.
Despite extremely tight markets, the promise of the
Cash Sustainability Program resulted in offerings that
were quickly over-subscribed during the dark days of
March 2009.
We also over-delivered on the operational levers:
• $1.998 billion in procurement savings, from raw materials
to services to maintenance and transportation. By the end
of 2009, our spend reduction teams had already met our
2010 target.
• $412 million in overhead cost reductions – surpassing our
2009 target by more than $200 million.
Alcoa 2009 Annual Report and Form 10-K 3
• $1.816 billion reduction in capital expenditures over
2008, which brought the total down to $1.622 billion,
beating our $1.8 billion target. We focused on completing
those projects that lower our cost position and provide the
greatest opportunity for future growth.
• $1.302 billion reduction in working capital – exceeding our
2009 target by 63%.
By fulfi lling the seven promises, executing on all these
fi nancial and operational levers, Alcoa has reinforced the
confi dence of the fi nancial markets. The Company’s closing
share price recovered from its low of $5.22 (March 6, 2009)
to $16.12 on December 31, 2009 – a 209% increase during a
period when the Dow increased 57%. Affi rming the impact
of our fi nancial actions on Alcoa’s liquidity, our Company’s
credit default risk decreased signifi cantly during this period.
Even with so much of our energies and attention focused on
managing for cash throughout 2009, we also maintained a
parallel focus on Alcoa’s growth. We reshaped the Company’s
portfolio so that today roughly 90% of our businesses hold
the #1 or #2 competitive position in their markets. And, we
made several strategic investments that improve Alcoa’s cost
position within the industry.
We organically grew our businesses and with that,
strengthened our strategic and operational fundamentals
and positioned Alcoa in high-growth regional markets.
• In Russia, our Samara plant commissioned a state-ofthe-
art coating line for high-quality aluminum sheet.
Alcoa is the only company that can produce can sheet
as well as end and tab material in Russia. We are now
uniquely positioned to supply Russia’s growing beverage
packaging, construction and aerospace markets.
• In China, our Bohai plant in Qinhuangdao launched
the largest lithographic sheet line in China. Alcoa now
produces the highest quality aluminum sheet in China for
the printing, transportation, electronics and packaging
industries.
• In Brazil, we commissioned the new bauxite mine in Juruti
and completed the expansion of our Alumar alumina
refi nery in São Luís, Brazil, more than doubling capacity
to 3.5 million tons per year. These two Brazilian expansion
projects increase Alcoa’s competitiveness by reducing cost
and moving our refi ning system down to the top quartile on
the global cost curve in terms of low-cost production.
In addition, we made several strategic transactions:
• We completed a cashless asset swap with our joint venture
partner, Orkla, divesting our minority position in soft
alloy extrusions, and strengthening our smelting position
by adding the two smelters at Mosjøen and Lista, and
the Mosjøen anode plant in Norway. This increased our
global smelting capacity to more than 4.8 million metric
tons, bringing Alcoa back as the world’s largest primary
aluminum producer.
• Obtained full ownership of an asset with long-term value,
we bought out BHP Billiton’s 45% share in the bauxite and
alumina refi ning interests in Suriname.
• We redeemed our investment in the Shining Prospect joint
venture with Chinalco, which yielded Alcoa $1.021 billion, a
premium of more than three times the then-present value.
• We sold our wire harness and electrical distribution business.
• We signed a joint venture agreement with Ma’aden,
the Saudi Arabian Mining Company, to develop a fully
integrated, world-class aluminum complex in the Kingdom
of Saudi Arabia. It will consist of a mine, refi nery, smelter
and rolling mill all connected by a solid infrastructure
provided by the Saudi government. When completed, the
complex will be the world’s preeminent and lowest-cost
supplier of primary aluminum, alumina and aluminum
products. The enterprise will be built so it can expand as
the Saudis complete their plan for industry clusters and
as the markets in the Middle East realize their future
growth potential.
We continued our initiatives to secure low-cost power for
our existing facilities. For our Intalco facility in the U.S.
Northwest region, federal and state offi cials supported
Alcoa in obtaining a heavily contested power contract. At our
Massena smelter, the Governor of New York supported an
agreement that ensured competitive rates for Alcoa from
the New York Power Authority. In return, we committed to
curtail only half of our local smelting capacity and to retain
part of the workforce to keep the plant ready for re-start and
prepare it for future modernization.
ALCOA DEBT & EQUITY
Source: Bloomberg
Alcoa Share Price ($)
Alcoa July 2013 Debt Yield (%)
1/1/09
2/1/09
3/1/09
4/1/09
5/1/09
6/1/09
7/1/09
8/1/09
9/1/09
10/1/09
11/1/09
12/1/09
12/31/09
4.00
5.00
6.00
7.00
8.00
9.00
10.00
11.00
12.00
13.00
14.00
15.00
16.00
17.00
4
LvL One™
wheel
OUR CUSTOMERS
When it comes to the reputation of Alcoa’s products, our
customers are the best judge. Last year, we saw some
great customer relationships get stronger and we won the
confi dence of important new customers. We’re building
that success on Alcoa’s unsurpassed technology and the
sustainable features of aluminum.
We launched a new line of commercial wheels that reduces
truck weight by 600 to1,300 pounds versus steel options.
The LvL One™ wheel is the industry’s lightest forged
aluminum wheel, yet it’s stronger than any previous Alcoa
forged truck wheel. The lighter weight increases fuel
economy and payload for trucking customers at a time when
they are coping with the impact of the economic downturn.
To help them determine how much they’re saving from
using LvL One™ wheels, we developed an online Web tool,
CalcuLighter™ that provides instantaneous fi nancial data.
We developed a lighter and more fuel-effi cient hauler for
Brazilian sugarcane growers that is about 35% lighter than
its steel counterpart. The seven-ton reduction allows sugar
haulers to boost their payload, consume 7% less fuel, and
reduce CO2 emissions.
In China, Alcoa and COMAC (Commercial Aircraft
Corporation of China Ltd.) are jointly working on the
design and development of a new 190-seat passenger jet,
the C919, which will be the largest passenger jet to be
produced in China. Our goal is to help design an effi cient,
high-performance commercial airliner for COMAC that will
compete in the global aerospace market.
In the land, sea and air components of the defense sector,
Alcoa’s business has been growing as the military taps into
the unique performance benefi ts of aluminum – maximum
protection and mobility.
Building on Alcoa’s new presence in the oil and gas
sector, we announced a joint collaboration with Cameron,
a Texas-based leader in the drilling industry. We will be
commercializing aluminum drilling riser systems for
offshore oil and gas exploration and development. Our
combined expertise will allow existing drilling vessels to
explore in deeper depths than conventional steel risers.
After our aluminum bus prototypes were introduced during
the 2008 Summer Olympic Games in Beijing, China’s
Zhengzhou Yutong Bus Company rolled two Alcoa-Yutong
buses into revenue service in August 2009 in Zhengzhou
city bus service, beginning a multi-month test phase. Then,
in December, the Yutong Bus Company announced that it
was creating a separate division and production facility to
produce aluminum-intensive and other specialty buses
that feature Alcoa’s aluminum spaceframe technology
as well as wheels, fasteners and sheet – proof of China’s
growing emphasis on lightweight, environmentally friendly
transportation solutions.
OUR VALUES
Throughout this diffi cult year, Alcoa remained true to
the Company’s enduring Values. In fact, those Values
were indispensable to guiding us through the crisis and
to maintaining our best-in-industry reputation.
Refl ecting our emphasis on one of our core Values –
the health and safety of our employees – Alcoans have
some of the best processes, systems and metrics for
safety in the world. Each and every one of our employees
is an ambassador for safety in our facilities, and all of us
take it personally. We achieved Alcoa’s best-ever safety
performance as measured by the lost workday incident rate
and the total recordable incident rate, which improved 7%
and 9%, respectively, in 2009 over 2008.
Sustainability is another Value that is important to Alcoa.
Focusing on environmental care, we are successfully
reducing emissions while improving our own production
practices through internal process improvements, waste
elimination, and applying the best technology and tools
available today. We committed to achieving a 25% reduction
from 1990 levels in total direct greenhouse gas emissions
from our worldwide production by 2010. Alcoa reached that
goal seven years ahead of schedule and through 2009, we
have achieved a 43% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions.
Another important path to sustainability is recycling, which
saves 95% of the energy used to make aluminum from ore,
reducing about nine tons of CO2 per ton of virgin aluminum.
Alcoa is playing a major role in boosting the industry’s
aluminum can recycling rate to 75% by 2015. We joined with
Alcoa 2009 Annual Report and Form 10-K 5
Novelis to create a new company, Evermore Recycling LLC,
for the procurement of used aluminum beverage containers
(UBCs), helping to ensure that more aluminum beverage
cans are back on the store shelf in just 60 days. It’s no
wonder 73% of all aluminum produced in the past 120 years
is still in use.
Alcoa again earned recognition as a company committed
to sustainable values and practices. For the eighth year in
a row, Alcoa was named to the Dow Jones Sustainability
Index, and we were again named one of the world’s most
sustainable corporations at the World Economic Forum in
Davos – the only U.S.-based company to make the list from
the Materials sector. Alcoa was also named one of Brazil’s
Most Sustainable Companies in Exame magazine’s 2009
Sustainability Guide, a respected corporate responsibility
publication. Given Alcoa’s presence in the high profi le
Amazon region, this ranking is a noteworthy recognition
of Alcoa’s continuing efforts towards environmental
sustainability and social and community development.
Support for communities from the Alcoa Foundation and
our employee volunteers has been especially important
during these diffi cult economic times when government
and private support has decreased. Throughout the year
Alcoans worked in their communities on a number of worthy
causes – serving meals to the hungry, building shelters and
homes, and organizing clothing and blood drives – totaling
4,000 charitable campaigns. Each October, Alcoans around
the world donate their time and energies in special Month
of Service events. In 2009, a record 37% of Alcoans took
part in 795 Month of Service events across 23 countries. It is
particularly inspiring that during diffi cult times, Alcoans rise
to the challenge with passion and purpose to make a real
difference in their communities.
Living by Alcoa’s Values has not gone unnoticed. Alcoa
was ranked in the top 10 of more than 500 companies in
the Covalence ethics reputation survey, the best of the
entire Resources sector. And we were ranked the number
one metals company in Fortune magazine’s respected 2009
Most Admired Companies list – beating out even the global
steel giants. Of the nine attributes judged, we took the top
spot in our industry for innovation, social responsibility and
product quality.
Given all that Alcoans have accomplished this past year,
it’s easy for me to feel enthusiastic about our Company’s
prospects for the future. I am also optimistic about the
prospects for the aluminum industry. As consumers
continue to demand light-weight, recyclable Apple iPods®,
laptops and electronic readers like the Amazon Kindle™,
aluminum emerges as the primary choice of material for
customers like Apple and Hewlett-Packard. As governments
around the world spend stimulus funds and build out
their infrastructures, they are looking to aluminum as the
material of choice to expand electricity transmission lines
and construct energy-effi cient buildings. As automotive
companies seek to address tightening fuel economy and
emissions standards and offer drivers cost effi ciency
without compromising durability and safety, they are
choosing aluminum.
All around us, we see an ever-growing demand for
aluminum. As the world’s demographics shift, as cities
become more and more crowded, as energy becomes
more scarce, and as environmental stewardship becomes
the responsibility of private consumers, businesses and
governments alike, aluminum becomes more and more
central to our needs.
The Alcoa Juruti bauxite mine, in the
heart of the Amazon, is a benchmark in
sustainability through its positive social,
economic, and environmental initiatives.
6
As the founder of the aluminum industry, we carry a proud
legacy towards a bright future. In July, Alcoa celebrated 50
years as a component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average.
We joined the Dow in 1959, refl ecting how important our
Company was to the post-World War industrial era. Today,
Alcoa is still seen as a barometer for industry, and indeed for
the economy.
The past year has tested all of us, and with hard work and
resolve, we have emerged from the worst of the crisis.
Alcoans went the extra mile and have brought our Company
into the new decade better prepared than ever to face the
future. Like you, I am optimistic about that future, and eager
to make the most of it.
As I close this letter, I want to thank our Chairman
Alain Belda, who, after 40 years with Alcoa, will retire from
the Board of Directors in April 2010. Alain’s impact on Alcoa’s
performance and reputation will be felt for years to come.
He established the Alcoa Business System that provided
an operational framework for the Company’s growth and
profi tability, and he was the driving force behind one of
the most important strategic changes in Alcoa’s history –
the Company’s internationalization. With a personal
commitment to environmental stewardship, Alain set Alcoa
on the course to be a world-class sustainable company.
One of the founders of the U.S. Climate Action Partnership
(USCAP) and the inspiration behind ground-breaking
reforestation programs in Australia and Brazil, Alain is a
recognized leader in the climate change dialogue.
Like so many others, I have benefi tted greatly from Alain’s
profound knowledge of our Company, and most importantly
from his steady counsel and encouragement. Every Alcoan is
inspired by Alain’s deep respect and genuine excitement for
Alcoa – its wonderful history and its bright future. That spirit
is what made me want to work for this great company, and
it’s what I will carry forward.
Klaus Kleinfeld
President and Chief Executive Offi cer
Aluminum E-Books