Alain Belda (r), Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, with Paul O'Neill, retired Chairman, now U.S. Secretary of the Treasury

To Alcoa Shareholders:
The first year of the century has come and gone. We lived our values, continued on our mission, earned the right to grow, and Paul returned to the U.S. government in one of the most important jobs in the world. Once again, Alcoans around the globe delivered record earnings. We ended the year up 41% in revenues, 41% in profits, and 28% in earnings per share. In a wildly fluctuating market, our shares went as high as 43 5/8, as low as 23 1/8, and ended the year at 33 1/2, for a negative 18.1% total return to shareholders.
5

Revenues
billions of dollars

22.9 16.3

15.3 13.1 13.3

Setting a World Standard in Safety
lost workday rate per 200,000 work hours

SAFETY
96 97 98 99 00

2

Our number one internal priority is that our people should be safe, and on that score Alcoans turned in a record year. This is difficult to track at a time when we are integrating major acquisitions, but Alcoa's core operations ­ the businesses we have held for more than two years ­ are setting the standard as among the world's safest places to work. Alcoans had five times fewer Lost Work Day (LWD) injuries than they did ten years ago. Our worldwide LWD rate was less than 10% of our U.S. manufacturing counterparts. That's still too many ­ we are shooting for zero ­ but our progress has been remarkable.

4 3 2 1 0
87 88 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 00

U.S. Manufacturing Alcoa
Source: Bureau of Labor Statistics and Alcoa Real Time Safety Data Excludes acquisitions made in 2000

ENVIRONMENT

In 2000 we developed a long-term Environmental Strategic Framework based on principles of sustainable development. Each of our businesses worldwide has set its own targets under this Alcoa framework ­ aggressive goals on emissions, wastewater, and energy. They will work to integrate environmental factors into the Alcoa Production System and plant processes and to involve suppliers and customers in the waste-reduction effort. You don't have problems with emissions and wastewater if you can eliminate the waste at its origins. We expect that this program will introduce efficiencies that could save over $100 million a year when fully implemented.
Net Income
millions of dollars

PROFITABLE GROWTH
1,484 1,054

805 853 515

96

97

98

99

00

In 2000 we completed two multibillion dollar acquisitions ­ Reynolds Metals and Cordant Technologies ­ and 15 others which, though smaller, provide important links in our strategies of expanding in key markets and technologies. We added 34,300 Alcoans to our system. The real story here is the rapid and highly successful integration of these new operations as profitable elements in Alcoa's ongoing business. This is made possible by the talent and enthusiasm of the people involved and by the Alcoa Business System, which gives us a common language and a framework for synergies in customer service, cost reduction, productivity, sharing best practices, and measuring results. This is disciplined growth. The proof of the pudding can be seen in our record of 32 acquisitions on four continents over the past five years, and their swift assimilation and positive effect on earnings per share. As a result of profitable growth by acquisition ­ plus internal growth and vigorous cost reduction ­ Alcoa's balance sheet is strong, and we can afford to be patient and opportunistic in shaping our future.
VISION, VALUES, AND PERFORMANCE

Earnings Per Share
dollars

1.80 1.41 1.15 1.21 .73

96

97

98

99

00

Alcoa's management and strategies are based on simple rules and processes. The vision of the company and every Alcoan in it is to be the best in everything we do, individually and collectively . As a foundation to this effort, we live a set of values in every country, every operation, every action we take.
3

We manage by a standardized set of rules based on make-to-use, waste eradication, and problem solving at the point of origin. Our rules and our values set Alcoans free to achieve our shared vision because they permit delegation of authority to anyone in the organization who is willing and able to accomplish something important. From a strategic point of view, we leverage our resources globally ­ our knowledge, technology, systems, and talents as well as hard assets and cash ­ to achieve sustainable, profitable growth. We strive to build, acquire, retain, and leverage resources like our alumina assets in Australia, energy resources in the U.S. and Brazil, the cumulative fruits of our investment in R&D, The vision of the company and every Alcoan and the exceptional people in it is to be the best in everything we do, who make it all work. individually and collectively . As a foundation We strive for an organization that is to this effort, we live a set of values in every country, every operation, every action we take. interdependent and diverse, one that manages by centralizing transactional work and decentralizing decisions to the point where we interface with the customer. We value proactivity, flexibility, and a can-do attitude in our people, and we see them as the ultimate source of our company's power to create wealth. This year we have changed the format of our annual report to capture a sense of how we see ourselves at the start of this century and after absorbing two large acquisitions. We have tried to show what Alcoa has to offer to the various markets in which we participate. I think you will find it interesting.

Alain J.P. Belda Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 12, 2001
4

