 Fellow Shareowners:
 Afew years ago, we raised the bar on Alcoa’s stated Vision of being the best aluminum company
in the world to that of aspiring to be the best company in the world. While we have much to be proud of as we enter a new year, we know that we have more to do... and that this goal is about more than delivering strong financial perform- ance. It is about sustained financial suc- cess, while building for the future. And it is about delivering on all of Alcoa’s seven Values.
Despite what was a challenging business environment in many markets across the globe, we did make significant strides in 2003:
• Income from continuing operations
rose 117% to $1.034 billion, or $1.20 per share, in 2003, and every segment demonstrated higher profitability;
Alain Belda, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
which we completed and surpassed last year, was even more challenging. The new goal will be equally tough, but we have the talent, a proven Alcoa Business System (ABS), and the determination to reach it. Upon its completion, we will have eliminated more than $3.3 billion in costs, which will help offset the impact of tough global conditions we have experienced over the last three years and benefit us when markets resume their growth patterns.
While we have made strides toward our ROC goal of permanent member- ship in the first quintile of the S&P Industrials, we still have a long way to go. Our fourth quarter 2003 ROC on
an annualized basis was 7.6% versus
a company ROC of 4.2% in 2002. The first quintile entry point, however, is currently around 16%.
• Our disciplined approach to capital allowed us to pay down more than $1 billion in debt, providing us with additional flexi- bility in pursuing profitable growth opportunities;
• We surpassed our second three-year, cost-savings challenge by reaching $1.012 billion of annualized savings (the first, in 1998-2000, achieved $1.1 billion in savings), which helped drive gross margins higher;
• Revenues increased 6% to $21.5 billion; and
• We recorded the lowest lost workday rate in the Company’s
history.
Reflecting this performance, in part, Alcoa’s total share-
owner return for 2003, including dividend reinvestment, was 70%. For comparative purposes, the Dow Jones Industrial Average, of which we are a component, returned 25% during the same period.
Goals and Strategies for 2004 and Beyond
In 2004, we are committed to our financial goals:
1. Profitable Growth – We will continue the drive to profitably
grow our revenues as well as to join the first quintile of the S&P
Industrials measured in terms of Return on Capital (ROC). 2. Cost Savings – Financial fitness is key to our future. In sup-
port of our profitable growth challenge, we have launched our third three-year, cost-savings challenge to eliminate an addi- tional $1.2 billion in costs by the end of 2006. When we set our first billion-dollar, cost-savings goal in 1998, it was diffi- cult, but we achieved it. The second billion-dollar challenge,
This goal is not about the honor of membership in the first quintile. It is about earning the right from shareowners, through our performance and consistency, to continue to profitably grow. It will provide us the opportunity to plan for the future, continue to offer challenging jobs, and pursue growth opportu- nities for shareowners, for Alcoans, and other stakeholders.
All our efforts are based upon two precepts: deliver short- term performance while positioning the company to be successful for years to come. The steps we are implementing are improving both short-term and long-term profitability... and laying the foundation for our continued leadership position for generations to come. We are:
• Continuing to refine our portfolio of businesses;
• Strengthening our asset base and improving its productivity;
• Extending our global reach and repositioning our primary
businesses lower on the cost curve;
• Strengthening our connection to customers; and
• Building on the transformation of our businesses – from
making products to delivering solutions... working across businesses in order to help our customers be successful within their markets.
Portfolio Reconfiguration
Last year, we announced a program to divest a number of busi- nesses that either did not have the ability to grow in excess of GDP or did not have the ability to deliver superior returns in sec- tors where Alcoa maintains a sustainable competitive advantage.
1

 We have made solid progress on this program, as we have sold the Latin America PET bottle business, our equity interest in Latasa, a can producer based primarily in Brazil, and the packag- ing equipment business. We have announced the sale of the specialty chemicals business and expect to complete it in the first quarter, with the remainder of this divestiture program completed by the end of the first half of 2004. In total, the program should generate proceeds in excess of $750 million,
which will be used to pay down debt.
We added to our portfolio this year with the acquisition of the Camargo Correa Group’s 40.9% interest in Alcoa’s South American operations, a position these partners held since 1984. The largest subsidiary in these operations is Alcoa Aluminio, headquartered in São Paulo. Aluminio owns and operates mining, refining, power generation, smelting, and aluminum fabrication facilities at various locations in Brazil. Additional businesses include closures and flexible packaging.
We also expanded our aluminum
alliance with Kobe Steel Ltd. in Japan on
the joint development of aluminum prod-
ucts for the automotive market. As part of this arrangement,
we assumed complete control of aluminum rolling operations in Australia, used in making beverage containers, foil, and sheet.
Strengthening and Growing
In 2003, we made significant strides in strengthening our asset base in both our primary metals and alumina businesses, accelerating movement down the global cost curve, and laying the foundation for our continued leadership position in the industry.
The year began with the finalization
of agreements to build a new, state-of-the- art, greenfield smelter in Iceland. We plan to break ground on this 322,000-metric-tons- per-year (mtpy) smelter – to be among
the most efficient in the world in terms of production and sustainability – in 2005
and expect production to begin in 2007.
Our joint venture with the Aluminum
Corporation of China, Ltd. (Chalco), at
Pingguo, has been delayed pending final
government approvals. We expect agree-
ments in this regard to be formalized in
2004. This joint venture will enhance our
position in the fastest-growing market in the
aluminum industry within one of the most efficient – and grow- ing – alumina and aluminum production facilities in China.
Elsewhere in China, we are working toward completing a joint venture with China International Trust & Investment, our equity partner in Bohai Aluminum, with the objective of expanding soft-alloy extrusions and foil opportunities in this
fast-growing region. We are also installing a new foil production line at Alcoa Shanghai Aluminum.
In Canada, we are working with the government of Québec to upgrade and expand our hydropowered smelting operations in Baie-Comeau and Deschambault.
In Brazil, in addition to restructuring our long-term partner- ship with the Camargo Correa Group, we are engaged in several hydropower projects that will increase our
 Return on Capital Continues
to Show Improvement
Percent
 20
        15
  10
            5
  0
4Q 02 1Q 03 2Q 03 3Q 03 4Q 03
Top Quintile S&P Industrials Alcoa ROC
Alcoa Quarter Annualized
   All indicators are based on the Bloomberg ROC Methodology.
1Q 03 Quarter Annualized ROC excludes $47 million after-tax cumulative effect of accounting change due to adoption of FAS 143.
energy self-sufficiency and cost-competi- tiveness while meeting Alcoa and Brazilian standards for socially and environmentally sound development. For example, in the case of the Barra Grande hydropower facil- ity, construction has begun and is expected to be completed in 2006, with total installed capacity of 690 MW. Upon the completion of this project, coupled with other hydropower investments we have made, we will provide more than 40% of the energy required for our two smelters in that country. And we have an additional 355 MW under concession.
During 2003, we signed a Memoran- dum of Understanding (MOU) with the government of the Kingdom of Bahrain that paves the way for
Alcoa to acquire up to a 26% equity stake in Alba, a Bahrain com- pany that owns and operates a 512,000-mtpy aluminum smelter. The MOU also covers a long-term alumina supply arrangement for Alba. Alba is currently adding a fifth potline which, when completed in 2005, will bring its overall capacity to 819,000 mtpy and make it the largest prebake aluminum smelter in the world. The MOU is designed to accelerate plans for an additional expan- sion, a sixth line with 307,000 mtpy of additional capacity.
In addition, we have announced plans to conduct a feasibility study over the next two years to explore building a smelter in Brunei Darussalam.
Alcoa World Alumina and Chemicals (AWAC) – a global alliance between
Alcoa and Alumina Ltd, with Alcoa holding 60% – completed the 250,000- mtpy construction expansion of its Jamalco alumina refinery in Clarendon, Jamaica ahead of schedule. AWAC also broke ground on a 250,000-mtpy alumina expansion at its Paranam alumina refinery in Suriname. And we have begun an effi- ciency upgrade at AWAC’s Pinjarra alumi- na refinery in Western Australia that will
increase capacity there by 600,000 mtpy.
As part of our strategy, we continue to explore promising
opportunities across the world, including some in Russia. These efforts are designed to lower Alcoa’s costs in primary metals – in many cases replacing older, less competitive capacity with newer, more efficient operations, while in other cases we are adding
 Surpassed Second $1 Billion
Cost-Savings Goal
Quarterly Run Rate in Millions of Dollars
 Continue to
253
 reduce costs – eliminate $1.2B
150
 in costs on a
 run-rate basis by the end
278 278 278
  of 2006
     98-00 01-02 03
 Goal
2001-2003 Goal
     2

 capacity in order to take advantage of our already efficient opera- tions. We will continue to expand our global footprint and build on the successful foundation of our upstream businesses.
In the consumer packaging and semi-manufactured areas we concentrated on quickly integrating businesses we acquired last year – such as Ivex Packaging into our packaging businesses and Fairchild Fasteners into Alcoa Fastening Systems.
Strengthening Our Connection to Customers Through Solutions
In 2003, we continued to invest in productivity improvements in our Company through the disciplined and systematic deploy- ment of the Alcoa Business System, which begins with the customer. Through this process we created a clearer picture of what it means to be a customer of Alcoa. As you’ll see in
the following pages of this report, our Market Sector Lead Teams (MSLTs) – an extension of ABS – made substantial progress toward building a coordinated approach to markets and customers.
These Lead Teams work with Alcoa’s business units to improve the response to customer needs
that span our organization and migrate
our value proposition from materials and
components to high-value, customer- centric engineered solutions.
This means we apply technologies that
enable a customer to meet specific benefits –
convenience, economy, safety, speed, etc. –
for their end users. This elevates our value
to the customer well beyond the commodi-
ty and materials levels. For our customers,
this is a huge benefit. For Alcoa, our chal-
lenge is twofold: first, we must understand
the issues facing our customers; and then,
working with our Research and
Development and application engineering
staffs, as well as other businesses selling in the same market, develop solutions and demonstrate their benefits to our customers.
Safety, Sustainability, and Community
At Alcoa, we begin business reviews with an update of our safety performance. We do this for two reasons. First, we take safety seri- ously, and we are proud of our progress. The second reason is to demonstrate to everyone what is possible through implementing a disciplined process. When we first set our sights at being the safest company in the world, many thought it was unrealistic. Whether it is a financial goal (such as our ROC or cost-savings initiatives), an environmental goal to reduce emissions, or the goal to have zero safety incidents, the bottom line is when Alcoans put their minds and talents against a given goal, we almost always achieve it.
In Safety, we had our lowest lost workday and total record- able injury rates in the Company’s history. Our lost workday rate improved to 0.12 from 0.15 in the previous year, and our total recordable rate is 1.66, down from 2.22 in 2002. Approximately 77% of our locations operated in 2003 without a single lost
workday incident – and 36% of them did not have a single recordable injury. Regrettably, despite this performance, we experienced four fatalities. That is why we are increasing our emphasis on identifying difficult-to-predict, low-probability events that have potential for catastrophic consequences, and why we are analyzing the causes of human error and how to prevent them... as we strengthen our resolve toward achieving the ultimate goal – zero incidents.
On the environmental front, our results were numerous... ranging from landfill waste reductions, to the use of less water, to the completion of our goal to plant one million trees five years ahead of schedule, and the launching of a new program to begin planting ten million new trees by 2020, which can absorb more than 250,000 metric tons of carbon dioxide per year during their lifetime.
Perhaps most exciting is the attainment of our 25% reduction in greenhouse-gas emissions from 1990 levels. When we defined this goal in 2000, we sought to achieve this level of reduction by 2010, but we have eliminated 13 million tons of greenhouse gases per year, so we reached the goal six years ahead of schedule.
In 2003, our connection to the communities in which we operate contin- ued to strengthen. Our sponsorship of
the Smithsonian’s National Air and Space Museum’s centennial of flight exhibition on the Wright Brothers was broadened beyond Washington, DC, to include activities in many of our aerospace communities. In addition, our social commitment continued to expand beyond grant making. Employee volunteerism grew to almost 200,000 hours in 2003, including the capstone to the Alcoa Foundation’s 50th anniversary celebration – a worldwide week of service focused on conservation and sustainability projects.
Our Vision is Challenging, Our Goals High,
Our Strategy Clear
While I am proud of all that our employees have achieved in 2003, I am most proud that they share a focus on our Values, delivering annual results, and building for the future.
Our goals remain high, our strategy is clear. And everyday we seek to strengthen your Company, improve its agility, and improve the bonds with our customers, while living our Values. This focus has served us well in the past and has positioned
us for success in 2004 and beyond... as we strive to become the best company in the world.
Alain J. P. Belda
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 1, 2004
 Lost Workday Incident Rate
Injuries per 200,000 work hours
.99
 .81 .77 .75 44 fewer incidents in 2003 vs. 2002
.46 .49 .46
.36
.23
.18 .16 .15.19 .16
          91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 00 01 02* 03 Alcoa* Including Acquisitions**
            *Reynolds, Howmet/Huck included beginning in 2002 **Ivex, Fairchild, Kama, and other 2002/2003 acquisitions
 3
.12
