Fellow Shareowner:
In 2006, our top and bottom-line Cash from operations for the year performance was the best in your was more than $2.5 billion, a 53 percent Company's history. We did this while improvement from 2005 and the second continuing to invest in modernizing strongest performance in Company our existing plants and building new history. This strong performance helped operations that will enable us to deliver lower our debt-to-capital ratio to 30.6 Alain Belda, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer strong results for years to come. We percent at year-end, within our stated are delivering results now and investing target range. in our future. We are a capital-intensive Company, so return on Key financial results for 2006 include: capital (ROC) is one of the most important indicators · Income from continuing operations rose 72 percent of how we are performing. Alcoa ROC at the end of to $2.2 billion; $2.5 billion excluding restructuring 2006 increased to 13.2 percent from 8.3 percent for and impairment charges; 2005. After excluding investments in growth projects · Revenues up 19 percent to an all-time record of and construction work in progress, the Company's $30.4 billion; ROC was 16.2 percent. · Cash from operations increased 53 percent to more We continued to look at businesses within our than $2.5 billion, the second-best portfolio, examining them for industry Return on Capital performance in Company history; fit, positive trends, long-term contribution, * percent · Return on capital rose to 13.2 percent, ability to deliver above cost-of-capital up 490 basis points from 2005; returns and overall synergies. In 2006, 16.2% · Debt-to-capital ratio within target range we sold our home exteriors business for 18 at 30.6 percent; and $305 million. We also are creating a · Four of six segments had ATOI gains of joint venture of our soft alloy extrusion 15 50 percent or more. business and Sapa's aluminum profiles Our management team took full business. By combining these two 12 advantage of the opportunities the market operations, we can improve profitability offered, driving revenue, mitigating costs, and create a broader global manufactur9 bringing new products and innovation ing system. to the market, expanding our global footIn sum, we improved performance by 6 print and growing our customer base. We boosting productivity, innovating continubenefited from strong metal prices, but ally, serving our markets, controlling 3 through our actions we drove nearly costs, and managing our portfolio. Strong 0 100 percent of the LME price increases to results and conservative cash management 03 04 05 06 the bottom line. We were able to offset have allowed us to: approximately 90 percent of the cost infla· Institute a new repurchase program to Bloomberg Methodology calculates ROC based on the tion, energy cost increases and currency buy back up to 10 percent of our outtrailing 4 quarters. impact through: improved mix, higher vol- * Adjusted for Growth Projects standing common stock, or approxi Reconciliation on page 74 umes and improved productivity. mately 87 million shares, over the next As a result of our actions, our Alumina, three years; Primary Metals, Engineered Solutions, and Extruded · Increase the dividend on our common stock by more and End Products segments showed higher full-year than 13 percent to $0.68 per share annually; and margins, which is what profitable growth is all · Continue to invest in new primary plants, acquisiabout. Our Flat-Rolled Products segment performed tion of new plants and modernization of our well enough to absorb the costs of growth in Russia existing plants...our highest capital investment and Asia. in more than 20 years.
1

When we look for new sites, new business Continuing to Live Our Values opportunities, or form new partnerships, we can We exist to provide a desired product, a service or a invite government authorities, community leaders, solution to our customers. and partners to see our locations. When those people In order to do it well and continuously, we have see how we operate, confer with their counterparts to do it with the interest and support of all stakeholdaround the world and review our track record, we ers in our Company. We have to do it day in and day become the development partner of choice around out. This is where our Values of Customer, People, the world. Integrity, Accountability and Excellence come in. We continued to build on that reputation in That we have existed for 118 years means we have 2006. We were once again named as part of the done well in living our Values. Dow Jones Sustainability Index and one of the most It is also where our forward-looking Environment, sustainable companies in the world at the World Health and Safety (EHS) Value comes in. This past Economic Forum in year we continued to make Davos. CERES ranked progress in our EHS Value. For "In 2006 our top and the Company second example, we posted dramatic bottom-line performance overall in its study of improvement trends in both how companies manLost Workdays (LWD) and Total was the best in age climate change Recordables (TRR), which led to our 20th consecutive year of your Company's history." and governance. And we launched the improved safety performance. Alcoa Foundation Conservation and Sustainability In 2006, our LWD rate was .072 ­ a 96 percent Fellowship program (see back cover). These are excelimprovement since 1987. More than 80 percent of lent examples of how the outside world views Alcoa our locations worldwide did not have a single lost and the way we live our Values every day. workday case. Our TRR for 2006 was 1.13. This is For years, we have been recognized as leaders in an 88 percent improvement since 1987. Approximately addressing climate change issues. In fact, we have 45 percent of our locations did not have a recordable reduced GHG emissions more than 25 percent from injury. This is a remarkable achievement and shows 1990. But we know more needs to be done. Alcoa that even though we have made great strides in recently helped form the United States Climate Action safety, we can continue to improve. We must Partnership (USCAP). USCAP is a new alliance improve in fatality prevention. The six fatalities we of major businesses and leading climate and environhad in 2006 are unacceptable. No fatality is. So mental groups that have come together to call on we will take whatever steps are necessary to improve the U.S. federal government to enact legislation this vital area. requiring significant reductions of GHG emissions. We have demonstrated over the years our The coalition also wants to help foster innovative commitment to sustainability. We have gained credinew technologies in energy production and efficiency. bility from our long track record of working with The changes that are needed can't be incremental; communities around the world, and that credibility we need major breakthroughs to get to our common is a distinct competitive advantage. goal of protecting our world for future generations. At the core of our Excellence Value is the Alcoa Safety: Zero Incident Locations Business System (ABS), the operating philosophy of the Rates by Years Company. This year we celebrated the 10th anniver10 sary of ABS. To ensure we further embed this philoso9 phy into the way we operate, we opened the North 8 American Rolling and Extrusion Center of Excellence 7 to train all levels of management. Additional Centers 6 of Excellence are being planned in other regions for Total Recordables 5 2007. These centers standardize learning processes 4 across Alcoa by offering hands-on opportunities to 3 Lost Workdays understand and apply all of the tools of ABS. 2 Innovation and technology are part of Alcoa's 1 DNA and are a large part of our Customer Value. 0 This stems from our foundation when our Company
98 99 00 91 92

2

05 06

96 97

04

89 90

03

01 02

87 88

93 94 95

was born from the discoveries of Charles Martin industry stays online, which is not likely, it would Hall. We continue in that spirit of discovery today. require nearly 80 new smelters of 400,000 metric We have the largest aluminum research facility in tons (mt). That means adding five smelters each year, the world and it is staffed with preeminent scientists or 2 million mt annually across the industry...not to and researchers dedicated to discovering and developmention the required refining and bauxite mining and ing the next product solution, the next process fabricating facilities. improvement. This year we strengthened our global The same underlying growth rate trends can be research connection with research centers in Russia, seen in aerospace, transportation, defense and energy China, India and Europe, and U.S. universities. generation. This drives the demand for our engineered As you'll see throughout the pages of this Annual products and solutions, flat-rolled products, and, Report, we are bringing a number of innovations to eventually, our consumer products. the market. Examples include: We're certain that now is the time to pursue our · Bauxite residue neutralization which provides siggrowth objectives to meet this demand. The time to nificant greenhouse benefits by permanently locking build is when the market is good and we have strong CO2 with the residue. This process will be taken to cash flow. all our alumina plants in the near future. Cash from operations in 2007 will fund our · Simultaneous Multi-Alloy Casting or SMAC. This planned capital expenditures. We will be investing in is a protected technology in the flat-rolled product improved competitiveness and meeting market businesses leading to significant cost reduction. growth in our profitable businesses. These are the It also expands the product range to multialloys in right strategies and the right time for us. the same cast. Our upstream growth projects remain on track · Continued work on the inert anode and carbothermic and we are evaluating a number of new opportuniinitiatives for the primary business and increasing ties. We completed the upgrade of the Pinjarra yields in refineries. In addition, we are undertaking refinery this year in Australia, adding 657,000 a major effort aimed at low-cost metric tons per year (mtpy) to our system. reducing overall energy requirements. World Aluminum Consumption to Double by 2020 M tons We are excited about our 2020: 60.6 achievements in technology and even more with what lies ahead. 1.7
Increase v. 2005

Building for the Future Asia The future of aluminum, and North America our markets, is quite bright. Eastern Europe, The annual global CIS & Other consumption of aluminum Western Europe products, both upstream and Latin America downstream, is expected to double over the next 15 years. This consumption boom will be driven primarily by growth in China, India, Russia and Brazil, whose demographics are accelerating development. Asia alone will account for 60 percent of the growth and, by 2020, will consume as much aluminum as the entire world does today. China aluminum consumption increased more than 20 percent in 2006. Outside of China, consumption increased a solid three percent. In fact, in industrialized markets such as the U.S. and Europe, consumption in 2006 grew six and three percent, respectively. To meet this demand will require an industrywide growth rate that is three times that of the last 20 years. Assuming all of today's capacity across the entire

+18.5 +4.4 +1.9

2005:

31.6
1.1 3.2 6.8 7 .3 31.5

5.0 10.8

13.2

+4.1 +0.6

11.6

Source: McKinsey

We also are expected to complete a 146,000-mtpy expansion at our Jamalco refinery in Jamaica. In Brazil, construction is underway on a bauxite mine in Juruti and an expansion at our São Luis refinery. Both will be online in 2008. Also in Brazil, we completed a 63,000-mtpy expansion at the Alumar smelter. Perhaps the most significant growth project, the Alcoa Fjar aál smelter in Iceland, is on-target to produce its first metal in the second quarter of 2007. It is significant because it is our first greenfield smelter in 20 years. The work that has been done to date has been remarkable...made all the more so by the safety records that have been achieved. When completed, this facility ­ powered by
3

renewable hydropower ­ will be one of the most environmentally friendly and efficient smelters in the world and will produce 344,000 mtpy. These upstream projects in smelting, refining and bauxite mining ­ as well as many others we are exploring ­ are exciting in their potential to move us lower in our cash-cost curve and give us further brownfield opportunities for growth potential. Obviously, we continually watch the market indicators closely for changes in trends and economic value creation and take a disciplined approach before committing to a project. Our downstream growth initiatives have similar promise. In 2006, we continued to grow and strengthen our strategic downstream businesses. We extended our aerospace sheet and plate production by 50 percent with projects at Davenport in the U.S., Kitts Green in England, Fusina in Italy and Belaya Kalitva in Russia. We continue with major modernization projects at our very successful Köfém facility in Hungary. And, we continue to experience significant improvement in our new fabricating facilities in Russia. We are excited about the strategic advantage both Samara and Belaya Kalitva hold. We will, by year-end 2007, have increased output at these facilities by about 50 percent. Finally, we continue to increase our strategic position in China. We believe firmly that in order to take advantage of the significant Chinese demand for aluminum-fabricated products, you must have manufacturing facilities within China and in other parts of Asia. This is not new. We have been building our presence in China since 1993. During 2006, we have continued to add to our strategic position with the Kunshan facility and the Bohai rolling mill and two new fastening system facilities near Shanghai. Elsewhere in our downstream businesses, the engineered solutions business expanded its fastening operations with two new facilities in China, and made investments to ramp-up production in aerospace castings in the U.S. as well as in Hungary, in addition to expansions in Mexico. The packaging and consumer business opened a new facility in Bulgaria, serving the consumer products market in Europe. Our growth strategy is the most aggressive in the industry, and it builds on our proven competencies and technology. Our strategy takes advantage of unique brownfield opportunities; our large project management capabilities; experience in dealing with governments all over the world; unparalleled product, process and market knowledge; and the strength of the Alcoa brand.
4

2007 As we enter 2007, market fundamentals remain strong. We have a successful, solid platform of profitability to build upon. With growth projects beginning to add to that strong base ­ and additional projects finishing construction and coming onstream this year ­ we have never been in a better position. We will continue to deliver strong results, invest in our future, and keep a strong balance sheet. We will continue to manage our investment decisions and portfolio actions on the basis of contribution to profitable growth. I am proud of our 2006 accomplishments. Am I satisfied with it? No. We will continue to push for improvements in areas such as working capital turns, fixed-cost reduction, delivering on our construction and start-up projects, and innovation and application technologies. I am, obviously, not satisfied with our total shareholder return. I believe this had to do in part with the conscious capital expenditure plan we are implementing in our upstream businesses as well as the market's continuing insecurity around worldwide demand and the impact of China on the overall market. We understand these variables, and we are doing the right things for today and tomorrow for our stakeholders. We will have some of our growth projects coming onstream and contributing this year, and each of our downstream businesses should improve their EBITDA margins in 2007. We are improving profitability in our fabricated and diversified groups, and we are divesting or restructuring underperforming businesses and plants. I believe that as we continue to focus on cash generation, return on capital and profitable growth, the market will eventually recognize and reward our performance, as has happened recently. I have never seen us as well positioned, and with as good a market. And, we have never had a better team with which to do this. This is why I am heartened as we enter 2007. As great as 2006 has been, I believe the work done by Alcoans across the world has laid the groundwork for 2007 to be even better...while we continue building for the future.

Alain Belda Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 16, 2007

