Chairman's Letter

The macro-economic events of 2015 were like a bracing, cold storm for our industry, driving the S&P Metals & Mining Index down 51%. The prices of aluminum dropped 28% and of alumina by 43%. As Alcoa's common stock traded like an aluminum financial derivative with a 95% correlation to the London Metal Exchange price, the decline in metal price pulled the share price substantially down despite our attractive Value-Add portfolio. The good news--that feeling of relief after stepping out of the cold into a warm room-- is that in 2015 we completed our portfolio transformation. We exited high-cost commodity assets and invested in multi-material acquisitions and modernization projects in markets where Alcoa's innovation strength will give us tremendous profitable growth opportunities. We are now in position to unlock the intrinsic value of our powerful portfolio by separating Alcoa into two independent publiclytraded companies. Upon the separation, which is expected to be completed in the second half of 2016, the Upstream Company and the Value-Add Company will be launched, each with unique value propositions and distinctly different risk profiles and goals. For our future Upstream Company, during 2015, we made our upstream portfolio more competitive by moving it farther down the cost curve. We announced additional curtailments and closures of high-cost facilities, for a total reduction since 2007 of 48% of our smelting operating capacity and 36% of our refining capacity. The upstream businesses also made $532 million of productivity improvements, renegotiated long-term energy contracts and brought on line the world's lowest-cost aluminum smelting and alumina refining complex in Saudi Arabia. We re-focused the

upstream portfolio around five free-standing business units--the world's largest low-cost Bauxite miner, the largest first-quartile Alumina refinery business, a second-quartile Aluminum smelter producer with a global footprint, a valueadd Cast Products business, and a portfolio of valuable Energy assets. The restructuring better positioned the future Upstream Company, which will retain the Alcoa brand name, to optimize profits in down cycles and deliver strong returns in peak times, creating an ideal investment for commodity and value investors. For our future Value-Add Company, the portfolio actions, innovation successes and improvements to the cost base within our downstream and midstream businesses in 2015 will make the Value-Add Company extremely attractive to growth investors, particularly those with an aerospace and automotive investment portfolio. The value-add businesses made $616 million in productivity improvements, achieved significant savings from synergies with recent acquisitions, and divested a high-cost plant in Russia. During 2015, most of our Value-Add portfolio achieved major share gains in their respective markets. With virtually every aircraft, spacecraft and jet engine flying today containing Alcoa's high-performance materials, we've made important investments to solidify our leading position in the fast-growing aerospace industry. Completing the integration of three multimaterial acquisitions in 2015, we expanded our penetration of the most advanced aircraft engine and airframe segments where our innovation strength creates a powerful competitive edge for Alcoa. We also made plant upgrades that enable Alcoa to achieve attractive profitability levels and produce aluminumlithium and other high performance material

02

components for next generation aircraft and jet engines. These actions resulted in market share gain from our principal aerospace materials competitor and winning $10 billion of aerospace contracts in the twelve months ending in January 2016. With the strong organic and inorganic growth in our aerospace businesses within our Engineered Products and Solutions group, we moved our Wheel and Transportation Products and our Building and Construction businesses to form a new Transportation and Construction Solutions group. This enables a better focus on maximizing our profitable growth opportunities in all business segments. Through a strong focus on innovation and creating customer value, we have been widening our lead in the wheels industry. Alcoa is driving the switch from steel to aluminum wheels by bringing down operating costs, increasing load capacity, reducing greenhouse gas emissions and creating a much better wheel appearance. For fleet operators and truckers, that is a hard-to-beat value package. In our building and construction business, Alcoa's innovative architectural systems are helping builders meet E.U. and U.S. commitments for zero energy buildings and are driving our business' expansion into China and the Middle East. With environmental regulations also impacting the automotive industry, Alcoa has become a major driver (and beneficiary) of one of the most significant disruptions in the industry's history--the aluminum-intensive vehicle. The commercial success of Ford's F-150 is leading a major shift to aluminum by other automotive manufacturers seeking to lessen weight and increase fuel efficiency and payload. To meet the demand for automotive

aluminum sheet, which is expected to ramp up to an eleven-fold increase by 2025, we've modernized our plants in Tennessee and Davenport, Iowa, with state-of-the-art aluminum sheet production equipment. We also signed a joint development agreement with Ford for our MicromillTM process that dramatically improves the formability and strength of aluminum sheet while reducing production time from 20 days to 20 minutes. With twelve global carmakers in discussions with Alcoa to evaluate and qualify Alcoa Micromill® products to improve their automotive value chain, the commercialization of this revolutionary technology is well underway. We are structuring the Micromill commercialization as a software business, where Alcoa will grant various levels of licenses and receive fees from the respective users. We are at the forefront of the technology revolution in manufacturing. In addition to the Micromill, we are applying disruptive technologies across the additive manufacturing spectrum to increase Alcoa's profitability and speed of innovation. In 2015, we accelerated our 3D printing initiative, enabling us to upgrade Alcoa plants with the next generation of 3D printing capability. The project also creates a commercial opportunity to produce proprietary and highly sophisticated metal powders made from titanium, nickel and aluminum alloys for the high-growth metalsbased additive manufacturing market; these powders are the "intelligent ink" needed for 3D metal printing. While applying disruptive technologies and strategies and working toward the separation, we have been careful to retain the core Values that have been Alcoa's bedrock for 127 years.

Combined with Alcoa's business success, those enduring Values have been instrumental in Alcoa being chosen for the fifth consecutive year as Fortune's "World's Most Admired Metals Company." After our company separates, those Values will continue to guide our businesses into the future. When we announced the separation of Alcoa in September 2015, we established a Separation Project Office to manage the many details required to launch our two new companies so that our businesses can stay focused and undistracted on delivering their 2016 plans. The project office is also identifying and managing significant cost savings prior to the separation and coordinating the identification of the teams that will lead the two new companies. Our leaders and employees are stepping up to this momentous opportunity with the enthusiasm, energy and engagement that we have seen from previous generations of Alcoans at other pivotal moments in Alcoa's proud history. On behalf of the Alcoa Board of Directors, I thank you for your support during a very eventful 2015. We are committed to maintain a strong focus on shareholder value in 2016 and to ensure the two new companies are well prepared to build on that commitment as they define their bright futures. I am excited and proud to have the opportunity to deliver on that future for our shareholders, our customers and employees.

Klaus Kleinfeld Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

03

