Paul O'Neill, Alcoa chairman and chief executive officer, in the atrium of the recently completed Alcoa Corporate Center.

To Alcoa Shareholders
Earnings in 1998 totaled $853 million with revenues of $15.3 billion and a return on equity of 16.3%.
It was a good year for Alcoa by these standard financial measures ­ especially so because the results were achieved in spite of a 20% year-to-year price decline for aluminum ingot. But the truly great news behind the 1998 financial results is the progress we have made over the last decade in raising Alcoa's underlying value-generating capability, which shows through in the 1998 results. We are confident we can continue to improve our performance capability and, accordingly, when we announced fourth quarter 1998 and full-year results we also announced we would increase the dividend by 50%, split the stock two for one, and renew our share repurchase program.

Foundations for Success
In assessing our performance in 1998, you might very well attribute our success to the two major acquisitions we completed in the year ­ Inespal, the Spanish aluminum company that brought with it $1 billion in revenues and 4,000 employees, and Alumax, the $3 billion sales company with 15,000 employees and 70 operating locations. Certainly, both are important additions to the Alcoa system, bringing excellent people, adding capability to serve more customers worldwide, contributing technology, product lines and earnings. But to see our success in individual milestone events is to miss the important transformation that has occurred in our company. Wall Street financial analysts are fascinated by the change and often ask: how have you done this, and how long will it take for the competition to catch up?

2

Brick by Brick
In answer, we liken what we have been doing to the construction of a brick wall. We began laying the first course of our brick wall twelve years ago with the articulation of the Alcoa values and the concentration on our highest internal priority ­ achieving an injury-free workplace. We have added layer on layer to our brick wall over the last twelve years: · Learning from benchmarking the best practices in the world and systematically implementing those practices. · Creating a business unit structure in 1991, deemphasizing top-down, command and control management while providing many more leadership positions in the company, sharpening responsibility and accountability, and tying our worldwide operations together with telecommunications and computers. · Setting up worldwide technology development and transfer mechanisms to insure we invent good ideas and practices once and then speed their implementation everywhere they are applicable. · Setting out people as the linchpin to our system and striving to deliver our ideal that every Alcoan be treated with dignity and respect. · Constantly scanning the world to be sure that if there are opportunities for affiliations, joint ventures or outright acquisitions we are there, ready to expand our ability to serve customers with our products and technology while creating added value for shareholders. · Creating leading and lagging indicators for each aspect of our individual business unit plans and action steps to achieve our goals. In that sense, our business unit plans set out what we expect to achieve ­ not what we hope for. · In the most recent period, codifying our efforts into what we call the Alcoa Business System and the Alcoa Production System and deploying the ideas to every employee.

We do not believe other companies can skip the steps we have taken and, therefore, we have a time advantage which we are seeking to expand by speeding up our own pursuit of excellence in everything we do. And yet, with all we have done, we believe we are in the foothills of our potential. We can't even see the top of the mountain from where we are now.

A Fundamental Goal
The most global leading indicator of our progress is performance against our goal of achieving an injury-free workplace. (A goal that encompasses 103,500 people at end of year 1998 as compared to 55,000 in 1987.) This goal is important in its own right. No one wants to be hurt at work, and a cardinal principle of our company is that no one should be hurt at work. To deliver this goal it is necessary to do all of the things that are required to accomplish any important goal. First, there needs to be a vision, and then ­ communication ­ measurement ­ diagnosis ­ consequences ­ rewards and penalties ­ remediation ­ implementation ­ learning ­ and, finally, repetition of the improvement cycle. We believe that since safety is a natural, shared value, progress in safety is an indicator that we are a learning organization and therefore more likely to achieve the other goals we have. When we first stated this goal in 1987 there were many doubters. In many of our workplaces there is hot metal, lots of moving equipment, opportunities for every kind of industrial incident. At that time we were in the best one-third of industrial companies in the U.S. as measured by lost workday cases. The average lost workday rate in 1987 was about five cases per 100 work years while Alcoa's rate was 1.86 per 100 work years.

Alcoans, from the top: Kevin Hubertz Lafayette, Ind. Quintin Bowles Wagerup, Australia Begoña Zufin Amorebieta, Spain L.C. Clark Cleveland, Ohio Szántó Laszló Székesfehérvár, Hungary Velma Brown Cleveland, Ohio Mauro Zoboli Modena, Italy José Antônio Cavalcante Itapissuma, Brazil

3

Progress in Safety
lost workday rate per 200,000 work hours
5

Changing of the Guard
This will be my last annual report letter to shareholders as I will step down as chief executive officer at the annual meeting on May 7. We announced this intention at our 1998 annual meeting, indicating that Alain Belda will become chief executive officer at that time. I will continue as nonexecutive chairman of the board until January 1, 2001 when I will have attained the mandatory retirement age of 65. It is my intention not only to resign as chairman at that time but also to leave the Alcoa Board of Directors so that the active management won't have to worry about what the "old boy" thinks. I believe Mr. Belda and the leadership team we have created together will lead the company to levels of achievement that are unexampled in our industry and that, during their stewardship, Alcoa will reach our objective of being the benchmark company in world industry. One of the great privileges in life is having the opportunity to make a difference. Alcoa's Board of Directors has given me that opportunity, and I, in turn, have done my best to give this priceless gift to each of Alcoa's employees. Their response is demonstrated in our progress and our future potential. My thanks and appreciation for our shared journey to all who call themselves Alcoans. To the directors who have served since 1987: I am grateful for their friendship, their counsel, their wisdom, their ideas and most of all for their constructive challenge, which is the mark of a great Board of Directors, which they are.

4

3

2

1

0

87

88

89

90

91

92

93

94

95

96

97

98

U.S. Manufacturing* Alcoa (Alumax and Inespal not yet included)
*

Source: Bureau of Labor Statistics

Safety as an Indicator
Since 1987, we have made steady progress in moving toward zero safety incidents in the workplace. In 1998, our lost workday rate was .27 ­ an 85% improvement over the industryleading rate we began with in 1987 and a 33% improvement over the .40 rate of 1997. In the last six months, the lost workday rate has declined to .18. You should expect the future to be even better, in safety performance, in growth, in earnings performance, and in the creation of shareholder value.
Alcoans, from the top: Iñaki Rapha-Wood Amorebieta, Spain Michele Kurland Cleveland, Ohio Rosey Mays Lafayette, Ind. Jack Hawker Davenport, Iowa Ron Hoffman Pittsburgh, Pa. Steve Hanna Davenport, Iowa Gino Pisconeri Wagerup, Australia Raj Reddy Cleveland, Ohio

Paul H. O'Neill Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 11, 1999

4

