 CEO Message
In 2015, American Airlines made an all-out push toward merging into a single airline. Through the dedication and hard work of our more than 100,000 team
members, we earned record profits while combining our
operations in the air and on the ground. And we made good on
our goal to fly the youngest, most advanced fleet in the industry. That kind of progress gets noticed by customers and investors. Our team is doing great things, but of course, we always have more work ahead.
Our customers, investors, employees and other stakeholders understand that a modern approach to running our airline must be aligned with a commitment to corporate responsibility. We see our corporate imperatives echoing this sentiment and view them as our path to restoring American as the greatest airline in the world. Equally important is how we measure our success along the way.
Engage our team members
We depend on our team members to give customers the highest level of service. In turn, our employees know they can depend on a safe, engaging workplace and the benefits and compensation they deserve. In 2015, we made major strides toward solidifying our team, reaching joint agreements with flight attendants, pilots and passenger service employees. Our diversity and inclusion programs were again recognized as among the best in the world.
We achieved the highest possible rating in the Human Rights Campaign’s Corporate Equality Index for the 14th consecutive year.
We also increased opportunities for employees and customers to contribute to important causes and community engagement efforts across our focus areas of education, human services and military and veterans initiatives. We were proud to award more than half a million dollars to the college educations of our employees’ dependents. We know our customers’ experience will only be as good as our team’s experience is, so we are approaching employee relations much differently than airlines have in the past.
Focus on our customers’ needs and wants
Throughout 2015, American met a challenging series of milestones. We completed a tremendously complex integration of data, including combining our reservations systems and rewards programs, to ensure we offer a seamless customer experience. We’re proud to say that we accomplished these monumental tasks without any customer disruptions.
American also committed to offering the best travel experience in the business. Through significant capital investments—more than $5.3 billion over the past year alone—we now fly the youngest fleet among all major U.S. airlines. We also have more than $3 billion of product investments under way, including newer, modern interiors, more Wi-Fi and in-seat entertainment across our fleet, and improved menus in our lounges and on our planes.
Be an industry leader
Safety, dependability and reliability are always our top priorities. As part of the process of receiving our Single Operating Certificate from the FAA in 2015, we reviewed 420 manuals, conducted 1,700 Safety Risk Assessments and performed 3,600 operational audits. These efforts help ensure world-class levels of safety and compliance across our operations.
We are committed to offering our customers a reliable travel experience, even as we complete the complex process of integration. Our 2015 on-time performance improved over 2014 by 2 percentage points, and our
 3

 CEO Message (continued)
completion rate remained steady at 98.4 percent. Meanwhile, investments in self-service technology have made our customers’ travel experience easier and more personalized. We know we still have room to improve and we’re committed to being a leader in this space. With every on-time departure, we’re moving closer to our goal of operating the most reliable airline in the industry.
Provide a return for our investors
Integrating two airlines is tremendously complex, and any one of our integration accomplishments would have been a major success story in a given year. Doing all of this while achieving record profits makes us even more proud. American’s financial success in 2015 is a sign that our integration has been a major win for our investors and we’re on a path to become the most profitable airline in the world.
Increased valuation, billions in stock repurchases and hundreds of millions in dividends demonstrate our commitment to investors. Laying the groundwork for the future is another good metric. In 2015, we made billions of dollars in capital investments for aircraft and facilities while strengthening our vigilance around anticipating and managing risk.
Look to the future
When we look to the future, success will be measured by setting our own agenda. As a leading global airline, American’s stewardship of the planet’s resources and its future is a key part of our corporate responsibility. We have established a rigorous Environmental Management System, with regular employee training to ensure full compliance and accountability. We’re minimizing greenhouse gas emissions through investment in new, more efficient aircraft and through Fuel Smart, our employee-led fuel-conservation effort. And we seek opportunities to reduce our environmental footprint through other initiatives like our flight attendant-supported inflight recycling program and the Zero Waste to Landfill program at our Tulsa maintenance base.
We’re excited to share this report with you. While we celebrate the successes of 2015, we know that the path ahead as a responsible global business will require renewed dedication and focus. We invite you to travel with us as we continue on the path to restoring American as the greatest airline in the world, and we welcome your input and feedback.
Sincerely,
Doug Parker, Chairman and CEO
 4
