    Message from Our CEO
  It was another great year at American in 2017. We continued to focus on taking care of our team, delivering what our customers want, returning value to our shareholders and creating a vibrant future for our company.
From our historic fleet renewal program to strengthening our network to the rollout of our Elevate the Everyday Experience training, we are making significant investments in creating a world-class customer experience. And the results are speaking for themselves. Our customer satisfaction scores were the highest in company history in 2017, and we won Air Transport World’s Airline of the Year award for the first time in nearly 30 years. Both are testaments to everything the American Airlines team has accomplished since the merger. We are producing strong financial results and outpacing the industry in revenue performance.
None of these accomplishments would be possible
if we didn’t put our team members first — and we continued to take big steps in 2017 to make culture a competitive advantage at American. We launched an industry-leading maternity and adoption program. We implemented unprecedented mid-contract pay raises for flight attendants and pilots while committing to do the same for all team members if they fall significantly behind their peers at other airlines in base pay. And, we gathered opinions and feedback on how we’re doing from nearly 60,000 of our team members through a companywide survey. American’s team members are proud to work for this great company — and they resoundingly support our continued focus on building trust and respect across all levels of the organization. We realize we still have work to do, but we are encouraged by the progress we have made so far.
At the same time, 2017 was not a year without challenges. The industry faced some difficult questions following several high-profile customer service failures. American elected to take a hard look at our approach to inclusion, diversity and equality after hearing from some customers.
Validating the trust our customers place in us and setting a new standard for inclusion and diversity are responsibilities we take very seriously. We are embracing the opportunity that has been given to us, and that is
resulting in exciting work. This includes expanding existing training tools to help our team de-escalate difficult customer service situations, as well as implementing
new training to recognize — and begin to mitigate — implicit biases.
Building a culture that is characterized by corporate responsibility and mutual trust with our stakeholders is an extremely important part of American’s business strategy. To that end, we have identified four long-term strategic objectives that we believe will position us for success for years to come:
• MakeCultureaCompetitiveAdvantage
• CreateaWorld-ClassCustomerExperience • EnsureLong-TermFinancialStrength
• ThinkForward,LeadForward
We have organized our 2017 Corporate Responsibility Report around these thematic objectives to highlight the achievements we have made — and the work that remains ahead of us.
We look forward to continuing this journey with you as we aim to make 2018 our best year yet.
Sincerely,
Doug Parker
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  2017 Corporate Responsibility Report
3
