    Message from Our CEO
  It was a phenomenal year for American Airlines
in 2016. In October, we cleared one of the most important hurdles in our integration journey with the successful combination of our fleet and pilot
groups into one Flight Operating System (FOS). We
also produced another year of strong financial results while making significant investments in our product and welcoming115newaircraftintoourfleet.Oursuccess in 2016 was recognized by Air Transport World, which named American its 2017 Airline of the Year — the first time we have received the honor in nearly 30 years.
None of these achievements would have been possible without the hard work and dedication of American’s 120,000 team members. We are grateful for and humbled by their grace and professionalism in the face of the constant change and challenge of the past few years. In turn, we’re committed to validating the trust they’ve placed in our company.
As American and our industry have fundamentally
and structurally changed, we recognize that we now must run our business differently than we did in the past. We’re a growing and thriving employer, and we’re working to provide a rewarding, inclusive and supportive work environment where any of our team members can pursue a long, exciting and diverse career path.
If we continue to do trustworthy things for our team, they will continue to take great care of the customers who count on us every day. This will deliver a sustained healthy return for our investors and allow us to reinvest in our team and our operation. As a leading service organization and the world’s largest airline, this is a mission we don’t take lightly — and one we are committed to doing right. That’s why we have made a
commitment to leading differently and bringing trust, care and inclusivity to the forefront.
Becoming the world’s greatest airline brings with it significant responsibility. So we’re mindful of how we’re serving our team members, customers, investors and communities, while taking care of our planet by using resources efficiently. We have made tremendous strides the past few years, but our work is not done. We remain focused on completing our remaining integration tasks, running a safe and reliable operation, and continuing to deliver for all of our stakeholders.
I invite you to explore this report to learn more about American, and I look forward to hearing from you how we can continue to do better.
Sincerely,
Doug Parker Chairman and CEO
  INTEGRATION MILESTONES
   2015
FCA
FARE CLASS ASSIGNMENT
2015
SFFP
SINGLE FREQUENT FLYER PROGRAM
2015
SOC
SINGLE OPERATING CERTIFICATE
2015
PSS
PASSENGER SERVICE SYSTEM (RESERVATIONS)
2016
FOS
FLIGHT OPERATING SYSTEM/SINGLE FOS PARTITION (SFP)
2017-2018
FOI
FLIGHT ATTENDANT OPERATIONAL INTEGRATION
3
