ADVANCE AUTO PARTS

2007 ANNUAL REPORT

Jeff Magee, Store Manager in Pennsylvania, has been with the Team for over 14 years. Jeff is a valued resource to his region and his team, having mentored and coached numerous Team Members. Jeff's current store has outstanding results with regards to turnover, sales and operating income performance.

Letter to our Stockholders
In order to turn around our business, we must begin with a focus on the customer.
2

I am honored to have joined the Advance Auto Parts team, a company that for 75 years has been built on strong values while delivering great value to its customers. Our company's foundation is rooted in an honest, helpful and friendly personality. Now it is time to take that personality to the next level. I am realistic about the road ahead and encouraged about what I am learning.
Where are we? Our Retail and Commercial customers have told us they want parts availability, parts quality and trusted brands, convenient locations and quick parts delivery, and knowledgeable in-store help. Our recent year 2010 store format focus, versus a customer focus, has us playing catch-up on parts availability, parts knowledge and cost structure. Our largest opportunity is driving top line sales growth by focusing on what matters most to our customers. Where are we going? In order to turn around our business, we must begin with a focus on the customer. We must embrace a customer acceleration culture and strategy. We must embrace a turnaround mentality in terms of speed, simplicity, and prioritization. Our strategy is a simple focus on people, our customers and our Team Members. Specifically, the Customer Acceleration strategy targets the retail and commercial customer needs. The customers' needs will require us to prioritize Availability Excellence (parts and solutions), Superior Experience (Team Member knowledge and delivery needs) and Returns per Member (a relentless focus on increasing our profit per Team Member). There is evidence that our parts availability enhancements to date are beginning to positively impact our commercial business. The streamlining of the cost structure that we undertook in 2007 is beginning to pay dividends as well. However, simplification of our store operating model, the transformation of our supply chain and structuring our organization around the customer are all in the initial stages. These are also focused on our largest opportunity which is top line sales growth. Our view of 2008 is that the customer and the related macroeconomic trends will continue to be volatile. The economic environment is what it is. While we do not like it, we are focused on maximizing what we can control while improving our business model for the future. We are focusing on simple ways to build our top and bottom line. Specifically, we are growing our commercial business and building the sales productivity of our inventory and sales floor while simultaneously taking costs and work out that are not adding value to our customer experience.

3

ADVANCE AUTO PARTS

2007 ANNUAL REPORT

John Brooks, Commercial Parts Pro in Kentucky, has been with our Team for over eight years. John's sales, tenure of drivers and dedication to the community are all reasons that he is a star player for our Team.

4

While we are making progress on many initiatives that are focused on the customer, we are just beginning. Our future will require a more adaptive customer-driven model. We will be navigating considerable change as we focus on turning our business around and delivering a better future. Since joining the team at the beginning of 2008, I have been very impressed with our Team Members' commitment to serving our customers. I thank our Team Members for their commitment and look forward to listening to them as we continue to grow our company. We have a ways to go; however, I am confident that the Customer Acceleration strategy is the key to re-igniting the Advance Auto Parts culture to "serve the customer better than anyone else," and that we have assembled the team that is up to the task. I am excited and energized about 2008, as we keep the wheels turning for our customers! We appreciate your support and confidence.

I am confident that the Customer Acceleration strategy is the key to re-igniting AAP's culture to "serve the customer better than anyone else," ... I am excited and energized about 2008, as we keep the wheels turning for our customers!

Sincerely,

Darren R. Jackson, President and Chief Executive Officer

Paige McDonnell works for Autopart International in New Store Development at the corporate office. Paige has been Team Member of the Year the past two years for Autopart International, proving her dedication to the Team and also her customers.

I thank our Team Members for their commitment and look forward to listening to them as we continue to grow our company.
5

