Advance Auto Parts remains a clear industry leader with a growing number of customers and Commercial capabilities.
LEF T: GEORGE SHERMAN President and Interim Chief Executive Officer RIGHT: JACK BROUILLARD Executive Chairman

LETTER TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS

W

e are pleased to present to you our 2015 Annual Report. Thanks to the ongoing hard work and dedication of

 We delivered more than $50 million in cost synergy savings.

approximately 73,000 Team Members, Advance Auto Parts remains a clear industry leader with a growing number of customers and Commercial capabilities.

 We took important steps to drive efficiencies by closing 80 underperforming stores.

We are confident that many of the execution In 2015, we set an ambitious agenda to quickly and aggressively integrate Carquest while driving improved profitability and enhancing stockholder value. While we are not satisfied with our overall performance in 2015, we made considerable progress on a number of important objectives: challenges we faced in 2015 are behind us, and we are clear-eyed about the work that lies ahead in 2016. We are executing against a well-defined plan to deliver improved and more consistent performance. This includes continuing to implement the Carquest market conversion program and working to align our supply chain and store systems  We completed the consolidation of our corporate functions, the integration of our field teams and our pricing alignment work. More broadly, we are becoming a more field-centric organization to drive increased customer satisfaction  We completed the first major wave of our Carquest market conversions and made significant headway toward completing product integration work. and improved repeat business and revenue, further reducing costs and relentlessly pursuing opportunities to drive additional operational efficiencies. to further enhance our overall efficiency.

04

Fundamentally, we are a company made up of more than 5,200 local businesses. In order to realize the full value inherent in our Commercial and doit-yourself (DIY) platform, we must meet the needs of our customers at a local level by aggressively empowering our teams to make decisions in their markets and providing the appropriate operational infrastructure to execute against those decisions.

COMMERCIAL

57%

43%
DIY

COMMERCIAL AND DIY SALES MIX

As we implement a more field-centric structure we are guided by THREE KEY PILLARS:

1. Providing SUPERIOR PARTS AVAILABILITY to ensure we deliver the right part, in the right place, at the right time. We are investing to improve inventory coverage and develop processes that empower and enable our stores to best serve their local customers' unique needs.
-- continued

05

2. Implementing the right infrastructure to achieve OUTSTANDING CUSTOMER SERVICE through flawless execution. We will be investing to further enhance our field and store teams, deliver focused sales and service execution, and continue to scale our key membership programs such as Speed Perks and TECHNET.

The bottom line is clear -- we must deliver improved profitability while remaining laser-focused on growing sales.
LEADING AUTOMOTIVE AFTERMARKET RETAILER IN NORTH AMERICA

Advance operates more than 5,200 stores across 49 states, Canada, Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. We also serve approximately 1,300 independently owned Carquest locations, which gives us presence in all 50 states.

3. Establishing the right incentives to develop FOCUSED AND INSPIRED TEAMS with the desire and tools to win. We are providing our team with broader authority as business owners and positioning our stores to have a simplified customer-focused operating model.

06

As we execute against these three pillars, we are continuing to drive improvements across the organization to deliver profitable growth.

The bottom line is clear -- we must deliver improved profitability while remaining laser-focused on growing sales. We must execute flawlessly for the customer by becoming a Commercial-first business with leading product availability, great teams and efficient operations. We believe our Commercial focus will have synergistic benefits to DIY because the same fundamentals In 2016, we will further develop great Commercial, field and store teams; deliver focused sales and service execution; and scale key Commercial programs such as our strategic accounts and membership programs including TECHNET and ProRewards. apply across the businesses. We will continue to build on our success in growing our Speed Perks membership program and satisfying our DIY customers through our terrific locations.

L E A D E R S H I P U P D AT E S
In addition to our work on the operational side

As we continue to capitalize on the opportunities in our Commercial business, the DIY business remains a strong and essential part of Advance.

of our business, we also announced several important changes to our management team and
-- continued

07

our Board of Directors in 2015. In November, our CEO Darren Jackson announced his plan to retire at the end of the year after more than 11 years with the Company, including the last eight years as CEO. On behalf of the Company, we would like to express deep gratitude to Darren for his many important contributions to Advance's success.

The Board named our President George Sherman to assume the additional role of interim CEO upon Darren's retirement. George has been instrumental in our efforts to expand our Commercial business, improve our operations and integrate Carquest. Through these efforts, George has demonstrated the breadth of skills, customer relationships and leadership capabilities that make him the right choice to lead the Company during this transition period. Additionally, the Company named Jack Brouillard Executive Chairman. Jack has served the Company as a member of the Board since 2004.

C H A R I TA B L E G I V I N G
We have a long histor y of giving back to the communities we serve. Thanks to the generosity of our valued Team Members, customers and vendor partners, Advance continued this tradition in 2015 by giving a total of more than $4 million to Building Homes for Heroes, JDRF and many other worthy organizations. With the generous support of our vendors, we raised $2 million for Building Homes for Heroes, an organization that provides homes to severely wounded U.S. veterans of military service
-- continued on page 10

08

"We are a Company made of more than 5,200 , local businesses. We will be successful by aggressively empowering our teams to serve our customers consistently ntly on a local, personal level by executing on our core operating ating pillars."
-- George Sherman an

OUR ROADMAP TO SUCCESS
S U P E R I O R PA R T S A VA I L A B I L I T Y
The right part, in the right place, at the right time. General Managers will tailor their inventories to best serve their unique local customer base, growing Commercial sales and increasing engagement with DIY customers.

O U T S TA N D I N G C U S T O M E R S E R V I C E
New resources and flawless execution will grow Commercial while strengthening DIY through brand integration synergies, customer loyalty membership programs, and investments into Commercial, field and store team development.

FOCUSED AND INSPIRED TEAMS
Empowered to take broader ownership of their stores, resulting in a simplified and customer-focused operating model. We are providing them the tools to succeed with a hyper-local business model, new sales incentives, and the full support of operations.

09

-- continued from page 8

in Iraq and Afghanistan, and are honored to be their largest single corporate donor. We gave more than $1 million to JDRF to help eradicate type 1 diabetes. In the past 24 years, Advance has raised more than $41 million for JDRF. We are proud of the support we raised in addition to the countless hours our Team Members and their families volunteer each year.

We are committed to delivering improved outcomes, providing great customer service and generating long-term value in 2016.

IN SUMMARY
We have a tremendous platform across Commercial and DIY -- and we are confident in our ability to drive improved profitability and generate increased stockholder value. We are mindful of the work ahead but confident in our ability to build upon our unparalleled footprint to succeed in an evolving marketplace. We are committed to delivering improved outcomes, providing great customer service and generating long-term value in 2016.

Sincerely,

Jack Brouillard
Executive Chairman

George Sherman
President and Interim Chief Executive Officer

10

