Inspire. Serve. Grow.
Darren R. Jackson Chief Executive Officer

Letter to our Stockholders

| 2009 Annual Report

On behalf of our approximately 49,000 Advance Auto Parts Team Members, it is my honor and privilege to present our 2009 Annual Report. First, I would like to thank all of our Team Members and acknowledge their contributions in 2009. Their commitment to living our Advance values and improving performance has enabled us to realize our continued successes. We've seen strong financial results; we've successfully rolled out a number of important strategic initiatives; and ­ most importantly ­ we've strengthened our relationships with our Team Members and our customers.
-- continued on page 3

My entire business is based on how fast I can perform repairs. From parts availability to the actual transaction, they go out of their way for me so I can get back to my job.
Sam Perez, owner of The Mobile Mechanic; Tony Cosentino, Advance General Manager | St Petersburg, Florida

"

"

1

"
2

The people at Advance are just really cool. We just walk in the door and they say, `Welcome Mr. Pope, what do you need today?'
Robert Pope, owner of Pope's Automotive & Edward Pope, owner of Steve's Automotive; Kenneth Mitchell, Advance General Manager | Port Royal, South Carolina

"

In 2009, we continued to make progress on our turnaround which began in 2008. Our focus has been on driving sustainable profit growth for our Team Members and stockholders through a relentless focus on living and teaching our Advance values ­ to inspire and build the self-confidence and success of every Team Member, to serve our customers better than anyone else while helping them succeed, and to grow the business and profitability with integrity. Our values form the foundation of how we do business and serve as the In 2009, Advance was recognized as basis of the measurement and reward the #1 corporate JDRF partner. This is system for our entire team. Our values a prestigious honor that has only been held by one other company since JDRF's inception. have been, and will continue to be, the Our Team Members, customers and vendor foundation for guiding our Company.
partners raised an astonishing $3.8 million

We remain focused on meeting our customers' needs and executing our four key strategies.

in 2009! Working together can truly make an impact on the lives of other people.

Commercial Acceleration ­ Serving commercial customers better than anyone else through superior delivery times, order accuracy and parts availability. DIY Transformation ­ Serving do-it-yourself customers better than anyone else by providing products, services and support tailored to local market needs. Availability Excellence ­ Delivering the right parts to the right place at the right time ­ every time. Superior Experience ­ Consistently providing "Legendary Customer Service" through a relentless focus on execution. In 2009, we moved into the final stages of our turnaround, principally focused on Commercial Acceleration and Availability Excellence to accelerate our growth and profitability. Our eight consecutive quarters of double-digit Commercial comparable store sales growth in our Advance stores along with our 149 basis-point improvement in comparable gross profit rate are clear signs of progress. We have reignited our values, pointed the Company toward our greatest assets ­ our customers and Team Members, by overhauling our pay and performance systems, driving more consistency across our business and developing capabilities to accelerate growth. The turnaround required us to come to grips with both capability and performance gaps, which led us to aggressively pursue the development of our new e-commerce platform for DIY and
-- continued on page 4

3

test our Commercial site, develop a global sourcing operation in Taipei, strengthen our core merchandising capability and increase Team Member training in order to provide our customers with a superior experience and the full solution. Additionally, we had to come to the painful decision to eliminate underperforming locations and departments. These decisions and investments are focused on both catching up and building industry leading capabilities to compete and win in the future. Our customers, Team Members and external market share data validate dedicated Customer Care Center now supports that our choices and investments our e-commerce customers. Today, more than 50 talented professionals with Fortune 500 are paying off. With our third backgrounds are working in-house to enhance Team Calibration survey last fall, our e-commerce capabilities. The Commercial we saw further improvement side of the site will go live in 2010. in our team's engagement in the success of our Company and business direction. Our Customer Satisfaction scores are also improving, which means our customers are noticing our investments to better serve them.
website for DIY in 2009. Additionally, a Advance launched its first e-commerce

Overall, I am very pleased with our strategic and financial accomplishments in 2009 and our improvements over 2008 including: · Our second full year of double-digit Commercial comparable store sales growth · Positive DIY comparable store sales growth for the year · Our store portfolio was expanded by opening 75 new Advance stores and 32 new Autopart International stores · We completed approximately 1,500 store-level inventory upgrades and expanded our supply chain by opening six net new PDQs and 80 HUBs · Sales per square foot increased $10 or 5% to $218 · EPS increased 14% on a comparable operating basis · Free cash flow of $410 million increased 46% · Return on invested capital increased 110 basis points to 15.1% · Customer Satisfaction scores increased from 65 to 73 in DIY and 60 to 64 in Commercial · Our Team Member Engagement scores increased from 65 to 75 · Team Member retention improved to 66% from 61% · Team Members, customers and vendor partners raised over $3.8 million for the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation (JDRF), making us the #1 corporate JDRF partner
-- continued on page 7

4

"

Some days our customers come in just to talk. It's like the song from `Cheers': we're the place `where everybody knows your name.'

Chip Planz, Louis Jackson & Frank Lobraico, Loyal Advance Customers; Barbara Ferris, Advance General Manager | New Milford, Connecticut

"

5

"

They're so good at service. They'll put wipers on my car knowing that I'm a mechanic, because that's what they do the best ­ help you out and save you time.
Daryl Moss, owner of Front Street Trucking; Christine Everett, Advance General Manager | Niles, Ohio

"

Retention & Satisfaction Scores
(1) Team Calibration measures our overall Team's engagement in our business direction.

66%

75%

73

64

61%

The Customer Satisfaction surveys measure the level of our customers' satisfaction with the service they receive in our stores. The Customer Satisfaction scores are calculated using a twelve-month average. However, our first survey was conducted in fall 2008 and therefore the 2008 score does not reflect a full year.
09

(2)

40%

65%

65

60

07

08

09

08

09

08

09

08

Team Member Retention

Team Calibration (1)

DIY Customer Satisfaction (2)

Commercial Customer Satisfaction (2)

The 4 Performance Gauges

(3)

AAP 2009 $218 AAP 2008 $208

Top 3 (4) $222 Leader $241

AAP 2008 $590k AAP 2009 $638k

Top 3 (4) $560k Leader $522k

AAP 2009 $9.9k AAP 2008 $9.5k

Top 3 (4) $14k Leader $20k

AAP 2009 15.1% AAP 2008 14.0%

Top 3 (4) 16.6% Leader 26.1%

(3) Our financial results reported in the referenced performance gauges have been reported on a comparable operating basis to exclude store divestiture expenses in fiscal 2009 and the 53rd week and a non-cash inventory adjustment in fiscal 2008. Refer to the "Selected Consolidated Data" on page 17 of our 2009 Form 10-K included in this Annual Report for an explanation of the calculation of these metrics, excluding ROIC as defined below, as well as the corresponding financial results reported on a GAAP basis. (4) Top 3 represents the three largest automotive

aftermarket retailers of parts, accessories, batteries and maintenance items measured by store count as of December 31, 2009.
(5) SG&A ­ Selling, General and Administrative

Sales Per Square Foot

SG&A Per Store

(5)

Op Income Per Team Member

ROIC%

(6)

expenses.
(6) Return on invested capital (ROIC) is defined as

6

net operating profit after taxes divided by average invested capital. Invested capital consists of total assets and liabilities, excluding cash and debt, and estimated capital lease obligation calculated as annualized rent expense for the applicable year times 6 years.

Throughout this Annual Report, you can see photos and read stories about some of our Team Members who are living examples of how we are growing and transforming our business. Alongside these Team Members, you will also see and read about the customers they are serving better than anyone else. We're here to make our customers' lives easier. There's nothing better than knowing you've helped someone and made a difference in his or her day, and these customers are a testament to those relationships.
In 2009, Advance opened its own office in Taipei, Taiwan in order to support its global

In 2010, we will begin a new chapter sourcing Initiative. To date the program has at Advance. We are aware of the reduced costs, improved product offerings and maximized shipments. Currently, there challenges that we need to overcome, are several projects throughout the Company and we are excited about our that have been identified as future growth progress and our future. We will opportunities for this new program. differentiate Advance by defining our Company's purpose and integrating our values into every customer experience ­ ultimately creating Advance customers for life! Our long-term success will come from our focus on delivering a consistent and sustainable customer experience and developing lasting relationships. To this end we believe we will achieve our goal by focusing on exceeding expectations and creating a better shopping experience for our customers. Everything about our business from our values to our business strategies is designed to build on the culture of service Advance was founded upon 78 years ago. We will ensure that our Team has the necessary leadership, processes, technology, training and development to deliver our value proposition on a consistent and profitable basis. We will continue our focus on our four strategies. In addition, we will place a higher emphasis on the effectiveness of change, as well as the consistency of the customer experience through superior operations and execution. I'm proud of the work the Advance Team accomplished in 2009. I am confident that our future holds some exciting opportunities for all our Team Members, customers and stockholders.

Sincerely,

Darren R. Jackson Chief Executive Officer

7

