LET TER TO STOCKHOLDERS

I am pleased to present to you our 2014 Annual Report. I would like to thank all our Team Members for their hard work and commitment to better serve our customers and grow our business during the past year.

delivers sales growth and provides a superior experience to our DIY customers. We are scaling our new loyalty program called Speed Perks, leveraging our hard parts availability and continuing to invest in Team Member training which we believe will be accretive to business in

In 2014, overall we achieved the objectives we set out to accomplish at the start of the year. Our priorities centered on methodically improving our business while successfully executing on our integration of General Par ts. For the full year, Advance achieved record sales, we outper formed our financial expectations set at the start of the year and generated strong free cash flow.

2015 and beyond.

During the year, we fueled our growth by the addition of 143 new stores and 8 WORLDPAC branches. We continued to improve our supply chain capabilities with the addition of a new distribution center in Hartford, Connecticut enabling more of our stores with daily delivery service. We maintained our commitment to

Our business positions us as one of the most diversified automotive aftermarket suppliers with the largest commercial, on-line and import offerings. Collectively, our base business had a good year led by the strength of our commercial business which delivered consistent results throughout 2014. Our comprehensive commercial value proposition resulting from our General Parts acquisition was instrumental in generating consistent performance during the year. We continued to see strong sales gains from our national and regional account growth and sustained the growth of our leading e-commerce and e-service businesses. The team also continued to make good progress with our commercial service programs including our banner programs and customer training services which produced record levels of performance in 2014.

increase in-market availability by opening 47 hub stores during the year, including expanding our product offering into Canada with our first hub in London, Ontario.

Turning to our integration, we were very pleased with the outcomes of our first full year of integrating General Parts. The cultural assimilation of the teams ranks at the top of our accomplishments. It allowed us to continue delivering great service to customers without disrupting our business during the integration.

We delivered several key integration outcomes in 2014. We improved inventory availability to our customers through sourcing inventory between our stores. Simply put, it allowed us to say "Yes" more of ten to our customers. Advance entered our first new major market in five years with the opening of stores in Dallas, where

Our DIY business improved modestly in 2014 compared to 2013. DIY profitability remains strong and increasing comparable sales growth is a key focus for 2015. We continue to make investments in DIY to ensure Advance

we leveraged the combined assets of Advance and Carquest. These stores have exceeded expectations and we will look to continue our expansion in this and other western markets using the Dallas approach.

LET TER TO STOCKHOLDERS

We kicked off major consolidation activities. They included the first 100 Carquest store consolidations and integration of corporate offices and our field leadership and sales teams. While these integrations have progressed exceptionally well, the process to simplify and rationalize operations is not without challenges. In 2015, we will continue to unify our combined organizational structure to deliver sustained business support and growth, year in and year out.

to focus on growing our business while embarking on the second year of our integration. Our key priorities for 2015 do not change. Our focus on sales growth, service excellence and profit growth underpin our path to being the best. Our opportunity to grow has never been better with our expanded North American footprint and our organic growth potential. We have the value proposition, capabilities and talented Team Members to serve our customers better than anyone else in the industry. Most encouraging from my vantage

The independent customer business was new to our portfolio in 2014, and we are encouraged with the performance of the independently owned Carquest branded stores. This business represents an opportunity to serve portions of the automotive aftermarket that would be more difficult with traditional Advance stores.

point is that 2014 confirmed the growth and value creation potential of Advance Auto Parts. Last year, also confirmed that once integrated, Advance Auto Parts will be positioned as the largest commercial, import and integrated aftermarket supplier with extraordinary organic growth options. The future is exciting.

Each year we highlight that Advance believes service extends beyond our doors into the communities we live and operate in. We take pride in our ability to positively impact so many lives and also consider it one of our greatest responsibilities. Just as our operations are driven by our values, so is our commitment to serving our communities and improving the lives of those in need. In 2014, Advance, in conjunction with our Team Members, customers and vendor partners were privileged to give back over $6.7 million to partner organizations that align with our four focus areas: Health; Arts, Education and Culture; Serving Military and Civilians in Need; and Disaster Relief.

Sincerely,

Darren R. Jackson, Chief Executive Officer

In summary, we expect to build on the methodical improvements we made in our business this year. We are clear on our objectives for the year as we continue

