DEAR FELLOW ADVANCE AUTO PARTS SHAREHOLDERS
 2018 was an exciting year for Advance Auto Parts during which we made significant progress in nearly every aspect of our business. We delivered our highest comparable store sales in eight years of 2.3 percent, significantly narrowed the competitive growth gap, expanded margins and produced record cash flow.
The continuous improvement we saw throughout 2018 would not have been possible without the hard work and dedication of our more than 70,000 Team Members across Advance, as well as our network of Carquest Independent Partners. We delivered operational improvements against many key metrics in 2018, which enabled meaningful, top line growth. This is a testament of our commitment to Our Mission: “Passion for Customers...Passion for Yes!”
As we begin 2019, we are encouraged by the macro indicators and forecasted improvement to key demand drivers for the aftermarket auto parts industry. Our team is focused on serving our Customers better than ever, and we are confident that we will continue to build momentum throughout the year and deliver further progress on our long term goals.
INVESTING IN
LONG TERM GROWTH
In 2018, we began to ramp-up capital investments to drive long term sustainable improvements in our operational and financial performance. As we solidified our foundation for growth and enhanced our Customer Value Proposition, we invested nearly $200 million in both the business infrastructure and tools for our Team Members in 2018. Our 2018 investments were concentrated in information technology and supply chain
initiatives that will address long standing integration opportunities and unlock new capabilities to build competitive advantage and expand margins. In other areas, our investments will eliminate costly and redundant back office systems that add unnecessary costs and create significant inefficiencies. Albeit early in implementation, the strategic efforts we made during the past 12 months are becoming evident in our improving performance results.
EXPANDING MARGINS AND DRIVING FREE CASH FLOW
Advance is uniquely positioned within the automotive aftermarket industry, and for that matter, broader retail, to deliver sustained
margin expansion and generate significant Free cash flow over the next several years. In 2018, we focused on key areas of cost savings to drive margin improvement including our material cost optimization efforts, which resulted in product margin expansion across several major categories. Within our supply chain, we saw continuous improvement through the year as we began to standardize operations throughout our network to enable meaningful improvements in safety, fill rates and order accuracy. In addition, our footprint optimization efforts included the closure of two distribution centers in the back half of the year, and the announcement of a third distribution center that will be closed in the first half of 2019. Finally, through a disciplined approach to controlling costs across the enterprise, we delivered meaningful cost reductions in several key areas of our P&L including lower shrink and defectives, as well as liability and claims insurance as a direct result of improved safety
— continued
                 
performance across Advance. Additionally, we leveraged store labor on a rate basis throughout the year, despite wage inflation pressures experienced nationwide, as we remain focused on delivering productivity improvements in our frontline operations.
Further, our disciplined approach to managing cash and delivering on our capital allocation priorities enabled meaningful improvement in 2018, including a nearly 330 basis point improvement in our AP ratio. Finally, our working capital management resulted in record Free cash flow of $617 million(1) in 2018, an increase of 50 percent year over year.
PASSION FOR CUSTOMERS... PASSION FOR YES!
Across Advance, we are focused on our commitment to a Customer first approach in every decision and every investment we make. Whether it is a Do-It-Yourself (DIY) or Professional Customer, we are working each and every day to ensure we improve our fundamental Customer Value Proposition. We recognize that Customer needs continue to evolve, and we must develop capabilities to ensure we can serve the Customer in an evolving landscape. This includes innovative digital platforms that make it easier for our Customers to do business with us as their trusted partner for all of their automotive needs.
Our Customer focused transformation efforts in 2018 included the roll out of Cross Banner Visibility, which enables our Team Members, as well as our Professional Customers, to view the entire breadth of our parts catalog, regardless of banner, in one place. This was completed during the first quarter and was a meaningful driver of our comparable store sales growth throughout the year.
Additionally, our Professional Customers also benefitted from the introduction of MyAdvance, our consolidated professional front-end portal, in the second half of 2018, which includes the AdvancePro platform and provides access to the full assortment of parts across the Advance family. MyAdvance combines nearly 30 different tools in one place, providing Professional Customers a unique experience with best in class shop services and solutions, including an “Expert Corner” in areas such as shop management.
We are excited to further enhance our Customer Value Proposition and grow market share in 2019. With several investments planned this year to better serve our Customers, including the roll out of our omnichannel partnership with Walmart.com, Dynamic Assortment and a mobile app, we are focused on delivering sales growth and margin expansion.
CORPORATE SUSTAINABILITY AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
In line with our commitment to provide our stakeholders further transparency to all that we are doing at Advance
to deliver Our Vision: Advancing a World in Motion, we published our inaugural Corporate Sustainability and Social Report in December 2018. We recognize the impor tance of delivering winning results while advancing the professional development and growth of our Team Members. In addition, we believe it is our responsibility to help leave the world a better place for future generations and operate as a trusted partner to our Team Members and communities where we live and serve. Consistent with these priorities, our report includes a concentrated focus on three key areas: our people, our planet and our community.
                — continued

             Our People
long term success. These beliefs are highlighted throughout our field operations and corporate offices, and are engrained in everything we do:
Speak Up
Be Accountable Take Action
Grow Talent
Move Forward Champion Inclusion
We recognize the knowledge, dedication and unrelenting focus by our Team Members will continue to be a differentiating factor in the transformation of Advance.
Throughout 2018, we continued our focus on increasing Diversity & Inclusion across the enterprise. We are incredibly
proud of our progress during 2018 where we increased representation of females and people of color in leadership roles by 25 percent. Our continued progress in this critical area was recognized by the Triangle Business Journal, a leading business publication serving the Raleigh, Durham and Chapel Hill, North Carolina areas, with their “Leaders in Diversity” award for 2018. The award recognizes our commitment to Diversity & Inclusion through our “Champion Inclusion” Cultural Belief: I embrace the diversity of people, thoughts, skills and styles to deliver results.
In addition to meaningful progress enhancing our diverse and inclusive workforce, we are committed to continuous expansion of our learning and development opportunities for Team Members at all levels of our organization. In 2018 alone,
we invested significantly in new capabilities and increased our training courses by 40 percent! With an extensive and robust training platform, we are creating a culture of continuous learning where our Team Members have the tools necessary to achieve the personal and professional growth they desire.
It is critical that we continue investing in not only the development of our Team Members, but also in the
long term financial opportunities we provide them to help strengthen both their current earnings and future savings opportunities. As such, we continued our investments in key incentive programs in 2018, including our Fuel the Frontline and Be An Owner recognition programs. Since the initial roll out in 2016, we have now granted more than 16,000 equity awards valued at more than $40 million to nearly 10,000 Team Members. We are confident our Fuel the Frontline investments have been a key driver in the dramatic reduction in frontline turnover over the past two years. In addition, we recently announced significant improvements to our retirement savings, including a material increase to the company match for our 401(k) participants.
Throughout Advance, we recognize our Team Members are our best part and investing in their success underscores
our commitment to them. Increasingly over the past several years, our Team Members are taking notice of our investments in both their development and the tools needed to do their job better, which is improving the overall culture and health of our organization. We saw marked improvement in our 2018 Organizational Health Survey, including areas such as “Supervisors inspire high performance through their leadership,”
  Our cultural beliefs are the foundation of how we work and live and are essential to our
                                                                          — continued

                                  “Team Members have clearly defined objectives and know how to help the company meet its objectives” and “Support for diversity is strong in all levels.”
As we begin the third year of our transformation journey, we are excited with the progress we have made with Team Member engagement and look forward to what lies ahead to further enhance the Advance culture.
Our Planet
At Advance, we are dedicated to reducing our environmental impact while ensuring we leave the world a better place for future
generations. These efforts include waste reduction through our increased recycling programs where we have delivered consistent improvement during the last several years. Nearly all of our stores and branches include robust programs for motor oil, lead acid batteries and antifreeze recycling. Additionally, we continue to make notable improvements in our overall energy efficiency. This includes the installation of LED lighting, high efficiency HVAC systems and a centralized energy management system. Further, the ongoing conversion of our 15,000+ store delivery fleet from V6 pickup trucks to more economical hybrid and four cylinder automobiles is enabling a reduction in both emissions and fuel costs.
Our commitment to reducing our environmental impact is an ongoing effort, and while we have made progress, we are committed to doing more in the years to come. We will continue to invest in meaningful systems and processes to enable further improvement and look forward to sharing updates on our progress as we execute on our long term strategic objectives.
Our Community
In 2018, Advance focused on three major charitable partnerships at a corporate level. We continued our 24
year relationship with JDRF and their mission to find a cure for Type 1 Diabetes - helping raise more than $44 million during our partnership.
At Advance, we are dedicated to our veterans, and continued our support of Building Homes for Heroes. This organization builds and modifies homes for men and women who were injured while serving our country, and then gifts them, mortgage free, to veterans and their families. In 2018, Advance helped by raising $2 million, bringing our total amount raised since 2011 to more than $11 million.
This year, we also began our national support of the American Heart Association (AHA) where we served as chair of the Triangle Heart Walk in 2018. Unfortunately, heart disease and stroke is the number one killer in America and has a significant impact on our own Team Members. This makes supporting the AHA an important cause for all of us at Advance. This was a record year for the North Carolina event with nearly $2 million in total contributions, of which Advance raised more than $500,000 to help fight heart disease and stroke.
THINK AHEAD. THINK ADVANCE.
Think Ahead. Think Advance, our new marketing campaign is a multi-platform digital and audio campaign launched in the third quarter of 2018. Through early tracking of engagement and customer perception, we are seeing the highest level
          — continued

of brand awareness since we began tracking these metrics in early 2017. We know our Customers are passionate about their cars and this campaign focuses on our commitment to them. At Advance, we are creating value and true partnerships in order to be the trusted partner for all Customer’s auto part needs.
ADVANCING IN 2019
On behalf of our entire leadership team, we are extremely proud of our 2018 accomplishments, but we are even more excited
about the road ahead. We recently updated our Strategic Business Plan and are confident in our ability to successfully deliver on our 2019 objectives.
Through the combination of improving underlying industry fundamentals and, importantly, our ability to drive further execution improvements throughout Advance, we will continue to build on our momentum throughout 2019 and beyond. We are committed to delivering top line growth, margin expansion and strong cash flow as we continue to invest in our transformation objectives.
In summary, we are confident we are on the right path, with the right plan and have the absolute best Team Members in the industry to help us capitalize on the significant opportunities ahead.
Thank you for your continued support as we remain focused on delivering sustainable value and growth for all of our Team Members, Customers and shareholders.
Respectfully,
Tom Greco
President and Chief Executive Officer
Jeffrey C. Smith
Chairman of the Board
               (1) Free cash flow is a non-GAAP measure and should be considered in addition to, but not as a substitute for, information contained in our “Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows” that can be found on page 35 in our 2018 Form 10-K included in this annual report. Free cash flow of $617 million can be reconciled to net cash provided by operating activities on a GAAP basis of $811 million by adding back purchases of property and equipment of $194 million.
