13NOV201221365766

Dear AbbVie Shareholder: When AbbVie launched as a new company in January of 2013, our stated goal was to create an innovation driven, patient-focused biopharmaceutical company capable of delivering sustainable top-tier performance by creating a consistent stream of innovative new medicines that advance standard of care for patients. In our first two years, we have made significant progress against that mission. We have advanced our culture to be faster, more agile, with a strong focus on innovative science and patient insight; refined our therapeutic focus to invest in areas where we have deep knowledge of the science and biology; built a robust pipeline of potential new medicines; and supplemented the strong talent we have from our legacy company Abbott with new talent from diverse backgrounds and experiences. Over that two-year period, we have delivered strong growth from our promoted, on-market portfolio, including market-leading growth from Humira. We have worked to improve our operational efficiency including improvement in our gross margin profile. We maintained our strong commitment to returning cash to our shareholders through our strong and growing dividend. And, we delivered industry-leading total shareholder return of over 105%. Quite simply, AbbVie is not the same company we were just two years ago. Today we have major leading franchises in immunology, virology and a strong emerging franchise in oncology. Our late-stage pipeline has progressed well with strong pivotal data on several important assets such as Zinbryta, Elagolix and Venetoclax. 2014 was an exceptional year for AbbVie. We delivered top-tier financial performance as well as advanced our overall strategic imperatives for our business. Our sales and earnings exceeded original projections during the year, our leading brands delivered outstanding performance, and we delivered results that exceeded our financial guidance. In addition to delivering both strong revenue and profit growth, we continued to provide excellent capital returns to our shareholders through increasing our cash dividend by nearly 17 percent, and implementing a $5 billion stock repurchase program. Humira, our flagship treatment for rheumatoid arthritis and other autoimmune conditions, continued to perform exceptionally well with product sales increasing by nearly 19%, to $12.5 billion for the year. Our other leading brands Duodopa (Parkinson's disease), Creon (pancreatitis), Synagis (lung disease), and Synthroid (hypothyroidism) also turned in double-digit performance. In December, we strengthened our product portfolio with the first launch of Viekira, our novel hepatitis C therapy that represents a significant advancement in the treatment of this disease. We made significant progress in advancing our pipeline, which is the strongest in our history. AbbVie has more than 40 programs in clinical development, with 30 of those in Phase 2 or later. We have 10 ongoing or recently initiated potential registration programs in oncology; completed late-stage clinical trials in virology, neuroscience and immunology;

and advanced several early-stage assets into mid-stage development. We are well positioned to deliver strong performance in 2015 and beyond. In 2014 we entered into a number of new and innovative collaborations and licensing arrangements, including our partnership with Calico, the Google-based life sciences company. Each of these collaborations is designed to further advance our pipeline of new and promising therapies. We also continued to evaluate promising strategic acquisitions that provide operational benefits, strong, financial performances and meet our criteria for return to our shareholders. We've set a high bar for ourselves as we move into the next stage of our evolution, and we remain in an excellent position to deliver on our commitments to patients, physicians, payors and shareholders. On behalf of our 26,000 employees, I want to thank you for your trust and confidence in AbbVie.

Sincerely,

4DEC201212233206 Richard A. Gonzalez Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

