13NOV201221365766
Dear AbbVie Stockholder: On January 1, 2013, AbbVie was launched as an independent, $18 billion dollar biopharmaceutical company, bringing together the stability, resources and commercial capabilities of a global pharmaceutical company with the focus, culture and agility of a biotech. AbbVie represents a unique investment opportunity, with a number of attributes that set us apart from other healthcare companies. Our flagship product--Humira--delivered another year of outstanding performance in 2012, and is well positioned to continue to drive durable growth and cash flow generation for many years to come. In addition to Humira, we have a rich portfolio of medicines, including a mix of differentiated growth brands and sustainable performers. We hold market leadership positions across numerous therapeutic categories. For example:  AndroGel has a strong leadership position in the testosterone replacement market;  Lupron is the leading hormone therapy for the palliative treatment of advanced prostate cancer;  Creon is the leading pancreatic enzyme therapy for conditions associated with cystic fibrosis and chronic pancreatitis;  Synthroid is the number-one branded synthetic hormone therapy for thyroid disease and one of the most widely prescribed products in the United States;  Synagis is the only pharmaceutical product indicated for the prevention of serious lower respiratory tract infection caused by respiratory syncytial virus;  And, Kaletra and Norvir remain important antiviral medicines for the treatment of HIV. As an innovation-driven biopharmaceutical company, we're focused on delivering breakthrough science. Our pipeline includes a number of medicines with the potential to be transformational for patients and offers significant opportunity for investors. Our mid- and late-stage pipeline includes more than 20 compounds or indications focused on areas of significant unmet need, including hepatitis C, multiple sclerosis, endometriosis, Parkinson's disease, cancer, schizophrenia, Alzheimer's disease, uterine fibroids and renal disease. We're very pleased with the progress of our pipeline, and expect to continue to advance many of these assets throughout 2013. We're also very pleased with our financial position as we start operations as an independent company. AbbVie's capital structure and strong cash flow will ensure our ability to support our strong dividend as well as the funding of our operations going forward. We've set an excellent foundation for AbbVie, with a strong and experienced management team, sustainable leadership positions across our specialty portfolio, a compelling new product pipeline, and a commitment to returning cash to stockholders. I'm proud to be an AbbVie stockholder and employee, and I thank you for your trust in and commitment to our company. Best regards,

4DEC201212233206
Richard A. Gonzalez Chairman and CEO

