 13NOV201221365766
Dear AbbVie Stockholder,
2017 marked our fifth year as AbbVie and proved to be our most successful year since we launched in 2013. AbbVie has come a long way since those early days as a new biopharmaceutical company, but our focus and dedication to develop innovative new therapies while delivering top-tier performance endures. However, we didn’t come this far, to only come this far. The transformation we have made into a high performing biopharmaceutical company positions us well to continue to deliver outstanding performance.
Our performance since inception has been nothing short of remarkable with a consistent track record of revenue and adjusted earnings growth at or near the top of our peer group, whether you measure that by our 2017, three-year or five-year performance. Since our inception, we’ve generated significant stockholder value with a total return of nearly 240 percent, more than double that of the S&P 500 Index and number one in our peer group.
In 2017, we delivered our third consecutive year of double-digit growth while continuing to invest for the future. Full-year revenue grew 10 percent to $28.2 billion, with adjusted earnings per share growth of more than 16 percent to $5.60. Investment in R&D grew more than 16 percent to $4.8 billion, as we launched three new products and indications and advanced several late-stage programs in registrational trials and regulatory review. More than 60 programs exploring new technologies and approaches to treatment are in active clinical development across our key therapeutic areas and we remain on track to launch more than 20 new products or indications by 2020. AbbVie is well-positioned to continue to meet the needs of patients we serve with a pipeline of innovative medicines that are capable of generating premier and sustained growth through the rest of the decade and beyond.
Our future has never looked better. Humira, the most widely prescribed autoimmune biologic therapy, will continue to be an important growth driver for several years. In 2017, we reached global resolution of our most advanced patent litigation regarding Humira. Beyond Humira, our portfolio of on-market therapies, combined with the significant potential of our late-stage pipeline is expected to generate more than $35 billion in revenue in 2025.
The enactment of U.S. tax reform legislation in 2017 further strengthens our ability to drive meaningful superior long-term performance. We will continue to invest globally to support our business. We have also made a commitment to increase investment in our company, employees and communities to further our strategic and corporate priorities. Over the next five years, we will invest $2.5 billion in U.S. capital projects. In addition, we have increased compensation for non-executive employees and accelerated funding of our pensions. Finally, we are donating an additional $350 million to U.S. nonprofit organizations in 2018, the largest gift in AbbVie’s history. The donations will drive a profound impact in three areas that align with AbbVie’s philanthropic pillars of building strong communities, sustainable health care systems and education.
We have demonstrated our strong commitment to our stockholders as well, with top-tier dividend growth of 140 percent since our inception. We remain committed to using our robust cash flow to invest in our business to sustain long-term growth and reward our stockholders with a strong return of capital.
We’ve achieved unprecedented success in our first five years, but our work is not done. With leading scientific and industry expertise, our employees around the world are passionate and dedicated to delivering hope and life-changing innovation to patients and their loved ones. We remain steadfast to our vision of having a remarkable impact on patients’ lives and thank you for your continued support of our company.
Sincerely,
Richard A. Gonzalez
4DEC201212233206
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
