  Fellow Shareholders:
Fiscal year 2006 was an outstanding year at AmerisourceBergen as the Company delivered revenue, operating income and earnings per share growth resulting in a significant increase
in shareholder value. At the same time the Company remains focused on future opportunities in each of our businesses as we understand it is sustained performance that drives superior, long-term shareholder value.
Your Board continues its active involvement in overseeing the strategic direction of AmerisourceBergen. We remain focused on governance duties, including our continued compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley requirements. We also seek ways to further align the Board and management with shareholders’ interests. For example, this year we adopted a stock ownership obligation that requires directors and senior management to own appropriate amounts of stock in AmerisourceBergen.
In May 2006, we welcomed to the Board Michael J. Long, Senior Vice President and President, North America and Asia/Pacific Components for Arrow Electronics, Inc. His strong background
in distribution, his proven leadership and his commitment to innovation make him a valuable addition to the Board.
As planned, William D. Sprague, Senior Vice President and General Counsel and long-time Secretary to the Board, will be retiring in 2007. I want to express on behalf of the Board our appreciation for his excellent counsel and outstanding service to AmerisourceBergen.
I invite you to read this Annual Report, and in particular Dave Yost’s letter to shareholders, to gain a clear view of your Company’s performance and an understanding of the significant growth opportunities which lie ahead.
On behalf of the Board, thank you for your continued support.
Richard C. Gozon Chairman of the Board
                   AmerisourceBergen (NYSE:ABC) is one of the world’s largest pharmaceutical services companies serving the United States, Canada and selected global markets. Servicing both healthcare providers and pharmaceutical manufacturers in
the pharmaceutical supply channel, the Company provides drug distribution and related services designed to reduce costs and improve patient outcomes. AmerisourceBergen’s service solutions range from logistics and pharmaceutical packaging to reimbursement and pharmaceutical care consulting services, as well as physician education. With more than $61 billion in annual revenue, AmerisourceBergen is headquartered in Valley Forge, PA, and employs more than 13,000 people.
   From the Chairman
