  CEO Statement
To our Stockholders:
I am pleased to report strong financial and operational performance in fiscal 2016. We grew our revenues 8% to nearly $147 billion, and on the basis of U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, diluted earnings per share was $6.32. Adjusted diluted earnings per share was up 14% to $5.62,
We grew our revenues
8% to nearly $147 billion, and on the basis of U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, diluted earnings per share was $6.32. Adjusted diluted earnings per share was up 14% to $5.62, and we generated free cash flow of $2.7 billion.
Steve Collis
President, Chairman & CEO
and we generated free cash flow of $2.7 billion.1 During the year, we improved our balance sheet, repurchased more than $700 million of stock under our regular share repurchase programs, and successfully mitigated the dilutive impact of the exercise of the two tranches of warrants that were issued to Walgreens Boots Alliance in 2013 in connection with our strategic, long-term relationship. Over the course of my five years as CEO, I am very proud that the Company grew revenues at a compound annual growth rate of 13%, which drove a diluted earnings per share compound annual growth rate of 20% and an adjusted diluted earnings per share compound annual growth rate of 16% over the same period. This performance has provided us with significant financial flexibility in fiscal 2017.
Importantly, we continue to make meaningful progress in addressing the challenging environment our core pharmaceutical distribution business faces as scrutiny of overall healthcare costs and pharmaceutical pricing dynamics has increased. Certain other areas of our business continue to perform very well, including our most recent acquisitions, AmerisourceBergen Animal Health (formerly MWI Veterinary Supply) and PharMEDium. Our Specialty Group also continued its strong performance in fiscal 2016.
Our associates are the key to our success. I take tremendous pride in their passion and drive. They come to work
  AmerisourceBergen Summary Annual Report 2016 | 5

  every day with a focus on positively impacting patients’ lives while creating value for our stakeholders. I am also privileged to work with an outstanding group of leaders at AmerisourceBergen, including our most senior executives who serve on the executive management team, and the members of our Board of Directors. Our Board encourages us to develop our talent pipeline while building a diverse workforce. One of the areas we are proud of is the strong role women play in our Company. In particular, I would like to note the impressive female leadership that resides in both the executive management team and the Board, which is especially embodied in our Lead Independent Director, Jane E. Henney, M.D. Dr. Henney is uniquely qualified to serve in this important role due to her extensive background and expertise in healthcare, regulatory oversight, and corporate governance.
In fiscal 2016, we also stepped up our efforts to increase our participation in the communities we serve. Established in 2014, the AmerisourceBergen Foundation makes charitable grants to fund programs and organizations that focus on health-related causes and educational opportunities to enrich the lives of members of the global community. For example, the Foundation provided support to Partners in Health, a global organization devoted to delivering healthcare to underserved populations in the developing world. The Foundation’s grant will help build a state-of-the-art pharmaceutical distribution center in Haiti.
We have also been strengthening our commitment to sustainability and developing the tools and analytical capabilities to improve our disclosures on sustainability metrics. We established a steering committee to govern our
Our associates are the key to our success. I take tremendous pride in their passion and drive. They come to work every day with a focus on positively impacting patients’ lives while creating value for our stakeholders.
 6 | AmerisourceBergen Summary Annual Report 2016

  sustainability activities and policies across the enterprise, and oversight of our corporate and social responsibility programs is now part of the charter for our Board’s Governance and Nominating Committee. And, we responded to CDP’s survey on greenhouse gas emissions this past year, and we will continue to enhance our disclosures in this area in the years ahead.
Let’s turn now to the performance in our business units in the fiscal year. AmerisourceBergen Drug Corporation had solid revenue growth of 6% and good performance in all of its customer segments. While our community pharmacy customers certainly face challenges in the rapidly changing environment, I truly believe that this is a time of tremendous opportunity for independent pharmacy. Patients are benefitting from the accessibility to pharmacy care and the expansion of healthcare offerings that are being offered in community pharmacies. Tens of thousands of patients still turn to independent community pharmacy for all of their healthcare needs, and we are working to continue to expand upon that cornerstone of quality healthcare. I believe the programs we are offering in our Good Neighbor Pharmacy program and Elevate Provider Network, among others, will continue to add value to this important segment and allow our customers to maintain their presence with their patients and the plans they service.
Partnering with key customers and developing lasting, sustainable relationships has been one of our primary objectives for the last several years. We knew the world would be changing quickly, and while we could not foresee every conceivable outcome, we believed that if we could sign up the right customers for the long-term, we would be much better able to face the market challenges together. Being able to take a long view drives innovative thinking.
  AmerisourceBergen Summary Annual Report 2016 | 7

 In addition to having the right customers, we need to make the right investments. A great example of this is our acquisition of PharMEDium. The integration has been seamless and performance has exceeded our expectations. Our health systems customers understand the value of the products and services that PharMEDium provides, and more importantly, it is the quality of its compounded sterile preparations that enables it to earn new business. PharMEDium has been an excellent addition to AmerisourceBergen, and embodies all the important criteria we target for successful acquisitions. It is an outstanding fit strategically, financially and culturally, and we are very excited about the future potential of this business.
AmerisourceBergen Specialty Group once again had a very strong year, with excellent performance across the board. We are the global leader in the distribution of specialty drugs and have long championed patient access to specialty products. The unique portfolio of services we offer makes us a trusted partner in nearly every aspect of bringing specialty products to market. From supporting clinical trial logistics, to consulting on commercialization strategies, we are participating in early life-cycle activities and the development of markets for both innovative new therapies and biosimilars.
Our Specialty Group is comprised of market leaders, including our oncology business, our plasma, vaccine, and other physician office distribution businesses, and our third party logistics business. Together, the group is the undisputed leader
in enabling specialty product success, and is the essential partner for manufacturers, for providers, and ultimately for the patients they serve. This portfolio of offerings we have built will only become more important as the focus on value and cost efficiency increases.
Our consulting and patient services businesses also had a strong year while beginning to implement a new enterprise resource planning system. This information technology platform will enable new possibilities for growth by driving internal efficiencies and expanding our capability to provide
I am confident that the strength of our long-term customer relationships and unique portfolio of integrated services will remain a compelling value proposition
to pharmaceutical manufacturers and healthcare provider customers.
 8 | AmerisourceBergen Summary Annual Report 2016

 custom tailored programs and services to our manufacturer customers. The expertise we have in developing patient access and adherence programs and the experience we bring to bear in the regulatory, compliance, and policy areas are clear differentiators for AmerisourceBergen.
The most significant global footprint we have today is in our World Courier business, which continues to grow. World Courier has been a very consistent performer for our Company, and its team continues to strengthen its position as the undisputed leader in niche premium logistics, particularly in support of clinical trials. World Courier is also undergoing an enterprise resource planning system implementation as well as a new logistics platform implementation, which are both progressing well. These technology and infrastructure enhancements will support World Courier’s market leadership for many years to come.
Our market leading animal health business, AmerisourceBergen Animal Health, had a very good year. Its performance is primarily being driven by the companion side of the business where organic growth, new innovative product introductions, and market share gains all contributed. In addition, penetration rates with existing customers are improving. Overall, AmerisourceBergen Animal Health performs exceptionally well from an operational and financial perspective, and its management has made significant and ongoing contributions to our Company. We expect to continue to invest in the animal health business, as it is an area which we have only just begun to realize the full potential of the opportunities that lie ahead.
While we expect fiscal 2017 growth will be somewhat below our historical rate of performance, I believe we have positioned ourselves well to work through the near term headwinds and take advantage of longer term growth opportunities. The
investments we have made will serve us well as we navigate the complex and continuously evolving healthcare landscape. I am very confident that we will continue to drive growth because we provide essential services to the global healthcare system and, most importantly, to patients, in an incredibly efficient and effective manner.
In summary, I have great confidence in AmerisourceBergen’s future. Despite many unexpected headwinds in fiscal year 2016, we reported 14% growth in adjusted diluted earnings per share; this growth is on top of two successive 20% growth years in fiscal 2015 and 2014. While I am personally disappointed that we expect fiscal 2017 will not be as strong as our past three years’ performance, I am confident that the strength of our long-term customer relationships and unique portfolio of integrated services will remain a compelling value proposition to pharmaceutical manufacturers and healthcare provider customers. Our management team shares my passion and drive for producing strong and sustainable results while also delivering outstanding customer service. We provide
a vital service in the global healthcare system, and we do so with the ultimate goal of improving the lives of patients while delivering balanced, long-term value to all of our stakeholders.
Sincerely,
Steven H. Collis
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer
1 See page 14 of this report for more information regarding the non-GAAP financial measures adjusted diluted earnings per share and free cash flow.
 AmerisourceBergen Summary Annual Report 2016 | 9
