  13
To Our Stockholders:
AmerisourceBergen continued to execute its strategy of focusing on pharmaceutical distribution and related services in our year ended September 30, 2008 and our associates delivered strong performance for the fiscal year. In a challenging economic environment, we grew our revenue 7% to a record $70.2 billion, with operating income in pharmaceutical distribution increasing 15%. For the third year in a row, we increased our operating margin. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the year were $2.89, including $0.03 in special charges,
an increase of 14%. Our compounded annual growth rate in EPS from continuing operations was 16% over the last 7 years. We continued to be diligent in the management of our assets and generated $737 million in cash flows from operations in the fiscal year, exceeding our long-term goal of cash flow approximating net income. We have maintained our financial flexibility, and our balance sheet continues to be very strong.
In July 2008, we achieved a ratings upgrade from Moody’s, a rare event in the current turbulent economic and credit environment. Last spring, we expanded our availability under
our liquidity facilities. We have no scheduled long-term debt repayments for several years, and we are well positioned to weather the financial and credit market turbulence.
In fiscal 2008, we streamlined our organizational structure, increasing organizational agility, and rolled out our cE2 program, an operating philosophy focused on Customer Efficiency and Cost Effectiveness. We will continue to exercise cost discipline in fiscal 2009, keeping our expenses flat or lower than in fiscal 2008. It is important to note, we will maintain this fiscal discipline while continuing to invest in our future.
In the past year, we began our Business Transformation program which will develop and deploy enhanced capabilities in all areas of ABC’s business and infrastructure using a new enterprise resource planning system, beginning with AmerisourceBergen Drug Corporation and the corporate office. Over the next three years, our Business Transformation program, along with our other continuous efforts to improve our business, will enhance our efficiency and improve our customers’ ability to transact business with us.
These improvements will serve us well as we continue to grow our business. Our pharmaceutical distribution business grew its revenues 7% in fiscal 2008, a year in which overall market growth slowed to low single digit growth and our specialty distribution business faced dramatic reductions in the sales of products used to treat anemia in oncology patients. We improved
our pharmaceutical distribution operating margin by 7 basis points in fiscal 2008 to 1.19%, on top of the 6 and 8 basis point increases we had in our two previous fiscal years. The margin improvement was driven by the performance of our proprietary PRxO® Generics program, and expense management. We expect to maintain our trend of improving our operating margin in the low to mid single digits going forward.
AmerisourceBergen Packaging Group continues to meet or exceed our expectations, and is well positioned as pharmaceutical manufacturers continue to outsource non-core functions. We operate over 200 packaging lines and are a preferred supplier to top global brand manufacturers and have preferred relationships with a large segment of generic manufacturers.
In fiscal 2008, we used our cash to repurchase $680 million of our common stock, and we used approximately $162 million to acquire Bellco Health, a premier distributor in the metropolitan New York area, and our largest acquisition to date. Bellco is now fully integrated into our operations, and made significant contributions to our success in fiscal 2008. In October of 2008, we divested our workers’ compensation business, PMSI, further allowing us to focus on our core business.
Looking ahead, I am confident that our Company is well positioned to weather the turbulent economy and financial markets. The pharmaceutical distribution industry is resilient due to the aging population, new products, new indications for old products, increased utilization of generics, and its relatively inelastic product demand. Our Company is resilient within that industry because we are extremely efficient, we serve a diverse mix of customers with a diverse portfolio of products, we are singularly focused on pharmaceutical distribution, and we are financially strong, with a deep and experienced leadership team.
Our associates work with dedication and ingenuity every day to exceed the expectations of our customers. You should take great pride, as I do, in our associates who toil each and every day knowing that people’s health and lives depend upon what they do. It is my great pleasure to work with them on your behalf.
Thank you for your continued support and interest in AmerisourceBergen.
R. David Yost
President and Chief Executive Officer January 9, 2009
 