  To our Stockholders
During fiscal 2018, AmerisourceBergen continued to execute its differentiated strategy and position the Company for long-term growth as a pharmaceutical-centric healthcare solutions provider. We received several high-profile awards and recognition during the year, including being ranked #12 on the Fortune 500 and #19 on Forbes’ list of the world’s top 100 most innovative companies. Our 21,000 dedicated associates across 150 offices in 50 countries continue to think, plan and act strategically to improve efficiency, support partner growth, champion patient access and build long-term, sustainable value for our stockholders. We have great appreciation for and confidence in our strong team, and recognize that further development of our talent and shaping of our culture will continue to power our ability to execute and drive growth.
Steve Collis
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer
  4 | AmerisourceBergen Summary Annual Report 2018

  Creating Value for our Customers, Partners and Stockholders
I am pleased to report solid financial and operational performance in fiscal 2018. In spite of some challenges, we are proud of what we accomplished. Our revenues increased 10% to $167.9 billion and, on the basis of U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, diluted earnings per share was $7.53. Adjusted diluted earnings per share increased 10.4% to $6.49 due to AmerisourceBergen’s ability to execute and deliver on its differentiated value proposition, a lower effective tax rate and a balanced and disciplined approach to capital deployment.1
In fiscal 2018, our Pharmaceutical Distribution Services segment had strong revenue growth of 10%. Even with ongoing challenges at PharMEDium, this segment successfully executed important strategic initiatives that further strengthened and expanded our relationships with key anchor customers. For example, our teams helped to enable the seamless integration of more than 1,900 Rite Aid stores acquired by our largest partner, Walgreens Boots Alliance, increased share of wallet within our existing customer base, and continued to progress on customer contract rebalancing efforts—successfully renewing customer contracts, including Humana. Furthermore, we acquired H. D. Smith, the largest independent pharmaceutical wholesaler in the U.S., strengthening our core business and expanding and enhancing our strategic scale in U.S. pharmaceutical distribution; and integrating the business while maintaining strong customer service.
1 See page 14 for more information regarding the non-GAAP financial measure adjusted diluted earnings per share.
  AmerisourceBergen Summary Annual Report 2018 | 5
The Pharmaceutical Distribution Services segment also continues to benefit from our leadership in Specialty distribution, as we provide key services for our customers in this fast-growing part of the market. Our extensive footprint in the Specialty market is a clear differentiator for AmerisourceBergen, enabling us to further leverage our strength and scale to ensure that patients have access to vital pharmaceuticals whenever and wherever they need them.
Our revenues increased 10% to $167.9 billion and adjusted diluted earnings per share increased
10% to $6.49 due to AmerisourceBergen’s ability to execute and deliver on its differentiated value proposition.
   
  AmerisourceBergen remains committed to delivering a best-in-class customer experience through the design of innovative services and solutions that unlock new value for manufacturers and provider partners. Our highly automated distribution network and key technology offerings enable the successful, efficient navigation of a complex supply chain while maintaining product safety and security. Our ABC Order system—designed by pharmacists, for pharmacists—continues to help providers operate more effectively and efficiently. Given its differentiated value and high customer satisfaction scores, ABC Order was expanded and launched to support our Health Systems customers— helping them improve inventory control efficiency, optimize ordering decisions and access data trends and insights. We continue to work through remediation efforts at PharMEDium. As always, patient safety comes first and PharMEDium is committed to full regulatory compliance. The process has certainly taken longer than we expected. Yet, despite the challenges, the focus remains on enhanced quality assurance and quality control programs that deliver the safest and highest quality products for PharMEDium’s customers.
In fiscal 2018, our Global Commercialization Services & Animal Health businesses delivered solid revenue growth of 10%. With our market-leading services to support pharmaceutical commercialization and companion and production animal health, AmerisourceBergen continues to be well positioned to meet this growing need. In fact, businesses like World Courier continue to deliver results above expectations. As the leader in global specialty logistics, World Courier’s growth continues to outperform the market. World Courier is the partner of choice and continues to find new ways to support the complex needs of its customers. In consulting and patient services, we are pleased with the substantial progress we have made at our Lash Consulting business, as the business continues to migrate customers to Fusion, our game-changing technology platform, and manufacturer feedback continues to be very positive. In a growing market of new, innovative specialty therapies that require additional patient access and adherence services, we believe that Lash’s focused services, enabled by Fusion, are significant differentiators that are positioning Lash for future success. Finally, MWI enters fiscal 2019 building on its proven leadership, along with the execution of margin initiatives and the continued strengthening of customer relationships and commercial partnerships to further enhance the customer experience.
 6 | AmerisourceBergen Summary Annual Report 2018

     Leading in an Ever-Evolving Healthcare Landscape
AmerisourceBergen continues to execute and drive long-term growth in a highly complex, dynamic healthcare environment. Healthcare remains an integral part of the economy, and pharmaceuticals represent the most efficient form of patient care. They improve patient lives and are key to mitigating overall healthcare spend.
Right now, many debates regarding the U.S. healthcare system are taking place, with the cost of care and the price of prescription drugs drawing focus. We realize that the healthcare system will continue to evolve, yet also recognize that significant changes will likely take time. In this dynamic environment, the scale and scope of AmerisourceBergen’s value to its partners, and our industry’s value to the healthcare system overall, continue to be undeniable. Our unique ability toprovideservicesandefficiencywithinthesupplychainis essential to patient care—ensuring that patients have access to vital pharmaceuticals whenever and wherever they need them. As changes to various parts of the current healthcare model are considered, we will have an important seat at the table during discussions with policy leaders, manufacturers, customers and other stakeholders to help ensure that changes do not negatively affect patient access to the best care possible and that our important role in the supply chain continues to be recognized.
AmerisourceBergen will continue to be a thought leader, engaging with policy makers and commercial partners to ensure that we are a driver of solutions, enabler of access and creator of additional efficiencies.
We will continue to focus on elements we can control— being an advocate for community-based providers, servicing our customer relationships, executing on our differentiated strategy and investing in our businesses. As the discussion of different healthcare system models continues, AmerisourceBergen will continue to be a thought leader, engaging with policy makers and commercial partners to ensure that we are a driver of solutions, enabler of access and creator of additional efficiencies. We remain steadfast in our commitment to be a part of the solution and supporters of the most cost-efficient form and sites of patient care.
   AmerisourceBergen Summary Annual Report 2018 | 7

 2018 Overview
 $160B+ annual revenue
       21,000 150+ 50+
associates global offices countries
 #1 distributor of
specialty pharmaceuticals
 #1 distributor of
animal health products
 50,000+
daily deliveries to healthcare facilities
 3MM+
products shipped daily
 8 | AmerisourceBergen Summary Annual Report 2018

  Looking to fiscal 2019 and beyond, AmerisourceBergen will continue to invest, innovate, execute and grow.
  Our Areas of Focus: Pharmaceutical-Centered Approach
   Specialty Medicines
Customer Partnerships
    Community Providers Cash Flow Generation
 AmerisourceBergen Summary Annual Report 2018 | 9

 We are united in our responsibility to create healthier futures.
Our Corporate and Social Responsibility
At AmerisourceBergen, we are united in our responsibility to create healthier futures. We recognize that we have a broader responsibility to make a positive impact through corporate citizenship—fostering a positive impact on the environment and society through the work we do, with the people who do it, and in the communities we serve.
The opioid epidemic is a crisis facing all of us in the healthcare industry and our country. AmerisourceBergen is committed to helping address this epidemic. We remain highly engaged and continue to mobilize efforts to help combat this crisis. As part of our role in the supply chain, we continue to report all orders for controlled substances to the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) and use data analytics tools to report and stop suspicious orders. Additionally, we collaborate with Walgreens Boots Alliance, our Good Neighbor Pharmacy network and others on the Safe Medication Disposal Kiosks take-back and safe drug disposal programs. Our supply chain responsibility remains providing distribution logistics for getting FDA-approved drugs from pharmaceutical manufacturers to DEA- and state-registered pharmacies that dispense them based on prescriptions written by licensed health care providers.
On the philanthropic side, the AmerisourceBergen Foundation continues to provide communities and non-profit organizations across the country with grants and resources to help combat the epidemic of opioid abuse. We will continue to listen, engage and support initiatives that help tackle this epidemic. In 2018, the foundation also made grants to multiple organizations to support the long-term disaster relief needs of communities impacted by recent natural
disasters—including those dealing with the recent fallout from hurricanes Florence, Michael and Matthew, which devastated Haiti. These efforts, focused on the delivery of critical medications, the operation of mobile medical units, establishment of temporary housing and shelter for both individuals and pets, and an enhanced pharmaceutical supply chain, continue to uphold the foundation’s mission to support health-related causes that enrich the global community.
Our emphasis on good corporate citizenship also extends to social initiatives that ensure we shape a culture that values diversity. For the second year in a row, DiversityInc magazine recognized AmerisourceBergen for our continued momentum in diversity and inclusion practices. In addition, we are very proud that AmerisourceBergen received an award from Philadelphia’s Forum of Executive Women in recognition of the gender diversity onourBoardofDirectors.OurBoardofDirectorsisexceptionally well qualified and works closely with management to focus on the critical areas of governance, strategy and planning.
 10 | AmerisourceBergen Summary Annual Report 2018

 Building Long-Term and Sustainable Growth
Looking to fiscal 2019 and beyond, AmerisourceBergen will continue to invest, innovate, execute and grow. We remain confident that our pharmaceutical-centric focus, unique portfolio of customers and businesses, differentiated customer experience, leadership in Specialty and strong financial stewardship will continue to position AmerisourceBergen for long-term growth and stockholder value creation. More than ever, we are united in our responsibility to create healthier futures.
As always, we appreciate your interest and investment in AmerisourceBergen.
Sincerely,
Steven H. Collis
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer
AmerisourceBergen Summary Annual Report 2018 | 11
