WE DELIVER VALUE
1
To Our Stockholders:
I am pleased to report that in my first full
fiscal year as President and Chief Executive Officer, AmerisourceBergen achieved strong performance both operationally and financially, and we made significant investments to further strengthen our position in growing markets in the United States and abroad. In our fiscal year 2012, pharmaceutical sales growth was mitigated
by a record number of brand pharmaceutical patent expirations totaling approximately $30 billion or nearly ten percent of the market. We successfully met this challenge and continued to deliver strong earnings growth and generate robust cash flow.
One of the highlights of the year was our expanded relationship with our largest customer, Express Scripts, Inc. Following their acquisition of Medco Health in 2012, we implemented a new three-year contract with Express Scripts starting October 1, 2012. Based on our current sales volume, this contract will represent approximately 20% of our revenues. Among our other major accomplishments this year were robust cash flow generation and two significant acquisitions, which both strengthened our
core business and got us into some new, exciting, and higher growth development areas within our manufacturer services businesses.
As expected in light of the record brand patent expirations in fiscal 2012, AmerisourceBergen’s revenues were down slightly to $79.5 billion due to a decline in revenues at our largest subsidiary, AmerisourceBergen Drug Corporation (ABDC). This was offset in part by record revenues at AmerisourceBergen Specialty Group (ABSG). Improved gross margins from ABDC generics combined with the impact of higher margin business from acquisitions we made in fiscal 2012 led to a 23 basis point improvement in our gross margin over the prior year.
This is notable as we were overcoming a large impact from a record amount of specialty generic launches
that positively impacted our gross margin in fiscal 2011. Solid performance in our ABSG businesses and our consulting services further contributed to our positive results. It is important to note that this strong performance was achieved while we converted 20 of ABDC’s 26 distribution centers to our new SAP enterprise resource platform. We have made excellent progress in the implementation of our new ERP system, and we are
on schedule to complete the conversion of all ABDC distribution facilities by the end of March 2013.
While reported expenses were up year over year due in large part to the impact of operating costs of
our recent acquisitions and certain non-recurring items, our core businesses remained very disciplined. As a result, we grew our operating margin 10 basis points, the seventh year in a row we have expanded our operating margin. Our business generated $1.1 billion in free cash flow, we repaid $447 million in long-term debt, completed nearly $800 million in acquisitions, and repurchased over
$1 billion of our stock. We grew earnings per share from continued
 In my first full fiscal year as President and Chief Executive Officer, AmerisourceBergen achieved strong performance
both operationally and financially, and we made significant investments to further strengthen our position.
  
2
continued from previous page
continuing operations 10% to $2.76 on a GAAP basis in fiscal 2012, delivering a strong performance on top of excellent performance in the last few years.
In light of these accomplishments and our confidence in our ongoing ability to generate strong cash flow, our Board of Directors approved a 62% increase in our annual dividend and authorized a new $750 million share repurchase program in November 2012. Since the 2001 merger that created AmerisourceBergen, we have generated $8.8 billion in free cash flow, and we have returned 82% of that to stockholders through $6.6 billion
our other lines of business. As a result, we are actively pursuing the sale of AndersonBrecon, and we hope to complete a transaction during the first half of fiscal 2013.
We remain committed to expanding our remaining manufacturer services businesses with a particular focus on expanding our consulting services and specialty third-party logistics business in the United States and in select global markets. The acquisitions we made in fiscal 2012 support those efforts, and we have made excellent progress on the integration of those businesses into
our manufacturer services portfolio. Our two largest acquisitions, TheraCom, LLC and World Courier, made modest contributions to our earnings in fiscal 2012, and are expected to contribute more meaningfully to earnings in fiscal 2013. The addition of TheraCom expands our consulting services just as the changing healthcare landscape increases the need for manufacturers to
bring products to market as efficiently as possible and
to demonstrate the value of their products.
In May 2012, we acquired World Courier, the world's leading provider of premium, niche clinical trials logistics services to biopharmaceutical manufacturers. While the addition of World Courier expands the lines
of service we provide to manufacturers, it also gives
us an international framework through which to begin
to grow our other specialty distribution and consulting offerings. Over the last several months as we have visited World Courier’s facilities and met with their associates, we have become even more confident that this acquisition will become a key driver of our long-term growth, particularly in international markets.
Following a year of substantial change for AmerisourceBergen, I believe we are very well positioned to enable us to benefit from our legacy of success and innovation in the years ahead. Our diverse revenue
base continues to position us well to benefit from organic growth across the entire spectrum of pharmaceutical care. While overall pharmaceutical market growth will likely continue to be slow in calendar 2013, IMS Health sees compounded annual sales growth in the United States
in share repurchases and $600 million in dividends. Our legacy of outstanding financial stewardship is one of the hallmarks of AmerisourceBergen, and provides us with
a great deal of flexibility to return cash to our stockholders and pursue our strategic growth initiatives.
Financial stewardship requires disciplined management and ongoing assessment of all of our assets in order to ensure we are getting the most out
of our investments and are properly positioned to continue to grow our business. In late fiscal 2012, we decided to divest AndersonBrecon, our contract pharmaceutical packaging business. While AndersonBrecon is a market leader and is on a growth trajectory, we have not realized significant synergies between AndersonBrecon and
     
  in the range of 1% to 4%, and 4% to 6% worldwide through 2016. We are part of a stable and growing industry, and we have demonstrated both resilience and solid performance in a variety of economic and market situations.
One of the keys to our success has been the exceptional and talented associates of AmerisourceBergen. In May 2012, and following 10 years of excellent service as Vice President and Corporate Controller, Tim G. Guttman was named Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We further strengthened our executive management team in November of 2012 with the addition of Lawrence C. Marsh in the new role of Chief Strategy Officer and Senior Vice President, New Market Development. In December 2012, Peyton R. Howell was promoted to Senior Vice President, AmerisourceBergen Corporation and President, Global Sourcing and Manufacturer Relations. I strongly believe that we have an exceptional management team with a diverse background and deep experience to guide AmerisourceBergen in the years ahead. We are excited about the opportunities our team will have in the future to drive value for our stockholders and customers.
I believe that our performance in fiscal 2012 positions us well for continued success in fiscal 2013. While overall market growth is expected to be slightly negative in calendar 2013 due in large part to the impact of lower priced generic pharmaceuticals, organic market growth is expected to improve substantially in calendar 2014 due in part to the expansion of healthcare coverage to the previously uninsured.
In order to ensure the long-term success of AmerisourceBergen, we will continue to deliver value through driving innovation for healthcare providers
Following a year of substantial change for AmerisourceBergen, I believe we are very well positioned to enable us
to benefit from our legacy
of success and innovation
in the years ahead.
and pharmaceutical manufacturers, efficiency through operational excellence, cash generation through disciplined use of working capital, and growth by expanding on
our strengths. The resilience of our business and the investments we’ve made over the last year reinforces my confidence in the prospects for our business. Demand
is strong and growing for the core products we distribute, and we play an essential role in the pharmaceutical supply chain, ensuring the integrity and security of the distribution of life-improving and life-saving therapies.
Thank you for your continued support and investment in AmerisourceBergen.
Steve Collis
President and Chief Executive Officer January 18, 2013
   