Steven H. Collis, President and Chief Executive Officer

The unique knowledge and expertise we have developed, our partnership philosophy, and our increasingly global reach enable us to influence and shape healthcare delivery by providing innovative solutions for both pharmaceutical manufacturers and healthcare providers.

shape healthcare delivery by providing innovative solutions

and our increasingly global reach enable us to influence and

and expertise we have developed, our partnership philosophy,

in the pharmaceutical supply channel. The unique knowledge

to address challenges we see in front of us and our partners

we see unfolding, and we work collaboratively and creatively

steps necessary to avail ourselves of the opportunities that

to examine our industry with fresh eyes, we boldly take the

approach we take to the market place--we constantly seek

we achieved this year. Our success has been driven by the

the outstanding financial and operational performance

2015, and I commend our highly engaged associates for

2015

To O u r S t o c k h o l d e r s :

I am very pleased to report excellent results for fiscal

we deliver to all of our stakeholders.

proficiency with which we run our business and the value

providers. Our results are a testament to the precision and In financial terms, we exceeded all of our expectations

for both pharmaceutical manufacturers and healthcare

$3.7 billion. The strength of our financial position enabled

was exceptionally strong this year, coming in at a record

continuing operations were up 25% to $4.96. Free cash flow

14% to $136 billion, and adjusted earnings per share from

for fiscal year 2015. Our revenues for the full year were up

most recently, the acquisition of PharMEDium in November

acquisition of MWI Veterinary Supply in February 2015 and,

us to make important strategic investments, including the

1

customers.

enhance the services we are able to provide to our existing

existing capabilities into new markets, and to continuously

see inherent in it. It also highlights our ability to extend our

pharmaceutical supply channel and the opportunities we

AmerisourceBergen demonstrates our commitment to the

2015. The addition of these two high quality assets to

enhancements we have made to our technology and

this year. All of our customers have benefitted from

Our operational execution was also very strong

the commitment which we made to our stockholders when

I am very proud that we have so adroitly been able to fulfill

essentially completely offset the impact of the warrants, and

At this stage, based on our current stock price, we have

of warrant exercises we anticipate in fiscal 2016 and 2017.

made substantial progress in offsetting the expected impact

In addition to making these investments, we have also

two years, we always feel like we can and should do better. Our customers face increasing challenges, and they expect that we will step up in new and innovative ways, which is For many, many years, wholesalers have proven to what excites and motivates our team.

substantially strengthened our core business over the last

by AmerisourceBergen Switzerland. While we have

our manufacturer customers, including those provided

to execute on our advanced programs and services for

increasing scale of our business. We have also continued

infrastructure and as we have realized the benefits of the

$136 billion in revenue 25% diluted adjusted EPS growth $3.9 billion in operating cash flow
with Walgreens Boots Alliance. This relationship, which will reach its three year anniversary in March of 2016, has thus far been a tremendous we first entered into the long-term strategic relationship

FISCAL 2015

be one of the most resilient and reliable components of the providing value that goes well beyond the essential services efficient pharmaceutical care and the widest possible access caring for their patients. Over the last two years, our entire from one point to another safely and securely. We help enable to products, which allows our customers to focus on expertly of aggregating demand and the logistics of getting products pharmaceutical channel. We have proven to be adept at

success, and we look forward to many

more benefits in the years ahead.

healthcare landscape.

address the changing and consolidating needs of the

industry has successfully transformed itself in order to better It remains an exciting time to be in the pharmaceutical

pharmaceutical market are strong, health reform initiatives continue to improve access to care, and new and innovative products are coming to market. In recent years, we have seen launches of new products that dramatically improve the lives

services industry. Organic growth rates in the U.S.

therapies across all sites of care.

patients have access to both traditional and complex new

products get to market as efficiently as possible, and that AmerisourceBergen Drug Corporation (ABDC) had a

AmerisourceBergen is uniquely positioned to help ensure

most importantly, meaningfully improves patient lives.

access to care not only drives growth opportunities, but

and the combination of advanced therapies and improving

development pipeline remains full of promising new products

of patients, and often in cost effective ways. The research and

to make a significant contribution to our business in fiscal by ABDC in the years ahead. AmerisourceBergen Specialty Group delivered

a compelling addition to ABDC. We expect PharMEDium

with their impressive track record of growth make them

2016 and to be an important differentiated service provided

impressive results in fiscal 2015, with a number of different previously reported manufacturer imposed changes on

factors driving strong sales. Setting aside the impact of some

across all of ABDC's customer segments.

of the year. Sales of generic products, however, were strong In fiscal 2015, we made important investments

generic drug inflation slowed meaningfully over the course

While brand drug inflation was very strong in fiscal 2015,

business, driven in large part by solid organic volume growth.

to fully anniversary the onboarding of the Walgreens

very good year, with revenues up 11% even as we continued

Drug Company into Specialty, ABSG revenues were up 15%. expect ABSG to continue to benefit from pharmaceutical and Every business unit performed well in fiscal 2015, and we

certain oncology products which moved some revenues from

pharmaceutical supply channel.

respect to issues regarding the safety and security of the

issues for our industry and our customers, especially with As our retail business has grown substantially over

advise and inform those important constituents on pertinent

independently and through our trade associations to expertly

remain very active with regulators and legislators both

access to medications and to other aspects of care. We also

the most important touch points to ensure patients have

community pharmacies that increasingly provide some of

program. For many years, we have been proud advocates for

pharmacy customers, including our Good Neighbor Pharmacy

and enhancements in our programs for our independent

biotech innovations, as well as in continuous improvements differentiator of our specialty franchise is our collaborative with our business partners is the best way to both discover Let's turn now to the businesses reported in our physician and manufacturer customers. Working in concert approach to bringing innovative solutions to both our in patient access and adherence. I believe the true

preparations (CSPs) in key therapeutic areas combined

ability to consistently deliver high quality compounded sterile

provision of healthcare in the U.S. PharMEDium' s proven

segment that is playing an increasingly important role in the

and solutions to our health systems customers, a customer

investment in our ability to provide market leading services

segments. Our acquisition of PharMEDium represents an

strong performance in our health systems and alternate site

relationship with Walgreens Boots Alliance, we have also had

the last two fiscal years, due in large part to our strategic

that is increasingly focused on the costs of care.

and deliver value in the long run, especially in a marketplace

in fiscal year 2015. We have made excellent progress on the

in large part by the addition of seven months of MWI results

Other reporting segment. Performance in Other was driven

3

the last several months, and we expect to continue to make investments in this platform. was especially strong in fiscal 2015, and while the production animal We are confident that MWI will differentiated contributions The companion animal business

a few small "tuck-in" acquisitions in animal health over

we interact with customers and suppliers. We have made

distribution centers, but also in the systems with which

and enhancing technology, not just in our warehouses and

management team. One area of opportunity is in sharing

are very pleased that we have retained their exceptional

integration, including the identification of synergies, and

ideas and their ongoing commitment to outstanding play as part of AmerisourceBergen.

in the future of their business, and the role that they will Our manufacturer services businesses also had a solid

execution and customer service gives us great confidence

fiscal 2015. Our expertise in developing patient access and differentiators today. In addition, World Courier continues in the regulatory, compliance, and policy areas are clear adherence programs and the experience we bring to bear

to be the leader in niche premium logistics across the globe. value proposition to manufacturers as we look to expand our ability to offer complex solutions for high value pharmaceutical products launched in most of the developed world. and clinical trial logistics businesses further expands our Our increasingly global reach in our manufacturer services

business slowed due to environmental trends, it still showed modest growth.

continue to deliver excellent performance in fiscal 2016 and will make important pharmaceutical supply complex new segment and implement new to the value we provide to the channel as we add this to our business. MWI's willingness to embrace

of new brand products, and population demographics drive of companion animals, and give pet owners far more choices Advances in veterinary medicine improve the quality of life organic growth rates in the U.S. pharmaceutical market.

conditions, health reform initiatives, successful launches

human and animal health segments. Better economic

to be in the pharmaceutical services industry, in both the

As I have said many times before, it is a great time

in maintaining pet health. In addition, the increasing global

18,000+
ASSOCIATES
COMMITTED TO
4

IMPROVING HEALTHCARE

DELIVERY

garnered in the U.S. into developing global markets. substantial capital investments in our information

and creates opportunities to extend the expertise MWI has As we look ahead to fiscal 2016, we will be making

demand for protein drives the production side of the market,

the 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, I should assume the role of Lead Independent Director. As Lead Independent our Governance and Nominating Committee, should assume the role of Chairman, and Jane E. Henney, M.D., Chair of

following Dick's retirement from the Board at the end of

AmerisourceBergen to continue to differentiate itself.

international markets, and ample opportunities for

for growth in the years ahead, both in the U.S. and

services space which we believe has substantial opportunities

long-term. We remain keenly focused on the pharmaceutical

grow our business and enhance shareholder returns over the

excellent stewards of capital, redeploying it wisely to both

loans associated with recent acquisitions. We strive to be

Finally, we expect to make progress paying down the term

we provide to healthcare providers and manufacturers.

opportunities to grow our business and enhance the services

and will continue to look for internal and external investment

technology platform and distribution facility infrastructure,

are outlined in detail in our proxy materials. I am grateful serve as Lead Independent Director. AmerisourceBergen, and to Jane for her willingness to One final word about fiscal 2015. Our value creation to Dick for his many years of dedicated service to

in the governance of our Board and robust duties, which

Director, Dr. Henney will have a dynamic leadership role

the courage to implement bold new ideas, and our associates being an expanding and dynamic channel partner with a They share my conviction that doing things efficiently and

is the result of flawless execution, creative thinking, and

are the firm foundation upon which our performance is built.

we serve.

makes positive and lasting contributions to the communities In November of 2015, we announced that Richard C.

serves our business partners and stockholders well, but also

We are committed to sustainable growth, which not only

contributions or from the AmerisourceBergen Foundation.

through providing financial support through corporate

activities in the areas in which they reside, as well as

associates to contribute their time and talents to charitable

extend our reach into the community by encouraging our

Our financial and operational success enables us to

view to the future will be what sets AmerisourceBergen

in particular to demonstrate the full value we can provide. in ways that help ensure we will generate long term value for our manufacturer and healthcare provider customers, to come.

great opportunity for our industry and for AmerisourceBergen thoughtful capital management all help us grow our business The quality of our offerings, our ability to execute, and our

pharmaceutical supply channel, and therefore there is a

apart. Wholesalers have never been more important to the

our stockholders, and our other stakeholders for many years Thank you for your investment in AmerisourceBergen. Sincerely,

year tenure as Chairman.

invaluable insight and counsel over the course of his ten In preparation for Dick's retirement, our Board

for 22 years, and has provided exceptional leadership and

AmerisourceBergen or one of its predecessor companies

Stockholders in March of 2016. Dick has faithfully served

of AmerisourceBergen following our Annual Meeting of

Gozon will be retiring as Chairman of the Board of Directors

100 and S&P 500 companies. The Board determined that,

different models, including those adopted by other Fortune

provided under AmerisourceBergen's bylaws, we considered

structure over the past year. In light of the flexibility

conducted a comprehensive evaluation of our leadership

Steven H. Collis

President and Chief Executive Officer January 22, 2016 Mr. Collis will become Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer upon Mr. Gozon's retirement in March 2016.

5

