MILES WHITE

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

Dear Fellow Shareholder:

2013 was an extraordinary year for our company, captured in simultaneous milestones: On the year's first day we marked our 125th anniversary and we became a new company with the highly successful launch of AbbVie.

ABBOTT 2013 ANNUAL REPORT

LET TER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS

This rare combination of achievements says a great deal about our company. On the one hand, it's remarkable for any enterprise to endure as long as 125 years. On the other, it's unusual for a company to make such a change, separating its original and largest business. But doing so was entirely consistent with our long history of success -- another example of Abbott reinventing itself in new ways that reflect its changing environment and opportunities. This readiness to adapt for the future is why the Abbott of today is ready to attain new levels of achievement in the years ahead. There are four primary bases for our future success, all clearly at work in the strong performance we delivered in 2013. Today's Abbott is:
BALANCED

of Abbott's business was in the United States. Today the U.S. accounts for a more proportionate amount of our worldwide sales, approximately 30 percent. Another 30 percent of our sales come from other developed markets, and 40 percent from faster-growing "emerging" markets. Again, this balance provides access to opportunity without over reliance on any particular area. We have significant presence and strong positions in the faster-growing developing markets, and leadership positions that offer durable performance in developed markets. And, finally, we've achieved a new kind of customer balance, as well: today approximately half of our sales are direct to the consumers who use our products, up from only 25 percent before our separation. This allows us to build direct relationships with the people doing the purchasing, and makes us less reliant on the decisions of third parties.
GLOBAL

Business diversity has long been our fundamental strategy. But its essence is balance. We don't want to be over-dependent on any single part of our mix. And today's Abbott is better balanced than ever before -- and in multiple dimensions of our profile. First is business balance. Our four major businesses -- Nutritionals, Medical Devices, Established Pharmaceuticals, and Diagnostics -- are of roughly the same size. This provides us consistent opportunity to participate across the spectrum of healthcare, without over exposure to the challenges of any given sector. Next is geographical balance. Not even a decade ago, the majority

With roughly 70 percent of our sales now outside the U.S., today's Abbott is one of the most global of all healthcare companies. We've long had sales operations around the world; but we are now a truly globalized organization, in every sense, combining worldwide strength and perspective with deep local roots. Today approximately 70 percent of Abbott people are employed outside the U.S. And we're locating more research and manufacturing operations in-region to better understand and respond to local needs and preferences.

NET SALES WORLDWIDE
(dollars in billions)

O PE R ATIN G M A RG IN E XPA N S I O N

$21.5

$21.8

In 2013, Abbott sales increased approximately 4 percent over 2012, excluding the impact of foreign exchange.

12.0% 7.6% 8.8%

Abbott's 2013 operating margin increased by 320 basis points over 2012.

' 12

'13

' 11

' 12

'13

2

ABBOTT 2013 ANNUAL REPORT

LET TER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS

This year we will open new manufacturing plants in China and India to be closer to our growing customer base. And we've met this evolution of our profile with a commensurate reshaping of our structure and operations. We're continuing major initiatives begun in 2013 to strengthen and streamline our international operations, with regional marketing organizations deepening our localization in key areas such as India, where we are the largest pharmaceutical company serving the world's second-largest population.
ALIGNED

their healthcare spending remains only a small percentage of gross domestic product relative to developed countries, providing great long-term growth opportunity. As an example of how economic growth can drive healthcare investment, pharmaceutical spending in the fastest-growing emerging markets is expected to nearly double -- the largest factor in total global pharmaceutical market growth. We expect emerging markets to represent approximately 75 percent of Abbott's pharmaceutical business within the next several years. And the world's population is not only growing, but aging. Today, approximately 23 percent of the world's population is 50 or older; according to United Nations projections, that percentage will grow to 40 percent by 2050. Abbott's leadership in treating conditions associated with aging -- such as cataracts, the world's most-performed surgery, in which we're the second largest provider -- promises strong growth as need for these treatments continues to expand. This trend offers similar opportunity to our adult nutrition franchise, today a $3 billion business worldwide.
LEADING

Abbott is in the right businesses and the right markets -- with the right products at the right time. We are very well aligned with favorable global trends -- scientific and medical, demographic and economic -- allowing us to help more people around the world every year. With a large and increasing percentage of our business in emerging markets, we're positioned to grow as both these countries' populations and their buying power expand. This year, emerging economies are expected to grow almost six percent, compared with just over two percent for developed countries. And as nations move up the income curve, one of their first priorities is improving their people's access to healthcare. As a result, developing economies commit in excess of one-third more of their incremental income growth to healthcare spending than do people in high-income countries, and more than 50 percent more than those in low-income countries -- yet

These strengths and others make today's Abbott a leader -- in its major businesses, in product and geographic markets around the world, and in a broad range of important business practices.

CONSISTENT DIVIDENDS
(dollars per share paid)

3 -Y E A R T O TA L S H A R E H O L D E R R E T U R N
(year ended 12/31/13)

S&P 500

Abbott

DJIA

57%

82.1%
increase announced for dividends to be paid in 2014.

56.8%

54.9%

Total return significantly outperformed the Dow Jones Industrial Average, as well as the Standard & Poor's 500 index over the past three years.

3

ABBOTT 2013 ANNUAL REPORT

LET TER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS

Abbott is the world leader in immunoassay diagnostics and blood screening; the global leader in adult nutritional products, and the U.S. leader in pediatric nutritionals; we're the world leader in LASIK devices, in drug-eluting and bare-metal stents; and we originated the new category of bioresorbable vascular scaffolds, in which we continue to have the world's leading product. In 2013 we were again recognized as our industry's best deal maker, as a top employer, and as one of the world's best corporate citizens. And our broad and deep research and development capability allows us to deliver advancements across the spectrum of innovation, from breakthrough technologies to packaging improvements. In other words, our company continues to not just maintain its excellence, but to advance standards across its operations. We have a very strong base on which to build our future.

At the same time, we executed on our strategic priorities, delivering or exceeding operational sales growth expectations across many of our businesses; completing acquisitions that brought us important, best-in-class new technologies in our endovascular and vision care businesses; launching numerous new products across our portfolio, including our MitraClip structural heart device in the U.S., multiple innovations in our cataract business that are driving share gains, and some 60 launches in Nutrition; and achieving significant operating margin expansion in Nutrition and Diagnostics.
AIMING HIGHER

"We achieve our potential as a company by helping people achieve their potential as individuals."
PERFORMANCE

While today's Abbott is very much the company you've known in terms of its well established strengths, we're a very new one in terms of the opportunities before us, the ways we're adjusting and fine-tuning our operations, and, perhaps most importantly, in a heightened sense of aspiration for our future. This will be embodied by the new corporate brand we will launch this year as we build a powerful corporate identity in keeping with our position as a long-term global healthcare leader, firmly focused on a great future. The essence of our business has been the same since Dr. Abbott began it: We achieve our potential as a company by helping people achieve their potential as individuals. And we believe that potential is unlimited. Our goal is to build the best Abbott yet. Given our distinguished 125-year legacy, that's a high ambition, indeed; but, with the excellence of our opportunities and our capabilities, it's one well within our reach.

For the full-year 2013, we delivered solid growth in sales, earnings and earnings per share over 2012. At the same time, we returned nearly $2.5 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases, and announced a 57 percent increase in our dividend beginning this year. Strong performance across many of our businesses, combined with gross and operating margin expansion, enabled us to deliver on our 2013 expectations despite some challenges.

Miles D. White Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer March 3, 2014

4

