AECOM Annual Report 2007 06

Business review Chief Operating Officer's statement

Fiscal year 2007 was characterized by continued growth and expansion for AECOM as we further advanced our global strategy. Our strong business performance was accompanied by the evolution of our organizational structure in line with AECOM's organic and acquisitive growth. As a result, we continued to enhance our regional and global business lines to best position the company to seize opportunities in our key end markets. We continued to achieve strong growth in the sustainable buildings and facilities market. In advancing this market, we acquired two facility design firms. Our strength in this area was noted in Engineering News-Record 's latest rankings, which identify AECOM as the No. 1 design firm for general buildings. Our transportation business has continued to grow in each of its geographic regions. Demand for highways, bridges, tunnels, airports and marine facilities is forecast to significantly increase in all of our key geographies. In the environmental market, we continued to make significant advances in both water / wastewater treatment and environmental management. These markets are expanding rapidly as public authorities and private clients respond to growing public demand for sustainable water infrastructure. To capitalize on this market, we have also strengthened our expertise through M&A activity in the U.S., Canada and Australia.

In the management support services market, we reinforced an already strong presence. Currently driven primarily by the U.S. government, this market offers the advantage of low-risk projects combined with long-term growth potential. In support of our business objectives, we have created the Office of Corporate Development, which will integrate our Corporate Communications, Human Resources, Information Technology, and Organizational Development functions to work more closely with our operations. Throughout the year, we made significant investments as we continued to focus on improving quality and risk management. As a global leader in professional technical and management support services, AECOM is uniquely positioned to continue to deliver quality services to our clients throughout the world. This global reach differentiates us to existing and prospective clients and to current and potential employees. It has also enabled us to deliver growth to our shareholders.

James R. Royer Chief Operating Officer

"In the management support services market, we reinforced an already strong presence."

James R. Royer Chief Operating Officer

