Page 02

President/Chief Executive Officer and Chairman's Statement

Fiscal year 2009 was an exciting time for AECOM, as we continued to deliver excellent business results despite the prevailing global economic downturn, and we further unified our operations and brand to one AECOM. Our strong performance reflects AECOM's proven diversified business model and the ability of our staff to effectively collaborate across global business lines and geographies.

During fiscal year 2009, we continued to have AECOM evolve into a company that continues to function in a seamless manner on a global basis across all of our operations to meet the needs of our clients and the challenges that the world has to offer. AECOM offers its clients an integrated workforce with strong momentum -- ready to meet new challenges and achieve continued success. AECOM has the talent and capabilities to design and manage the world's most complex assignments. On every continent, we are committed to improving quality of life. But nothing better illustrates the qualities that define us than the projects that we deliver. Today, we are working on eight of the 18 largest civil infrastructure programs in the world. Combined with outstanding technical capabilities across a broad range of sectors, we have the ability to work on any project, anywhere in the world. AECOM has approximately 45,000 employees located in more than 100 countries. It is these talented people and their commitment to be the best that set us apart. And our reputation for quality results reaches far beyond our traditional client base. AECOM currently is listed on the Fortune 500 and is rated number 14 in shareholder return. In addition, Newsweek ranked us as one of America's greenest companies. And in 2009 we were named a Best Workplace by Financial Times as well as awarded Best Diversity Company by Diversity/Careers magazine. Financial performance During fiscal year 2009, which ended September 30, 2009, our revenue grew by 18 percent to a record US$6.1 billion. Operating income rose by 20.3 percent to US$286.9 million. Net income from continuing operations was US$187 million, up 27 percent for the same

period last year. Earnings per share were US$1.73, a 23-percent increase. At the close of the year, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of US$291 million. AECOM was awarded some of the world's most important projects as we continue to advance our reputation as a global leader in professional technical and management support services. Our year-end, record backlog of US$9.5 billion reflects a 10-percent increase from fiscal year 2008. Pursuing growth Looking ahead, our goal is to continue to capture market share by serving our existing clients well in each of our end markets, and by attracting new M&A partners to AECOM. What is especially gratifying to all of us at AECOM is that throughout these turbulent economic times, our people have continued to focus on our clients, which has caused us to grow our market share; we have won significant mega projects; and, we have expanded our business in existing and emerging markets. During 2009, our organic growth was fueled by large, well-funded projects. With a strong balance sheet, we are well positioned to emerge from this economic downturn even stronger than we were before. Diversification Our technical excellence comes from the rich history of some of the world's finest engineering, environmental, planning and design companies that have become part of AECOM. Our largest end market practices are transportation, environment and facilities, which comprise 28, 25 and 24 percent of our business, respectively. The remaining 23 percent comprises government services and energy and power. Our funding sources are also well diversified

John M. Dionisio President and Chief Executive Officer Richard G. Newman Chairman

Page 04

President/Chief Executive Officer and Chairman's Statement

across state, local, federal, non-U.S. government and private sources. Public funding made up 71 percent of our global revenue. This broad reach and diversification of end markets, services, geographies and funding sources give AECOM a solid foundation and enable us to take advantage of opportunities in the global market during strong as well as soft economic times. Clearly this business strategy served us well during the global recession of 2009. Global markets Our collaborative approach of working globally and delivering locally is the main driver of our ability to provide our clients effective services. With projects around the world, 52 percent of our work is located outside of the United States. During 2009, we continued to expand geographically in regions such as Russia, Eastern Europe and the Commonwealth of Independent States. AECOM continues to have strong growth in Asia, especially Hong Kong, Australia, the Middle East, and Canada, as well as the transportation and government business sectors in the United States and the global hydropower market. Recently, we have seen signs of an economic recovery with a distinct rebound in project activity as the global stimulus packages continue to roll out. Eight months after the start of the U.S. stimulus package, AECOM has won more than US$530 million worth of in-country, stimulus-funded projects in the transportation, facilities and environmental markets. Our business in the Middle East remains strong. We have continued to expand and win new projects in Abu Dhabi, Qatar and Saudi Arabia. These projects include the design of the new Zayed University campus in Abu Dhabi, Masdar City in Abu Dhabi, the Cleveland Clinic project in

Abu Dhabi, program manage ment of the Saadiyat Island Cultural District in Abu Dhabi, Saudi Arabia's Al Khobar Gate Tower and Knowledge Economic City, and Qatar's Doha port project, among many others. In Europe, during 2009, the United Kingdom was affected by the challenging economic environment, especially in its private facilities markets; however, we continue to advance our work on the London Crossrail, the largest civil infrastructure in Europe. Despite the challenging conditions in many parts of the continent, we continue to work on important projects such as the Legacy Masterplan Framework for the Olympic Park and The Crescent in Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan. Our markets in Australia are performing well, particularly in water, mining and transportation. The country's Build Australia Fund continues to invest in capital projects in the transportation, environmental and facilities markets, which play to our "sweet spot." In Asia, we continued our strong performance during 2009. Some of our key wins in Hong Kong included the design of the city's high-speed rail terminus, infrastructure design and construction-supervision consulting for the landmark Kai Tak redevelopment project, as well as design and construction-management services for the city's Central-Wan Chai Bypass and Island Eastern Corridor Link plan. Elsewhere in Asia, we won the design of the Padma Bridge, the longest in Bangladesh, and several passenger rail contracts in India. We have managed our business carefully throughout the economic downturn, as demonstrated by our ongoing margin improvements, which we believe will position AECOM for continued profitable growth in the years to come.

We are proud to have been again recognized in Engineering News-Record's (ENR) 2009 Top 500 Design Firms rankings, where AECOM is ranked number 2 overall. In addition, we lead in several key market sectors, ranking number 1 in Pure Design, Transportation, General Building and Hazardous Waste. Mergers & Acquisitions We continue to pursue M&A opportuni ties that expand our geographic footprint and provide access to new markets and services. During fiscal year 2009 and the first two months of fiscal year 2010, we completed four strategic acquisitions. Savant, a project and construction-management firm expands AECOM's global presence, particularly in Russia, Eastern Europe and the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS). Our acquisition of LAN Engineering bolsters our transportation presence in California, and Ellerbe Becket expands our capabilities in health care, sports and education. We also added SSI Services, which has an established reputation in supporting operations for the U.S. intelligence community. Additionally, during December 2009, we added the expertise of approximately 90 professionals from Glatting Jackson Kercher Anglin to bolster several of our service offerings in the southeastern United States. Our people Our talented employees are the engine of our success. Our staff has made AECOM one of the largest and most respected providers of professional technical and management support services in the world -- providing our shareholders with a competitive financial return while we enhance and sustain the world's built, natural and social environments for our clients and the communities that we serve. To maintain this position, we invest in career and professional development

opportunities for our people. During the past year, AECOM has enhanced its organizational structure and laid the foundation for a stronger company. By aligning a balanced focus across all our businesses and geographies, we have strengthened our direction for the future, opening a world of professional opportunities for our clients and our employees. With a vision that we can provide our shareholders with a strong financial return while making the world a better place, we understand our responsibility to the environment in which we live and work. By embracing corporate social responsibility, AECOM is committed to giving something back to our communi ties. As professionals, we understand how we can make a difference. The philanthropic efforts of our people in organizations such as Engineers Without Borders, the U.S. Architecture, Construction and Engineering high school mentoring program and the Women's Transportation Seminar enable us to make a positive change in the world. Ethics and corporate governance Our Core Values define what we do, how we do it and who we are. Our commitment to ethics and compliance guides how we conduct business every day, and we are dedicated to sustaining an ethical workplace culture. Part of this culture is our commitment to safety for all employees, clients, the end users of our projects and programs, and the communities in which we do business. A strong future With dedicated, talented people with creative minds, working in a favorable environment, focused on being the best for our clients, our future remains in good hands. AECOM has come a long way since its founding in 1990, as we have evolved into one of the most-respected firms in our industry, attracting the best and brightest talent and other successful

firms. It is the technical excellence and dedication of our employees that enable us to work on any project, anywhere in the world. Our performance during fiscal year 2009 speaks to our ability to manage our business in a difficult economic environment, as we grew our business and continued to execute operational excellence initiatives, improving margins and strengthening our balance sheet. Our positive momentum, and the addition of our recent M&A partners, position AECOM to emerge stronger during fiscal year 2010. Our solid balance sheet, strong cash flow and backlog, and the reputation we have built give us confidence to say that we are well positioned to emerge as an even stronger AECOM during fiscal year 2010. Going forward, we will continue to leverage AECOM's market and geographic diversification to drive organic growth balanced by acquisitive growth that is the hallmark of our business model. We will continue to focus on delivering excellent levels of service to our clients, being the place to grow professionally by employees, and maintaining our position as a valuable investment by our shareholders. Our new brand symbolizes the advance ments we have made operationally, financially and organizationally. The new look conveys the powerful presence, forward motion and clear purpose that make AECOM, through its staff and clients, a leader in our industry. Thank you for your interest in AECOM.

John M. Dionisio President and Chief Executive Officer

Richard G. Newman Chairman

