2018 Annual Report
AECOM
 Dear Stockholders,
In fiscal year 2018, we set numerous new records, further honed our strategy and took important steps forward that provide a strong foundation for the future.
Over the past several years, we have invested in our people and our capabilities to assemble leading franchises that deliver unparalleled engineering, design construction management and government services solutions for our clients and the communities we serve. As you will read in this report, our results in the year demonstrate our progress and the strength of the company we have built.
Reflecting our status as a leading brand across the globe, in 2018 we were ranked the No. 1 design firm by Engineering News-Record in several key markets, including transportation and facilities design. In addition, we were named one of Fortune’s
World’s Most Admired Companies for the fourth consecutive year. And we continued to demonstrate our commitment to fostering the diversity of our workforce with another perfect score in the Human Rights Campaign’s Corporate Equality Index.
We continue to prioritize our Safeguard core value to drive a culture of ethics and safety excellence, and to ensure our accomplishments do not come at the expense of our people or the enterprise we
have built. We closed fiscal year 2018 with our strongest safety results to date, including our lowest Total Recordable Incident
Rate (TRIR) since the close of the URS acquisition in 2014, which highlights our world-class safety performance. With our focus on global ethics, compliance and quality, we are benefiting from a culture of trust, accountability and focus on execution.
Leveraging our leadership position in the industry, we delivered new records
in the year for revenue at more than $20 billion, wins at more than $28 billion and backlog at more than $54 billion, and also generated our highest-ever quarter of free cash flow1 at $511 million in the fourth quarter. Supporting these accomplishments were strong performances across our enterprise:
– In our Americas Design & Consulting Services (DCS) business, we delivered 17% organic revenue growth2 in the second half of the year, which was driven by phenomenal results in our core transportation and water markets.
– Our Management Services (MS) segment also contributed to our double- digit revenue growth with accelerating organic revenue growth2 in the second half of the year as we ramped up our activities on key United States Department of Energy and Department of Defense programs.
– Our Building Construction business achieved its ambitious goal of generating double-digit organic growth2 for the fourth consecutive year as our teams continued to deliver an iconic portfolio of projects, including One Vanderbilt in New York and the new NFL stadium in Los Angeles.
– Performance in our Asia-Pacific markets remained strong, including our highest growth in several years in Australia-New Zealand and continued growth in Greater China, reflecting our established leadership position in that market.
 2

Delivering Growth. Building Strength.
A letter from Mike Burke
 – The Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) team took several steps to improve profitability and better align our client offerings in the region, while also making great progress in
one of our target markets – securing the Saudi Customs PMO, the first of a number
of opportunities connected to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia’s growth ambitions.
– AECOM Capital, the investment arm of our business, achieved a key milestone in the formation of a joint venture with Canyon Partners for a real estate investment fund that will allow us to further invest in projects beyond our existing portfolio of attractive investments.
These successes allowed us to generate significant value for our shareholders. In the year, we initiated share repurchases under our $1 billion Board authorization, including the execution of a $150 million accelerated share repurchase (ASR) agreement, and $223 million of additional debt reduction. With $2.7 billion of free cash flow1 generated in the last four years, we have demonstrated our proven, industry-leading cash performance. Combined with our expectation to deliver at least $3.5 billion of free cash flow1 from fiscal year 2018 to 2022, we are well positioned to create substantial value for our stakeholders.
While we can and should celebrate these accomplishments, we must also acknowledge that our profitability has not kept pace with our expectations. Specifically, underperformance on a handful of projects in the Construction Services (CS) segment and lower than expected results in the EMEA region negatively impacted our earnings in fiscal year 2018.
As a result, we have undertaken several strategic actions from a position of strength to ensure we achieve greater success and fully capitalize on our record backlog. In order to significantly enhance our margins, we have implemented a $225 million G&A reduction program that will streamline our operations and allow us to more efficiently deliver our work. In addition, we are evaluating a plan to exit more than 30 countries with limited growth prospects in an effort to hone our focus on the fastest-growing markets where our competitive advantages are most apparent. Finally, we have changed the leadership in the CS segment, which includes our chief operating officer, Randy Wotring, now taking a more active role
in leading the business to improve accountability and our risk management practices.
Importantly, with a solid foundation set, the brightest days for AECOM are yet to come. With this momentum apparent in our business and in our markets, we expect continued growth in the future. As you’ll read in this report – from delivering iconic, impactful projects in communities around the world, to exceeding our sustainability targets, to maintaining world-class safety performance – there is no question we have built a company that is unrivaled in its scale and capabilities. We have made the necessary investments to set the standard for excellence in our industry and are well on our way to achieving our goals.
On behalf of all our 87,000 professionals, who are aligned on our vision to deliver a better world, I thank you for continuing on this journey with us.
Best Regards,
Michael S. Burke
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
1 Free cash flow is defined as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures net of proceeds from disposals. See Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Items.
2 Organic growth is at constant currency and excludes revenue associated with actual and planned non-core asset and business dispositions.
3
 