Chief Executive Officer's statement

Fiscal Year 2006 was yet another record-breaking year for AECOM. Thanks to the hard work and dedication of our 28,000 people, we delivered the outstanding financial performance detailed in this Annual Report. We also strengthened our professional and management capabilities, which will enable us to serve our stakeholders even more effectively in the future.
Financial highlights Our gross revenues increased to more than $3.4 billion, while our net service revenues rose to $1.9 billion. Our EBITDA (earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization) climbed to $129.3 million after expensing stock matches of $14.8 million and we generated cash flow from operations of $121.3 million. FY06 was also a record year for wins. We won projects totaling more than $4.4 billion in revenue, 30% ahead of our internal goal and 63% ahead of FY05. During FY06, $3.8 billion of wins were converted into bookings, thereby increasing our backlog by 59% compared with last year. At year end, our backlog and `selected but not booked' total was in excess of $4.8 billion. We improved our capital structure by raising $235 million of new private equity, enabling us to redeem our existing private equity and warrants, and thus saving $5.2 million in after tax annual preferred dividend payments. This action, coupled with the favorable renewal of our $300 million line of credit, and the additional global term loan of $65 million, strengthened our capital structure and positioned us to continue pursuing merger opportunities that align with our successful business model. In the fiscal year, the company took advantage of the tax concessions contained in the American Job Creation Act. This resulted in the repatriation of some $67 million of overseas earnings and generated potential tax savings of $20 million over the next five years. During the year, we exceeded the shareholder threshold at which companies are required by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) to report as a public company and to then comply with the U.S. Sarbanes Oxley (SOX) Act. We launched our SOX program during FY06 and filed our Form 10 with the SEC in late January 2007. Addressing global challenges Every day, in offices around the world, our people are designing the built environment of the future while managing the natural environment. Their overall mission is to `make the world a better place' for generations to come. That task brings us face to face with some of the greatest challenges of our times, such as improving the economic state of the communities in which we work and live with infrastructure projects that improve the quality of life for everyone, while dealing with longer term issues such as climate change, resource depletion and pressure on natural habitats.

 1 Company creating a better world  Projects across 7 continents  Offices in over 60 countries  364 offices around the world  28,000 dedicated professionals AECOM office locations:

These issues have now moved to the top of the agenda. It is important to maintain a balance between the requirement for new infrastructure systems, and the necessity of providing a sustainable legacy for the global community. That's a key part of our job: to use our specialist professional skills to create effective infrastructure and facilities that are right for today and right for tomorrow too. On the following pages, AECOM experts from around the world examine the challenges we face and the solutions that can be applied to ensure the best possible results not only for global economic viability but also for our planet's future environment. Executing our strategy During FY06, we continued to expand and diversify our geographic markets, business lines and service offerings with an emphasis on using our global platform and worldclass technical resources to deliver outstanding client service. Much of our organic growth has stemmed from being able to offer our clients the benefit of collaboration between our operations, reinforced by our ability to deliver solutions on a timely and effective basis. Our strategy is to provide global best practice delivered through highly skilled locally-based teams whose priority is to serve our clients. At the beginning of the year, we completed our mergers with ENSR and EDAW significantly enhancing our presence in the urban planning, landscape architecture, and environmental management sectors. These companies have broadened our global footprint, while providing other AECOM operations with the opportunity to better serve their clients' needs around the world. I am pleased how effectively these two companies have transitioned into the AECOM family. We also achieved strong performances in all of our geographic markets and continued to seize growth opportunities in key global regions. In September 2006, we merged with Cansult, a Canadian firm with over 650 staff, primarily in the Middle East. With this merger, our staff in the region grew to over 1,500 and we became one of the largest international consulting engineering and architectural firms in one of the world's most active technical services markets. As part of our geographic growth strategy we also significantly increased our presence in China. In addition to acquiring majority ownership in NEDI, a planning and environmental design institute, we also signed new strategic global alliances with four major Chinese companies ­ China State Construction Company, China Road and Bridge, China Harbor and Shanghai Tunnel Engineering and Construction Company. In January 2007, we closed a merger with HSMM, a 650-person architectural and engineering consultancy and water resources planning group working on projects throughout the United States, with a strong presence in the southeastern U.S. Another prime example of our responsiveness to our clients' changing needs is our entry into the Public Private Partnership (PPP) market through the launch of AECOM Enterprises, which provides consultancy to developers, financiers, owners, and other key players in the PPP market. We are also a co-founder and partner in Meridiam Infrastructure Fund, which is rapidly becoming an important investor in infrastructure and facilities projects. Strengthening AECOM's infrastructure We continued to make significant investments in our people, systems, internal controls, quality and risk management, and technology. We also placed special emphasis on promoting the highest levels of ethics and corporate compliance. Understanding that people are our most important asset, we placed renewed focus and attention on advancing our existing Employee Engagement programs which are being leveraged as an integral component of our FY07­11 Strategic Plan. This comprehensive initiative is designed to ensure that we can attract, retain and support the best and the brightest talent on a long-term basis.
2004 2005 $2.4 $2.0

$3.4

2004

2005

2006

Gross revenues (billion U.S. $ )

$103.4 $98.3

$86.6

2006

Income from operations (million U.S. $ )
$28.40 $24.81 $20.78

2004

2005

2006

Stock price (U.S. $ )

03

Across AECOM, we continue to foster a culture of mutual respect and trust (MRT) and we are striving to enhance the quality of life of our people by also providing strong links to professional training and career development. Our goal is to enhance the employee experience by creating an environment where all AECOM employees feel that their contributions are recognized and valued, and where everyone has the opportunity to grow both professionally and, through stock ownership, financially. Senior management appointments Effective October 1, 2006, we transitioned our leadership team at AECOM. Dick Newman and our Board of Directors entrusted me with the CEO role, and Jim Royer took over as Executive Vice President and COO. The fact that we have all worked together for the past 10 years has certainly helped to ensure that the transition has been orderly and effective. In the first quarter of FY07, we also announced that two of our senior executives would assume new responsibilities, with Michael Burke, Executive Vice President and CCO, being appointed CFO in addition to his existing role and Glenn Robson, Senior Vice President, Finance, being appointed Chief Strategy Officer. During the year, we strengthened our senior corporate team by welcoming Abby Areinoff, Jack Baylis, Raul Cruz, Paul Gennaro and Dean Luchsinger to the AECOM management team. Other senior appointments within our global operations included Loren Smith, President of DMJM Aviation, Richard Jackson, CEO of Maunsell Australia and Dickson Lo, President, Maunsell AECOM, Hong Kong. We also welcomed Jim Metcalfe, President, Cansult Maunsell and Cecil Doyle, CEO, HSMM, to the company.

Outlook While we recorded a productive year ­ growing organically, welcoming new merger partners, and winning exciting new projects ­ we view FY06 as a great foundation for further growth. Continuing to work together, as we have done so effectively in the past, will be the key to our success in the future. We are a global leader, with more than half of our people working outside the United States. Our world-class technology and skills and a style of personal service that only local companies can deliver are key factors behind our success. I personally want to thank each and every one of our employees for their valuable contribution to the AECOM success story as we continue to strive to be recognized as the employer and consultant of choice by our clients, employees and peers. Our solid financial platform and healthy backlog puts AECOM in a great position for another strong financial year in FY07. I look forward to the opportunities that exist for AECOM in one of the most exciting times that our industry has experienced in several decades, and am proud of the vital role that AECOM will play in `making the world a better place.' As we go forward, our objectives are clear. Working together, we will continue to strive to create value for our clients, shareholders and employees while building and improving the quality of life for the global community as well as providing greater professional opportunities for our people.

John M. Dionisio

John M. Dionisio

Richard G. Newman

