  Dear Fellow Shareowners,
It is a privilege to serve as the president and chief executive officer of
your company. I am excited about ADC's future and am committed to the mission of building long-term value for our shareowners. Since assuming this role in mid-August, I have spent a great deal of time meeting with many of our primary customers and visiting with many ADC employees around the world. These meetings have strengthened my belief in ADC and my conviction that we are on the right path toward long-term value creation.
  Robert E. (Bob) Switz President and Chief Executive Officer
   Undoubtedly, we will continue to participate in an uncertain industry and will face many ongoing challenges during 2004. However, I am confident that the ADC team will accomplish our mission through its passion for meeting our customers' needs for innovative broadband infrastructure solutions and services, and its tireless commitment to quality and winning in the competitive marketplace.
We made significant progress in 2003 and should now be well positioned to pursue the attractive growth opportunities that we see for ADC's long-term future. In the remainder of this letter, I will share with you highlights of our 2003 accomplishments and, more importantly, an overview of where we are heading in 2004 and beyond.
BUSINESS PROGRESS IN 2003
Though fiscal 2003 remained a challenging industry environment, our progress in 2003 positions ADC for a strong and promising future:
• Our fourth quarter was the first profitable quarter in 12 quarters. In the year, we reduced our loss per share by 93%—to $0.10 in fiscal 2003 from $1.44 in fiscal 2002. Our bottom-line results improved every quarter as we focused on lowering the breakeven point for our businesses throughout the year.
• Our balance sheet was strengthened, ending the year with cash and cash equivalents of $720 million. Total
A-4
cash provided by operating activities generated $39 million and we received proceeds from our $400 million convertible notes offering in June at low interest rates.
• Research and development expenditures were
increased to 14% of net sales compared to historical levels of 10% to 12% of net sales. This strong investment in future growth opportunities positions ADC to take advantage of the eventual upturn in customer demand for our broadband infrastructure solutions and services.
• Sales to customers outside of the U.S. increased to 36% of ADC’s net sales in fiscal 2003 from 27% in fiscal 2002. We are a global supplier with a geographic-based sales and marketing organization focused on key customers and growth opportunities worldwide.
• We saw acceptance of several new ADC products in the marketplace including our NG3TM high-density fiber distribution frame, Ethernet distribution frame and LoopStarTM span-powered Wi-Fi solution, as well as a DigivanceTM software defined radio trial. In addition,
we expanded our customer base for systems integration services across markets and into new technologies and geographies, along with continued deployments of our software and cable telephony/data systems.
Brought to you by Global Reports

 ADC's GROWTH STRATEGY AND OPPORTUNITIES
Entering 2004, ADC is better positioned for the future than at any time in a number of years, and we are very focused on rebuilding the company for long-term profitable growth. I am confident that our strategy is fully aligned with the best market opportunities for ADC. I also believe that we are well positioned to execute our strategy due to the talent of our people, customer acceptance of our products and services, the focus of our internal investments, and
our reduced cost structure.
I would like to share with you these key elements of our strategy:
• Improve growth by being a strong market leader in
our core businesses of broadband infrastructure solutions and services through market share gains, new product development and expansion into adjacent and related markets. We will be making incremental investments in fiscal 2004 and beyond to achieve sustainable longer-term returns.
• Develop partnerships and alliances to penetrate new channels and market opportunities.
• Use our low-cost structure as a competitive advantage. To do this we will build upon our prior success and continue to drive for cost-efficient operations to improve profit margins and cash flow.
• Actively evaluate and manage our portfolio of products and services to identify and pursue the most appropriate opportunities for higher growth and profitability. This may result in acquisitions or divestitures to fit our strategy. In the long-term, ADC will have greater focus in providing broadband infrastructure solutions and services.
• Attract and retain a strong team of talented employees contributing to our success.
Our products and services are currently used by wireline, wireless and cable service providers to deliver high-speed Internet, data, video, and voice services through their networks over copper, coaxial and fiber-optic cables and wireless media. And, we are actively working with our customers to arrive at the best approach and economics for their next-generation networks. To this end, ADC has aimed its new broadband infrastructure solutions and services to participate in these future growth areas of telecommunications capital spending. We are committed to being an industry leader in next-generation connectivity by providing high-performance solutions for opportunities such as fiber-to-the-premises architectures and gigabit Ethernet networks. For wireless networks, we offer our DigivanceTM system, which improves coverage and capacity, reduces time to market and lowers costs of network deployments while offering superior service. In our services business, we are now positioned to support carrier deployments of soft switch, metro optical transport and edge equipment, high- availability-bandwidth and DWDM (dense wavelength division multiplexing) networks, VoIP (voice over Internet Protocol) systems, and wireless networks among others.
MARKETPLACE RECOVERY
Everyone who follows our industry wants to know when market conditions will improve. While the timing of industry recovery remains uncertain, we believe communications capital spending will increase in conjunction with the following factors:
• Improvement in general economic conditions and employment growth.
• Higher network utilization rates.
• Deployment of new data and broadband services.
• Resumption of competitive response spending, where communications service providers spend on strengthening their networks to win and retain subscribers.
 Brought to you by Global Reports
A-5

 As these factors occur, we expect to see increased capital spending primarily in the last mile or edge of the network— a space that ADC has always viewed as its best opportunity for profitable growth. Increased demand for new broadband services such as gigabit Ethernet, video-on-demand, fiber- to-the-premises, and Wi-Fi access cannot be supported by most existing last-mile networks. We believe that deployment of these services will create increased demand for ADC's broadband infrastructure solutions and services. To us, the question is one of "when," not "if," increased demand will materialize in this area of the network.
THANK YOU FOR YOUR PATIENCE
AND CONTINUED SUPPORT
In closing, a number of heartfelt thanks are in order as we end one year and begin another. First, I would like to thank our customers for the opportunity to serve them. The entire ADC team remains 100% committed to serving our customers well, and we remain vigilant in our responsibility to understand our customers' needs and offer valued solutions and services.
I must also thank the employees of ADC. There is no doubt our employees offer ADC a true competitive advantage in the marketplace. Through the tumultuous industry period from 2001 through 2003, they have remained dedicated to serving our customers. I have great respect for their talent, and true appreciation for their hard work. Due to their efforts, ADC is positioned for success in fiscal 2004 and beyond.
And to our shareowners, I thank you for your patience and continued support as ADC continues its progress through a period of dramatic change in our industry. Fiscal 2004 could very well represent an important turning point for ADC's return to growth and profitability.
Robert E. (Bob) Switz
President and Chief Executive Officer
    A NOTE FROM THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The ADC board of directors began fiscal 2003 with no expectation that its CEO succession plans would be activated this past August. Fortunately, Bob Switz was in position to assume the role of CEO at the time of Rick Roscitt's resignation. Bob had already gained the respect and trust of the board through his long and effective service as chief financial officer and
as an operating executive over the better part of a decade. We also knew of his strong position of respect among ADC's employees, customers and shareowners. As a result of Rick's resignation, and after a thorough discussion among the directors, the board acted to approve Bob's appointment as CEO. The board also concluded that a separate nonexecutive chairman of the board position would be created to allow Bob to focus 100% of his energies on ADC's customers, operations, employees, and shareowners, as well as to respond to a growing corporate governance emphasis on separating the CEO's role from that of board chair. It is my pleasure and honor to be filling that role at this time.
On behalf of your board of directors, I want to assure you that Bob's actions since he assumed responsibility as CEO are more than justifying our confidence in him. He has smoothly and effectively assumed the leadership role for ADC, assured our employees and our key customers of a seamless executive transition, and made a number of positive changes in operations and key management positions. ADC is already a stronger and better company for his actions, and we look forward to supporting the efforts of Bob and his team of talented employees to grow value for ADC's shareowners.
John A. (Gus) Blanchard III Chairman of the Board
  John A.(Gus) Blanchard III Chairman of the Board
 A-6
Brought to you by Global Reports
