   DEAR FELLOW SHAREOWNERS,
Despite the past two years being the most severe downturn the telecommunications industry
has ever experienced, we remain focused on achieving three strategic goals for ADC to become a stronger, more profitable growth company. First, return to profitability
as soon as possible. Second, strengthen our already solid balance sheet, which includes a significant amount of cash. Third, increase market share in our core competency areas of supplying our customers with value-added broadband solutions for the last mile/kilometer of communications networks. In this letter, I will review the tough decisions
we made to lower our breakeven point significantly, the actions we are taking to grow shareowner value and our outlook for the opportunities ahead.
SIGNIFICANT PROGRESS IN LOWERING ADC’s BREAKEVEN POINT
The telecommunications industry downturn over the past
two years has reduced capital spending dramatically, forced numerous telecommunications companies into bankruptcy, resulted in more than a half million jobs lost and destroyed $2 trillion in market value. Like you, we are very disappointed with the state of the industry as well as ADC’s financial results and stock price performance in 2002. Following our aggressive restructuring in 2001, our cost reductions in 2002 were broad and deep as we managed through these difficult conditions by lowering our annual sales breakeven point from $2 billion to around $900 million. These actions, which are expected to help ADC return to profitability
and generate positive cash flow in 2003, produced the following results during the year:
• Reduced fixed factory and operating expenses by 49% or $800 million compared to 2001;
• Deactivated 1.8 million square feet of facilities, a
38% reduction compared to the beginning of the year;
• Increased outsourced manufacturing to support 33% of our sales in 2002 from 20% in 2001;
• Discontinued and divested our optical components,
the U.S. version of our iANTM Broadband Access Gateway, Avidia DSLAM and broadcast TV video routing product lines, which had combined sales of $15 million and operating losses of $97 million in 2002;
• Decreased our work force to 7,634 people at year end, a 37% reduction compared to 2001;
• Cut capital expenditures by $216 million, an 89% reduction compared to 2001; and
• Generated $265 million in cash flow by reducing inventories and accounts receivables in 2002.
We also expect positive cash flow benefits in the future from the following items:
• An income tax refund in the range of $100-$135 million that is expected to be received in the first calendar quarter of 2003 as a result of the carryback of our 2002 tax loss;
• Proceeds from the sale of assets that we deactivated as a result of restructuring our business to achieve a lower breakeven point; and
• Deferred tax assets of $711 million or $0.89 per diluted share that are expected to reduce future income tax liabilities when ADC becomes profitable. These deferred tax assets, most of which are not expected to expire until 2022, have been fully reserved for and therefore do not appear as an asset on our balance sheet as of October 31, 2002.
While the financial benefits of these actions were not immediately evident in a rapidly declining market, we expect the rewards of accelerated growth in earnings and
 Richard R. Roscitt
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ADC
A-4

 cash flow to be realized as ADC’s revenue begins to grow again. When the industry rebounds, ADC plans to be ready to grow with improved profitability. Over time, we believe that ADC’s stock price will reflect these improved fundamentals as the telecommunications sector becomes attractive again to investors. We thank you for your patience and support during this difficult transition that began in January 2001.
TAKING ACTION TO GROW ADC’s VALUE
The three major initiatives that I mentioned in last year’s shareowner letter remained intact for 2002 and continue to be acted on in 2003. These initiatives are designed to grow ADC’s shareowner value by focusing on high-potential products, capturing market share and running cost-efficient operations:
• First, a clearer, more focused product portfolio based
on growth, profitability and market leadership criteria.
In 2001 and 2002, we culled 12 product lines from
ADC that did not meet these criteria. These product lines had combined operating losses of $250 million and
$97 million in fiscal 2001 and 2002, respectively.
• Second, our new go-to-market strategy introduced in
2001 is now more fully leveraging ADC’s sales, marketing and customer service organizations to deliver value-added broadband solutions to our customers. This strategy helped ADC gain market share in fiscal 2002 with our broadband connectivity, systems integration, IP cable and software businesses. In fiscal 2002, ADC announced agreements to supply product or service to BellSouth, Cox Communications, EDS, H3G S.p.A., Nextel, Reliance Industries, SingTel Optus and Virgin Mobile among other customers around the world. We further strengthened this strategy and our management team when six key sales and business unit leaders joined ADC from other major telecom equipment suppliers in the second half of fiscal 2002.
• And finally, our strong emphasis on more cost-efficient operations in every aspect of our business resulted in lowering our breakeven point to sales levels comparable to the mid-1990s.
The industry downturn has drastically reset the market valuations of ADC, its peers and its customers. We believe that there is great long-term potential to grow ADC’s shareowner value from our reduced cost structure when sales growth resumes. ADC has been able to navigate through the downturn with its strong balance sheet containing substantial cash balances. As a result of the progress we have made and continue to make in rightsizing our business, ADC is lean, focused and ready to grow value for both our customers and investors.
OUTLOOK FOR THE OPPORTUNITIES AHEAD
The recovery of telecommunications capital spending is dependent on stronger and sustained economic growth, which is expected to increase the utilization rates of communications networks. High utilization rates should increase communications service providers’ cash flows, which eventually leads to a propensity to increase capital spending for the upgrade and expansion of communications networks. We also expect capital spending to improve as competition increases among wireline, cable and wireless service providers seeking to win and retain consumer and business subscribers with the best-value bundle of Internet, data, video and voice services.
The broadband world is still in its formative stage as approximately 17% of U.S. households are estimated to have broadband access at the end of 2002. Internet, data, video and voice services are increasingly digital and new communications applications are requiring more available bandwidth in each communications device, be it wired, cabled or wireless. ADC is one of the few companies that supply broadband equipment, software and integration services to wireline, cable and wireless service providers.
Each country’s economy and security are affected by the quality of its communications networks. Communications networks are capital intensive and rates of returns on these networks are affected by a given country’s communications
A-5

 regulations and policies. In order for the broadband world to move from today’s formative stage to the growth stage, communications regulations and policies in the United States must be enacted so that wireline, cable and wireless service providers can earn appropriate returns on their network investments. ADC is working with its industry peers to facilitate more favorable regulations and policies.
Our diversified customer base includes most of the large wireline, cable and wireless service providers and respective distributors. When the industry recovers, we expect broadband service providers to seek suppliers, like ADC, with a proven track record of providing value-added broadband solutions for the last mile/kilometer of communications networks. We believe we have taken the right steps to cost-effectively size our businesses for the most promising growth and profitability opportunities. During this transformation, we have positioned ADC to
be a partner of choice by helping to make broadband profitable for our customers. ADC differentiates itself from the competition by responsively meeting the specific broadband needs of each wireline, cable and wireless customer with our equipment, software and services. ADC’s value-added solutions of equipment, software and services are designed to help our customers be successful by improving broadband service delivery to grow their revenues and lowering costs to improve their profitability.
Our competitors are diversified across our product lines and are managing their businesses with many of the same financial and market issues that we face. As the industry recovers, we expect that there will be fewer suppliers and customers. The weaker companies may exit or be acquired. ADC plans to grow primarily through market share gains
in existing and new products that provide value-added solutions to our broadband customers. ADC also plans
to be a partner to or an acquirer of companies that can strengthen the value-added solutions we offer to wireline,
cable and wireless communications service providers.
As we adapt to the changing environment, ADC remains financially sound with a strong balance sheet, conservative accounting practices, a highly engaged and independent Board of Directors, and a management team focused on cost reduction and profitable growth in our core competency areas of broadband connectivity, HDSL systems, systems integration services, IP cable systems, operations support systems software, and wireless transport/coverage systems.
The past year was bittersweet. I was disappointed in the state of the industry and the decline in our financial results and stock price, as well as saddened by the continued workforce reductions required to lower our costs. At the same time, I was proud of our remaining employees for their perseverance in managing through the downturn and confident that we have the right people, products and financial strength to serve our customers at all times and grow shareowner value as the broadband capital spending cycle rebounds. Also, in a year fraught with corporate governance and accounting debacles, I am proud of
ADC’s high standards of integrity and sound corporate governance practices.
I want to thank you again for your patience and support as we manage through this incredibly severe downturn. We remain committed to maximizing the long-term value of your investment in ADC.
Richard R. Roscitt
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 A-6
