 DEAR FELLOW SHAREOWNERS,
Our industry is in the midst of a truly transformational pe-
riod – one that creates both challenges and opportunities for
ADC. The world wants greater broadband services anytime,
anywhere at decreasing prices. Our customers face increas-
ing competitive pressures for their services and are consoli-
dating to better position themselves to meet these demands. They are also placing increasing pressures on their suppliers to deliver solutions that enable them to provide new service offerings and obtain improved returns on investment. In response to the significant changes occurring with our customers, we are experi- encing increased competitive pressures and seeing signs of consolidation among equipment suppliers.
Yes, the challenges of industry transformation are real. For example, our customers’ consolidation activi- ties and the project nature of their new capital investment plans resulted in our sales growth slowing in the second half of our fiscal 2006. On the other hand, we also believe that this transformation presents us with significant opportunities. Our infrastructure products are integral to existing networks and are key components for the network transformation required to realize advanced broadband services. Almost every time you place a call, send an e-mail, view video programs or enjoy the Internet using a wireline or wireless device, the chances are that your communication relies upon ADC equipment. We are focused on the high-growth areas for network spending as our customers converge wireline and wireless applications and transition their infrastructure from core-to-edge, circuit-to-packet and copper-to-optical networks.
We continue to be zealously enthusiastic about and com- mitted to our strategic vision – to be the leading global supplier of network infrastructure solutions. In 2006, we achieved some important wins and took key steps toward positioning ADC for the future. In 2007, we will seize
the opportunities arising out of our changing industry by focusing on business execution excellence, competitive cost transformation and balanced sales growth through research and development investment, new product launches and business development initiatives. The strategic fundamen- tals of our business remain solid, and we are confident that we can deliver long-term growth and profitability.
2006 RESuLTS
After significantly exceeding the growth rates of our in- dustry and peers in 2005, our growth moderated in 2006, reflecting the industry dynamics affecting our segment of the market. Our sales in fiscal 2006 grew within the range of our peers and totaled $1.3 billion. We also significantly improved our cash flow in fiscal 2006. However, a shift- ing sales mix towards newer fiber-to-the-x (FTTX) products for node (N), curb (C) and premise (P) applications, as well as increasing pricing pressures from our customers and purchased materials made profitable growth more difficult. GAAP earnings per share were essentially flat versus our fiscal 2005. To offset these market forces, we will continue
Robert E.
(Bob) Switz President and
Chief Executive Officer
 4

 taking aggressive steps to operate our business more ef- ficiently.
Sales of product and service groups that represent ap- proximately 92% of our revenues grew in fiscal 2006. The primary growth driver was ADC’s global connectivity solu- tions. Annual sales of global fiber connectivity grew 62%, global copper connectivity sales were up 12% and global enterprise connectivity sales increased 2%. Further, annual sales of professional services grew 7%. Our connectivity and professional services sales benefited from our customers’ building and upgrading broadband networks to reach more business, residential and mobile subscribers with advanced services. This growth was offset by a 56% decline in wire- less access sales and a 7% decline in wireline access sales. ADC’s wireless access sales were impacted by the delayed timing of both new product introductions and customer deployments, as well as increased competition. Wireline ac- cess sales decreased due to the continued decline in market demand for high-bit rate digital subscriber line products. This market shift has been taking place because carriers are undertaking product substitution from copper-based trans- mission products to fiber-based networks that are Ethernet- native and closer to end-user premises.
Total cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations was $94 million, representing a substantial 24% growth rate. With $548 million in cash, cash equivalents and available-for-sale securities, we are well positioned to reinvest these funds to grow our business organically, transform our competitive cost position and to pursue potential strategic acquisition opportunities that can help grow our business.
While sales generally grew and our cash flow was strong, our profitability was essentially flat. Diluted GAAP earnings per share were $0.80 in fiscal 2006 compared to $0.81 in fiscal 2005. Earnings per share in 2006 benefited by $0.42 from the reduction of a valuation allowance on our signifi- cant deferred tax assets. After this adjustment, the lower earnings in fiscal 2006 were the result of higher special charges in 2006 and an unfavorable shift in product mix to sales of newer products with lower gross margins. This shift in sales mix, driven by our customers’ network plans, will continue to create pressure on ADC to achieve more cost- efficient operations.
LONG-TERM GROWTH POTENTIAL
As broadband networks continue to evolve and grow, we believe there will be significant growth opportunities for ADC’s next-generation core, FTTX, network automation,
wireless capacity/coverage and enterprise solutions.
The following factors fuel this belief:
• Wireline and wireless subscribers are demanding
new services for broadband content, such as video and music. The subscribers of our customers’ services want bundled, broadband communications anytime, anywhere. This demand for higher bandwidth consump- tion is driving our customers to upgrade their networks. In turn, we expect these upgrades to result in more ADC connectivity products and professional services sales.
• Demands for triple-play (video, data and voice) service offerings over both wireline and wireless networks are driving service providers to consoli- date. Many of our customers are consolidating and converging their networks to realize economies of scale, streamline operations and speed the delivery of new and improved broadband services to residential, business and mobile subscribers. While the process of consolida- tion has created near-term challenges for our business, we also see opportunity. After these acquisitions are completed and integrated, we believe the convergence of wireline and/or wireless networks provides ADC with opportunities for interconnecting the combined compa- nies’ multiple video, data and voice services.
• The need for businesses to provide their employees with both wired and wireless applications is driv- ing the emergence of the converged enterprise. New wireless applications and user interfaces must be integrated with the traditional fixed structured cabling. ADC is one of the few companies in the world capable of supplying a complete high-performance Wi-Fi and struc- tured cabling infrastructure portfolio for the converged enterprise.
• Competitive cost pressures are driving improved return-on-investment requirements by our customers. As our customers look for solutions to their own com- petitive cost pressures and operating efficiency require- ments, we believe new growth opportunities are created for our broadband infrastructure and access products, and professional services to connect cost-efficient, broadband technologies.
ADC’S PLAN TO GROW VALuE
ADC must have a multi-faceted, multi-year approach to grow- ing value for our shareowners in a market with ever increasing competitive pressures. We have established balanced sales growth, competitive cost transformation and business execu- tion excellence as the main priorities in our plan to grow sales, profitability and value to our shareowners.
www.global-reports.com
5

 • Balanced Sales Growth. We are targeting certain market and product segments, as well as certain geog- raphies as core to future growth plans. Key product segments include next-generation core networks,
FTTX, wireless capacity/coverage, network automation, and enterprise network upgrades. A good example of our new growth innovation is our new ACX and ADX automated cross-connect products – both first-to-mar- ket solutions – to serve fiber-to-the-node and remote wireless applications by providing a flexible, scalable platform that allows carriers to enhance and change services remotely for customers. These systems are being selected by European carriers to lower operational costs. Another example is our OMX 600 optical distribution frame, which was recognized by a large U.S. carrier in 2006 for technical innovation. The OMX 600 provides advanced cable management features that help pro- tect, manage and add value to high-speed networks. Further developments included our addition of 158 new fiber-to-the-premise (FTTP) customers in 2006 for a total of 375 customers worldwide. We also have introduced new fiber products for next-generation core networks and installed numerous carrier data networks. In 2006, we also introduced our Wi-Fi and WiMAX solutions for enterprise networks. Lastly, we are focused on China and India as important growth geographies, and are cur- rently conducting trials of our FTTP equipment in China.
• Competitive Cost Transformation. We are aggres- sively executing many initiatives designed to substan- tially improve our cost position and increase our profit margins. We are redefining core processes based on our customers’ demands for lower costs. We are migrating to a modular design approach that will enable a highly efficient configure-to-order business model. We plan to substantially reduce the overall amount of part numbers in a manner that allows ADC to continue to serve our customers effectively while incurring substantially lower engineering and production costs. We will continue
to move more of our manufacturing from the United States, Germany and Australia to lower-cost facilities
in China, the Czech Republic and Mexico. Both our internal process redesign and increased manufactur-
ing efficiencies should enable ADC to reduce our cost from sourcing as well as reduce inventory levels. We will continue our focus on optimizing operating expenses by utilizing shared services, simplifying our business struc- ture and consolidating facilities. These transformational and on-going changes will enable ADC to serve our customers more rapidly and cost-effectively.
6
• Business Execution Excellence. The customer service we offer and the quality of our products and services have long differentiated ADC in the marketplace. We will continue to work tirelessly to better understand the market and the needs of our customers. At ADC, we define our products and services based on our belief that ADC will continue to succeed if we can consistently deliver value to our customers. We will focus aggres- sively on execution to ensure that our current and future customers can depend on ADC to meet schedule, prod- uct, quality and service commitments. ADC has a highly talented global workforce. We are focused on ensuring that our talent has the information, resources, processes and support systems needed to achieve an execution excellence that translates into value for our customers and shareowners.
We remain committed to strategically managing our busi- ness for long-term growth and profitability. Despite the challenges of an industry in the midst of transformation, we remain optimistic that there are substantial future op- portunities for our company. Furthermore, we are confident that we have the right plans to position ADC to seize these opportunities.
To our shareowners, on behalf of the entire ADC board of directors, I thank you for your continued support of ADC’s plan to build long-term value by pursuing our vision to become the global leader in network infrastructure. I would also like to thank our customers for the privilege of helping them reach their goals with our comprehensive network infrastructure products and services. And to ADC’s highly talented employees, I thank you for your continued drive and commitment to serving our customers and achieving our business objectives.
Robert E. Switz
President and Chief Executive Officer
 www.global-reports.com
