   Dear Fellow Shareholders,
Fiscal 2018 was a banner year for Analog Devices, marked by record financial results and a significantly fortified business position. During the year we made stellar progress in extending our cutting-edge technology portfolio, broadening and deepening our customer engagements, and integrating Linear Technology (LTC). We enter
fiscal 2019 better positioned than ever to grow profitably and gain market share over the long term.
Fiscal 2018 Financial Results
Revenue surpassed $6 billion for the first time in our over 50-year history. Growth was led by our B2B markets comprised of industrial, communications, and automotive, which, in the aggregate, increased well into the double digits year-over-year, more than offsetting weakness in our consumer market. We posted record non-GAAP gross and operating margins of 71% and 42%, respectively, and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share increased more than 20% year-over-year.1
Most notably, we generated more than $2 billion of free cash flow, translating to a 35% free cash flow margin and placing ADI among the top 5% of the S&P 500.2 This enabled us to rapidly reduce our debt by over $1.5 billion and return cash to our shareholders. In 2018, we updated our capital allocation framework and now plan to return 100% of our free cash flow after debt payments to investors through dividends and share repurchases. Since 2005, in aggregate, we have returned more than $10 billion through dividends and share repurchases.
Business Progress
Beyond being a strong year financially, it was a year of exceptional business progress for ADI as well.
We made great strides in the integration of LTC in 2018, and we enter fiscal 2019 with employees across the organization unified and working towards the common goal of delivering long-term profitable growth.
Our R&D teams have synergized product roadmaps
and combined development activities, and are busily redefining the possible in analog, mixed-signal, power, and sensors to ensure we deliver leading-edge, impactful solutions for our customers.
1 The non-GAAP financial measures included in this letter to shareholders exclude certain items. Please refer to Page 103 of this Annual Report for additional information regarding these non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures.
2 Free cash flow is defined as cash provided by (used in) operating activities, less capital expenditures. Please refer to Page 104 of this Annual Report for a reconciliation of free cash flow to net cash provided by operating activities.
Our combined sales force has enabled us to broaden and deepen our customer engagement activities. As a result, our opportunity pipeline has significantly expanded as
we reach more customers directly and cross-sell the combined portfolio. Given the complementarity of the ADI and LTC product portfolios and customer relationships, we are increasingly confident in our objective to double LTC’s revenue growth rate over the next few years.
In short, we have created an industry-leading product portfolio and a team of world-class technologists, with an unparalleled suite of capabilities that range from sensor to cloud, from DC to 100 GHz, and from nanowatts to kilowatts.
Opportunities Ahead
I believe that we are very well prepared strategically and operationally to grow and capture new market opportu- nities in the years ahead. Beyond our own preparedness, our confidence is grounded in a few externalities:
• An insatiable appetite for data is driving enterprises to reconfigure their existing business models, and entirely new models are emerging that were unimaginable just a decade ago. Those enterprises are increasingly turning to us because ADI is where data is born.
• Technology macrotrends such as autonomous and electric vehicles, 5G connectivity, Industry 4.0, and digital healthcare are creating secular tailwinds for ADI.
• ADI’s analog experience and expertise in bridging the physical and digital domains is increasingly critical to our customers’ business success.
• Our customers are partnering more deeply with us than ever before to leverage the full benefit of our technology capabilities and domain expertise to meet the growing innovation demands of their customers.
Key Markets
ADI’s diversity in products and markets is one of our significant strengths, providing long-term stability and a launch pad for future growth. I’d like to outline just a few of the opportunities on which we are focused.
To manage the explosion in data and its efficient move- ment, wireless and wireline networks will undergo a revolution in the near term and, indeed, for many years to come. For example, in the wireless communications sector, 5G is emerging and will enable up to 20 times the
 
  data throughput when compared to 4G systems. ADI’s strong position in more advanced 4G systems will continue to fuel growth in the near term and positions us well to collaborate with our customers to enable them to make the leaps necessary to deploy 5G networks.
Much of the innovation in these 5G systems is taking place in the radio subsystem where ADI enjoys a leadership position. Here, the signal processing and thermal management challenges are amplified by the fact that physical space is constrained to that of prior generations. In response, customers are using new beam-steered, multiple antenna (massive MIMO) implementations
to drive higher spectral efficiency. Massive MIMO represents a significant growth opportunity for ADI as our comprehensive portfolio of software-defined, mixed-signal, algorithmic, RF & microwave, and power management technologies enable us to solve these immense radio challenges.
In the industrial sector, our customers are deploying new sensing modalities and communications technologies, thereby changing the nature of automation systems
and how value will be created. ADI has the heritage, the domain expertise, and the vast breadth of technologies and capabilities across sensing, measuring, interpret- ing, and power management that are necessary for the realization of the digital factory envisioned by Industry 4.0. Beyond data capture, conversion, and digital isola- tion technologies, we are adding rugged, secure, and deterministic communications technologies, along with a broader array of chip-scale sensors to further expand our addressable market.
In the automotive sector, we see the attention of customers shifting from creating value through differen- tiated engine technologies to rapidly evolving the human experience. This is being achieved through the deploy- ment of increasing semiconductor and software content. For example, ADI’s wide-ranging portfolio in radar, LiDAR, and inertial measurement solutions, coupled with power management, is strengthening our position across auton- omous driving programs. In addition, our customers are increasingly looking to ADI to help achieve the necessary levels of compute efficiency and visual acuity needed to achieve their plans for fully autonomous vehicles.
In the vehicle electrification area, our current generation battery management solutions (BMS) deliver more miles per charge compared to our competitors and significantly extend battery life. And we are working on architectural innovations that will change the way the BMS problems of power density, accuracy, safety, and weight are solved in the future.
And finally, in healthcare, the convergence of burgeon- ing sector economic challenges and the need for more sophisticated diagnostics technologies position us for strong growth. For example, in digital x-ray imaging, we are leveraging our heritage of high-end signal processing components to create highly integrated “photons to bits” sub-subsystems that dramatically simplify our customers’ design challenges while enabling them to deliver increas- ingly high image fidelity at lower radiation dosages.
Closing Thoughts
Our strong success over the past five-plus decades has been guided by a consistent set of beliefs. Firstly, superior innovation drives superior results. We focus on markets that value our innovation. Secondly, technology and business diversity create a broad array of opportunity and greater resilience. And thirdly, we maniacally focus on continuously improving every aspect of our performance. Our 15,000+ employees are dedicated to expanding our capabilities and creating innovative solutions for our customers each and every day. This ethos drives a sustainable business model that generates superior revenue growth, profitability, and cash flow.
ADI has successfully navigated many business and technology transitions over its history. But success can be a sleeping pill, so we do not take anything for granted. We know, however, that over the long term, the combina- tion of our unparalleled technology portfolio, ingenious problem solvers, and exceptional operational execution will continue to fuel our success and drive returns for you, our investors.
Sincerely,
Vincent Roche
President and Chief Executive Officer Analog Devices, Inc.
       