2007 Annual Report

Dear Shareholders: Fiscal 2007 was a year marked by both continuity and change for ADI. We made important strategic decisions regarding the markets in which we will compete going forward, while staying true to the tenets that have supported our success in the past by continuing to invest in core signal processing technology that offers our customers a competitive advantage. Our financial performance during fiscal 2007 was solid. Despite weaker overall market conditions, we grew revenue faster than our competitors. Our gross profits and operating profits continued to be among the best in the semiconductor industry. During 2007, we intensified our focus on opportunities that should produce solid growth, high and sustainable margins, good return on research and development (R&D) investments, and high return on assets and equity. As such, we decided to divest the cellular handset radio and baseband modem chipset business. As the calendar year end approached, we divested our CPU voltage regulation and PC thermal monitoring business as well. Despite a competitive product portfolio in each of these areas, we concluded that the investments required to grow these Diluted Earnings Per Share businesses were not commensurate with the returns that we (Continuing Operations) could generate. By selling these businesses, we provided a good path forward for our customers, a good opportunity for the employees in these businesses, and much better returns for our $1.51 $1.39 $1.50 investors, as evidenced by the improving profit margins and return on investment we expect going forward. Given the timing $0.98 of these transactions, our financial results presented in this $1.00 annual report are for continuing operations which exclude only the cellular handset radio and baseband operations. Product revenue for fiscal year 2007 grew to $2.5 billion, an increase of 7% from the previous fiscal year. Diluted earnings per share (EPS) from continuing operations was $1.51 for fiscal year 2007, compared to $1.39 for the previous year.
$0.50

2005

2006

2007

Revenue from analog products increased 9% in fiscal 2007 and now accounts for 90% of product revenue. Within this product category, revenue from converter products increased 8% for the year, while amplifier product revenue increased 5% for the year. Revenue from other analog products, including Micro-Electro Mechanical Systems (MEMS) and 2007 Revenue By Product Category: $2.5 Billion Radio Frequency (RF) products, increased 27% for DSP 10% the year. During 2007, we continued to refine our strategy for digital signal processing (DSP) technology MEMS, RF and to focus on general-purpose DSP products, which Other Analog represented 9% of total product revenue and increased 16% 4% for the year. During 2007, we generated $820 million of operating cash flow, or 32% of total revenue, and we continued to use our strong balance sheet to improve shareholder returns. For the year, we paid $228 million in cash dividends, representing one of the highest yields among semiconductor companies. We also repurchased over $1.6 billion of ADI stock, for a total of $3.3 billion of stock repurchased since the beginning of the fourth quarter of 2004, representing 25% of outstanding shares. These large stock repurchases will accelerate the growth rate of EPS as net income grows. We ended the fiscal year with cash and short-term investments of approximately $1.1 billion.
Converters 44%

Power Management and References 8%

Amplifiers 22% Revenue from analog products grew 9% year-to-year and represented 90% of total product revenue.

2007 Annual Report
Our performance is the result of our continuous dedication over many decades to providing the semiconductor technology required to connect electronics to the real world. The profusion of digital products in many diverse end markets and applications has triggered a similar, and often proportionately larger, requirement for high-performance analog technology. Industry analysts estimate that for every dollar of digital content added to an electronic product, more than a dollar of analog technology is also required.* Analog content often defines the user experience. ADI technology often optimizes the sharpness of the picture, the fidelity of the music, and the size, shape and battery life of the system, and as a result, gives our customers a competitive edge. Our breadth of products, customers, and applications makes ADI a very unique semiconductor company. We serve over 50,000 customers worldwide with over 10,000 standard products. In addition, we selectively invest in more specialized products for applications where the customer base is narrow, but unit volumes per customer are very high. This allows us to leverage investments in core signal processing technology while earning a very good return on the assets employed. In the medical instrumentation market, our focus on the user experience takes on profound meaning. Precision is critical in this market and ADI's high-performance signal processing technology has enabled advances in CT, MRI, PET, digital X-ray, and ultrasound scanners, resulting in faster and more accurate diagnoses with fewer invasive procedures. Further, ultrasound examinations are increasingly conducted in non-traditional environments, such as doctors' offices, ambulatory units, and remote rural or under-developed locations. But the convenience of portability has historically required manufacturers to sacrifice image quality, limiting the medical diagnoses that are possible. The AD9271, introduced in 2007, integrates eight data channels on a single chip. This unprecedented level of integration allows medical equipment designers to reduce the size of the signal path for mobile ultrasound systems by 50 percent and lower power requirements by 25 percent, all while achieving performance standards required in critical care settings. Another example of the proliferation of ADI's technology is occurring in today's automobiles, which are increasingly becoming rolling collections of innovative vehicle safety, convenience, and performance subsystems with the driver experience in mind. In fact, in 2007 model year vehicles, industry observers estimate that nearly 20% of the vehicle cost is electronic equipment. While the auto industry unit growth rate is low, the value of the electronic content per vehicle is growing at a much faster 2007 Revenue By End Market rate. We believe the market for our products in automobiles could nearly double by the Wireless Wireless year 2011 as regulatory forces, Infrastructure Infrastructure 12% consumer expectations, and driver Industrial Industrial Wired convenience continue to propel Instrumentation Wired Instrumentation 28% Communications advances in automobile electronics.  Factory Automation Communications 8% In vehicle safety, for example, the initial emphasis was on passive systems such as seat belts, crumple zones, and airbags to reduce injuries in crashes. Today the focus is on crash Medical 6% Consumer Medical prevention with active safety systems such  HDTV as antilock brakes, electronic skid control,  Home Theatre and anti-rollover systems. These stability ATE  Video & Still Cameras Consumer 22% control systems require very precise  Audio/Video Systems Automotive ATE 3%  Video Games measurement of chassis position and both linear and rotational acceleration and Defense Computer have historically required relatively Automotive 8% expensive inertial sensors. ADI's Across a wide range of applications, ADI technology often optimizes the sharpness of newest iMEMS® accelerometers and the picture, the fidelity of the music, and the size, shape and battery life of the system, and as a result, gives our customers a competitive edge. gyroscope sensors--motion sensors similar in concept to those used in popular video game controllers--will enable high reliability and more cost-effective deployment into the mass market.
Portable Portable Media Devices Media 2%  Robotics  Process Control  Motor Controls

* Databeans, 2008

President's Letter to Shareholders
ADI's signal processing technology will continue to influence the driving experience of the future as innovations in safety systems, entertainment, and efficiency require more signal processing content at higher performance levels. The continued demand for cellular handsets and the increasing popularity of new functions--such as text messaging, downloadable ring tones, cameras, music players, and television--has led to a corresponding demand for base stations that can process multiple wireless standards, handle the complex modulation requirements of 3G systems, accommodate several input and output sources in antenna systems, and offer increased coverage per tower. ADI's wireless infrastructure solutions help define the user experience by accurately and efficiently amplifying, converting, and processing the signals and by delivering, in real-time, enhanced sound, images, and data to the end-user. High-performance products from ADI can be found almost everywhere in the wireless infrastructure, enabling wireless consumers to enjoy more features, faster delivery of data services, and fewer dropped calls. These are just a few examples where it may not have been obvious how our focus on the user experience leads to profound competitive advantage for our customers. The more typical area of the market that people relate to user experience is consumer electronics. Revenue from consumer applications was the fastest growing portion of our business in 2007, as our solutions addressed signal processing challenges related to video and audio quality and connectivity and enabled our customers to create differentiated products that command a premium from consumers. If you own a digital camera, a high-definition television or if your living room is equipped with surround sound, the odds are you've experienced ADI's technology and its ability to improve the user experience. As we look ahead to fiscal 2008, ADI remains well positioned to grow and earn solid returns. · Our high-performance analog business remains very strong. Sales of converters and amplifiers now represent 66% of our total product revenue and these two product categories provide an attractive blend of long life cycle products with steady growth and products that supply compelling technology into very fast growing markets such as digital TVs, communications, and medical electronics. Our market share and brand recognition in converters and amplifiers are strong in every major region of the world. · We prioritized our investments in analog signal processing technologies throughout 2007 in support of our strategy to develop core technologies that can enable significant levels of differentiation across a broad range of applications. This investment strategy has produced a portfolio of "vintage" products that consistently produce high profits over unusually long life cycles and allow us to win design-ins in multiple generations of applications across very diverse markets.

Revenue by Product Category
$2.5B $2.1B $2B $2.3B

$1B

2005 Converters Amplifiers

2006

2007 Emerging Analog DSP

· We significantly raised our investment levels in emerging analog product categories, with the goal of gaining market share in RF technology, power management, MEMS products, and low power converters aimed at portable consumer and communications products. We've already begun to see the results of these investments and these products should continue to be growth drivers in 2008, as well as providing strong operating leverage as revenue increases. · Our product portfolio now includes a richer mix of fast-growing, high margin products and our inventories are now approaching our model levels, which will also help improve gross margins. Additionally, we expect to be in volume production of consumer MEMS products in Asia in 2008, which will allow for significantly lower cost and will improve our ability to scale volumes commensurate with market demand. We've also taken actions to reduce the cost of our manufacturing infrastructure with the closure in November of 2006 of our wafer fabrication facility in California and with the decision to focus our manufacturing in Ireland only on 8-inch wafer capacity.

2007 Annual Report
· Our end market performance remains strong and diversified. For the full year, revenue from products sold to industrial customers, which includes sales of products to medical, security, automotive, defense, and instrumentation applications, grew 7%. Revenue from consumer applications increased 23%, primarily due to sales of products into digital TVs, digital cameras, home theatre, and video games. Revenue from communications customers grew 7%. Our revenue in the computer market declined 17% in 2007, primarily due to our strategic decision to transition our power management portfolio away from PC products. Within each of these end markets are literally hundreds of applications that increasingly rely on innovative signal processing technology to enable new user experiences.

The distinct value proposition offered by Analog Devices is our ability to deliver innovative signal processing solutions that give our customers a competitive edge. The breadth of our product lines and the depth of our core technologies are an unmatched combination. We continue to cultivate an environment that appeals to the best and the brightest people who value innovation, collaboration, and technology leadership. We have invested in our employees' future and ADI's future. We've built strong relationships with customers. The growth opportunities ahead for ADI remain virtually endless and we are enthusiastic about what the future holds for our company, our employees, and our shareholders. Sincerely,

Jerald G. Fishman President and Chief Executive Officer

