2014 Annual Report

Dear Shareholder,
Fiscal 2014 was a year of great progress and transformation for Analog Devices (ADI). We achieved strong growth and profitability, completed the largest acquisition in our company's history, and created a new organizational structure to more effectively execute our business strategy. Throughout the year, we continued to advance toward our long-term goals, and we believe we have built a solid foundation for the future. Our 2014 financial results provide compelling evidence that our work over the past several years to refocus our strategy to those areas that offer sustainable and profitable growth is bearing fruit. In 2014, both our organic and acquisition-related sales increased and we achieved revenue growth of 9%, resulting in annual revenue of $2.9 billion. Our balance sheet remained strong, with cash flow from operations totaling $872 million, or 30% of sales, and net income of $629 million. We finished the year with a net cash and short-term investments balance of $2 billion. Over the past 10 years, ADI has created strong shareholder value, including returning more than $7 billion to investors. We continued this practice in 2014, returning $811 million to investors in the form of dividends and share repurchases, and increasing our quarterly dividend during the year by 9%--our 11th dividend increase in the past 10 years. The acquisition of Hittite Microwave Corporation in 2014 greatly strengthened ADI's innovation capability across RF, microwave, and millimeter wave applications. We are now better able to provide more complete solutions for industrial, healthcare, aerospace and defense, automotive safety, and communications infrastructure applications. Hittite Microwave products began contributing to ADI's revenue growth in the latter half of 2014 and we expect that the talent and technology that has been added to ADI's existing capabilities will continue to help accelerate revenue growth in 2015 and beyond.
Sustainable Innovation Drives Revenue Growth in Key Markets
Annual Revenue ($M)
$2,993 $2,762 $2,701 $2,634 $2,865

$2,015

FY2009

FY2010

FY2011

FY2012

FY2013

FY2014

5 Year CAGR Year-Over-Year Industrial, Automotive, and Communications Infrastructure Consumer Total 11% ­8% 7% 14% ­20% 9%

Increasing Returns to Shareholders
Cumulative Since FY2004 ($M)
$7,672 $6,862 $5,890 $4,751 $3,959 $4,988 $5,277 $6,395

$2,083

FY2004 FY2007 to FY2006

FY2008

FY2009

FY2010

FY2011

FY2012

FY2013

FY2014

Cumulative Share Repurchases

Cumulative Dividends

We also made important organizational changes at the end of 2014 to increase the speed and impact of our innovation activity. Our new organizational structure centers on market-focused technology leadership, and our engineers are now even better positioned to collaborate closely with customers to solve their most pressing signal processing challenges, and to address the evolving needs of the markets we serve. The Future--Now in Progress The same core philosophy has guided ADI since our founding: superior innovation drives superior results. Our customers' most innovative ideas depend on ADI delivering solutions that were scarcely imaginable without our technology and expertise. Today, the opportunity for ADI is greater than ever before, as the need to sense, monitor, control, and connect to the physical world is dramatically increasing the criticality of signal processing technology across all of our served markets. For example, by 2020 it is expected that the automotive industry will utilize 22 billion sensors per year. Wireless network service providers will need to support 1000 times more data capacity than today. A staggering 50 billion devices will be connected to the Internet. A new industrial revolution will emerge, driven by factory automation. Wearable vital signs monitoring devices will transform patient care. ADI is one of the few companies with the engineering talent, breadth of product and technology capabilities, and system domain expertise required to solve the signal processing challenges presented by this era of ubiquitous sensing. The ADI brand has long been synonymous with innovation and high performance and our core franchise of converter, amplifier, MEMS, RF, microwave, and sensor technology will play an increasingly critical role in the emerging sensor rich, hyperconnected environment. Our Strategy and Financial Model In order to take full advantage of these emerging trends within the high standards of our financial model, we are continuing to focus our efforts and investments where innovation is highly valued and signal processing is critical to the target application. In addition, our chosen application and market areas are characterized by high and substantial barriers to entry and long life cycles, which together combine to position us for solid and sustainable financial performance.
89% of Revenue from Business-to-Business Applications in Industrial, Automotive, and Communications Infrastructure
89%

Automotive 18% Industrial 47%

Communications Infrastructure 24% Consumer 11%

The value customers derive from our innovation is Total Revenue: $2.9B evident in the profits we earn. Given the strength of Annual Revenue for Fiscal 2014 ADI's innovation and the diversity of the markets and customers we serve, we believe that ADI is capable of delivering even more impressive returns for shareholders in the future. In 2014, we introduced a new financial model that aims to deliver annual earnings per share (EPS) growth of 8% to 15%, and we announced a 2020 EPS target of $4 to $5 per share, on a non-GAAP basis.

Celebrating 50 Years of Innovation In 2015, we will mark ADI's 50th anniversary--a significant milestone that underscores the enduring quality of our technical innovation, the strength of our business strategy, and the talent and dedication of our people. We enter our 50th year in a stronger position than at any point in the company's history. We are a recognized market leader, with a majority of our sales coming from product categories where we have a leading position. We have a diversified base of more than 100,000 customers who increasingly depend on ADI as a critical engineering partner and as a reliable and high quality supplier of more than 20,000 high performance products. We possess a vast portfolio of high performance technologies and the ability to deliver an array of integrated signal processing solutions and application specific products. Leading ADI into the future is a well seasoned and experienced management team with an extremely talented and committed innovation team. At ADI, we are passionate about making tomorrow's possibilities a reality. With the overarching aspiration to engage every customer early in the innovation process and solve their critical signal processing challenges, we believe we can create an even brighter future for our people, our customers, and our shareholders. Sincerely,

v
Vincent T. Roche President and CEO Analog Devices, Inc.

This letter may be deemed to contain forward looking statements intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward looking statements include, among other things, our statements regarding expected growth and performance of our business and the markets and customers we serve, expected R&D investment levels and returns, technology development and achievements, and product development efforts and product offerings, expected revenue growth, profitability, margins, earnings per share, and other financial results, expected cash generation and shareholder returns, anticipated benefits and synergies from the Hittite acquisition, and expected executive performance and employee retention, that are based on our current expectations, beliefs, assumptions, estimates, forecasts, and projections about our business and the markets in which Analog Devices operates. The statements contained in this letter are not guarantees of future performance, are inherently uncertain, involve certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict, and do not give effect to the potential impact of any mergers, acquisitions, divestitures, or business combinations that may be announced or closed after the date hereof. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed in such forward looking statements, and such statements should not be relied upon as representing Analog Devices' expectations or beliefs as of any date subsequent to the date of this letter. We do not undertake any obligation to update forward looking statements made by us. Important factors that may affect future operating results include: any faltering in the global economic conditions or the stability of credit and financial markets, erosion of consumer confidence and declines in customer demand or spending, unavailability of raw materials, services, supplies, or manufacturing capacity, changes in geographic, product, or customer mix, our ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses and technologies, adverse results in litigation matters, and other risk factors described in our most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our results of operations for the periods presented in this letter are not necessarily indicative of our results for any future periods. Any projections in this letter are based on limited information currently available to Analog Devices, which is subject to change. Although any such projections and the factors influencing them will likely change, we will not necessarily update the information, as we will only provide guidance at certain points during the year. Such information speaks only as of the original issuance date of this letter.

