D E A R

S H A R E H O L D E R S :

This past year presented substantial challenges and significant opportunities to the agricultural industry. Adverse weather conditions, insects, and plant fungus reduced the size of the oilseed crops in both North and South America. Growing demand for commodities in the rapidly expanding economies of the Asia Pacific region brought extreme volatility to prices and precipitated shortages of transportation equipment. An outbreak of avian influenza required the culling of millions of birds and adversely impacted the global demand for poultry feed. A shift in consumer preference to low carbohydrate diets reduced the demand for wheat flour and increased the consumption of proteins. Rapidly rising prices for petroleum increased energy costs and stimulated demand for environmentally clean, cost-efficient renewable fuels produced from agriculture. Despite this chaotic environment, growth in the markets for nutrition and energy continued to track the world's increases in population and standards of living. At ADM, we maintained our focus on long-term trends in demand for our products and endeavored to position the Company to capture opportunities to increase our production of higher margin ingredients. Again this year, our management successfully addressed the issues we confronted and produced a solid improvement in operating results from our unparalleled network of global resources. For fiscal 2004, ADM reported earnings increased 9% to $495 million or $.76 per share from $451 million or $.70 per share in 2003. Net sales improved 18% to $36 billion, operating profits strengthened by 56% to $1.56 billion, and shareholders' equity increased 9% to $7.7 billion. The cash dividend to shareholders was increased to an annualized rate of $.30 per share and we revised our business segments to improve our communication of financial information to our investors. We closed the year with a stronger balance sheet, increased liquidity, and a substantial reduction in contingent liabilities. This past year, we continued to strengthen the Company's governance and increased our investment in our employees by expanding our global training programs. We intensified the focus on safety at

P a g e

2

our operating facilities and, as a result, experienced a further reduction in work time lost from accidents. Acknowledging ADM's role as an essential link between the farming community and the global markets, we placed the highest priority on enhancing our relationships with both suppliers and customers. During the year, our customers designated ADM as the supplier of choice for soy protein, grains, fats and oils. In addition, for the third consecutive year, ADM was selected as Frito-Lay's Vegetable Oil Supplier of the Year. It is apparent that our renewed efforts to achieve maximum customer satisfaction drives growth and creates new opportunities to expand our markets. As we look forward to 2005, ADM is positioned to capitalize on the changing characteristics of the agricultural landscape. Creativity and innovation are expected daily from the team at ADM. Our employees are driven to maximize the Company's resources to add value to agriculture and build value for our shareholders. This coming year holds the promise of great opportunities to achieve both of those goals. We appreciate your continued confidence in our future. Sincerely,
Right; Paul B. Mulhollem President and Chief Operating Officer Left; G. Allen Andreas Chairman and Chief Executive

G. Allen Andreas Chairman and Chief Executive

Paul B. Mulhollem President and Chief Operating Officer

P a g e

3

ADM 2004 Annual Report

