  Dear Shareholders,
At ADP we have always measured our performance against consistently high standards. Based on these expectations, fiscal 2002 was a difficult and challenging year.
WEAK ECONOMY
The economy weakened early in the fiscal year and then stabilized, but has not rebounded, as far
as we can tell. The weak economy affected us in three primary ways.
Employer Services, our largest business at 60% of revenues, had: slow new business sales; weaker retention, as client bankruptcies increased; fewer employees on our clients’ payrolls; and less funds to invest, as our clients’ employee compensation growth slowed markedly.
Brokerage Services, our second largest business at 25% of revenues, was impacted by: a significant reduction in individual investor trades, which generate higher revenue per trade than institutional and other trades; the continued consolidation of brokerage firms; and significantly less discretionary spending by the financial services industry.
Interest rates, which had declined 275 basis points in ’01, declined an additional 200 basis points in ’02. Since our average daily bal- ance of investable funds was about $11 billion, the
interest rate decline had a significant impact on our profitability.
ADP’S PERFORMANCE IN FISCAL 2002
Despite these very significant macroeconomic issues, ADP continued to grow and, by many standards of measurement, had a good year.
• Consolidated revenues for the year grew 2% to $7.0 billion.
• Pre-tax earnings increased 7%.
• Earnings per share grew 10%.
• Cash flow from operations was very strong at $1.5 billion.
• We acquired over 17 million shares of ADP stock for about $875 million.
• Cash and marketable securities balances were over $2.7 billion and our long-term debt was down to about $91 million.
Arthur F. Weinbach
Gary C. Butler
 2

   28th
Consecutive Year
O ur Board increased A D P’s
• Return on equity was over 22%.
• Our Board increased ADP’s dividend for the 28th consecutive year by 12% to
$.46 per share.
• We introduced a significant number of new products and services in ’02, as you’ll see in the narrative body of this annual report.
• Most of ADP’s businesses set new highs in client satisfaction even though client retention weakened, primarily from increased bankruptcies.
• Our associate retention was at the best level in over a decade although our associate satisfaction scores declined slightly. We recognize that associate retention is aided by the weak market alternatives and we continue to work toward being an employer of choice.
• As the economy stayed soft for the second year in a row, we instituted tight cost containment and reduced our expense run rate for ’03 by about $100 million from where it would have been. This is in addition to the reduction of $150 million in ’02.
As we look at our results, the surprise is not Employer Services, where the busi- ness trends are not that unusual compared to our experience in prior recessions and recoveries. The big surprise – and challenge – is Brokerage Services. While our Employer Services business typically lags an economic recovery, Brokerage Services has performed well ahead of economic rebounds. This clearly has not happened. An unprecedented series of events – including the collapse of the dot com boom, the September 11th tragedy, the well-publicized corporate accounting scandals, and the loss of confidence in stock analysts – have led to a serious erosion of individual investor confidence, significantly lower retail trading activity, and less growth in the number of different stocks held by street name share- holders. We will have to see how these stock market-related issues evolve in the future.
LONGER TERM OUTLOOK
As we focus on the longer term, ADP remains remarkably strong and well positioned. Our markets are solid and growing. We have leading market share in most of our markets. Our financial position is excellent.
dividend for the 28th consecutive year by 12% to $.46 per share.
 O u r m ark et s are so lid an d growing. We have leading market share in most of
ourmarkets.Ourfinancial Wehaveverystrongdirectsalescapabilities.Ourservicelevelsandreputation
position is excellent.
are very good – and improving. Our service offerings are robust and getting more so. Associate retention – a key to building our long-term client relationships –
is at record levels. Furthermore, our productivity – bolstered by tight cost containment – is also at record levels, and should position us well as revenue rebounds with an economic recovery.
ACQUISITIONS
O ur strategic acquisition activity increased during ’02, as sellers’ price expectations became more reasonable. During the year we acquired several businesses, the largest of which were:
• In August, we acquired Avert, Inc., a leading pre-employment background verification and human resource help desk company, and have integrated Avert’s employment screening solutions with our core payroll, tax filing, human resource, and benefit services capabilities.
• In October, we acquired IBM’s Output Services business, which expands our statement printing capacity, and strengthens our position as a market leader in statement production and distribution to the financial services industry.
• In April, we acquired Digital Motorworks to provide the integration of key automotive data across multiple dealer management systems utilized by automotive manufacturers and the dealer consolidators.
3

  To our Shareholders continued
Our message to our associ- ates is one of great thanks and appreciation. O ur associates make ADP’s results happen.
You can expect us to increase our acquisition activity even further, as we look to supplement our internal growth with strategic acquisitions that extend our markets and add applications to our product sets.
OUR ASSOCIATES
We ask a lot of our associates at ADP, especially during difficult times. In this very challenging year, ADP associates really came through in many ways, including an increase in productivity and improved associate retention. Realistically we understand that tight cost containment tests morale and, even as we are working harder and better, our associates do not always get the recognition that goes with stronger growth. Our message to our associates is one of great thanks and appreciation. Our associates make ADP’s results happen.
Nothing tested our associates more than the events of September 11, 2001. Their performance in doing the right thing for our clients and other associates, even at great personal inconvenience and difficulty, can only be labeled as extraordinary. ADP’s associates deserve special recognition and accolades. We have never been more proud of them.
FINANCIAL/ACCOUNTING INTEGRITY
There is a lack of confidence today in the integrity of published financial statements. It is hard to address the topic without comments that sound either superficial or gratuitous. ADP is rated AAA by Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s – in fact, we are one of only seven U.S. companies with that rating. Our financials are consistently conservative – and we intend
to keep them that way. We do not have unusual unconsolidated ventures or unusual or undisclosed off balance sheet financing. Our consistent results over the years are a result of the strength of our recurring revenue model. We have long-term client relationships with most of our clients, and we receive revenue each period for our high quality services. We also have consistently generated strong cash flows from operations. We are proud of our financial record and our Company’s integrity.
FISCAL 2003 FORECAST
We are confident that ADP is well positioned for long-term growth and profitability. For fiscal 2003, despite the continuing uncertainties created by the macroeconomic environment, we are forecasting mid-single-digit growth in revenues and earnings per share. While this will break ADP’s track record of consecutive years of double-digit growth in earnings per share, we believe the benefits from the investments we are making in our future are more important than continuing the record.
We look forward to the future with enthusiasm and confidence.
  Top
Rating
Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s
ADP is rated A A A by
Standard & Poor’s and M oody’s ... one
of only seven U.S. companies with that rating.
  4
Arthur F. Weinbach
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
August 12, 2002
Gary C. Butler
President and
Chief Operating Officer
