Letter to Shareholders
50th Anniversary 1999 is the 50th Anniversary of a 21-year-old New Jersey accountant, Henry Taub, starting a business by manually preparing payrolls for companies. That was the start of ADP...and what a fabulous 50 years it has been for the Company. We've grown to over $5 billion in revenues and we did it with style. ADP has a unique record of continuous, consistent growth -- 152 consecutive quarters of record revenues and earnings per share growth, and 38 consecutive years of double-digit increases in EPS. The records are probably even longer, but the historical records prior to ADP going public in 1961 (when annual revenues were $400,000) aren't well preserved. During these 50 years, there have been only three predecessors as CEO and each of them had a remarkable track record. Our thanks to Henry Taub, Frank Lautenberg and Josh Weston for their vision and leadership in helping create the terrific company ADP has become today. Fiscal '99 Fiscal `99 was an excellent year for ADP. We had strong internal revenue growth especially in Employer Services and Brokerage Services, our two largest businesses, which combined, account for over 75% of ADP's revenues. This growth was fueled by an exceptional 20% sales growth in Employer Services and over 30% growth in brokerage trades processed for our Brokerage Services clients. We overcame federal funds interest rate decreases aggregating 75 basis points. Since the average daily balances we invest are about $6 billion, we are not immune to interest rate fluctuations. Nevertheless, the positive momentum of our core businesses and excellent expense control enabled us to achieve our forecasted growth. For `99, consolidated revenues grew 12% to $5.5 billion. Prior to the impact of several non-recurring items related to acquisitions and dispositions, pretax earnings increased 20%, net earnings were up 17% and EPS increased 15% to $1.13 from $.98 last year. In recognition of these strong operating results, our Board declared a two-for-one stock split and our 25th consecutive annual dividend increase, to $.305 per share, per year, effective January 1, 1999. ADP has significant financial strength and liquidity. Cash flow from operations exceeded $853 million, and year-end cash and marketable securities approximated $2.2 billion, after spending of $193 million in `99 to acquire businesses and ADP shares. We purchased 2.6 million ADP shares on the open market to fund employee equity plans. Shareholders' equity exceeds $4 billion and our long-term debt to equity ratio is 4%. Our return on shareholders' equity is a healthy 19%. Capital expenditures for the year were $178 million, about 3% of revenues. This compared to $202 million last year. The Future While we occasionally look back with pride at ADP's accomplishments, we spend virtually all of our time looking to the future, where all the uncertainty, ambiguity, fun and successes reside. Despite the accelerating pace of change -- which has been discussed so often it has become a cliché -- and the resultant uncertainties, we know strategically where we are heading, we have the adaptability to adjust, if necessary, and we are excellent at day-to-day tactical execution. Strategy Where we are heading is very exciting. We have excellent growth in our core markets. This growth is fueled by additional market penetration -- getting and keeping more clients -- and by adding value-added services to our offerings, which increases our revenues per client, enhances new sales opportunities and improves client retention. Our current internal revenue growth is 13 to 14%. Historically we have supplemented our internal growth with strategic acquisitions that have added, on average, 2 to 4%. The opportunities for ADP to acquire related products that we can market to our over 450,000 clients remain excellent. We are also focused on entering new business opportunities that extend our core markets while taking advantage of synergies with our existing business. We are especially excited about our recent entry into the professional employer organization (PEO) marketplace, benefits administration outsourcing, workers' compensation claims management, and the global brokerage market through our integration of U.S. and international equity and fixed income systems. Opportunities The Internet, delivering World Class Service, and continuing to acquire and retain associates with the right skills are challenges and opportunities for us in the years ahead. (1) The Internet will play an increasing role in ADP's success. Today it is an integral part of our strategy in every business. In the brokerage industry, where the fastest growth is coming from on-line trading, we are the leading service provider to the industry. In Employer Services, we recently introduced an Internet payroll and human resource product for small employers and the early response has been very positive. In Dealer Services, our joint venture with Cox Communications has created the largest used car database Web site (AutoConnectSM) on the Internet.
3

We are players in the Internet world and we will play on an even wider scale in the future. (2) The primary differentiator for service organizations in the future will increasingly be the quality of the service being offered. We have focused and invested heavily over the last 2+ years to move to our World Class Service goal. We have invested in tools, processes, training and staffing levels, and we are seeing results across all of our businesses. Nevertheless, our overall client retention rates have not yet sufficiently reflected the quality increase. They will. We will continue to intensify the focus and investment in World Class Service, as we strongly believe it is a fundamental foundation for ADP's long-term success. (3) We realized a year ago that one of the most rapid changes starting to take place now -- and one we expect to continue through the next decade -- is the shortage of qualified candidates entering the workforce who meet ADP's needs. We have introduced an Employer of Choice initiative to improve ADP's ability to attract and retain associates who will provide the expertise and commitment to quality service that will make us succeed. Are these enough for ADP to succeed? If our culture remains sufficiently adaptive to change; if we take advantage of our expert knowledge of the markets in which we compete; if we utilize our #1 market positions to out invest our competition in new and add-on products; if we utilize our strong financial position intelligently; and if we create the environment our 37,000 associates are proud to be part of...the answer is absolutely yes. The ingredients for success are clearly here. Our challenge--one we are confident we are up to--is to deliver. Y2K ADP has had a corporate Y2K office in place for multiple years. It has conducted ongoing reviews and audits on every existing ADP business and each new acquisition for Y2K compliance. Collectively, ADP has over 120 million lines of computer code that have been reviewed, remediated and tested for Y2K compliance. Additionally, we have been in live production on our primary payroll engine (AutoPay®) since April 1998 and we have conducted extensive testing with both the banking community and tax authorities. We also served as a lead participant and the primary provider, along with the Securities Industry Association, of the database test bed for brokerage industry-wide testing supervised by the Depository Trust Company (DTC). We have no known Y2K compliance issues at this time except final clean up and testing with a few recent acquisitions. Nonetheless, we will continue to inspect what we expect with internal audits and ongoing partner testing over the remaining months in 1999.

Acquisitions and Dispositions ADP supplements its internal growth with strategic acquisitions that extend our markets or add applications to our product sets. In `99 we acquired 12 businesses with approximately $245 million in revenues. Our largest acquisition was The Vincam Group, a leading PEO, with revenues of approximately $125 million. Vincam provides a suite of human resource functions to small- and medium-sized employers on an outsourced basis. Employer Services also acquired the benefits administration business of J&H/KVI, expanding our presence in that market. With the acquisition of OMR Systems, Brokerage Services increased its global processing capabilities for a wide range of non-securitized financial instruments. An important acquisition for Dealer Services was Dealer Solutions, a developer of client/server dealer management systems. We also review each business and product line and dispose of those that are no longer strategically relevant. In `98, we sold businesses with $95 million of annual revenues, and in `99 we stepped up the level of dispositions of businesses with $270 million of annual revenues. These two years represent a catch-up. We expect the level of dispositions to be lower in the future. Importance of People ADP's greatest strength is our team of 37,000 associates whose commitment to achieving World Class Service makes our service superior. Fortunately, we attract and retain extremely motivated, talented associates who really care about our clients and our company. They share our vision and help us win in the marketplace. Our Corporate Philosophy statement says it best: "Outstanding associates are the key to our success." In `99, Richard Douville joined ADP as Vice President Finance and Steve Anenen, Russ DeLoach and Karen Dykstra were promoted to Corporate Vice President in recognition of their significant contributions to ADP's success and their responsibilities. Forecast For the reasons we have expressed, we remain very confident in ADP's long-term prospects. In fiscal `00, we expect another year of double-digit EPS growth, while we manage through the Y2K changes and make significant investments in the future. Revenues will grow about 10% despite the impact of '99 dispositions of businesses. We hope you share our excitement and enthusiasm.

Arthur F. Weinbach Chairman & CEO August 10, 1999

Gary C. Butler President & COO

4

