 Gary C. Butler
PRESIDENT & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
A More Focused ADP
We are very pleased to have completed the tax-free spin-off of the Brokerage Services Group (BSG) business on March 30, 2007. We also divested Sandy Corporation, a Dealer Services business, in January 2007 and the Travel Clearing business in July 2007, both non-strategic, slow-growing businesses. The new ADP is a more focused company with the Employer Services and Dealer Services businesses having excellent growth potential for revenue and pretax earnings. I am confident that the newly focused ADP is well positioned to sustain strong organic revenue growth and pretax margin expansion.
Improving Financial Metrics
Fiscal 2007 was a year of strong performance. We increased revenues and new business sales, and continued to strengthen our product set. Revenues grew 14% and organic revenue growth was excellent at 12%. This is an acceleration over the fiscal 2006 organic growth rate of 10%. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $1.83 increased 26%, which includes the fiscal 2007 first quarter net one-time gain primarily from the sale of a Dealer Services non-core minority
investment. Excluding the net one-time gain, diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were $1.80, an increase of 24% over last year. Return on equity was healthy at 24%. Our investments in the Employer Services salesforce and expanded product set are clearly paying off as we achieved our third consecutive year of double-digit growth in new business sales. Our continuing commitment to World Class Service has resulted in another year of record client retention levels in Employer Services. Additionally, I am very pleased to share with you that for the 2006 calendar year-end, we prepared over 50 million W-2’s, our highest level yet for year-end processing. Fiscal 2007 was also an excellent year for Dealer Services, both in our core North American business and in our international business. New business sales growth was strong and client retention continued at enviable levels.
Returning Cash to Shareholders
We began fiscal 2007 with cash and marketable securities of $2.5 billion. In addition to our opening balance sheet, we had strong operating cash flows of $1.3 billion. Furthermore, from the BSG spin-off we received a $690 million cash dividend and approximately $73 million in cash that was repatriated from BSG’s Canadian subsidiaries. Collectively, this enabled ADP to buy back over 40 million shares of its common stock for treasury at a cost of over $1.9 billion during fiscal 2007, reflecting our confidence in ADP’s future growth opportunities. We also exited fiscal 2007 with a strong balance sheet with nearly $1.9 billion in cash and marketable securities. Our share buyback program is an ongoing commitment and, depending on market conditions, I anticipate we will continue to repurchase ADP shares as we move into fiscal 2008.
In furthering our commitment to return a greater level of excess cash to our shareholders, ADP’s board of directors increased the cash dividend 24% during fiscal 2007. This raised the dividend yield as of January 1, 2007 to about 2%, higher than our historical levels of 1% to 1.5%. Additionally, this increased, annual dividend of $0.92 per share was maintained after the completion of the BSG spin-off.
Our Associates
ADP’s team of nearly 46,000 associates is central to our continued success. Our dedicated associates continued to provide World Class Service to approximately 585,000 clients around the world. I would like to extend my special thanks to the many associates whose extra efforts contributed to the successful spin-off of the BSG business.
    ADP Summary Annual Report 2007 1
 
Our leadership is strong. Mike Martone, who was most recently the group president of Employer Services, was named chief operating officer this year. In addition, we promoted Kris Borkovich, Laurie Eldridge, Ed Flynn, and Al Nietzel to the position of corporate vice president in recognition of their important contributions to our success.
New ADP Chairman
Art Weinbach, ADP’s former chief executive officer and current non-executive chairman, will retire from ADP’s board of directors effective November 13, 2007, in accordance with ADP’s corporate governance principles regarding CEO transitions. Art was an invaluable resource for me this year and deserves much of the credit in the highly successful tax-free spin-off of our BSG business. Art is currently executive chairman of Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc., our former BSG business.
I am pleased to announce that Les Brun will become the new non-executive chairman of ADP upon Art’s retirement. Les is the chairman and chief executive officer of Sarr Group, LLC, an investment holding company. Les has served as an ADP director since 2003, and was also chairman of ADP’s nominating / corporate governance committee from 2005 through August 2007.
Ann Jordan retired from the ADP board effective August 2007. Ann had been a director since 1993 and we thank her for many years of valuable counsel and participation in ADP’s ongoing success.
A Look to ADP’s Future
As we move forward from fiscal 2007 we do so from a position of strength. We continue to invest in new products, to enhance our service delivery processes, and to expand our distribution resources, all of which are critical to our future success. I believe we are executing the right strategies with an excellent foundation for sustained double-digit revenue growth and increasing profitability over time.
I am also pleased that our recent fiscal 2008 forecasts of approximately 12% revenue growth and 18% to 21% diluted earnings per share growth, up from $1.80 in fiscal 2007 excluding the first quarter net one-time gain, are very much in line with our excellent performance in fiscal 2007 and fully in sync with our strategic priority to increase shareholder value.
Thank you for your continued confidence in ADP. I am very excited about the long-term prospects for our Company.
 Gary C. Butler
PRESIDENT & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
August 29, 2007
28 Financial Statements 32 Board of Directors and
Corporate Officers
34 Corporate Information
 TABLE OF CONTENTS
Inside Front
Cover Letter to Shareholders
03 Financial Highlights
04 Perspectives
08 Employer Services 22 Dealer Services
 2
