                                          LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
We are positioned to take ADP to new levels of growth, expanded markets, and enhanced shareholder value.
Left: Gary C. Butler Right: Arthur F. Weinbach
 2
TRANSITION YEAR
Fiscal 2004 was an important transition year for ADP. Although we reported lower earnings than in the prior year, we took the steps necessary to position ourselves for the future. We had over $7.7 billion of rev- enues, over $900 million of net income, and maintained our relatively rare position as a AAA-rated company by the major rating agencies. So, even in transition, it was a good year by most companies’ standards.
The good news...is that the cyclical contraction has reversed and we are on, what we believe to be, a sustainable growth path.
RECURRING REVENUE MODEL
One of ADP’s greatest strengths is its recurring revenue model. We have long- term relationships with most of our clients and receive revenue each month for the high-quality, value-added services we provide. Our growth is primarily driven by adding more new clients and services (sales) than we lose (client retention), and by the organic growth of our clients (for example, the number of employees on our clients’ payrolls (pays per control) or the number of trades processed by our Brokerage clients). For many years, we benefited from the consistent growth created by this model. Over the last three years, however, we learned the difficulties when the momentum goes the wrong way. The good news (and why fiscal 2004 was such an important transition year) is that the cyclical contraction has reversed and we are on, what we believe to be, a sustain- able growth path.

                                        WHAT HAPPENED IN FISCAL 2004?
We should never feel good about a year like fiscal 2004 where we had an earnings decline. We assure you we are not satisfied. However, we understand the factors that caused the decline. As we entered the fiscal year, we had three major economic trends going against us and, with full understanding, we added a fourth item that also negatively impacted earnings:
1. Early in the year, the residual impact of the weak economy affected our sales, pays per control, and the client fund balances on which we earn interest;
2. Weak brokerage markets resulted in (i) fewer trades processed, (ii) reduced retail trading activity, (iii) continued con- solidation of financial institutions within the brokerage industry and (iv) fewer shareholder communications;
3. Interest rates were at forty-year lows. Since our average daily balances of the combined corporate and client funds exceeded $14 billion in fiscal 2004, the continued low rates had a big impact; and
4. We decided to increase our invest- ment in the face of these negatives. During fiscal 2004, we spent $170 million on future growth opportunities and employer of choice initiatives.
Our new products, larger salesforce and energized associates are here now, in today’s strengthening economic environment.
As we ended the year, the improve- ment in the economy became apparent in our leading indicators and our results:
1. Our Employer Services’ sales growth improved in the second half of our fiscal year, client retention reached record highs for the year, and pays per control and client investable funds also showed improving growth rates in the second half of our fiscal year;
2. Brokerage markets rebounded and generated higher transaction volume, more retail trades, and, in the latter months of our fiscal year, increased investor communications mailings;
3. Interest rates started to rebound in reaction to the stronger economy and the Federal Reserve increased the target Fed funds rate by 25 basis points (the first increase in four years) on July 1, 2004 and by 25 basis points again on August 10, 2004; and
4. The timing of our investments in growth opportunities (primarily product development and salesforce growth) and employer of choice initiatives (including restoring full bonuses and increased focus on training) has worked out particularly well. Our new products, larger salesforce and energized associates are here now, in today’s strengthening economic envi- ronment.
WHERE ARE WE HEADED?
We face the future well positioned for the challenges and uncertainties of fiscal 2005 and beyond. We are forecasting mid-single digit revenue growth and double-digit earnings per share growth for fiscal 2005 while we continue to invest for future growth. We also are very positive about the longer term. Here are just a few of our significant strengths:
> a large and diversified client base;
> a very strong financial position;
> major market share positions;
> our highest quality service levels ever;
> excellent direct sales capabilities with a large and growing salesforce;
> strong product and service offerings in virtually every market in which we compete;
> long-term client relationships with client retention rates at record levels;
> record levels of productivity; and
> our most important asset – 42,000 trained, client service-oriented, committed and engaged associates.
3

                                         We face the future well positioned for the challenges and uncertainties of fiscal 2005 and beyond.
Our confidence in ADP’s future is reflect- ed in our acquisition of nearly 16 million shares of ADP common stock for about $650 million, and in our Board’s November 2003 decision to increase our dividend for the 30th consecutive year, by 17%.
ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSITIONS
Our growth objectives include supple- menting internal growth with strategic acquisitions that extend our markets (i) geographically, (ii) by broadening our mar- ket potential, (iii) by adding applications or services to our product set, or (iv) by adding clients in our existing markets. In fiscal 2004, we acquired six businesses with annualized revenues of about $130 million for an aggregate purchase price of approxi- mately $270 million.
The largest transactions were the acquisitions of ABZ, a Netherlands-based provider of insurance distribution services by our Claims Services division, and EDS’s Automotive Retail Group by Dealer Services.
In June, we announced the acquisition of Bank of America’s third-party clearing operations. We expect this transaction to close before the end of calendar 2004.
In addition, each year we review our business and product lines and dispose of or close businesses that are no longer strategically relevant. In fiscal 2004, we disposed of five businesses or product lines with aggregate revenues of approximately $80 million.
Arthur F. Weinbach
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
PROMOTIONS AND APPOINTMENT
We recently announced the following senior executive promotions: Mike Martone to Group President, Employer Services; Steve Anenen to President, Dealer Services; and Vince Coppola to President, Employer Services’ Major Accounts division.
During the year we also announced the promotions of Marianne Brown (Brokerage Services) and Vincent De Palma (Employer Services) to Corporate Vice President in recognition of their signifi- cant contributions to ADP’s success.
We were also very pleased that Glenn Hubbard joined our Board of Directors. Glenn is now the Dean of The Graduate School of Business at Columbia University following his role as chair of the U.S. Council of Economic Advisors.
LARRY TISCH
We lost a legend with the death of Larry Tisch. Larry was a Director of ADP from 1972 until his retirement at last November’s Annual Meeting of Share- holders. His wisdom and contributions to ADP’s success were significant. We will miss him.
IN CLOSING
We have been humbled by the last few years, but are proud of the leadership of our senior executive team and the com- mitment, dedication and contributions of all of our associates. We are positioned to look forward to the future with increasing optimism. Many thanks for your support and encouragement.
Gary C. Butler
President and Chief Operating Officer
  4
