let t er t o our shareholders

Arthur F. Weinbach (left) Gary C. Butler (right)

2000! What a w ay for ADP to start the 21st century. We had excellent financial results, built on a solid foundation of improved service quality, improved associate and client retention, and significantly expanded investments in our future grow th w ith emphasis on our "clicks and mortar" strategy. That's a lot of w ords for an introductory statement, but the message is clear. We are strong in our core businesses. And w ith the addition of the burgeoning opportunities created by the Internet, w e expect continued strength in the future.

2

Excellent Financial Results In fiscal `00, we had our best results relative to our expectations in many years. There w ere three major reasons for this strength: (1) despite our concerns about potential Y2K slow dow ns, Employer Services had almost 20% new business grow th over the previous year and a 1% client retention improvement ­both excellent results; (2) Brokerage Services trades processed for our clients grew at an amazing 54% ; and (3) average daily balances on funds held for clients and internal funds increased by a robust 20% to over $9 billion w hile the Fed funds rate increased by 175 basis points.

Our long-term debt is a very low $132 million, or 3% , of our $4.6 billion of shareholders' equity. Our return on shareholders' equity is about 20% . Capital expenditures w ere a modest $166 million in '00. Improved Service Quality Over three years ago, w e committed ourselves to becoming a World Class Service company. We did this w ith the belief that providing w orld class service is a requirement, not an option. The ultimate differentiator for service organizations in the future w ill be the quality of service they provide to their clients. In the last few years, w e invested over $100 million in tools, processes, training and staffing. This year our clients gave us our highest service quality ratings ever. Improved Associate Retention Tw o years ago, w e started an Employer of Choice initiative to make ADP a more attractive environment for our associates (our name for employees, reflecting their importance to our success). Among other things, w e have improved benefits and increased investments in training and communications. This initiative is a key enabler in retaining our current associates and in attracting qualified candidates. It is also of critical importance in improving service quality. M ost importantly, w e have now improved associate retention each of the last tw o years.

"ADP continues to operate from a position of solid financial results and liquidity. Standard & Poor's includes ADP among only 10 companies to w hich it gives its highest AAA rating."
For `00, consolidated revenues grew 13% to almost $6.3 billion. Pre-tax earnings increased 21%, net earnings were up 18% and earnings per share rose 16% to $1.31 from $1.13 last year. This was ADP's strongest EPS growth rate since 1995. But those results tell only part of the story. Because of the confluence of positive events, we were able to invest an additional $45 million in our future growth. More on this later... In recognition of these strong operating results, our Board increased our dividend for the 26th consecutive year, by 15% to an annual rate of $.35 per share, effective January 1, 2000. ADP continues to operate from a position of solid financial results and liquidity. Standard & Poor's includes ADP among only 10 companies to w hich it gives its highest AAA rating. Cash flow from operations w as approximately $1.1 billion, and year-end cash and marketable security balances w ere almost $2.5 billion, after spending of $201 million in '00 to acquire 4.6 million ADP shares on the open market to fund employee equity plans.

"Overall client retention across ADP's businesses show ed excellent results."
Improved Client Retention The results of providing w orld class service and being an employer of choice are improved client retention (and increased sales as a result of the positive references received from existing clients w ho are happy w ith our service). We are pleased to report that in `00, ADP began to receive the benefits of these investments. Overall client retention across ADP's businesses show ed excellent results. The highlight w as a 1% increase in client retention in the core business

3

of Employer Services. While this may not sound like a lot, it represents a 7% reduction in client losses w hich translates to over $20 million annually in additional high-margin recurring revenue. Over the last three years, client retention is up about 1-1/ 2% and we are proud of that result. Nevertheless, w e are far from realizing our client service and associate retention objectives, and fully recognizing meaningful economic benefit from the improvements. Our commitment and investments in these areas w ill remain high. Expanded Investments In Our Future Grow th ADP has alw ays invested in future grow th. Otherw ise, w e couldn't maintain our grow th records. How ever, '00 w as an unusual year. Our strong financial results enabled us to increase our investments by more than $45 million over w hat w e had planned entering the year. Each of these investments w as made for the primary objective of accelerating future grow th. The majority of these investments w ere directed at new business and Internet-related opportunities, and building our infrastructure to better handle the extraordinary grow th in brokerage transactions.

ture support. It is mortar, not bricks, because it isn't ADP's physical assets, it is ADP's people and processes that make it w ork. Linking these strengths in an increasingly outsourced w orld, enhanced by Web technology, puts ADP in a unique position to grow and succeed as the Internet becomes increasingly ubiquitous.

"...the w inning strategy for ADP is to link our enormous infrastructure strengths in sales and client service w ith...Internet offerings."
Importance of People The most critical element to our success is our team of 40,000 associates w ho continually strive to provide w orld class service to our nearly 500,000 clients. Fortunately, w e attract exceptionally client-oriented individuals w ho are highly motivated and dedicated. They are ADP and they are w hy ADP w ins in the marketplace. This year, Bob Schifellite w as promoted to Corporate Vice President in recognition of his level of responsibility and important contributions to our success. In addition, Ray M arlinga, most recently President of our Tax Filing business in Employer Services, and M ike Reece, Corporate Vice President ­Corporate Development, elected to retire. We w ill miss their contributions. Forecast For the Future We remain very confident that ADP is w ell positioned for longterm grow th and profitability. In fiscal '00, w e completed our 39th consecutive year of double-digit grow th in earnings per share. In '01, w e expect to extend that record w hile w e continue to invest in our future. This is an exciting time for ADP and for us. I hope you share our enthusiasm about the future.

"The majority of these investments w ere directed at new business and Internet-related opportunities, and building our infrastructure..."
ADP also completed the acquisition of Cunningham Graphics in June 2000. Cunningham, w ith annual revenues of $150 million, is a leading provider of time -sensitive printing to the financial services industry specializing in printing and distribution of complex research reports. Cunningham's services are a natural extension of the print and distribution services of our Brokerage Services Investor Communications business and should be an important grow th vehicle for that business in the years ahead. Clicks and M ortar Strategy We believe that the w inning strategy for ADP is to link our enormous infrastructure strengths in sales and client service w ith client ease of access and increased client control through Internet offerings. We call it clicks and mortar. The clicks are the significant Internet usage and the mortar is our infrastruc-

Arthur F. Weinbach Chairman and Chief Executive Officer August 14, 2000

Gary C. Butler President and Chief Operating Officer

4

