DEAR STOCKHOLDERS: 2014 was, first and foremost, a year about growth. We added $1 billion to revenue, representing a 23% increase over last year. Most notably, our organic growth was about 11%, or 4 times 2014 U.S. GDP growth, and above our long-term target of 3 times U.S. GDP. In addition, we augmented our growth by expanding our international footprint with the addition of a majority interest in Netherlandsbased BrandLoyalty, and our digital product offering with the addition of Conversant. This balanced growth was not at the expense of profitability, however, as we increased core EPS by 26%1. During the year, high-performing teams across all our businesses were laser-focused on leveraging rich data into measurable results for our clients through loyalty platforms suited for a broad spectrum of vertical markets. As evidenced by our client signings and financial performance, our business model and investment thesis continued to be among the most exciting and compelling in the delivery of data-driven, highly targeted loyalty marketing solutions. HOW WE DID IT
· We completed our largest acquisition,

LOOKING BACK , which operates the AIR MILES® LoyaltyOne® Reward Program in Canada and BrandLoyalty, had an overall solid year. Revenue was up 9% and adjusted EBITDA up 10% on a constant currency basis and including the pro forma 2013 results for BrandLoyalty. On a reported basis, revenue and adjusted EBITDA were up 53% and 36%, respectively. BrandLoyalty exceeded expectations, growing its revenue and adjusted EBITDA at the fastest clip of any of our businesses during the year. Notably, BrandLoyalty's new client partnerships further strengthened its position as the loyalty powerhouse in Europe, while also expanding into the key markets of Russia and China. Our Canadian AIR MILES Reward Program, however, came in lower than anticipated with its key metric, AIR MILES reward miles issued, growing only 1%. Our focus in 2015 will be to return that metric to our long-term goal of 4-5% growth. In Brazil, the dotz coalition -- of which we own approximately 37% -- increased its collector base to 14 million, up more than 30% from the prior year and ahead of expectations. Epsilon® had a mixed year, with revenues up 10%, driven by solid organic growth of 7%. The new Agility Harmony® platform is a hit with clients -- volumes are high and continuing to grow. In addition, the Conversant acquisition gives us significant scale in areas we needed, including targeted display, mobile, social and video. The competition for talent in this segment is fierce, and as such we incurred greater than expected costs as we added staff to accommodate growth. This resulted in virtually no flow-through of revenue growth to EBITDA growth -- clearly, a disappointment. We have plans to expand our off-shoring initiatives modestly in 2015 to moderate the growth rate in human capital costs and ensure revenue growth flows to EBITDA growth.

Conversant, which provides us with scale in the key digital markets of display, mobile and video.
· We focused on expanding our global

footprint in existing and new geographies, and driving collaboration between international loyalty platforms.
· We prudently invested in people,

enabling us to support our growing book of new business and the critical client needs that come with our high-touch, clientcentric approach.

1

See Appendix A for a discussion and reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA, net, core earnings and core earnings per diluted share.

Card Services (previously named Private Label Services and Credit) had another tremendous year, with revenues and adjusted EBITDA, net up 18% and 16%, respectively, and signing a record number of new clients. Our active cardholder base grew 10% to approximately 35 million. One in five women in the U.S. now carries one of our cards. The increasing number of new client signings and portfolio growth brings nice visibility as those vintages are expected to each ramp up to about $2 billion in portfolio growth over a three-year period. In order to support new business, we added about 1,000 associates, primarily in our care centers, and operating efficiencies paid off in the back half of the year, with revenue growth outpacing expense growth. In terms of organic growth, we continue to see credit sales growth as high as 3 times that of our brand partners' total sales growth, the result of leveraging rich data for deep insights across multiple delivery channels. Digital credit sales as a percentage of total credit sales increased to 25% in 2014. At the corporate level, liquidity was a comfortable $1.8 billion at year-end. When market opportunities arose, we opportunistically followed-through on our share repurchase program. More than $2.5 billion of our stock has been repurchased since 2008. We are well positioned as we strategically pursue current opportunities to invest in our business and also anticipate future needs as they arise. LOOKING AHEAD 2015 will be a year of focusing on execution and delivering on our promises across all businesses. We'll be looking to maintain balance and consistency, and to deliver growth in revenue that flows through to the bottom line. LoyaltyOne will, first and foremost, work toward returning the AIR MILES Reward Program to

improved issuance growth in the mid-single digit range, while the success of BrandLoyalty is expected to continue. Of key interest is the expansion of its footprint into Canada. Finally, we'll be looking for our dotz coalition in Brazil to grow approximately 30% in 2015. Epsilon has now added a powerful competitive advantage in Conversant, which will help Alliance Data leap-frog its capabilities in the digital space, especially in the targeted display category that plays across consumer screens. Conversant provides scale in the rapidly growing display, mobile, video and social digital channels. A key initiative will be to introduce Conversant's suite of digital products to other select Alliance Data clients, while also linking Epsilon's Agility Harmony capabilities with Conversant's capabilities to benefit existing clients. Additionally, driving revenue growth to the bottom line is critical. We expect another record year for Card Services. We anticipate the largest annual increase ever -- up to 30% -- in portfolio growth due to both higher card use within our core clients, and the ramping-up of the record number of new clients signed. While we don't believe the swipe is broken, we will participate in new digital payment models. Our proprietary mobile virtual card will continue to be a strong push, enabling us to collect first-party enhanced transactional data while meeting the needs of customers who want to access their card and its benefits via their smartphone. IN CLOSING Alliance Data has demonstrated a consistent track record as a growth company that delivers strong results to the bottom line. As our business continues to grow internationally, we're facing some headwinds in terms of currency exchange, but we're riding far stronger tailwinds in the increasing shift

toward the very specific, data-driven, targeted marketing that we specialize in -- and we have the results to back it up. We have a competitive advantage baked into this shift: We manage billions of digital interactions on a daily basis across desktop, mobile, social and video channels. With our unique and trusted view into our clients' transactional data, we're extremely well positioned to identify the right consumers online and offline, reach them at scale, and personalize messages that drive sustainable ROI. Regardless of the vertical, we have a platform -- coalition loyalty in the AIR MILES Reward Program, short-term loyalty in BrandLoyalty, long-term loyalty in Epsilon, or loyalty with a credit component in Card Services. While our businesses may cycle differently, all are growing, and together, they deliver a consistent and positive flow to earnings. I'd like to close by recognizing the 15,000 talented, dedicated associates who give their best every day for our company and our valued clients. They are the heart of Alliance Data and why our responsible business practices and passion for delivering powerful results for our business, our communities and our stockholders allow us to be among an elite group of high-performing companies. Earning the trust and confidence of our stockholders remains a top priority and I thank you for your continued support. We had a great 2014 -- we're ready to tackle 2015.

Edward J. Heffernan President and Chief Executive Officer

