To Our Stockholders
2010 revenue reached record levels, increasing 11% to $2.8 billion.

Dear Stockholders:
It was a big year--a really big year. We delivered record revenue, record adjusted EBITDA, record EPS and record core EPS. We accomplished this as the economy slowly began climbing out of the greatest recession we'd seen in 80 years. We did this while addressing requirements from the ever-challenging regulatory environment. And despite these headwinds...we still had a really big year. 2010 revenue reached record levels, increasing 11% to $2.8 billion, and our adjusted EBITDA increased 12% to $823 million. Income from continuing operations per diluted share increased 15% to $3.51 and core EPS increased 14% to $5.86--beating our guidance of $5.70. These results were in large part payoffs from the contrarian moves I talked about last year. To recap: Our first contrarian move was investing in ourselves when everyone else stopped spending and investing. In 2008 we began our plan to buy back nearly $2 billion in stock, and since then we've spent about $1.7 billion on 32.4 million shares, or roughly 40% of ADS' fully diluted shares outstanding at the start of the buyback program. The payoff: we've generated stronger earnings per share growth. While the big boys were pulling back from the private label business, our second contrarian move was aggressively pursuing some key portfolios--HSN and Charming Shoppes. We saw the best strategy for surviving the economic meltdown was to grow through it. Our confidence was also boosted by knowing our team was very capable in managing consumer credit losses and delinquencies in the face of 10% unemployment. And our third contrarian move was keeping our workforce largely intact. We didn't "slash and burn" headcount, and we didn't take our call centers offshore in hopes of cutting costs by using cheaper labor pools. The payoff: we've engendered additional loyalty and retained the needed talent to support our exceptional growth over the last year.

$2.8B

Our adjusted EBITDA increased 12% to $823 million.

$823M 15%

Income from continuing operations per diluted share increased 15% to $3.51.

Core EPS increased 14% to $5.86, beating our guidance of $5.70

14%

Balanced Growth.
LoyaltyOne's coalition loyalty program, the AIR MILES® Reward Program, remains the dominant player in Canada. We fought through a tough issuance year, but ended the year with issuances up 6% in December. We believe this is an important and positive indicator for this business, demonstrating momentum going into 2011. Our coalition program pilot in Brazil, dotz, exceeded expectations, and we're now primed for a national rollout to the 200 million people in Brazil. Epsilon continues to hit the ball out of the park--delivering both double-digit organic top-line and bottom-line growth. As the clear market leader, Epsilon is taking full advantage of the continued shift of marketing spend away from traditional mass advertising and towards highly targeted marketing solutions. We had a number of key wins and expansions among the Global 1000 brands this year-- including Kraft, Dell and Unilever. We also acquired Equifax's DMS division, which was a nice boost to our data offering, both in terms of new data sets and expansion into new verticals.

ADS outperformed the S&P 500 by 600% over a 10-year period.

600%

To Our Stockholders

increased the investment in learning and development programs. It's good for our associates--and it's good for our company. Our associates take great pride in our being active leaders in our communities. We also upped our game in corporate giving--we increased our spending, and over the next 2-3 years expect to be on par with the most admired companies. We're not in it for the awards, but rather will strategically invest in areas that will have a real impact in education, children's advocacy and independent living. It's human nature to want more communication during times of uncertainty. What I've learned as CEO thus far is that during tough times leadership needs to be visible. When the macro-economy was tanking and we were asking associates to do more with less, it was important for our associates to know that we are all part of a "Mothership," which was built to weather just about anything. So, at the end of 2009, I hit the road and began a long trek to visit our offices and associates. Specifically, I wanted them to understand the strength of our company and how their business aligns with the overall strategy. I've committed to an annual tour, so for associates reading this letter, I'm heading your way again soon.

· At Epsilon, we expect more of the same--record signings and record growth. We'd also like to continue to "bulk-up" Epsilon with one or two well-selected acquisitions. We fully intend to protect our marketleading position by having the most comprehensive, integrated offering so we can continue to meet the needs of the world's largest brands. · At Private Label, we expect to see our results only get stronger as the economy heals, affording us better credit quality and, at the same time, favorable funding costs. Our biggest goal, however, is to grow the critical drivers of both credit sales and the size of the card file. At year-end 2010, it was relatively flat to the prior year, so we will be aggressive in our pursuit of new clients. 2011 will be a watershed year for Alliance Data. In June we will celebrate the 10-year anniversary of our initial public offering. I'm very proud of our scorecard--when looking at public companies that were around at the time of our IPO, we are ranked #25* in terms of stock performance. During this same period, ADS also outperformed the S&P 500 by 600%. As we grow to a company of significant size, meeting and exceeding historical growth rates becomes more difficult. But, I'm confident that our leadership and associates are up for the challenge. In closing, I don't believe there's a better place to work, a better company to do business with or a better place to invest than Alliance Data. I want to thank our associates and manage ment teams for their hard work and commitment. And to our stockholders, especially those who have been with us for the long haul, thanks for your continued confidence.

Continued

Private Label, after a couple of brutal years, delivered double-digit growth in revenue and adjusted EBITDA. Our contrarian move paid off, and we saw continued improvement in credit trends. With the CARD Act being yet another hurdle for this business and, at times, seeming to consume all the energy and oxygen in the room, in the end, we managed the requirements and emerged in good shape. While we would have liked to have had a few more new client announcements, we expect to see stronger activity in 2011.

Our Associates.
For our businesses, management and associates, it's been some ride--but the "Mothership" held tight. Our focus was on managing through the Great Recession, and now with much of the headwinds behind us, we can refocus on areas that are important to our associates. I'm pleased with the high levels of associate engagement across our businesses (just shy of best-in-class), and we'd like to see that increase. Our focus was and is on three areas: growth and development, serving our communities and communications. Growth and development is one of the most critical areas in retaining key talent. Across our businesses we

Looking Ahead.
We are a growth company--and grow we will. Whether it's capitalizing on the shift in marketing spend, expanding outside of North America or seizing competitive advantages-- we intend to grow. In 2011: ·T  he most critical objective for LoyaltyOne is for the number of AIR MILES® reward miles issued to return to a sustainable mid-single digit growth rate. Simply put, that's how we make money. We're also excited about the national rollout of a new coalition loyalty program in Brazil.

Edward J. Heffernan President and Chief Executive Officer

* Based on all companies that were public in June 2001 and had a market cap of $500 million or greater at the time of ADS' IPO.

