To Our Stakeholders,
Alliance Data Systems is proud of its success, particularly that achieved in 2004. A key factor in our success is insight, which we strive to apply in our interactions with our stockholders, our associates, our clients, and their customers. The application of Alliance's strategies, products and services, combined with outstanding execution, has yielded the superior results that are expected of a growth company. · Our presence in the utility industry continues to grow. We extended and expanded our relationship with Direct Energy in 2004 and established a full-service Business Process Outsourcing relationship with Entergy Solutions. We also received further validation of our outstanding customer service during 2004, when J.D. Power & Associates ranked our Georgia Natural Gas call center the best in Georgia. Late in 2004, we added to our capabilities in this industry with the acquisition of Capstone Consulting Partners, Inc., a provider of management consulting and technical services to the energy industry. · For loyalty and marketing services, we added new sponsors to the AIR MILES® Reward Program, including WestJet, and expanded our relationship with Sobey's, BMO Bank of Montreal and RONA. We also successfully introduced a new tri-branded credit card with WestJet and BMO. In October, we expanded our marketing capabilities with the acquisition of Epsilon Data Management, Inc., a provider of integrated direct marketing solutions that combine marketing, transaction, technology and analytical services. Our financial results for 2004 reflect these and many other accomplishments. Revenue increased 20 percent to $1.26 billion for the year ended December 31, 2004, from $1.05 billion for the year ended December 31, 2003. Adjusted EBITDA was $279.3 million in 2004, compared with $211.2 million in 2003. Operating EBITDA was $305.3 million in 2004, a 31-percent increase from $232.7 million in 2003. Diluted cash earnings per share grew by 50 percent to $1.54 per share in 2004 from $1.03 per share in 2003. Alliance continued to benefit from significant free cash flow in 2004 and improved its adjusted EBITDA margin by 200 basis points. We also completed our effort to refinance our securitized debt portfolio, locking in favorable fixed rates with extended maturities.

During 2004, our public float continued to increase, thus creating additional liquidity in ADS stock. Our stockholders have enjoyed an over 300-percent increase in stock appreciation from the time Alliance became a publicly traded company in 2001 through the end of 2004. The increase in our stock price pushed Alliance up from the small-cap to the mid-cap market during 2004, and Standard and Poor's added Alliance to the S&P MidCap 400 index.

Our Competitive Advantage
As a value-added services provider, Alliance's approach requires insight. Indeed, our clients rely on us for it. Alliance's services are not based merely on data, facts and hard assets, but on the application of our expertise, experience and judgment. Our associates confidently plan and execute actions that deliver outstanding results for clients. Difficult to replicate, our business model requires a deep understanding of the needs, desires and motivations of consumers. It draws upon the analytical and creative efforts of our uniquely qualified associates who understand what is required to change consumer behavior. And it relies on excellence in the delivery of our products and services to our clients and their customers.

A Clear Future In Sight
This is an exciting time at Alliance. Our clients and their customers are responding with real enthusiasm to our products, services and programs. Our company is financially strong with excellent visibility, and is well positioned in its respective markets. There are positive trends in outsourcing, and the utilities industry is still evolving in ways that create opportunity for us. We have the potential to increase our cross-selling as we continue to educate our clients about the power in our full range of offerings. These factors, along with our ongoing commitment to develop new capabilities, probe new markets and implement innovative new services, favor our continued growth. We thank our clients and stockholders for their continued confidence in our company and express deep gratitude to our associates, whose insights and diligence continue to fuel our success.

Active Growth
For 2004, all three of our growth engines ­ private label services, utility services and loyalty and marketing services ­ once again experienced double-digit revenue growth: · Our private label services continue to be attractive to both new and existing clients. In 2004 we signed five new clients and received contract renewals or expansions from eight established clients, including Stage Stores, New York & Company, and J.Crew. Moreover, we significantly improved our underwriting collectibles and launched our first commercial credit card program for American TV and Appliance and our first dealer-focused credit card program for Trek Bicycle Corporation.

Sincerely,

J. Michael Parks Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

4

5

