UNCOMMON CONSISTENCY
TO OUR FELLOW STAKEHOLDERS
Building a successful company requires keen focus on long-term goals and a solid, effective business model to drive the achievement of those goals. It means staying the course ­ maintaining solid footing ­ while simultaneously pushing ahead to new heights. During 2003, Alliance Data Systems continued to demonstrate uncommon consistency in adhering to its strategy, business model and track record of strong growth. This has enabled us to increasingly strengthen our relationships with clients, associates, stockholders and the communities in which we live and work. Throughout our organization, the results have been powerful. Consistently Building Our Business We continue to benefit from the trend among retailers to outsource their private label credit card programs. Alliance Data helps retailers increase the success of their private label card programs and build stronger relationships with their customers. We do this through a unique combination of outstanding customer service and industry expertise rooted in a rich retail heritage. We continued to achieve stellar results in this area in 2003 and added a number of important new retail clients, including Eddie Bauer, Spiegel, Newport News, Stage Stores, Fortunoff, Shop At Home Network, Footstar and American Home Furnishings. We also received long-term contract extensions from established strategic clients like Limited Too and Brylane. The growth of our marketing services segment is primarily attributable to the company's AIR MILES® Reward Program, the largest coalition loyalty program in Canada. During 2003, Jean Coutu, a large pharmacy chain in Quebec, and WestJet, the second-largest domestic airline carrier in Canada, both became AIR MILES sponsors. Very early in 2004 this momentum continued as we saw several significant renewals: Air Canada, BMO Bank of Montreal and Shell Canada. In 2003, we also launched an online shopping mall (www.yourshops.ca) where collectors can earn AIR MILES reward miles for shopping on line at a variety of different retailers. The launch of a Gold Program for collectors, the expansion of our reward portfolio and continuous improvement to our Web site have kept the AIR MILES Reward Program fresh for collectors, renewing their excitement and deepening their involvement in the program. Even with the incredible penetration of this program (69 percent of Canadian households), it continues to deliver strong double-digit growth. Alliance Data's strategy of building market share and brand recognition in the emerging services market for regulated and de-regulated utilities companies has fueled significant progress in our transaction services segment. In 2003, we extended our market reach in the utility industry, achieving greater scale and adding important new clients. Agreements with American Electric Power, and Centrica-owned CPL Retail Energy and WTU Retail Energy, increased our market penetration in Texas. A long-term agreement with the Orlando Utilities Commission, one of the largest municipal utilities in the country, marked our entry into the municipal utility space. The acquisition of Orcom Solutions, Inc. late in the year expanded our presence in this market while providing us with clients and expertise in the water utility sector. In addition, Alliance Data acquired Conservation Billing Services, Inc., a Florida-based service provider that gives us the opportunity to provide sub-metering services for multiple-tenant locations, such as shopping malls and multi-family properties. Powerful Results For Our Stockholders Our success in delivering powerful results for our clients consistently yields powerful results for our stockholders as well. The nature of our business model allows Alliance Data to be more than just a vendor. Our value-added services are an integrated part of our clients' businesses, motivating them to form long-term relationships with us. This gives Alliance Data excellent revenue and earnings visibility.

2

POWERFUL RESULTS
In 2003, all three of our growth engines ­ private label credit card programs, utilities services, and the AIR MILES Reward Program ­ once again experienced double-digit growth. Alliance Data achieved record results across all of its key financial metrics and crossed the $1 billion revenue mark for the first time in the company's history. Revenue for 2003 increased 21 percent to $1.05 billion from $866.6 million in 2002. Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) was $213.9 million for 2003, up 47 percent from $145.2 million in 2002. Operating EBITDA was $235.3 million for 2003 ­ up 43 percent from $164.8 million in 2002. Cash earnings per share grew by 75 percent to $1.03 per share for 2003 from $0.59 per share for 2002. help associates succeed both as team members and as individuals. Focused on being an "Employer of Choice," we value our associates' opinions and conduct an annual associate survey to learn how we can best address the issues that affect their work lives. Confirming that we are on the right track, the Dallas Business Journal selected Alliance Data as one of the best places to work in Dallas for 2003 and 2004.

Alliance Data and its associates also recognize that we are members of the greater community in which we all live and work. As with our clients, we are able to generate powerful results in our communities as well. By supporting community groups through our Neighbor of Choice program, we focus our corporate citiAlliance Data completed an aggregate offering zenship in a strategic manner that contributes of $600 million of asset-backed notes in June to the educational, health and civic betterment and August of 2003. Issued as part of the needs of our communities. company's securitization program for its private label credit card banking subsidiary, Setting the Stage for this transaction benefits Alliance with histori- Continued Powerful Results cally favorable interest rates, lower operating We believe our achievements in 2003 represent costs, enhanced cash flow and increased visi- only the most recent building blocks of our bility. The company also successfully com- long-term growth strategy. Our innovative, pleted two secondary public offerings of its effective suite of services is attractive to the common stock during 2003, increasing the growing number of competitively focused liquidity of the stock and making it more acces- companies leading the outsourcing trend. By sible to large investment funds. consistently delivering programs and services that enhance our clients' businesses, we Building A Powerful Company believe that Alliance Data will continue to Alliance Data has a proven business model and increase the number and expand the depth of strategy. But the company's success lies in the its client relationships. commitment of its associates. Every day, our associates demonstrate their commitment to Thank you to our clients, stockholders and the success of our clients and the growth of associates for helping Alliance Data reach new our company. Part of their commitment is heights this past year. rooted in a consistently respectful and rewarding work environment, which has as its Sincerely, foundation a set of values adhered to by associates at all levels. Commitment is also fostered by the investment Alliance Data makes in training and development ­ our 360 degree feedback program, in-house Leadership Academy and a wide variety of training tools J. Michael Parks Chairman and CEO

3

