DEAR STOCKHOLDERS:
2011 was a heck of a run ­ in fact, thanks to the hard work of nearly 9,000 associates, the trust of our clients and confidence from our stockholders, 2011 was our best year yet. Not only did we surpass previous years' financial performance records, we did so closing out an incredible decade of being a strong, growthoriented public company. In June, we celebrated 10 years of our listing on the NYSE, and as December came to a close, I couldn't be more pleased and proud of the impressive milestones we reached during the year. In a mere 10 years of being a public company, we surpassed the $8 billion mark in enterprise value while also placing in the top 1% of companies in terms of shareholder return. Stellar showings in all three of our businesses drove record revenues to $3.2 billion, and adjusted EBITDA increased 23% to just over $1 billion. Our GAAP EPS increased 57% to $5.45, and core EPS increased 30% to $7.63, surpassing our guidance of $7.40. Once again, Alliance Data proved ­ as we have done year after year ­ that we are a growth company built to withstand an erratic macroeconomic climate. Without question, the calculated risk-taking and contrarian moves we've made during the hard times have paid off. Before diving into a recap for each of the businesses, I'll provide a few thoughts from a macro perspective that offer some context about business drivers and other factors that played a role in our overall results for 2011:
sFirst, the $400 billion "sandbox" that we play in ­

momentum. We are reaping the benefits because companies today are increasingly under the gun to optimize marketing spend and therefore turn to marketing that delivers measurable results.
sSecond, we saw a nice uptick in consumer spending

$3.2B
Stellar showings in all three of our businesses drove revenues to $3.2 billion and our earnings up approximately 30%.

play through all three of our businesses, and we also saw improvements in consumers' balance sheets. Frankly, we are a bit more optimistic about the U.S. and Canadian economies than many economic pundits. Our unique view into the spending behavior of millions of consumers gave us insightful perspective vis-à-vis how consumers are spending, and indications on our end suggest that Alliance Data is primed for another shining year, even in what we believe will be a modest economic recovery.
s Last, we successfully executed on our liquidity

$1B
Our adjusted EBITDA increased 23% to just over $1 billion.

strategy for the year. In all, we ended 2011 with a robust $600 million of liquidity at the corporate level, and we will continue to add to this via operating cash flow as well as raising additional liquidity as market conditions permit. We continue to believe ADS stock is a solid investment. This is underscored by the fact that during 2011 we acquired 2.9 million shares for aggregate consideration of $241 million as part of our ongoing stock repurchase program, which remains one of our anchor strategies.

57%
Our EPS increased 57% to $5.45.

OUR THREE BUSINESSES
LoyaltyOne, the operator of our Canadian coalition loyalty program, the AIR MILES® Reward Program, had solid financial performance this year as well as a positive turn in AIR MILES reward miles issued. That 8% increase in issuance is important as it's the critical metric that we believe indicates future performance. Additional positive news included the new instant rewards option announced late in the year (which generated additional excitement for collectors in the AIR MILES Reward Program), and our

30%
Core EPS increased 30% to $7.63, surpassing our guidance of $7.40.

the market opportunity for data-driven target marketing ­ continues to grow and be viable for all of our businesses. We continued to see clients shifting their marketing dollars in our favor, to data-driven, high ROI-type marketing spend. The appetite for digital and emerging technologies like mobile and social media also continued to gain

successful national expansion launch of the Brazilian coalition loyalty program, dotz, which has exceeded our expectations. Epsilon's double-digit growth was driven by existing client growth, new client signings and the acquisition of Aspen Marketing Services in May. As a recognized leader in providing multi-channel marketing agency services with particular expertise in the automotive and telecommunications industries (untapped verticals for us), Aspen strengthens Epsilon's core capabilities and enhances its competitive advantage. This key acquisition completes our six-year plan to build out the business, effectively making Epsilon the largest end-to-end integrated marketing company in the world. And while 2011 proved to be quite a success for Epsilon from a performance perspective, it did not come without challenge, as we were attacked by cyber-criminals. We took action immediately to make security even tighter and worked with our clients to mitigate the impact to their businesses. Our clients stood by us, and we emerged even stronger because we "did it right." Protecting our clients' data will always be our top priority. Finally, Private Label, without question, had a watershed year as we returned to historical growth rates. We returned to double-digit credit sales growth, and enjoyed significant improvements in credit quality and benefits from lower funding costs. 2011 continued to be a soft year for some of the sectors and industry verticals we serve in the retail world, and economists and analysts alike reported skepticism about consumer confidence and spending. We, however, saw an uptick in card spending as well as the benefit of delinquencies continuing to trend down to pre-Great Recession levels. Needless to say, we are already leveraging the nice momentum established in 2011.

Alliance Data has always adhered to a way of doing business that is ethical, responsible and compassionate. In 2011, we took a more formal position in corporate responsibility and to hold ourselves more accountable as a good corporate citizen. Whether it's responsibly protecting data, valuing people, being good stewards of the environment or giving back in the communities in which we live and work, Alliance Data is committed to corporate responsibility because it's good business practice, it drives our reputation, and it's simply the right thing to do.

s For Private Label, we expect to see a return to

"old school growth," as one of our key metrics, portfolio growth, is anticipated to be back to historical growth rates not seen for some time. Continued improvement in the credit environment, consumer spending and the conversion of recently acquired portfolios will also contribute to growth. As I look back over the year, nothing stands out more than our dedicated, top-notch associates across our company. They have served as the backbone for the enviable success Alliance Data has achieved. We strive to create a work environment that is conducive to driving accountability, recognition and future career opportunities. Investing in our people ensures that we retain top talent, which ultimately drives near and long-term success for all of our stakeholders. I also want to extend my appreciation to our valued clients for their business and continued confidence in us. Thank you for entrusting us to help strengthen the relationship with and drive profitability through your most valued asset: your customers. And to our stockholders ­ both new and long-standing ­ thank you for your unwavering confidence in our great company. I have seen and continue to view Alliance Data as a tremendous investment and know that our future remains promising. I'm incredibly proud to have had the privilege of guiding this "Mothership" over the years; when I look out across the enterprise, I see industry-leading businesses, motivated associates, and an exceptional growth story that is exciting, compelling and real.

WHAT'S TO COME
While 2011 was certainly a good one, I cannot be more confident in saying that we believe Alliance Data is in the best shape ever to continue its growth trajectory. Taking everything into account ­ the slow but steady improvement in the macroeconomic environment, the continued shift in marketing spend in our favor, and how we are profitably changing consumer behavior for our clients' benefit ­ 2012 is looking like yet another incredible year for us:
s For LoyaltyOne, we are anticipating continued

steady growth in AIR MILES reward miles issued, attributable to modest economic growth, and continuing consumer discretionary spend combined with ongoing non-discretionary spend. And we see continued growth and regional expansion opportunities associated with the Brazilian coalition program, dotz.
sEpsilon will be focused on continuing its operational

integration plans so that it's primed for cross-sell and up-sell opportunities across its divisions ­ effectively delivering "one-stop shopping" for the Global 1,000. We expect to see solid organic growth through significant client wins, renewals and expansions through cross-selling opportunities.

Edward J. Heffernan President and Chief Executive Officer

