DEAR STOCKHOLDERS: 2013 was another record year for Alliance Data. We had good visibility going into the year, and all three businesses executed well. We experienced strong organic and total revenue growth, exceeding $1 billion in quarterly revenue for the first time. Revenue increased 19% to $4.32 billion, supported by 9% organic growth, and net income was up by 18% to 496 million. Adjusted EBITDA increased by 15% to $1.4 billion, while core earnings were up by 20% to $669 million1 . The year marked a continuation of the shift in spending from general brand building to very precise data-driven targeted marketing. This shift requires expertise in data and analytics, as well as in the management of loyalty platforms, direct mail, and digital channels that reach the target consumer. Alliance Data is well positioned as a "one-stop shopping" solution for brands, all wrapped inside a 12,000-person, high-touch services organization. I'd like to thank you for your confidence and support. Now, let's dive in to the details for the year. HOW DID WE DO IT? Looking back, there were three drivers to our success: · Organic growth was key. This year we saw organic revenue growth of 9%, about four times the growth rate of real GDP. · We had three strong engines contributing. Our three businesses executed well, delivering a bit of over-performance each quarter. Naturally, there are variables that affect each of our businesses, but when you tally up the year, growth was balanced across all of our businesses, giving us nice visibility and predictability. · Data is still the sweet spot. Consumer marketing data continues to be at the core of our businesses and offerings, with each

business sprinkling on its unique secret sauce. That data enables us to develop sophisticated micro-targeted marketing campaigns across all sales channels and through any means of delivery, be it traditional or digital. We have proven that our data-driven marketing drives consumer spending and engenders loyalty. A LOOK AT EACH BUSINESS LoyaltyOne® , which operates the AIR MILES Reward Program in Canada, had a strong year for new sponsor wins, and AIR MILES reward miles issued were up 4% for the year. We signed large deals with Staples, Old Navy, General Motors, Eastlink (our entry into the telecom vertical), and Irving Oil. LoyaltyOne also renewed long-term deals with top sponsors Bank of Montreal and American Express. On the international front, our joint-venture program in Brazil, dotz, is growing quickly, ending the year with approximately 11 million members and operating in nine markets, up from 6 million members and five markets one year ago. During the fourth quarter, we announced that we would be taking a 60% stake in Netherlandsbased BrandLoyalty, one of the largest and most successful data-driven loyalty marketers outside the United States. BrandLoyalty, similar to Alliance Data, is a solid growth company, driving exceptional organic revenue growth and providing a springboard for our international expansion in Europe and Asia. Epsilon® had a very good year, with revenue increasing 39%, which included organic revenue growth of 12%. Epsilon's book of business is exceptionally strong, and the pivot we made to add agencies with the Aspen and HMI acquisitions is paying off. With digital agency leading our overall offering, we're seeing pullthrough of some very large commitments on the technology side, helping to drive organic growth. HMI has further expanded Epsilon's digital capabilities in key channels such as mobile,

1

See Appendix A to our proxy statement for a discussion and reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted EBITDA, core earnings and core earnings per diluted share.

social, targeted display and web development, resulting in growth across businesses and crosssale opportunities. Notable client agreements included a multi-year renewal and expansion with AT&T, and new client Dunkin' Donuts, which engaged Epsilon to develop and manage its new loyalty program. Private Label Simply put, we had a boomer of a year in Private Label, and our growth strategy is working. Thanks to a combination of core growth and new signings, we estimate that our private label credit cards are now active and in the wallets of approximately one out of every 10 employed adults in the United States. We continued to focus on both promoting shortterm growth while laying the groundwork for long-term success. We're doing it through the expansion of our cardholder base, increasing tender share, and onboarding record numbers of new card programs. We recorded average card receivables growth of 22%, compared with relatively flat growth for the industry, and grew the portfolio with 15 new client wins ­ including names like Barneys New York and Caesars Entertainment. We expect these new wins to add approximately $2 billion in portfolio growth over the next three years. The loyalty concept behind the card works, and we're earning more tender share and more market share. At the corporate level, liquidity was $1.3 billion at year-end, more than sufficient to execute our 2014 capital allocation plans. We continued to use our share repurchase program to take advantage of market opportunities. To date, north of $2 billion of our stock has been repurchased since 2008. WHAT DO WE SEE IN 2014? At LoyaltyOne, we expect growth in the AIR MILES Reward Program to be largely mitigated by a steep drop in the Canadian dollar. In Brazil,

dotz continues to grow rapidly, with an expectation of 13 million members by the end of 2014. With BrandLoyalty, we expect to see double-digit growth and perhaps add some upside with the cross-selling of LoyaltyOne's advanced analytics and loyalty consulting services into the existing BrandLoyalty client base. With Epsilon, we expect to see high-singledigit organic revenue growth as our model continues to benefit from secular trends in the marketplace. Our 2013 signings and backlog give us strong visibility. The rollout of our new digital platform, Harmony, will fill the known weak spot in our end-to-end offering. Private Label has a double-digit backlog of new programs to launch. Our clients are focused on seeing the ROI from their marketing spend, and our full-service, omni-channel approach to reaching consumers with relevant, targeted offers. Our typical cardholders are highly creditworthy, mobile-engaged consumers, so we'll be leveraging innovative digital and mobile offerings during the year. Bottom line: Credit sales look strong, while funding and credit quality are expected to remain stable. LET'S WRAP IT UP All in all, 2013 was a great year, with a solid growth outlook going forward. We expect to grow organically in the high single-digit range. Our model combines nice organic revenue growth with modest M&A activity, which has historically driven strong consistent double-digit earnings growth and strong free cash flow. Companies are spending north of $400 billion annually on all forms of marketing, with the lion's share of those dollars going to data-driven targeted marketing via omni-channel distribution. We sit in the middle of all this, and our model has never looked more promising and exciting. Closing out the year on another positive note, we were notified of our inclusion in the S&P

500 in December, an undeniable validation of our proven business model and solid, consistent track record for performance. I want to thank the 12,000 associates who believe in the work we do, and do their best every day for our clients and our Company. I'm proud of our performance-driven culture and responsible business practices that attract the best talent to our businesses, and I'm also proud of the contributions that the Company and our associates make to the communities where we work and live. The trust and support of our stockholders allows us to continue our journey. We had a great ride in 2013, and I'm looking forward to 2014.

Edward J. Heffernan President and Chief Executive Officer

