  My Fellow Shareholders,
This past year was marked by significant accomplishments
at our company. We returned our newly rebuilt Taum Sauk pumped-storage hydroelectric plant to service, installed major environmental controls at two coal-fired plants, simplified
our corporate structure and improved our safety and customer satisfaction performance. All of this was accomplished while being disciplined about cost management, which, coupled with strong customer sales and rate relief, allowed us to overcome the financial challenges posed by weak wholesale power prices.
Focused Energy. For Life. is more than the theme of this report; it is a reflection of our vision to lead the way to a secure energy future.
  p. 1

    B
  A
A. Ameren owns a robust transmission system of nearly 7,500 circuit miles and sees opportunities for a new subsidiary – Ameren Transmission Company (ATX) – to invest in regional reliability and efficiency.
B. Andrea Donsbach, Ameren engineer, and CEO Tom Voss discuss the solar energy installation now on the rooftop of Ameren’s headquarters, where an energy learning center provides real-time data on five different solar power technologies.
C. In 2010, Ameren’s three Illinois electric and natural gas delivery companies merged into a single legal entity – Ameren Illinois – increasing efficiency and
offering greater convenience and clarity
to customers and investors. At the same time, for greater clarity for our customers, Missouri-based AmerenUE was rebranded as Ameren Missouri.
    C
 
   “We ensure that the energy needed to power our lives and economy is there – not just for today, but for generations to come.”
By optimizing day-to-day operations, while planning strategically for the long-term, we ensure that the energy needed to power our lives and economy is there – not just for today, but for generations to come. That is our promise. To deliver on that promise, we are using
our resources to enhance the value of your investment, while meeting current needs and implementing long-term strategies in five key areas: Customers, Communities, Workforce, Operations and you, our Shareholders.
FocuSing on cuStoMerS, coMMunitieS
Our customer satisfaction ratings have shown steady improvement in the past few years. Since 2004, the number of outages per customer has dropped by 19 percent. We continue to invest the time and capital necessary to develop infra- structure that is critical to serving our customers’ energy needs.
To help customers manage their energy bills
and protect the environment, we are promoting the efficient use of energy through a range of programs. We are also supporting renewable generation in Illinois and Missouri. This spring
we break ground on a new power plant that will tap landfill gas to generate enough power for 10,000 households. We also have installed solar energy systems at our St. Louis headquarters and created a solar energy education center for our
customers. In support of the diverse communi- ties we serve, we have significantly expanded our supplier diversity efforts. For the second year in
a row, we have been recognized by the St. Louis Minority Business Council as the corporation of the year.
Each year, Ameren financially supports many programs that provide services to people in need and improve our communities. Our employee volunteerism effort is well on its way to our goal of 250,000 hours of community service annually by 2014.
FocuSing on our WorkForce, operationS
We have been actively engaged in building a high-performance workforce and have continued to improve our operating and environmental performance. We have also developed a robust plan for the future generation needs of our regulated customer base in Missouri.
                                                p. 3

   “on the generation side of our business, we have championed a number of programs that contribute to environmental sustainability.”
We continue to make safety a top priority at Ameren. In 2010, our recordable injuries were down 16 percent, and our lost workdays declined by 32 percent, compared to 2009.
On the generation side of our business, we have championed a number of programs that contribute to environmental sustainability. Over the past two years, we have completed the installation of five scrubber systems – major equipment additions that remove nearly all of a plant’s sulfur dioxide emis- sions and materially reduce nitrogen oxide and mercury emissions. With its return to service, our 450-megawatt Taum Sauk Hydroelectric Plant is proving to be a valuable energy storage resource. Severely damaged five years ago, the plant can store energy generated during non-peak periods, which is when wind power is often available, and make electricity available when it is needed.
In February 2011, we filed an integrated resource plan with the Missouri Public Service Commission that provides a detailed analysis of our customers’ future energy needs and the relative merits of various generation options. Given a number
of uncertainties, including the impact of more stringent environmental regulation, our aging infrastructure and economic, legislative and regu- latory factors, we will work tirelessly to provide the best solutions for customers and shareholders. Undoubtedly, we must pursue a range of potential options, including nuclear, fossil and renewable fuels as well as energy efficiency. To optimize
the solutions we have available for the future, we are working with every major electric energy provider in the state of Missouri and Governor Jay Nixon to preserve an option to build a new nuclear energy facility at our Callaway Plant site. This unprecedented alliance is supporting legis- lation that would enable us to move forward on an early site permit from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. This permit would keep open the option of building an additional emissions-free nuclear facility in the next two decades for the benefit of the entire state of Missouri.
We have not accomplished these environmental achievements by ignoring operating efficiency – our combined regulated and merchant generating plant availability stood at industry-leading levels in 2010.
Our natural gas distribution business continued its strong safety record. In the wake of another utility company’s gas transmission line explosion in California, we proactively re-inspected our high pressure gas transmission lines.
Our merchant generating plants have taken several steps to remain highly competitive.
In 2009 and 2010, we reduced staffing at our merchant business by over 200 positions and significantly lowered planned capital expendi- tures. We are focused on maintaining a low-cost structure and prudently addressing environmental mandates.
  p. 4

 A
       C
B
A. In downtown St. Louis, Scottrade Center installed energy efficient lighting inside the entertainment venue. This project was supported
by incentives that are part of Ameren Missouri’s energy efficiency programs, which help the environment and save customers money. Program costs are eligible for recovery in rates.
B. Ray Boccardi, shown here with Ameren Illinois Engineering Representative Barbara Baldridge, depended on Ameren Illinois’ gas experts when he set up the new
Joe Boccardi’s Ristorante in Swansea, Ill. In addition to good service, Ameren’s nearly one million natural gas custom- ers enjoy safe service. Ameren Illinois’ average gas leak response time is an industry-leading 23 minutes.
C. Gateway Regional Medical Center upgraded the energy efficiency and reliability of its cooling system with
     D the help of a nearly $230,000 grant from Ameren Illinois’ Act On Energy
program. Aimed at helping customers save energy, the program is funded through a charge on energy bills.
D. Since 2009, Missouri residential customers have received annual personal energy reports, providing
such information as year-to-year comparisons of household energy usage plus tips on ways to save energy and details on discounts offered on energy efficient products.

   A
   B
   C
     D
  E
  F
      Ameren’s Executive Leadership Team: (A) Thomas R. Voss, Chair- man, President and Chief Executive Officer, Ameren Corporation;
(B) Warner L. Baxter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Ameren Missouri;
(C) Scott A. Cisel, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Ameren Illinois; (D) Daniel F. Cole, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Ameren Services; (E) Steven R. Sullivan, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Ameren Energy Resources; Chairman and President, Ameren Energy Generating;
and Secretary, Ameren Corporation; (F) Maureen A. Borkowski, Chair- man, President and Chief Executive Officer, Ameren Transmission;
(G) Karen C. Foss, Senior Vice President, Communications and Brand Management, Ameren Services; (H) Adam C. Heflin, Senior Vice President and Chief Nuclear Officer, Ameren Missouri; (I) Martin J. Lyons, Jr., Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Ameren Corporation;
(J) Richard J. Mark, Senior Vice President, Customer Operations, Ameren Missouri;
  G
  H
       I
  J
  
   K
   L
   M
(K) Charles D. Naslund, Senior Vice President, Generation and Environmental Projects, Ameren Missouri; (L) Michael L. Moehn, Senior Vice President, Corporate Planning and Business Risk Management, Ameren Services; and (M) Andrew M. Serri, President and Chief Executive Officer, Ameren Energy Marketing
FocuSing on Shareholder Value
Our employees and leadership team will continue to focus our energy on tight control of capital and optimization of the value of our regulated and merchant generation businesses. Our rate cases in Missouri and Illinois should allow our revenues to better keep pace with our costs and investments, while still providing customers with rates that are below the national average. Our merchant plants should benefit from an eventual recovery in power prices prompted by economic growth and a corresponding increase in demand for electricity.
To capitalize on Ameren’s already robust, high- voltage transmission system, we formed a new subsidiary – Ameren Transmission Company (ATX). ATX intends to build greenfield regional transmission projects, initially within Illinois and Missouri, and has identified more than $3 billion of investment opportunities with attractive return potential.
2010 was a solid year, and we have seized on multiple opportunities to improve our outlook for the future. We expect 2011 to be marked by final versions of proposed and significant new environmental rules, which will shape the future of generation in the United States and the future of our businesses. We are committed to a leading role in the environmental debate and creating
and maintaining generation options for our future. We will prudently manage our operations and finances and remain dedicated to providing an attractive total return based on a strong dividend and long-term prospects for earnings growth.
In closing, I want to express our deep gratitude
to two, retiring, long-time directors who have contributed a great deal to our company. Former Ameren Chairman, President and CEO Charles Mueller was an employee for over 40 years and has been a director since 1993. Harvey Saligman will retire after more than 20 years on our board. Both Chuck and Harvey have served with extraor- dinary distinction. Their vision and leadership will be missed.
I also want to thank our employees for their commitment to building an ever stronger company. Rest assured, we are working diligently to deliver on our goals.
I invite you to attend this year’s annual meeting on April 21 at Powell Symphony Hall in St. Louis.
Thomas R. Voss
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Ameren Corporation
   p. 7
