                               Jan
Feb
Mar
 Apr
May
Jun
Jul
Aug
Sep
Oct
 Nov
Dec
                       AMEREN DELIVERS...
On Our Promises
Gary L. Rainwater
During 2002, we also ended a period of regulatory uncertainty with the settlement of the largest rate case in our history. In 2001, the Missouri Public Service Commission staff and other parties recom- mended electric revenue reductions of more than $300 million per year. In July 2002, we and all other parties in the case agreed to a settlement that was unanimously approved by the commission. It includes a rate moratorium through June 30, 2006, the phase-in of $110 million in electric rate reductions, and a commitment to energy conservation and assistance programs and critical energy infrastructureimprovements.Theratemorato-
President and Chief Operating Officer
Charles W. Mueller
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
(Left)
Delivering Regulatory Certainty
(Right)
AND WE ARE CONFIDENT WE WILL CONTINUE TO DELIVER ON THOSE PROMISES
Delivering on Our Promises
Delivering Financial Strength and Flexibility
Delivering Regulatory Certainty
Delivering Superior Service and Operational Excellence Delivering Growth in Our Core Energy Business
rium in Missouri, coupled with a rate freeze in Illinois, provides a stable regulatory environment and greater clarity and certainty around the company’s cash flows through 2006.
TOTAL INVESTOR RETURN
Delivering on Our Promises
A major component of our success stems
Dow Jones Utilities Index
Over the years, we have made promises to you – our owners. We have promised performance leader- ship by pursuing a consistent, long-term strategy that is focused on the core business of producing and delivering energy. We have committed to manage our business based on the core values of integrity, respect, stewardship, teamwork and commitment. We have committed to be a reliable energy provider that is focused on superior customer service. And we have promised to grow our business in a finan- cially responsible manner and deliver solid returns to our investors.
achieving operational excellence. As a result of
our investment in technology and our commit-
ment to high service standards, Ameren ranks
among the most highly rated utilities in the nation, according to the University of Michigan’s American Customer Satisfaction Index. In addition, one of our Illinois utility companies – AmerenCIPS – held the highest rankings in almost every category in a recent statewide survey on service reliability.
Ameren’s return to investors outperformed major indices
Companies are often judged by how well they deliver on their promises. As we look back at 2002, many companies simply failed to deliver on their promises as they grappled with corporate governance issues and highly leveraged balance sheets. A weak economy and soft energy markets also negatively affected the energy sector. These factors ultimately led to one of the worst years for our industry since the Great Depression, according to Standard & Poor’s – one of the nation’s leading credit rating agencies.
in 2002.
At Ameren, we are proud to say that in 2002 we continued to deliver on our promises despite the many challenges our industry faced. As a result, our stock price outperformed major indices in 2002. When coupled with a dividend that yielded over 6 percent and our strong balance sheet, this performance pro- vided our investors with continued strong overall returns, as the chart on page 3 shows.
Our commitment to improving the environment also brought recognition to Ameren in 2002. Generating units at AmerenUE’s Labadie and Rush Island Power Plants earned top spots among U.S. coal-fired generating facilities as six of the nation’s 10 lowest emitters of nitrogen oxide among more than 1,000 units. This is the fourth consecutive year those plants have earned top spots in an annual U.S. Environmental Protection Agency report. The report also ranked AmerenEnergy Generating’s Newton Power Plant units 19th and 20th among the nation’s lowest nitrogen oxide emitters. In addition, AmerenUE’s Callaway Plant completed its 12th refueling outage with safety results that were among the best achieved in Callaway’s history and that exceeded the high standards of the nuclear industry.
23
Delivering Financial Strength and Flexibility
A commitment to financial strength and flexibility has been a hallmark of our company for the past 100 years. This commitment has allowed our company to prosper during strong economic periods, and has allowed us to stay focused on our long-term strategic initiatives. During 2002 and early 2003, we have been very active in the capital markets as we proactively strengthened our balance sheet through the issuance of approximately 23 million shares of common stock, providing the funds required for the acquisition of CILCORP and for general corporate purposes. We enjoy some of the strongest credit ratings in the industry and at Dec. 31, 2002, had committed bank lines of credit of nearly $1 billion.
20% 10% 0 -10% -20% -30% from delivering excellent customer service and -40%
January 1, 2002 – December 31, 2002
Delivering Superior Service and Operational Excellence
AEE
S&P 500 Index

                                            CILCORP added 1,200 megawatts of largely low-cost, baseload coal generation, approximately 200,000 electric customers and 200,000 natural gas customers to our system.
We know this business and this market and expect this transaction to be immediately accretive
to earnings. We approached the transaction conservatively, and given our track record in realizing savings from integrating operations, we expect to achieve synergies quickly. We remain focused on growing our core energy business so that we can continue to deliver strong total returns to our investors.
Warner L. Baxter
Warner L. Baxter has been senior vice president, Finance, since 2001, after joining the company in 1995 as assistant controller and later being named vice president and controller. As Ameren’s chief financial officer, he led the development and implementation of several strategic initiatives, including Ameren’s response to the 2002 Missouri retail electric rate case and negotiations involved in the CILCORP acquisition. Before joining Ameren, Baxter served as senior manager at a leading public accounting firm in St. Louis and New York City.
Delivering Growth in Our Core Energy Business
Paul A. Agathen
Paul A. Agathen was named senior vice president in 1996. He leads government and environmental affairs and also has responsibility for Corporate Communications and Public Policy, Human Resources, Information Technology and Environmental Services and Safety and Health. He joined the company in 1975 as an attorney after graduating cum laude from Saint Louis University Law School. He holds a master’s degree in Business Administration and a bachelor’s degree in Economics – both from the University of Missouri.
By pursuing growth in the areas where we excel – producing and delivering energy – we have been able to not only survive in the face of uncertainty, but to capitalize on opportunities as they arise. Our purchase of Peoria, Ill.-based CILCORP Inc. represents one of those opportunities.
This $1.4 billion transaction, completed in early 2003, added 1,200 megawatts of largely low-cost, baseload coal generation, approximately 200,000 electric customers and 200,000 natural gas customers to our system.
Senior Vice President
Sadly, the year also marked the death of Thomas H. Jacobsen, who since 1990 served as a member and/or advisor to the boards of both Ameren and Union Electric Company. Mr. Jacobsen was former chairman of Firstar Corporation. His consistently strong counsel will be missed.
Daniel F. Cole
Daniel F. Cole is president of AmerenEnergy, Inc. (our short-term energy marketing company); and AmerenEnergy Resources Company, parent of AmerenEnergy Generating Company (our non-regulated generating subsidiary); AmerenEnergy Marketing (our long-term energy marketing organization); and AmerenEnergy Fuels and Services (our fuels management organization). He assumed his present title in 2001, after serving as senior vice president since 1999, and as vice president of Corporate Planning from 1998 to 1999. He joined the company in 1976 as an engineer.
We are proud of the accomplishments of 2002. We have improved our financial strength and increased operating efficiencies, settled the largest rate case in our history, won high marks for our customer service and environmental stewardship, and realized growth through our acquisition of CILCORP. However, going forward, we realize, we cannot rest on past achievements.
President, AmerenEnergy, Inc. and AmerenEnergy Resources
We recognize that 2003 presents significant challenges for Ameren and our industry as we expect soft energy market and economic conditions to persist. We also expect to contend with rising employee benefit, insurance and security costs.
Garry L. Randolph was appointed senior vice president generation and chief nuclear officer in 2000, after serving at Callaway Plant since shortly after construction began. He assumed responsibility for all AmerenUE generation in 2001. He joined the company in 1977 and during his career has served in
a number of senior leadership positions with the Nuclear Energy Institute and the Institute of Nuclear Power Operations, where he is now a member of the board of directors.
We will continue to take prudent steps to benefit future operations. In 2002, approximately 550 employees accepted a voluntary retirement program offer, reducing total staffing and cutting
our future labor costs. We established a freeze on management wage increases for 2003 and took steps to reduce employee and retiree medical benefit costs to realize future savings. We are also reducing capital expenditures in 2003 by nearly 16 percent from our original plans and have retired or suspended operations at some of our older, higher-cost generating units.
Senior Vice President, Generation and Chief Nuclear Officer
We expect these actions to position our company to continue to deliver solid long-term returns
as the economy and energy markets recover. Our financial strength and flexibility allow us to employ these long-term action plans. We remain committed to efficiently producing and delivering reliable energy, maintaining our financial strength and flexibility and providing solid, long-term returns to our shareholders.
Thomas R. Voss
Thomas R. Voss has served as senior vice president for Energy Delivery since 1999 and is charged with leading all regulated utility delivery and customer service operations. He joined the company in 1969 as an engineer and has been responsi- ble for establishing an automated metering system across our Missouri territory. He has also managed systemwide metering, forestry and dispatching and was instrumental in introducing state-of-the-art outage analysis, supervisory control and data acquisition systems at the company.
We want to thank you for your support and our employees for incorporating our values in everything they do. By adhering to these principles, we are confident we will continue to deliver on the promises Ameren has made to you.
David A. Whiteley was named senior vice president in 2001. His area of responsibility includes management of our transmission policy and the company’s strategic planning in addition to other support services for the corporation. He joined the company in 1978 as an engineer. He serves as the lead negotiator and representative in discussing with other parties and federal regulators the company’s entry into, and operation within, a regional transmission organization.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
President and Chief Operating Officer
45
Senior Vice President, Finance
Garry L. Randolph
Senior Vice President, Energy Delivery
David A. Whiteley
Senior Vice President
Senior Management Depth
