making an impact
My fellow shareholders:
As one of the leading energy providers in the Midwest, we at Ameren recognize our tremendous responsibility to customers, shareholders, co-workers and the communities we serve.
Indeed, this responsibility is embedded in our company’s vision — Leading the Way to a Secure Energy Future — and our mission — To Power the Quality of Life. I am fortunate to work with 8,500 people who see Ameren’s vision and mission as more than words on paper, but rather as a daily call to action. Simply put, my co-workers take this responsibility to heart.
Safe, reliable energy is the bedrock of our nation’s economic prosperity and standard of living, and
millions of people in Illinois and Missouri depend on Ameren to deliver. That’s why the corporate strategy we have developed, and continue to successfully execute, is built on our vision and mission.
In executing this strategy, our actions are having a meaningful, positive impact for our stakeholders. The following discussion highlights how the actions we took in 2015 are helping us achieve our vision
and mission today and in the future.
LETTER FROM THE CEO
      AMEREN’S STRATEGY is to invest in rate-regulated energy infrastructure which, when coupled with relentlessly improving operating performance and advocating for responsible energy policies, will deliver superior customer and shareholder value.
    WARNER L. BAXTER
Chairman, President and CEO
   1
AMEREN CORPORATION 2015 ANNUAL REPORT

 2
Ameren has
2.4 million electric and 900,000 natural gas customers in communities across Illinois and Missouri.
IMPROVING RELIABILITY
OUTAGE FREQUENCY
Ameren’s electric distribution reliability performance has improved, as measured by the System Average Interruption Frequency Index. This important industry benchmark shows how we have reduced the total number of interruptions per customer served per year.
REASONABLY PRICED ELECTRICITY
The electricity delivered by Ameren Missouri and Ameren Illinois remains competitively priced. This is particularly important for low- and fixed-income customers and for businesses
seeking to launch or expand.
AVERAGE RESIDENTIAL ELECTRIC PRICES
(Edison Electric Institute “Typical Bills and Average Rates Report” for 12 months ending June 2015)
1.4 1.2 1.0 0.8
2005
AMEREN IL AMEREN MO ATLANTA MINNEAPOLIS MIDWEST AVERAGE CHICAGO U.S. AVERAGE DETROIT SAN FRANCISCO BOSTON NEW YORK
2007
2009 2011
8.49 10.26
11.99 12.33 12.36
12.56 12.87
14.22
16.78
Customers
My co-workers understand that we are in the customer business, not just the utility business. It is important to understand what matters to our customers and how we can deliver the value they expect.
Our customers tell us they want safe, secure and reliable energy — and their expectations are rising. They want cleaner energy. They want energy that
is reasonably priced. And they want greater options to manage their energy bills.
Ameren is focused on achieving results that matter in all of these areas.
REDUCING EMISSIONS
C02 EMISSIONS: S02 EMISSIONS:
24%* 42%* *Ameren Missouri carbon dioxide and sulfur dioxide emissions for
calendar year 2015 compared to 2011
In 2015 we invested nearly $2 billion to:
• Improveelectricandnaturalgasreliability
and security by modernizing our infrastructure.
• Enhanceaccesstocleaner,renewableenergy
by strengthening our nation’s electric
transmission system.
• Increaseourabilitytomeetcustomers’future
energy needs by installing new technologies, especially in Illinois, where constructive policies support investments.
These investments are producing results. Our customers enjoy top-tier reliability with some of the lowest electric rates in the country — below both
the Midwest and national averages. Those who participated in our comprehensive energy efficiency programs, as well as new payment and communication options, have gained added convenience and greater control over their energy bills. In addition, more than 160,000 new advanced electric meters were installed and over 70,000 gas meters upgraded for our Illinois customers in 2015. And in Missouri we are generating cleaner energy with lower environmental emissions.
BETTER
20.85
0 5 10 15 20 25
27.61
2013 2015
¢/KWH

    LETTER FROM THE CEO
           AMEREN ILLINOIS
Projects to boost the reliability of natural gas and electric infrastructure are reducing outages, which saves customers more than $47 million per year on average, in addition to creating new jobs. Since the modernization program began in 2012, electric system projects such as the installation of storm-hardened utility poles, outage detection technology and stronger power lines have resulted in a 17 percent improvement in reliability. When customers do experience an outage, Ameren Illinois is restoring power 18 percent faster, on average, than in previous years. The state of Illinois is rated No. 2 in the nation by the National Grid Modernization Index for creating an environment that encourages such investment.
AMEREN TRANSMISSION
Construction of the $1.4 billion Illinois Rivers Transmission Project remains on schedule, with expected completion in 2019. Ameren Transmission Company of Illinois also has received a Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity from the Illinois Commerce Commission authorizing construction of the $150 million Spoon River Transmission Project. These projects and others are directly aligned with Ameren’s goals of providing reliable, efficient and environmentally responsible energy. These grid modernization projects also are creating jobs.
AMEREN MISSOURI
Ameren Missouri continues
to make significant infrastructure investments as part of its transition to cleaner energy sources and
to ensure reliability. That’s why emissions are down and why reliability is among the top 25 percent in the nation. Ameren Missouri also received the J.D. Power award for the highest ranking among large, Midwest utilities for overall customer satisfaction with business electric service customers.
             As part of the $1.4 billion Illinois Rivers Transmission Project, workers on Jan. 7, 2016, secure in place final parts of a lattice tower, one of six such towers needed for a Mississippi River crossing connecting Missouri and Illinois line segments near Quincy, Illinois.
     3
AMEREN CORPORATION 2015 ANNUAL REPORT

   PHILADELPHIA UTILITY INDEX
S&P 500 UTILITIES
AMEREN
34%
39%
   60%
        20% 30%
40% 50% 60%
Shareholders
Driven by the successful execution of our strategy, Ameren’s stock has outperformed the broader utility indices over the last three years. As the chart below indicates, shareholders have seen a total shareholder return of nearly 60 percent over the three-year period from Dec. 31, 2012, through Dec. 31, 2015, performance that put us among the leaders in the utility industry. During this same period, our core earnings per share grew by a total of 22 percent.
At the same time, we have increased our dividend rate twice, in total by 6.25 percent to an annualized level of $1.70 per share, indicative of confidence in our strategy.
OUTPERFORMING OUR PEERS:
Three-Year Total Cumulative Shareholder Return (12.31.12 through 12.31.15)
We remain focused on successfully executing our strategy, including allocating more capital to areas of our business with constructive regulatory frameworks, maintaining disciplined cost management and strongly advocating
for responsible energy policies at the state and federal levels, to deliver superior long-term value for you, our shareholders.
This strategic focus also has strengthened us financially and helped improve our credit ratings, enabling us to access debt at competitive rates.
  CORE EARNINGS PER DILUTED SHARE
22%
since 2013
*See inside front cover for a reconciliation
of GAAP to core earnings per
$3.00
$2.50 $2.40 $2.10
$2.00 $1.50 $1.00
$2.56
ANNUALIZED DIVIDEND
6.25%
since 2013
$2.00 $1.75 $1.50 $1.25 $1.00
         $1.64
$1.70
    $1.60
                  diluted share.
2013 2014 2015
12.31.13
12.31.14
12.31.15
 4

Community
At Ameren, we believe we are only as strong as the communities we serve. And we are making an impact in our service territories through employee volunteerism, investment and philanthropic support.
For example, last fall we announced a comprehensive $2.5 million community initiative related to child well-being, education, energy assistance and job readiness for the greater
St. Louis area as a direct response to recommendations of the Ferguson Commission.
My co-workers pledged $1.8 million to the United Way in 2015, to benefit more than 50 United Way chapters in Missouri and Illinois. In fact, since 1971, Ameren and its employees have provided nearly $50 million in support of United Way of Greater St. Louis, in addition to long-term support of other United Way chapters in Missouri and Illinois.
My co-workers also generously volunteered thousands of hours to local organizations to help meet growing needs across the hundreds
of communities we serve.
We are humbled and honored to have been
part of communities in Missouri and Illinois
for over 100 years. Our passion and commitment to build stronger, healthier and more inclusive communities will not waver.
Co-Workers
At Ameren, our people are our greatest asset.
As a result, it’s important that we make investments in safety, training, wellness and diversity to improve their work and personal lives. These efforts are making an impact.
Safety is the foundation for everything we do. Our relentless focus on safety and training has resulted in meaningful improvements in our overall safety performance. Similarly, our focus on diversity and wellness resulted in numerous awards in 2015, including those listed on the next page. Ameren employees can be proud of these accomplishments.
My co-workers across the company are also actively engaged in a host of continuous improvement and innovation initiatives to leverage rapidly changing technologies.
LETTER FROM THE CEO
                                                                                                                                                                          The Ameren Cares initiative works to improve the quality of life through partnerships with nonprofit organizations. And at the core of
nearly every nonprofit organization are its volunteers. Employees who volunteer make a difference in the lives of individuals and families throughout our service territories in Missouri and Illinois. In addition, Ameren provides financial support for nonprofit organizations through
the Ameren Corporation Charitable Trust.
   
 PLEASE JOIN US AT THE ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
PEORIA
CIVIC CENTER
201 SW Jefferson Ave. Peoria, Illinois 61602
                TOP UTILITY IN THE UNITED STATES FOR DIVERSITY & INCLUSION
DiversityInc
TOP 100 MILITARY FRIENDLY EMPLOYERS
G.I. Jobs Magazine
BEST EMPLOYERS LIST FOR 2015
Forbes
2015 HEALTHIEST EMPLOYERS
St. Louis Business Journal
TOP 50 EMPLOYER
Woman Engineer Magazine
 In closing, I want to reiterate that Ameren is focused on executing our strategy to deliver superior value to you our shareholders, our customers and the communities we serve.
28
10:30 A.M. CDT
Simply put, millions of people and thousands of businesses in Illinois and Missouri are counting on our people for safe, dependable energy, 365 days a year. This compels us to keep our workforce safe and well; to prepare them to perform under challenging conditions; and to provide training and opportunities for both personal and professional growth. We must nurture the next generation of talent in order to sustain our company, drive innovation and meet our customers’ future energy needs and expectations.
april
Electricity and natural gas services are critical
for our modern world. With such a vital purpose, Ameren strives to keep energy safe, reliable, cleaner and reasonably priced for all. We are always improving. Always innovating. Always looking to tomorrow. Always making an impact. And always focused on delivering on our vision of Leading the Way to a Secure Energy Future and our mission To Power the Quality of Life.
WARNER L. BAXTER
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 1, 2016
           