 2004 ANNUAL REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS
  MICHAEL G. MORRIS
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS American Electric Power became a stronger, more focused company in 2004. We sold non-core assets, reduced debt and met our earnings target while the people of AEP overcame some of the worst challenges Mother Nature can offer. In addition, we restructured the company, creating seven operating units to improve customer focus and to move more decisions to the local level. We accomplished a lot, and we certainly have much more to ac- complish. But, all told, 2004 was a very exciting and good year.
FINANCIALRESULTS AEP’songoingearningspersharefor2004totaled$2.33,within our guidance range of $2.20 to $2.40. As-reported, or GAAP, earnings (prepared according to Generally Accepted Accounting Principles) were $2.75 per share, reflecting gains from asset sales.
Our share price advanced 12.6 percent last year – well ahead of the overall market – and total return to shareholders, including dividends, exceeded 17 percent. AEP’s liquidity position remained favorable in 2004. At year’s end the com- pany had more than $400 million in cash and cash equivalents on its balance
sheet and access to nearly $3 billion in credit facilities.
ASSETSALES In2004wesubstantiallycompletedourprogramofsellingassetsthat are unrelated to our core, domestic utility operations.
Among the facilities and operations sold were 4,000 megawatts of coal-fired generation in the United Kingdom, our interest in a power plant in China, the Louisiana Intrastate Gas pipeline and storage operations, four domestic indepen- dent power plants, and AEP Coal assets in Ohio and Kentucky.
Some divestitures were unrelated to our sale of non-core assets. We sold most of our Texas generating assets to establish our level of stranded-cost recov- ery, consistent with Texas electric restructuring law.
The $1.4 billion in proceeds from last year’s asset sales – along with re- tained-earnings growth and pension contributions – helped us meet our goal of reducing our debt ratio to below 60 percent of capitalization.
GETTINGCLOSERTOOURCUSTOMERS AEPreorganizeditsfieldoperationsintoseven operating units last year to move decision-making responsibility closer to cus- tomers and other stakeholders. Already, we see positive results from this effort to strengthen our ties with the communities we serve. I’m confident the new struc- ture will allow us to meet our customers’ needs more quickly and effectively. And positive customer relationships help build positive regulatory relationships.
Each operating unit is headed by a president and chief operating officer who has authority for energy distribution operations and for customer and regulatory relationships. Other companywide operations, such as generation, transmission, and distribution dispatch, remain centralized to retain the efficiencies that mat- ter so much to our customers and regulators.
1
  2004 SHAREHOLDER RETURN
 25%
20%
15%
10%
5%
       S&P 500 Index
S&P Electric AEP Utility Index
0%

 AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC.
  2
Our new operating units are profiled in this report. I hope you will read about them to get a sense of our front-line operations and the people who run them.
ACHIEVEMENTSANDCHALLENGES Onceagain,in2004,AEPfacedmanyoperational challenges. And, once again, our people responded.
Severe ice storms crippled much of our Ohio service territory in late De- cember. Nearly 2,000 people from 13 states – including AEP employees, contrac- tors and neighboring utilities’ employees – spent time away from their families during the holidays, working in frigid, sometimes hazardous conditions to restore power to our customers.
Last summer, AEP dispatched hundreds of employees and contractors to Florida to assist utilities ravaged by several hurricanes that hit in rapid succes- sion. Times like these truly demonstrate the skill, dedication and drive of our employees.
Despite our overall high-quality service, we continue to address service reli- ability issues in areas of our service territory. In Ohio, we have made progress on a program to improve the performance of our least-reliable energy distribution circuits by an average of 40 percent. We are also working hard to improve service reliability in Oklahoma, where new service quality rules took effect last year, and in Louisiana and other states.
I’m pleased to tell you that, after a permitting process that stretched over some 15 years, construction began in 2004 on the Wyoming-Jacksons Ferry 765- kilovolt transmission line. We hope to complete the 90-mile line in mid-2006. The new line will help reinforce the transmission system serving southern West Vir- ginia, southwestern Virginia and eastern Kentucky, where energy demand has skyrocketed since the last major transmission line was built to serve that region more than 30 years ago. The projected cost of building the line is $271 million.
All told, AEP invested nearly $800 million in our energy delivery system last year. We plan to invest more than $1 billion in the system this year to improve performance where needed.
AEP joined PJM Interconnection in October, fulfilling our commitment at the time of the Central & South West merger to join Regional Transmission Or- ganizations (RTOs). PJM, based in Valley Forge, Pa., oversees transmission sys- tem reliability in a 12-state region encompassing AEP’s eastern service territory and provides a larger common market for AEP generation. Our success in the PJM market increases as we gain experience, and we believe our membership will produce long-term benefits for customers and shareholders.
The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission also has approved Southwest Power Pool (SPP) as an RTO. AEP transmission assets in Oklahoma, Louisiana, Arkansas and a portion of Texas fall within SPP.
Our D.C. Cook nuclear plant set site records in 2004 for generation and capacity factor, surpassing milestones reached in 1996. Last year, the plant gener-
  
  Technology already in place at some AEP plants will be added to other facilities to reduce emissions of sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxide and mercury.
2004 ANNUAL REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS
 ated 16,770 gigawatt-hours of electricity and had a capacity factor of 92.7 percent. We’re pleased with the recent performance improvements at Cook and anticipate further progress. Our goal is to achieve top-industry performance.
Although we have refocused on our core utility business, our commercial businesses continue to add value to the enterprise. Our energy marketing and trading activities center on areas where we have assets and customers, helping to make our operations more profitable while hedging against risk.
I’m proud to report that AEP was recognized as an exemplary workplace in 2004. The company was named one of the best places to work for women and minorities by Essence magazine, for working mothers by Working Mother magazine, and for those with military backgrounds by G.I. Jobs magazine.
2005: INVESTING IN THE FUTURE We are optimistic about our prospects this year. We expect that the general economy will continue to strengthen, which will benefit our customers. AEP projects 2005 ongoing earnings of $2.30 to $2.50 per share. We plan to reduce our operation and maintenance expenses to the extent possible and sustain our debt-to-capitalization ratio at below 60 percent. We will also continue to evaluate the potential for an increase in the quarterly dividend.
The year is already off to a good start. We have sold our controlling interest in Houston Pipe Line Company, generating approximately $1 billion in cash. We reached settlement agreements with federal agencies regarding investigations of gas-price reporting and gas-storage activities. And we announced a goal of fully funding AEP pension liabilities by the end of 2005, which will further strengthen our balance sheet, enhance earnings potential and reassure our valued employees.
Much of AEP’s energy will focus on regulatory activity this year as we explain our need to make significant investments in our generating fleet, the largest in the nation. Our goal is to persuade our regulators that improving the environmental performance of our plants absolutely will be in the best interest of our customers, our shareholders and the people who live in the communities where our generating facilities are located. The end result will be cleaner air for everyone, a fair return for shareholders and the assurance of reasonable rates for customers for years to come.
Most of the rate activity in our eastern states is geared toward recovery of planned investments. The rate plan that Ohio regulators approved in Janu- ary provides a fair balance for AEP customers and shareholders and will benefit the environment.
In Texas, we will seek stranded-cost recovery on the AEP Texas Central
Company generating assets that are being sold, as authorized by Texas deregula-
tion legislation. The difference between the plants’ sale proceeds and book value
can be securitized, which will generate cash to pay down debt and fund capital expenditures. We expect to make a mid-year filing with the Public Utility Com- 3 mission of Texas and anticipate a decision around the end of the year.
  
 AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC.
 AEP uses more coal than anyone else in the nation – some 75 mil- lion tons annually on average. Approximately 73 percent of our 36,000-megawatt generating capacity is fired by coal and lignite. Continued use of coal is impor- tant for the energy security and economy of our nation, and for the interests of our stakeholders.
Keeping coal as a viable energy option will require advanced technolo- gies. That is why we are continuing our tradition of technological innovation by pioneering construction of the largest Integrated Gasification Combined Cycle (IGCC) plant in the world. We announced this clean-coal project last year and will finalize site selection and seek cost recovery in 2005. We anticipate comple- tion by 2010.
While other companies remain focused on supercritical coal-fired genera- tion – pioneered by AEP nearly 50 years ago – we are moving to the next level of generation technology.
We believe increasingly stringent air-quality regulations and the possibility of eventual constraints on carbon dioxide emissions make IGCC the right invest- ment and the most environmentally responsible choice for future coal-fired gen- eration. IGCC technology has the potential to provide the environmental benefits of a high-efficiency, natural gas-fired, combined-cycle facility while capitalizing on the comparatively low and stable fuel costs associated with coal. I invite you to read more about IGCC technology later on in this report.
AEP also expects to invest approximately $3.7 billion through 2010 and an- other $1.5 billion through 2020 in improvements at our existing coal-fired plants. This will extend their productive lives, keep them operating profitably and improve air quality for those living nearby. Technology already in place at some AEP plants will be added to other facilities to reduce emissions of sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxide and mercury. AEP has invested roughly $2 billion in en- vironmental enhancements at our generating facilities since the mid-1990s.
Even after electric rates that allow us to recover our planned expenditures are approved, our customers’ costs will remain among the lowest in the regions we serve. AEP also will stay competitive in wholesale power markets. These are enormous advantages that we intend to keep.
AEP will continue as an industry leader in addressing global climate change. As a founding member of the Chicago Climate Exchange, the first voluntary platform for trading greenhouse gas emission credits, we have committed to re- duce or offset greenhouse gas emissions a cumulative 10 percent between 2003 and 2006. This is in addition to our widely recognized tree-planting program and our efforts to preserve forests to sequester carbon dioxide.
A diverse fuel mix that includes renewable energy is important for our na- tion and our company. AEP operates nearly 900 megawatts of hydroelectric gen- 4 eration and is one of the largest generators of wind energy in the United States with more than 300 megawatts operating in Texas. We are exploring opportuni-
 Last summer, AEP dispatched hundreds of employees and contractors to Florida to assist utilities ravaged by several hurricanes.
   AEP has invested roughly $2 billion in environmental enhancements at our generating facilities since the mid-1990s.
  
    After a permitting process
that stretched over some 15 years, construction began in 2004 on the Wyoming-Jacksons Ferry 765-kilovolt transmission line. We hope to complete the 90-mile line in mid-2006.
 2004 ANNUAL REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS
 ties to grow our wind portfolio. We’re also testing the use of plant material and animal waste combined with coal at some of our plants to reduce emissions.
SAFETY AEP employees are continually urged not to compromise their safety, or others’ safety, in order to get the job done. So it pains me to report that three employees lost their lives in job-related accidents during 2004. Our hearts go out to their loved ones. No safety program is a success if fatalities occur, and we are reevaluating every aspect of our safety programs to find new and better ways to protect employees and raise safety awareness. In addition, we have changed our management incentive compensation plan so that no safety-related award will be paid if we experience one fatality during the year, regardless of how good our overall safety record is.
TRANSITIONS The AEP Board of Directors welcomed Lionel Nowell as a new member in 2004. Lionel, senior vice president and treasurer of PepsiCo, Inc., brings financial acumen and valuable experience in corporate strategy and busi- ness development to our endeavors. We’re delighted to have him on board.
We’ll miss Leonard Kujawa, who is leaving the AEP Board after eight years of service. His broad knowledge of the energy industry has been a great asset dur- ing a volatile period for our sector. We wish Len the best.
Key executives retiring since publication of our last annual report include Tom Shockley, vice chairman and chief operating officer; Henry Fayne, execu- tive vice president – Energy Delivery and former chief financial officer; Armando Peña, senior vice president – Financial Policy and former AEP treasurer; Melinda Ackerman, senior vice president – Human Resources; and Glenn Files, senior vice president – Distribution. Each has left a positive mark on our company. We are a better organization because of their contributions.
ALONG-TERMCOMMITMENT IwanttothankallAEPstakeholdersforinvestingin our plans and our vision. AEP is in the business of providing electric service in a cost-effective, environmentally responsible manner for generations to come. Our unparalleled assets – human and otherwise – are key to attaining this goal. We do a pretty good job at it, but we need to continue to get better. That will ensure a secure and rewarding future for our customers, our employees, and you, our valued shareholders.
MICHAEL G. MORRIS
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 5 March 2, 2005
   