Dear fellow shareholders,
As American Electric Power observes its 100th year of operation in 2006, we reflect on a successful 2005. The company is stronger than it was a year ago, which validates our strategy to focus on our robust utility operations. We raised our earnings projections for the year in December and met them. Once again, our employees met many difficult challenges. And AEP continued to add milestones to its long list of industry “firsts.”
This year will be pivotal for determining how to meet AEP’s need for additional power to serve our customers in both our eastern and western regions. And we hope this will be the year we put shovels in the ground for our first Integrated Gasification Combined Cycle (IGCC) “clean coal” generating plant – the largest in the world.
2005 Annual Report to Shareholders
 2005 Shareholder Return
Highlights of 2005
Our 2005 ongoing earnings per share were $2.73, at the high end of our guidance range of $2.65 to $2.75. As-reported earnings (prepared according to Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or GAAP) were $2.09 per share, largely because of one-time charges relating to regulatory activity in Texas.
AEP’s share price increased 8 percent during the year and total return to shareholders, including cash dividends, was 12.1 percent. While shareholder return trailed the prior year’s figure and lagged our peer group, it was ahead of the broader S&P 500 market.
We continued strengthening our balance sheet.
As a result, we rewarded our faithful shareholders with
a 6 percent increase in the quarterly dividend on AEP’s
common stock. 3
              4.9%
16.7% 12.1%

American Electric Power Company, Inc.
Last year we sold nearly all of our remaining non- core assets, most notably our interest in Houston Pipe Line Company. That transaction alone provided approximately $1 billion in cash.
We met our goal of fully funding AEP pension liabili- ties by the end of 2005. This will help ensure the financial well-being of our employees and retirees while enhancing our balance sheet and boosting our earnings potential.
We also met our goal of maintaining our debt ratio below 60 percent of capitalization. Debt represented 57.2 percent of total capitalization at the end of the year, an im- provement from 59.1 percent at year-end 2004. On a credit-
tomers and other stakeholders, and we are starting to reap benefits from the stronger relationships that are develop- ing. These relationships are critical to meeting customer needs and shareholder expectations.
Preparing for the future
AEP will need approximately 1,200 additional megawatts of generating capacity in our eastern service territory by 2010, and a comparable amount of additional baseload capacity in our western service territory by 2011.
Last March, our Ohio-based operating companies – Ohio Power and Columbus Southern Power – filed a request
 adjusted basis, the debt ratio declined from 59.2 percent to 58 percent.
We achieved substantial cost savings in 2005, both in our utility units and at the corporate center. And our liquid- ity remained strong: AEP’s balance sheet showed $401 mil- lion in cash and cash equivalents at year end.
We were gratified when Moody’s Investors Service upgraded AEP’s debt ratings in September, citing our im- proved financial profile and reduced business risk.
The first full year of operating under our restructured field organization was largely successful. Our intent was 4 to move decision-making responsibility closer to our cus-
with the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio to recover costs to build and operate a 600-megawatt IGCC generating plant in Meigs County. We will proceed swiftly with construction once a favorable rate order is received. We also have taken the first step toward potential construction of an IGCC plant in West Virginia. In January 2006, Appalachian Power filed an application with that state’s Public Service Commission for a Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity. AEP is evaluating a potential IGCC site in Kentucky as well.
AEP was the first utility to unveil plans to build one or more large-scale commercial IGCC plants. We firmly believe IGCC technology offers the most environmentally

responsible and cost-effective generation option for our customers over the long term.
We began the process of adding generation re- sources in our western region with the filing of “requests for proposals” last fall by our Public Service Company of Oklahoma (PSO) and Southwestern Electric Power Com- pany (SWEPCO) operating companies. Proposals are being evaluated.
During 2005, we added 1,326 megawatts of capacity in our eastern region with the purchase of natural gas-fired units in Ohio and West Virginia. These units are being used primarily during periods of high electricity demand.
Getting the power back on
Other than our experience in Indiana last January, AEP es- caped the worst of the storms of 2005. But we supplied hun- dreds of employees and contractors to assist Gulf Coast- area utilities that were hit hard. Edison Electric Institute (EEI), the association of investor-owned electric utilities, recognized AEP with its Emergency Assistance Award for the help we provided in Hurricane Katrina’s wake.
EEI also recognized our Indiana Michigan Power op- erating company with its Emergency Response Award for I&M’s fast, effective response to the devastating January 2005 ice storm in its service territory.
2005 Annual Report to Shareholders
 I’m delighted to note that the Nuclear Regulatory Commission in August approved 20-year extensions of the operating licenses for the two units at our D.C. Cook nuclear plant. The licenses now expire in 2034 and 2037. Cook’s low-cost generation is very important to our opera- tions, and we continue to be gratified by the performance improvements at Cook. The plant established a site gen- eration record in 2005, eclipsing the record from the year before. Cook generated 17,471 gigawatt-hours and had a capacity factor of 96.8 percent in 2005. This year, both units are scheduled for refueling outages and the Unit 1 reactor vessel head will be replaced.
Investing in reliability and environmental improvements
We have worked hard to improve the reliability of our en- ergy distribution system across our system. In Ohio, some of our least reliable distribution circuits are performing better, but we’re addressing reliability issues with other circuits. We invested more than $1.1 billion in our energy delivery system in 2005, $370 million more than the prior year, and we project a $1.3-billion investment in 2006.
We also ramped up our investment in environmental improvements at our coal-fired plants in 2005. In the
past two years, we have invested more than $1 billion in 5

American Electric Power Company, Inc.
 technology to reduce emissions of sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxide and mercury, and we project an additional $3.1- billion investment through 2010. This program will improve air quality for those living near the plants and assure continued use of these facilities. And our customers’ costs will remain among the lowest in the regions we serve, even with electric rates that permit AEP to recover our investment. I’m happy to report that controls already installed on our plants performed better than designed to reduce nitrogen oxide emissions during the 2005 ozone season, May through September.
Operating in PJM
We continue to gain experience operating our eastern transmission network as part of the PJM Interconnection. PJM oversees transmission system reliability in a 13-state region while providing a larger market for AEP generation. Our commercial operations group has taken advantage of every market opportunity to sell surplus power, adding dollars to our bottom line in 2005 and reducing overall rates for our customers through various revenue-sharing arrangements.
Late last year, we reached agreement with transmis- sion customers in the AEP zone of PJM to update prices to reflect the current costs of providing service on AEP’s eastern transmission network. The revenue requirement had not changed since the merger in 2000. The new rates should produce $22 million in additional revenues this year.
Recognition of excellence
We received a 2005 Climate Protection Award from the
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency recognizing our 6 “ingenuity, leadership and public purpose” in the effort
to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. AEP is a founding member of the Chicago Climate Exchange (CCX) and was the first member to expand its original commitment to the trading platform last year. CCX has the potential to make a difference in addressing the pressing issue of global cli- mate change.
Other honors came our way in 2005 as well. For the third consecutive year, G.I. Jobs magazine named AEP one of the best places to work for those with military experi- ence and Essence magazine placed the company on its list of top workplaces for women and minorities.
Making safety a priority
It is gratifying that AEP is a good place to work. But it is essential that AEP be a safe place to work. That is why it is with deep regret that I tell you an employee from our PSO team died in a job-related accident last year. We want every employee to work safely and return home healthy each day. Last year, we elevated our top safety position, welcoming Dennis Welch to AEP as senior vice president – Environment and Safety. Dennis will continue to sharpen our focus on safety in every area of the company.
Six employees received the AEP Chairman’s Life Saving Award in the past year for helping members of the public in life-threatening situations. Curtis Brummett, Todd Hall and Mike Warner of PSO, Kathi Parsley of Appalachian Power, Charlie Burroughs of SWEPCO and Stacey Lynch of I&M are an inspiration and example to all of us.
2006 will be challenging but rewarding
I’ve already mentioned how significant this year will be for AEP as we chart a course to meet our customers’ future needs. We expect 2006 ongoing earnings in the range of $2.50 to $2.70 per share based on our strategy of continued focus on utility operations.
We are optimistic about this year’s prospects while recognizing that the challenges will be no less, and pos- sibly greater, than last year.
• We await the outcome of regulatory proceedings in sev- eral jurisdictions, mostly seeking recovery of planned reliability and environmental investments but also rate adjustments to cover increasing costs of doing business, including fuel costs. The amount of our capital invest- ment will be adjusted as necessary, depending on our level of rate recovery and the amount of cash we are able

to generate. We are very focused on helping our regula- tors understand the benefits of our planned investments for customers, shareholders and those living near our generating facilities, and we hope that effort bears fruit.
• In May 2005, our AEP Texas Central Company (TCC) util- ity unit filed with the Public Utility Commission of Texas for recovery of $2.4 billion in net stranded generation costs and other expenses related to the sale of TCC gen- erating assets. This February, the commission set TCC’s stranded costs and related expenses at $1.5 billion. The company intends to seek rehearing of the ruling and to pursue appeals if necessary. TCC anticipates filing an application in March to securitize its stranded costs and related carrying costs.
• We will continue to be challenged by rising fuel prices. Our fuel, emissions and logistics organization has been doing an outstanding job of managing the issue.
• Projected load growth of about 2.5 percent, along with lower expected generating plant availability due to environmental retrofit outages, likely will result in lower off-system power sales.
This summer, we expect to complete a major project that is sorely needed and has been 16 years coming – the Wyoming–Jacksons Ferry 765-kilovolt (kV) transmission line. The 90-mile line, projected to be in service by July, will strengthen the transmission system serving southern West Virginia, southwestern Virginia and eastern Kentucky. More than three decades have passed since the last major transmission line was built in this region, where energy demand has increased dramatically. The line will be the first 765-kV line in North America to use a six-bundle conductor configuration, a noise-reduction design improvement over earlier construction.
Speaking of new transmission, this January we took the bold step of proposing to build a 765-kV transmission line that will span approximately 550 miles from West Virginia to New Jersey. Most of the proposed line, called the AEP Interstate Project and nicknamed I-765, would be outside our service territory. We have asked the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) and PJM to approve this transmission “superhighway,” which will reduce PJM congestion costs and transmission line losses, enhance
reliability in the eastern transmission grid and provide more flexibility and opportunity to site new generation. We also are seeking designation of the proposed route as a National Interest Electric Transmission Corridor from the Department of Energy.
We project a 2014 in-service date and approximate cost of $3 billion. A new AEP subsidiary, AEP Transmission Co. LLC, will construct and own the line. In fact, this will be the first line built under the Energy Policy Act as signed into law by President Bush in the summer of 2005.
The time is right for this kind of project. Congress and FERC have identified investment in transmission as crucial to ensure electricity grid reliability and the potential for economic growth.
New directors
We have welcomed two new members to the AEP Board of Directors in the past several months. Linda Goodspeed is executive vice president and chief technology officer for Lennox International, a global supplier of climate-control solutions. Ralph Crosby is chairman and chief executive officer of EADS North America, a leading aerospace and defense firm. We’re thrilled to have Linda and Ralph with us. They add greatly to the depth and breadth of knowledge represented on our board.
Two members of our senior management team also have retired since our last annual report was published. Dick Boyle, senior vice president – Commercial Operations, and Richard Verret, senior vice president – Transmission, helped make AEP a stronger company, and we appreciate their dedicated service.
We’re ready to meet the task ahead
Like 2005, this will be a year of rewards and challenges. I have no doubt that our employees are up to the task. I hope and believe that, at this time next year, our customers will feel better served by our company and each of you will ap- preciate your stake in AEP even more than you do today.
Michael G. Morris
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
March 2, 2006 7
2005 Annual Report to Shareholders
 