CHAIRMAN’S
 LETTER
Dear Fellow Shareholders:
2000 was a turnaround year for AEP. We closed the merger with Central and South West Corp., returned the Cook Nuclear Plant to service, and substantially grew our wholesale business earnings. Our stock price closed nearly 45 percent higher by year-end. We ranked 15th in total shareholder return out of the 26 utilities in the Standard & Poor’s Utilities Index, up from 21st in 1999. And we paid dividends at the rate of $2.40 per share.
I applaud our employees for their incredible effort. Our 2000 ongoing earnings of $2.76 per share were in line with analyst expectations although down from $2.86 in 1999 due to expenses incurred to restart the Cook plant. Our reported earnings for 2000 were $0.83 per share, reflecting costs associated with the merger; disallowance of a tax deduction related to corporate- owned life insurance; a net extraordinary loss due to introduction of customer choice in Ohio, Virginia and West Virginia jurisdictions; write-down of our invest- ment in Yorkshire Power Group; and adjustments at various non-regulated entities.
We currently project ongoing earnings per share of $3.40 to $3.50 for 2001. Driving this growth will be a continuing focus on our wholesale business and ongo- ing momentum across all of our businesses for speed and efficiency in execution.
We’ve already had a burst of activity in 2001. In January, we agreed to purchase Houston Pipe Line Co.
In February, we announced the sale of our interest in Yorkshire, a regulated distribution and supply business in the United Kingdom.
We also are executing our plan to separate our whole- sale and other businesses in a corporate reorganiza- tion. This will position AEP to unlock future value for shareholders and intensify our focus on each line of business and its specific customers.
Wholesale emphasis and leverage
AEP’s portfolio of businesses and assets positions us uniquely for success in the high-growth wholesale segment. These key assets form the foundation of our overall corporate strategy: AEP’s 38,000 megawatts of low-cost electric generation, one of the largest gener- ation fleets in the nation; our expanding intrastate pipelines and gas storage facilities; and the knowl- edge capital that resides among our people. Principal competencies within our wholesale business include fuel procurement, electric plant generation, and wholesale marketing and trading.
We’ve come very far, very quickly. In barely three years, our trading organization has leapfrogged the competition to gain the No. 2 spot in electricity trading volume. We sold nearly 389 billion kilowatt-hours last year, up from 307 billion kilowatt-hours in 1999. This equates to more than one-tenth of U.S. electricity con- sumption. In natural gas, where we ranked among the top 15 last year, our volume grew to 1,391 billion cubic
  2000

E. Linn Draper, Jr.
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer
feet in 2000 from 977 billion cubic feet in 1999. And we took steps to significantly expand our natural gas standing with the purchase of Houston Pipe Line Co.
While rankings measure our progress, we must never lose sight of what is most important: the ability of our people to capture incremental profits across the entire wholesale value chain. In 2000, wholesale marketing and trading contributed an additional 41 cents per share to earnings over the prior year.
We are committed to continuing to grow our wholesale business and are excited by the prospects. We have assembled the talent and put in place proprietary, sophisticated information systems that make us one of a select few truly equipped to reap rewards for our shareholders in this competency-based business.
Key underpinnings of our wholesale growth plan include expansion of the commodities that we trade, pursuit of related businesses, and geographic expan- sion to further leverage our competitive advantage in trading. Our early initiatives to scale our trading organ- ization by moving into the United Kingdom and Germany have been very successful. Last year, our first as a power trader in Germany, we ranked second in volume.
A different mind-set
What most distinguishes our wholesale business is something less tangible. It’s our ability to link our com-
mercial and operational skills to seize the opportuni- ties in volatile markets. On a hot summer day last year at our Mountaineer power plant in West Virginia, we saw the difference this can make.
Temperatures were climbing on Wednesday, August 30, and forecasters were projecting higher-than- expected demand the following day. But in this already tight electric market, the 1,300-megawatt, coal-fired Mountaineer Plant was operating at only half-load. Equipment needed to boost the unit’s heat cycle effi- ciency was not working.
Our marketing people who dispatch power from our plants began to shop for additional power to meet AEP’s needs. But the Mountaineer team was not going to give up.
Under usual circumstances, a unit outage needed to make repairs would have taken several days. In this case, however, inspired problem solving and plain hard work produced unusual results. Employees returned the plant to service a mere 22 hours after going off-line. The payoff: approximately $1 million in generation revenue that would have been lost had Mountaineer remained at half-load until the weekend.
Integrating the expertise of our marketing and trading people with the experience of our operators and tech- nicians allows us to grow a merchant culture through- out the company. Across 11 states, AEP’s employees
 2 3
  Domestic Trading Volume
(in millions of MWH)
  120
100
80
60
40
20 0
            1Q 2Q 3Q 4Q 1Q 2Q 3Q 4Q 1999 2000
  trading system sales
  “We’ve come very far, very quickly.
In barely three years, our trading organization has leapfrogged the competition to gain the No. 2 spot in electricity trading volume.”

 COMMERCIALLY FOCUSED P
at 134 generating units stay in close touch with our commercial experts who monitor the pulse of energy markets. When they arrive at work, power plant oper- ators get detailed information about expected forward prices for energy. This shows them – graphically – the value of having a unit in service.
Incentive compensation
We’ve designed an incentive compensation plan to support the growth of this commercial mind-set. Meeting targets related to the availability of generat- ing units, fuel efficiency, and operation and mainte- nance budgets helps to determine the total compen- sation for all plant employees. This, in turn, aligns operations and marketing so that our shareholders are rewarded from the reliable operation of our system. Because most of our employees also are sharehold- ers, we benefit doubly when we succeed.
Pro Serv: generating plants as profit centers
employees and reduce our contract expenses. These internal troubleshooters provide engineering, envi- ronmental and maintenance services both inside and outside the company.
This past year, Pro Serv – working with trading and marketing staff – won contracts to build, operate and market power plants for Dow Chemical (900 megawatts), Buckeye Power (510 megawatts) and Columbia Energy (500 megawatts). The beauty of these agreements is that we provide the expertise while our customers provide the capital. We also get to market a substantial amount of the plants’ output.
This arrangement supports our capital efficiency goals. It speaks volumes about our pride in being one of only a very few companies in the entire industry with the full complement of skills to site, design, con- struct and operate power plants and to provide fuel supply and power marketing services to others.
ern region – to record levels of 91.8 percent and 92.5 percent, respectively.
We are moving ahead at a rapid pace to realize sav- ings from the CSW merger. We forecast these savings to total $2 billion over the next decade. Process improvements are projected to add another $1 billion to that total. We have developed operating plans to hold operations and maintenance expenses flat despite anticipated business growth and inflation.
Merger savings in 2000 totaled $61 million, as planned, and an additional $142 million is targeted for 2001.
Communication is critical in helping employees to execute with the urgency needed to meet our goals. This year, we created a biweekly financial newsletter for all employees to report on how their actions are reflected in our financial performance and stock price. In February, I joined two colleagues in a company- wide live webcast to discuss our year-end results with employees. The response was incredible. Approximately half of our employees tuned in to the live webcast or accessed it later.
Our commercial mind-set is reflected in the growing
success of AEP Pro Serv, Inc. The for-profit company,
which was formed in early 2000, is made up of AEP’s
engineering and technical support employees. These
people are replacing many of the outside contractors
and consultants we used in the past because they are operations and maintenance expenses by nearly 13 Safety
willing to travel and work where their skills are need- percent. Last year, plant availability increased 4.2 per- Even as we focus on savings, we will not sacrifice our ed. The result is that we can retain experienced cent in our eastern region and 1 percent in our west- commitment to maintaining the highest standards of
Executing with urgency
Commercially focused people don’t need to be reminded of the need for swift, effective execution. Since 1998, our power plant teams have reduced
SWIFT, EFFECTI
REMINDED OF THE NEED FOR S

EOPLE DON’T NEED TO BE
safety. While we made some strides in 2000, we have had three fatalities in the past 15 months. We extend our sympathy to these employees’ families. Any fatal- ity is one too many. Our commitment to safety, while strong, must become even stronger.
Fuel diversity
Natural gas, which has been the preferred fuel for new power plants because of its environmental and cost advantages, shot up in price this past year. Even as I write, it is trading at levels we’ve not seen since the early 1980s. This makes coal, which fuels about 65 percent of our generation, a much more attractive fuel. It also provides us with a natural hedge to mitigate the impact of today’s high gas prices.
The Cook plant, historically among the leaders in U.S. nuclear generation and a low-cost generator for AEP, has had a solid track record since restart. Our Cook team, under the leadership of Bob Powers, will work diligently to meet the plant’s annual total capacity fac- tor goals of 84 percent for 2001 and 88 percent for 2002, with employee incentive compensation tied to these metrics.
Because we expect the two Cook units to continue to play an important role in our generation strategy, we are planning to apply for a 20-year extension of their operating licenses, which are scheduled to expire in 2014 and 2017.
What’s ahead?
Corporate separation
We are working hard to achieve a corporate separation of our regulated and unregulated businesses by the end of this year. Corporate separation, simply stated, means we will form two wholly owned subsidiaries – one with unregulated businesses and the other with regulated businesses.
Why are we doing this? It will enable investors to value
our businesses separately and will improve our ability
to manage the realities of electric deregulation. Employees will be better able to focus on the differing 4 capital requirements of each business. Under old- 5 style, cost-of-service regulation, our growth resulted
  2001 will be a year of execution and delivery of
results. As I mentioned earlier, we expect earnings per
share to grow substantially over last year’s perform-
ance. We expect our cash flow to be strong and suffi-
cient to support our capital expenditures and divi-
dends. Proceeds from asset sales will be used to pay
down short-term debt and reduce our leverage in
order to bolster credit quality, which is very important
to our business. We aim for a consolidated equity ratio
Cook Nuclear Plant of at least 40 percent and will be working closely with prises will enable our management to respond more In an environment of rising fuel prices, the economics the rating agencies to achieve appropriate capital readily to regulatory changes and requirements. By of nuclear generation become even more compelling. structures for our separate business units. the end of this year, we expect Ohio, Texas and Virginia
But we’re still believers in natural gas. It now accounts for roughly 26 percent of our generation mix and – in fact – we are the third largest user in the nation. Our purchase of Houston Pipe Line Co. from Enron Corp. includes significant gas storage capacity which, cou- pled with our acquisition of Louisiana Intrastate Gas in 1998, will help us to achieve our goal of becoming a top-10 gas trader and marketer this year.
VE, EXECUTION
WIFT, EFFECTIVE EXECUTION
from investing capital and earning a return set by reg- ulators. While some of our businesses will continue to earn regulated returns, now more than ever before, our earnings growth will come from our ability to be smarter, quicker and more efficient in using our invested capital. Customers will be better served because this separation allows us to focus on meeting their unique needs. And investors will have a clearer view of the value to be unlocked in each business.
Separation of the regulated and unregulated enter-
 
  on Christmas morning with
ather than opening presents on Christmas morning with their famili
“Rather than opening presents on Christmas morning with their families, these
 to have implemented legislation permitting us to move our generation into an unregulated business sub- sidiary. This would make AEP’s unregulated generation portfolio of approximately 22,000 megawatts one of the largest and lowest-cost in the nation.
While the timing will differ by state, the transition to competitive generation markets follows a similar process in all states.
During the transition period, AEP will supply retail cus- tomers with power at fixed rates and will sell excess power on the wholesale market at market rates. Customers will be free to choose other electric suppli- ers, but AEP will continue to deliver the energy required. At the end of this transition, customers will buy power at market rates from supply companies that, in turn, will buy power from competitive whole- sale generators such as AEP. Our corporate separation anticipates the need to unbundle these supply and distribution functions.
Any discussion about industry restructuring and cor- porate separation would not be complete without mentioning what has happened in California. The problems that precipitated the energy crisis there have received a great deal of public attention. Rightly or wrongly, the state’s attempt at deregulation has been blamed for the situation. We cannot predict how this will affect the decisions of lawmakers and regula-
tors in other states charged with implementing elec- tricity deregulation.
Nevertheless, we believe the circumstances in California – woefully insufficient supply, total reliance on the spot market and capped pricing of power to retail customers – are not likely to be replicated else- where. In fact, the lessons learned in California ought to improve the transition process in other jurisdictions. We will continue to work hard to ensure that deregu- lation works to the benefit of all stakeholders.
Efficiently managing our wires business
The job of our wires business will be to manage our existing assets more efficiently to satisfy customers’ and regulators’ requirements, and to enhance their value to investors. The business consists of our 38,000-mile transmission network, which has a net book value of more than $3.4 billion, and our regulat- ed distribution assets, which have a net book value of more than $5.8 billion.
This is why we have long advocated the for-profit management of the transmission part of our wires business. Our goal is to maximize the regulated return we can earn on transmission and distribution assets.
As an early leader in forming the jointly owned Alliance RTO (regional transmission organization), we made progress last year in getting this for-profit transmis-
sion company up and running. We were pleased when the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission approved our filing earlier this year. And we were even more excited when we were able to effect a settlement agreement with the Midwest ISO (independent system operator) and the Alliance that will allow growth for the Alliance and cooperation between the organizations.
We believe the independently owned Alliance RTO will create the conditions FERC seeks to provide seamless, nondiscriminatory transmission access that facilitates competitive generation markets. It also gives partners the potential to monetize their transmission invest- ments. We believe this system will more fairly and effi- ciently allow capital to be raised for needed transmis- sion expansions. The Alliance RTO is expected to be operational by December 15, 2001, when the partners will turn over operational control of their assets.
We will continue to spend the capital needed to main- tain our distribution system. We will advocate policies that ensure prices customers pay for power realisti- cally support the cost of delivering that power. And we will do what we’ve always done: provide excellent customer service.
Environmental commitment
AEP’s strategy to comply with federal standards to control nitrogen oxide emissions focuses on installa- tion of selective catalytic reduction technology (SCR)

their families, these dedi-
es, these dedicated employees worked tirelessly to restore power to
dedicated employees worked tirelessly to restore power to our customers.”
on a number of our generating units. At our 2,600- megawatt Gen. James M. Gavin Plant in Ohio, we expect to reduce nitrogen oxide emissions by 85 per- cent to 90 percent starting this year. Two 1,300- megawatt units in West Virginia – the Mountaineer Plant and one of the units at John E. Amos Plant – are targeted to have SCR technology operational during 2002. Five other units also have been approved for SCR installation.
In 2000, AEP created a special unit within our whole- sale business to incubate technologies that will reduce emissions. We are investing in companies that are developing state-of-the-art technologies to reduce nitrogen oxides, sulfur dioxide, particulate matter, mercury and other emissions from coal-fired generat- ing plants. We are financing the first commercial-scale demonstration of Thermal Energy International’s THERMALONOxTM nitrogen oxide emission reduction system at our Conesville Plant in Ohio.
In the tradition of Johnny Appleseed, AEP planted nearly 2.75 million trees in 2000. In fact, since the 1940s, we have planted more than 56 million trees in one of the longest-standing tree planting programs in the industry. This many trees, planted in rows close together, would blanket 125 square miles. And AEP continues as a partner in innovative programs designed to reduce carbon emissions by preserving threatened tropical forests in Bolivia and Brazil.
Bringing out the best
The environment tested us in other ways this past year. We saw again how adversity can bring out the best in our people.
Two devastating ice storms raged through parts of Texas, Oklahoma, Arkansas and Louisiana, sending our people from their homes into blowing winds and freezing temperatures. Rather than opening presents on Christmas morning with their families, these dedi- cated employees worked tirelessly to restore power to our customers.
People affected by these storms had high praise for AEP. We received thank-you notes and phone calls from schoolchildren, senior citizens and small busi- ness owners. Church congregations provided our crews with free meals. While the weather is unpre- dictable, the reliability of AEP employees is not.
The communities we serve also rely on AEP as a part- ner. Last year, the company contributed millions of dollars to local organizations, such as United Way, that help make life better for others. In addition, our people and their families regularly donate their time, talents and resources to schools, churches, and a host of social service and community action organizations.
I want to recognize and thank Morris Tanenbaum, who is retiring from our board after more than 11 years of
service. We will miss his sound judgment and informed insights honed from years of navigating change in the telecommunications business. He has been a valuable resource during this period of uncer- tainty in our industry and has served on several com- mittees, most recently chairing the human resources committee. Morry, our best wishes go with you!
Our combination of energy, information and people continues to be a winning formula for AEP. My confi-
dence in AEP’s bright future is grounded in our human
talent, our strong asset base and the strength of our 6 position in high-growth businesses. 7
I thank my fellow employees, customers and investors for their support. I also thank our regulatory partners who work to keep dialogue open and seek to resolve difficult issues.
I particularly thank loyal shareholders who have stuck with us over the past few years. AEP will endeavor to continue earning your loyalty by building on our suc- cesses to deliver strong future results.
E. Linn Draper, Jr.
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer February 28, 2001
      