A Message from the President & CEO
Dear Friends:
I am pleased to share American Electric Power’s 2012 Corporate Accountability Report, my first as president and chief executive officer. We are opening a new, exciting chapter in our 106-year history. Funda- mental change is occurring in our company and our industry that will have lasting impacts on our communities, our customers and our envi- ronment; on how we produce, consume and move electricity around the grid and within our system; and what it will cost now and in the future. Yet, at the beginning, middle and end of the day, the power that our customers rely on must be there when and where they need it.
We are proud to have delivered quarterly dividends to our share- holders continuously for more than a century. We have a strong bal- ance sheet, investment-grade credit ratings and tight control over spending. We understand the social and economic value of electricity to our service territory and to society at large.
We manage our system as a strategic asset that is fundamental
agement that create long-term value. We will continue to identify spe- cific, integral connections between our balance sheet, our daily opera- tions and our responsibility to the environment and to society. By treat- ing sustainability as a strategic investment, we expect to demonstrate that the strength and durability of these connections are vital to our growth and our long-term success. We believe this underpins our abil- ity to deliver 4 percent to 6 percent annual earnings growth on average.
The first part of our strategy is to invest in our regulated utilities and optimize returns on those investments. Our 11 states have differ- ent regulatory frameworks, customer bases and weather patterns that make our operating and investment flexibility a strength that we will leverage. We will look closely at each operating company to determine where we can earn the best return, and our decisions will be tied to making those investments and companies as successful as possible.
We have changed our business model to provide our operat- ing companies with more influence at the corporate level and more
      Times of transition and uncertainty also bring new opportunities. I am confident we have the right strategy,
a strong operating model and the talent to execute our plan and achieve our financial goals.
to economic security and growth and to maintaining and improving the quality of people’s lives. A robust, efficient electricity grid is also vital to our sustainability.
Our Strategy for Success
Times of change and uncertainty also bring new opportunities. We have a clear, four-part strategy to manage our risks so that we are ready to seize new opportunities to deliver shareholder value and meet our customers’ needs during these dynamic times. Our focus is on execut- ing that plan. We face formidable challenges, as we have many times in the past, but we are confident that we will emerge a stronger and more successful company.
Our strategy is our competitive advantage as we build a more sus- tainable company, enhanced by strategic investments and good man-
autonomy at the local level to enable better, more locally attuned business decisions.
The second part of our strategy is to reposition our generation assets for a more sustainable fuel mix. Several factors are driving us in this direction, including new environmental regulations; the econom- ics of coal versus natural gas; the operating cost, age and efficiency of some coal units; increased competition; and grid reliability. We will retire more than 5,100 megawatts ( MW ) of coal-fired generation and retrofit nearly 11,000 MW with new, advanced pollution controls or upgrade existing control equipment. Additional coal-fired generation may be refueled with natural gas.
Even as we add more natural gas to our portfolio, coal will con- tinue to be a critical resource. The startup in January 2012 of the 580- MW Dresden combined-cycle gas plant in Ohio, and completion of the 600-MW coal-fueled John W. Turk Jr. Plant in Arkansas later this year, reflect this move toward a sustainable balance. We are advocating for the regulatory flexibility to minimize both the cost burden of this transi- tion on our customers and the economic impact on our communities, while achieving the desired environmental outcomes.
    2 2012 AEP Corporate Accountability Report

The third part of our strategy is to grow our short- and long-term earnings through our transmission business. We are changing our strat- egy regarding transmission; in the near term, our new AEP transmis- sion companies will invest more than $2 billion during the next four years on projects to enhance our transmission system.
Our long-term transmission strategy includes development of larger interstate projects through our joint ventures across the country. Larger projects can create benefits for customers. As regional grids are upgraded or connected to new lines, access to energy improves. This results in better reliability, greater availability of renewable energy, and downward pressure on prices.
The fourth part of our strategy is to create a robust competitive retail business that can reduce business risk while providing significant growth potential. Customer switching has become a growing concern, financially and operationally, in Ohio. The creation of AEP Retail Energy and the acquisition of BlueStar Energy Holdings Inc. strengthen our
fuel mix and address aging plants and facilities across our system. This will be costly and require rate increases, which affects our customers. Our tasks are made all the more difficult, lengthy and expensive by
the lack of a comprehensive national energy policy. Our industry must deal with and try to reconcile uncoordinated and often conflicting policy and regulatory decisions emanating from different federal agencies or from the many state and local agencies that have oversight. Some of this conflict is inevitable, but much of it creates unnecessary confusion, delay and costs that are borne by customers and shareholders.
The ambiguity around issues such as proposed environmental regulations and the transition in Ohio to a competitive market are good examples of the challenges we face. We need a clearer path forward in the future to make the decisions and investments we now face.
The lack of coordination among federal and state regulators is a matter of increasing concern for our shareholders, our customers and our communities. We have spent much time and effort to ensure that
www.AEPsustainability.com
 Ongoing Earnings Per Share History
Compound Annual Growth Rate = 2.41%
($/share) ($/share)
2006 $ 2.77 2006 2007 $ 3.00 2007 2008   $ 3.24 2008 2009 $ 2.97 2009 2010 $ 3.03 2010
AEP Dividend History
Compound Annual Growth Rate = 3.84%
($/share)
2006   $1.50
2007   $1.58 2008   $1.64 2009   $1.64 2010   $1.71 2011   $1.85
2012   $1.88* * Current annual rate subject to board of directors approval.
Earnings Per Share History (GAAP) Compound Annual Growth Rate = 9.62%
$ 2.54 $ 2.73 $ 3.43 $ 2.96 $ 2.53
         2011   $ 3.12
2011   $ 4.02
ability to compete in Ohio as well as other competitive markets and provide customers with customized products and services from a com- petitive platform.
This is an ambitious strategy and it will not be an easy road to travel, but I am confident that we have the right game plan, a strong operating model and the talent to execute our plan and achieve our financial goals. As with all of our commitments, we will hold ourselves accountable for results.
New Risks, New Opportunities
We face new realities and a challenging transition, both as an industry and as a company. But I am confident we will navigate this transition successfully. We must manage a combination of economic, business, social, environmental, political and regulatory risks at the federal, state and local levels. These include a slower-than-expected economic re- covery; intense competition in the competitive parts of our business; and burdensome government regulations that will necessitate the pre- mature retirement of coal-fired generating units in six states, causing further economic hardship. We must, at the same time, diversify our
our state regulators and legislators know about national policies that affect our customers and their constituents.
Our need for clarity about energy policy is made even more urgent because, unlike most private-sector companies, the prices we and other electric utilities can charge our customers, and the returns we can earn on our investments, are determined by state and federal regulators. If we make investments and are not allowed to recover our costs or earn a reasonable rate of return on those investments, the company’s earnings suffer and our shareholders may lose value.
We stepped forward as a clear leader in our industry on cer- tain environmental issues, such as climate change and greenhouse gas reductions, because we believe in the importance and potential long-term benefit of developing solutions such as carbon capture and storage. Unfortunately, our efforts were penalized when regulators re- jected our request to recover the cost of those investments. We took a $76 million write-off, for example, on our carbon capture and storage projects in West Virginia. We still believe there will be benefits from our work in developing this technology, but we can’t afford to move ahead with it at this time.
2012 AEP Corporate Accountability Report 3

A Message from the President & CEO
Market Changes
Our shift to natural gas and other resources reflects a market change. A key factor is the recent development of massive shale gas forma- tions throughout the United States, which places downward pressure on natural gas prices. In fact, natural gas prices have been consistently low for the past two years. Another significant factor is the prospect of major environmental compliance investments in coal units, driving up the cost of coal-fired electricity.
By 2020, we estimate natural gas will account for 27 percent of AEP’s generating capacity, compared with 24 percent today. At the same time, we expect our coal capacity to decrease to about 50 per- cent of our total capacity by 2020, compared with 67 percent in 2011. The remainder of our fuel portfolio will consist of nuclear, renewables, hydro and pumped storage and energy efficiency. This effort to create a more sustainable balance of our generation assets will be challeng- ing and expensive but will provide long-term fuel stability and allow us
for AEP. However, this all depends on regulatory support for our smart grid investments.
In 2008, we set an aggressive goal to install 5 million smart meters by the end of 2015. Unfortunately, a combination of factors slowed this effort. We found that regulators are reluctant to allow rate increases associated with these new technologies, especially in a difficult econ- omy. We also learned that it takes time for customers to adapt to com- pletely new ways of thinking about how they use electricity. Through 2011, we have deployed more than 612,000 smart meters, along with many other smart grid technologies and customer programs. We will continue to pursue our existing gridSMART® objectives and expand where and when regulators give us the go-ahead.
Addressing Climate Change
Although global climate change has lost ground politically in the United States, we continue to reduce carbon dioxide emissions. Many aspects
    “I am personally dedicated to eliminating injuries;
this is what we seek to accomplish through our focus on zero harm. I know it can be done because many of our business units have proven that it can.”
Historical & Projected Environmental Investments ($ in thousands)
2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014
Estimated Estimated Estimated
$ 457,200 $ 303,800 $ 186,800 $510,700 $ 999,000
$1,100,000
      to adapt to the major upcoming market and operational changes.
Modernizing Our Grid
Upgrading to a smart grid is no longer a luxury; it is an important step toward a more efficient energy delivery system that can meet custom- ers’ needs now and in the future. Through our gridSMART® initiative, AEP is preparing to meet these challenges with a comprehensive undertaking that will redefine the way we operate our distribution grid and revolutionize how we interact with customers. With distribu- tion grid technology, AEP is improving reliability and service restoration for customers.
We have proven that we can achieve substantial energy efficiency without affecting customers through the use of voltage management on our grid. Our smart meters are enabling two-way communication with our customers, sending them price signals that allow them to make more informed decisions about their energy use. Smart appliances and other technologies such as plug-in electric vehicles will provide excit- ing new options for customers. All of these advancements will result in energy and cost savings for customers and business opportunities
of our business strategy will help lower AEP’s greenhouse gas emis- sions even further. Limiting emissions of greenhouse gases is a global challenge that requires a global solution. AEP is committed to being part of that solution through effective environmental stewardship.
Our goal is to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions by 10 percent from 2010 levels by 2020. We will meet or exceed this goal as we retire coal-fired units. Every coal-derived megawatt-hour we replace with natural gas will reduce our greenhouse gas emissions by about 50 percent. Even so, we anticipate that, ultimately, we will need to address the carbon emissions of natural gas. Technology development and deployment will be an important part of the solution.
Meaningful Relationships Foster Informed Decision Making
We truly value the working relationships we have developed with our many stakeholders over the years. We have invested time and effort to earn their trust and respect by being honest and straightforward about our thoughts, strategies, actions and impacts. We seek to collaborate, not only with customers and community leaders, but also with envi- ronmental and consumer advocates, on a range of issues including cli-
4 2012 AEP Corporate Accountability Report
   
mate change, environmental regulations, reliability concerns, the cost of electricity and energy efficiency.
Although we have not always shared common objectives with regard to environmental or other issues, we have held many discus- sions and have listened and tried to work cooperatively, with candor and in good faith. During the last two years, we have had some sharp disagreements and pointed conversations about the appropriate bal- ance between economic development and reliability issues on the one hand, and environmental regulations on the other. As a consequence, some of our stakeholders engaged in an anti-AEP campaign.
We were the first electric company to unveil our plan for compli- ance with proposed environmental regulations. We openly shared our concerns about reliability, the potential loss of jobs, and other adverse economic effects that premature plant retirements would have on com- munities in our service territory, especially in a struggling economy.
While we remain at odds with some stakeholders and are disap- pointed in the atmosphere surrounding these relationships, we value
seek to accomplish through our focus on zero harm. I know it can be done because many of our business units have proven that it can, by working without incident, year-in and year-out. This dedication to safety and health is the reason our overall performance has improved during the past several years. We are very proud of their commitment and honor them accordingly.
Beyond safety, our future depends on a skilled work force that can quickly respond to the changing landscape around us, including the need for additional or new skills for the future. Work force planning is important to ensure we have the talent we’ll need to run the company and compete aggressively in the years ahead. Although we are more focused on retention than hiring right now, we must be thoughtful and strategic about preparing our work force for the future.
Final Thoughts
Succeeding Mike Morris as CEO is an enormous challenge and privi- lege. Mike’s leadership has left an indelible imprint on the stature of our company within the industry and the business community, and on AEP’s culture. AEP is a better, stronger company because of him. I am humbled and honored to succeed Mike in his role.
The longest-serving member of our board is leaving us this year. Dr. Lester A. Hudson, Jr., who was elected to the AEP Board of Direc- tors in December 1987, is retiring. Les has brought years of business leadership experience and, more recently, academic experience to his service on behalf of AEP. His wise counsel, especially on governance issues, has been invaluable. Les has served as the board’s lead director since the post was instituted in 2003. He will be sorely missed.
In addition to delivering on our strategy and addressing the many challenges before us, we have many new opportunities ahead. This is an exciting time for our industry and for AEP. Change is not easy for any organization and sustainable transformation is perhaps the hardest change of all. But we are committed to being candid, straightforward, trustworthy and collaborative.
Knowing our leadership team and the men and women of AEP, I know that we are up to these challenges. We welcome your thoughts and suggestions, and we will continue to work to earn your support. With that, I firmly believe that we will continue to have a very bright future together.
Thank you for your interest in American Electric Power. Sincerely,
Nicholas K. Akins
President & Chief Executive Officer April 2012
AEP Total Shareholder Return
www.AEPsustainability.com
  2008
2006 2007
2009 2010 2011
– 25.4%
19.6% 13.1%
10.4% 8.7% 20.8%
    continued engagement because we believe it leads to better decisions. I have reached out to our stakeholders many times and will continue to do so. We remain far apart on some fundamental issues, but my per- sonal commitment and that of our senior leadership is to find common ground so that we can move forward. I sincerely hope our stakeholders are also willing to stay engaged with us.
Our People, Our Future
Finally, and most importantly, I am deeply grateful for our employees’ personal dedication to serving our customers and for the mutual care and respect they demonstrate. When power outages occur, our line crews and customer service teams are committed to restoring service as safely and efficiently as possible. While doing so, they look out for each other to ensure everyone goes home safely at the end of their shift. There is nothing more important to me, to our leadership and to our employees than the safety, health and well-being of our work force.
We suffered together when one of our employees and three of our contractors lost their lives while on the job in 2011. These are immeasurable losses for their loved ones, their colleagues and for AEP. These tragic events are a reminder to me and to everyone at AEP of the importance of having strong safety and health systems to ensure we manage the risks we face on the job.
 I am personally dedicated to eliminating injuries; this is what we
2012 AEP Corporate Accountability Report 5
