 Our planned capital projects will help meet growing customer demand while also encouraging energy efficiency.
BLUEPRINT FOR GROWTH
American Electric Power
2
Dear fellow shareholders:
American Electric Power delivered outstanding results in 2007. The company’s earnings, and your dividend, both increased. We had some notable regulatory successes. And we made progress on projects, and proposed
new ones, that will support our earnings growth while enhancing delivery of a very fundamental product to customers across our 11 states and beyond.
The people of AEP worked hard and, most importantly, safely during 2007 to provide reliable, affordable service to our customers. For the first time in a decade and only the second time in 37 years, no AEP employee lost his or her life while on the job.
We are confident that AEP is on the path to sustained growth, to the benefit of our investors and all stakehold- ers. Capital investment in our generation and energy delivery businesses will lead the way, supported by a regulatory strategy focused on meeting customer needs and providing solid returns to our shareholders.
Our planned capital projects will help meet growing customer demand while also encouraging energy efficiency. They will mitigate environmental risks and address concerns about global warming. And they will support the need for a more robust and reliable interstate energy transmission network. AEP’s continued industry leadership in technological innovation will underpin these investments.
A strong balance sheet, stable credit profile, favorable dividend yield and diligent cost management will support our earnings strategy.
While factors beyond our control could affect our plans, we believe the path to sustained growth is before us. We are well on our way.
Outstanding 2007 Results, Favorable Prospects
Our earnings grew substantially last year. AEP’s ongoing earnings totaled $3.00 per share in 2007, at the top of our earnings guidance range for the year and up a full 8.3 percent from $2.77 in 2006. As-reported earnings,

 prepared according to Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), were $2.73 in 2007 compared with $2.54 in 2006.
Implementation of new rates in five of our 11 states,
more favorable weather and continued efficient operation of our utilities are largely responsible for the earnings improvement. Our Commercial Operations organization also boosted our results through new long-term power- supply agreements with municipal electric systems and rural electric cooperatives and profitable performance in off-system sales.
AEP’s share price rose 9.4 percent last year. We provided a total shareholder return, including cash dividends on our common stock, of 13.1 percent. While total return to AEP shareholders declined from 18.8 percent in 2006, our 2007 return greatly outpaced that of the broader market.
For the third consecutive year, our board rewarded you with an increase in the quarterly dividend on our common stock. The 5.1 percent increase, to 41 cents per share,
took effect in December 2007. Our dividend yield is approximately 4 percent.
We anticipate strong earnings in 2008 despite the uncertain impact of the overall U.S. economic downturn. In fact, in January we raised our ongoing earnings-per- share projections for this year. We forecast growth of
5 percent to 9 percent annually through the end of the decade. Our projected ongoing earnings per share are $3.10 to $3.30 for 2008, $3.20 to $3.50 for 2009 and $3.45 to $3.80 for 2010.
AEP’s capital investment in utility infrastructure rose
to approximately $3.9 billion in 2007 from about $3.5 billion the previous year. The 2007 total includes nearly $1.5 billion invested in our generating fleet, including expenditures to build and purchase additional generation resources; approximately $1 billion for improvements
to our environmental performance and more than $1.3 billion invested in our energy transmission and distribution system.
We forecast growth of 5 percent to 9 percent annually through the end of the decade.
2007 Annual Report to Shareholders
3

 4
We forecast a capital investment
of roughly $3.8 billion in 2008. Debt issuances and cash from operations typically fund the bulk of these projects.
One of our most important financial goals is to maintain our current credit ratings. This keeps our financing costs low and improves our access to capital.
Shareholder Return
favorable step toward building the proposed 600-megawatt Turk Plant was
a major victory for us. We were not as fortunate when a similar plant proposal was denied in Oklahoma, so we are exploring alternatives to meet the growing demand for electricity for our Public Service Company of Oklahoma (PSO) customers.
Another goal is to keep our debt ratio below 60 percent of total capitalization. Our debt on Dec. 31, 2007, accounted for 58.5 percent of total capitalization on a credit-adjusted basis.
The Road to Regulatory Success
We continue to reap the benefits of the changes made in 2004 to move decision-making authority closer to our customers, regulators and other stakeholders. I firmly believe that AEP’s regulatory success in 2007 can be traced to this change.
Regulators in Arkansas last fall approved construction of an ultra-supercritical, coal-fired baseload generating plant that will serve our Southwestern Electric Power Company (SWEPCO) customers. This plant, named
after long-serving SWEPCO president John W. Turk,
will be the first ultra-supercritical plant built in the U.S., continuing AEP’s long tradition of generation technology advancement. Ultra-supercritical coal generation
offers greater efficiency and emission reductions than conventional supercritical pulverized coal technology. Additional regulatory approvals are required, but this
AEP is among the lowest-cost providers in the regions we serve, even with approval of higher rates in some jurisdictions. We increased rates by $352 million through regulatory activity in 2007 and already have secured $390 million of the $518 million in rate changes targeted for 2008.
We are striving to reduce the lag between when we invest capital and when that investment is factored into our rate base.
Pending legislation in Ohio that would change how the state’s electric utility industry is regulated is of particular significance to us because Ohio accounts for nearly one-third of AEP’s retail revenues. It will directly impact the ability of our Ohio utility units, Ohio Power Company and Columbus Southern Power Company, to recover generation costs after 2008.
The Route to Greater Sustainability
We are increasingly focused on sustainability while safely providing reliable, cost-effective service to customers and value to shareholders.
AEP’s second Corporate Sustainability Report, to be produced later this spring, will address our sustainability efforts in detail. It will be accessible at AEP.com.
By the end of 2007, we had completed more than two-thirds of the $5.4 billion program we began in 2004 to reduce emissions of sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxide, mercury and particulates from our existing coal-fired generating fleet. Low-cost, coal-fueled generation
Fuel Diversity
Coal/Lignite 68%
Natural Gas 23%
Nuclear 6%
Wind, Hydro & Pumped Storage 3%
19.4%
S&P 500 Utilities Index
13.1%
5.5%
AEP S&P 500 Index
American Electric Power

 AEP’s barge operations transport coal for AEP and also move coal and other commodities for outside customers. Here, deckhand Jeremy Turner works on a barge on the Ohio River.
5

 Our emissions-reduction investments We are seeking regulatory approval to build a
extend the life of our coal facilities. 629-megawatt Integrated Gasification Combined Cycle
generating unit in West Virginia and another in Ohio.
ROAD MAP FOR A SECURE FUTURE
American Electric Power
6
Harry D. Mattison Plant
represents 68 percent of our total generating capacity. We are one of the largest users of coal in the Western Hemisphere.
Our emissions-reduction investments extend the life of our coal facilities and prevent the need to prematurely retire and replace thousands of megawatts of power plants, which would cause our customers’ electricity prices to increase significantly.
But we still need a certain amount of new generation
to meet growing demand. We built the 340-megawatt, natural gas-fired Harry D. Mattison Plant in Arkansas in record time last year. During 2008, we plan to complete construction of 340 megawatts of natural gas generation in Oklahoma and begin work on another 1,100 megawatts in Louisiana and Arkansas. We also will start construction on a partially completed natural gas plant of 580 megawatts in Ohio that we purchased last year.
This gas-fired generation will be used mainly when electricity demand is higher than average. Natural gas accounts for 23 percent of our generating capacity.
We remain committed to Integrated Gasification Combined Cycle (IGCC) clean-coal technology. We are seeking regulatory approval to build a 629-megawatt IGCC unit in West Virginia and another in Ohio. A decision is expected soon in West Virginia, while a legal challenge related to cost recovery and the outcome of potential regulation in Ohio have delayed the process in that state.

 We expect carbon capture, advanced storage technologies and demand-side management and energy efficiency initiatives to contribute to reducing our greenhouse gas emissions.
Part of IGCC’s attraction is its ability to lower carbon dioxide (CO2) and other emissions and accommodate future capture of CO2 at lower capital cost and with lower efficiency losses than conventional coal technologies.
Federal proposals to address CO2 are being considered in Congress. We believe the U.S. should move forward with reasonable, economy-wide carbon control legislation. We endorsed the “Low Carbon Economy Act” legislation proposed by Sen. Jeff Bingaman (D-N.M.) and Sen. Arlen Specter (R-Pa.) because it recognizes the role coal plays in our nation’s energy independence. Global warming
is a global issue, and we support the U.S. taking a leadership position to develop an international approach that addresses growing emissions from all nations. We strongly believe that other nations need to join this effort or the feared environmental changes will go on unabated.
AEP has taken part in policy discussions about global warming since the early 1990s. We were the first and largest U.S. utility to join the Chicago Climate Exchange (CCX), the first voluntary, legally binding greenhouse
gas (GHG) emissions reduction and trading program on the continent. Since 2003, AEP has reduced or offset approximately 40 million metric tons of GHG emissions.
Over the long term, we expect carbon capture, advanced storage technologies and demand-side management and energy efficiency initiatives to contribute to reducing our GHG emissions while helping to meet increasing customer demand for electricity.
Last spring, we announced plans to install carbon-capture systems on two coal-fired plants, the first scale-up of experimental technologies to reduce CO2 emissions from existing plants. We are partnering with Alstom, Battelle and Babcock & Wilcox on these projects.
One of the technologies, using Alstom’s chilled ammonia process, is targeted for installation on a small scale (20 megawatts) on our Mountaineer Plant in West Virginia in 2009 and will be scaled up to commercial operation at our 450-megawatt Northeastern Station in Oklahoma in 2012.
2007 Annual Report to Shareholders
7

 8
A highly skilled work force is key to the efficient, reliable operation of AEP’s energy delivery facilities. Here, Ben Johannsen, journeyman line mechanic with Public Service Company of Oklahoma, works with a crew preparing to install a new distribution pole.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          The CO2 captured in West Virginia will be stored on site, nearly two miles underground. In Oklahoma, the captured CO2 will be used for enhanced oil recovery.
We also plan to expand our use of large-scale battery technology. Last year, we established the goal of having 1,000 megawatts of advanced storage capacity on our system in the next decade. And we are exploring ways to reduce customer demand by 1,000 megawatts by 2012 through energy efficiency initiatives.
In addition, we have agreed to purchase some 4.6
million carbon credits between 2010 and 2017 from Environmental Credit Corporation as part of the first large- scale livestock methane offset program in the nation.
Increased use of renewable energy is another component of our strategy to reduce GHG emissions. We use about 800 megawatts of wind generation in our western footprint and have contracted for 275 megawatts in our eastern footprint, our first use of wind in that region. We have committed to adding a total of 1,000 megawatts of wind in the East by 2011. Wind and hydroelectric power account for 3 percent of our generating capacity, but we expect that figure to grow in the coming decades.
Because of the substantial lead time required for
nuclear energy additions, we are evaluating the potential of new nuclear as a baseload option for some of our future capacity needs. Our D.C. Cook nuclear plant, which represents 6 percent of AEP’s generating capacity, continues to deliver exemplary performance. We increased the capacity of both Cook units by replacing certain components and achieving other efficiency gains during major planned outages in 2006 and 2007. Additional projects are planned that will further boost capacity over the next 10 years.
AEP was among 10 global companies and the only U.S. electric utility to work on the World Business Council for Sustainable Development’s Electricity Utilities Sector Project in 2007. The project goals are to identify technological solutions to global warming and to call for
public policies promoting their development.
We are also helping our suppliers with their sustainability efforts. Last summer, AEP became the first electric
utility to commit to being a “corporate champion” in the Green Suppliers Network program, a joint effort of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and U.S. Department of Commerce. And we committed to investing at least $100 million over five years to demonstrate “green” building technologies and support development of public green spaces and environmental education as a signatory to the Clinton Global Initiative.
Shareholders, customers and the environment will benefit from a settlement AEP reached last fall with the EPA, the U.S. Department of Justice and other parties, ending nearly eight years of litigation regarding alleged Clean Air Act violations. All claims against AEP were released. The potentially significant financial risk of continuing to pursue the litigation has disappeared, and we agreed to additional environmental improvements at some of our coal-fired power plants.
Significant Wires Investment Planned
Transmission
AEP has long recognized that a robust transmission system is critical to the reliability of the U.S. electricity grid, as well as to economic growth, national security and the efficiency of wholesale power markets. Our company was the first to develop 765-kilovolt (kV) extra-high voltage transmission. We intend to use that expertise and our existing 765-kV infrastructure to create future investment opportunities.
We are advancing development of a national interstate transmission system through several projects announced or launched with partners in recent months. Such
a system requires regulatory policies that promote transmission investment – including policies for allocating and recovering the associated costs.
Our transmission business strategy calls for significant investment in AEP’s service territory and formation of
2007 Annual Report to Shareholders
 9

 We intend to use our expertise in 765-kilovolt transmission, and our existing infrastructure, to create future investment opportunities.
VISION OF TRANSMISSION ‘INTERSTATE’
American Electric Power
10
alliances with others to invest outside of our traditional footprint to allow solid investment growth in this much- needed area.
AEP is moving forward with the first phase of its I-765 TM proposal announced in early 2006 for a 550-mile, 765-kV line extending from West Virginia to New Jersey. The line will lower congestion costs and transmission line losses within the PJM Interconnection, thereby saving customers millions of dollars. PJM oversees reliability of the grid in 13 eastern and Midwest states.
In 2007, AEP and Allegheny Energy formed a joint venture, Potomac-Appalachian Transmission Highline LLC (PATH), to construct the first 290 miles of the proposed I-765 line, from West Virginia into Maryland. The projected cost is $1.8 billion. PJM says the line needs to be in service by mid-2012 to address reliability concerns in the region. PATH was awarded incentive rates for the project.
Pending PJM’s approval of the second leg of the I-765 project, we plan to seek a business partner to construct
that section of the line.
In December 2007, Texas regulators approved our joint venture with MidAmerican Energy Holdings Company, called Electric Transmission Texas LLC (ETT). This new entity will design, build and operate transmission within the Electric Reliability Council of Texas (ERCOT). The ERCOT grid must be expanded to ensure reliability, meet growing demand and support growth of renewable generation.
We also have formed another joint venture with MidAmerican, Electric Transmission America LLC (ETA), to invest in transmission projects of 345 kV or higher in North America outside of ERCOT. We hope to start the approval process for the first ETA project by mid-2008.
AEP continues to pursue the potential for extending
our 765-kV system into Michigan’s Lower Peninsula. A
joint study conducted with ITC Holdings Corporation recommends building three segments of 765-kV transmission totaling some 700 miles. Transmission projects in the Southwest Power Pool, where our PSO and SWEPCO territories are located, also are on the drawing board.

 DisTriBUTion
Enhancements to AEP’s electricity distribution system continue throughout our service territory as well.
We have developed an alliance with GE Energy on a multi-year plan to use advanced technologies to give customers more control over their energy usage and costs while improving system reliability. The gridSMART SM initiative will provide data to help us boost efficiency and reduce duration of customer outages.
We expect that Oklahoma regulators this year will consider whether to accelerate funding for PSO’s conversion of certain overhead lines to underground service. The conversion, which was approved by the Oklahoma Corporation Commission to improve reliability, began in 2005 and already has provided substantial customer benefits.
Our employees and contractors deserve recognition for their efforts to restore service in the wake of Oklahoma’s crippling ice storms in January and December last year. Hundreds of thousands of PSO customers were affected.
I cannot say enough about the dedication and sacrifice of our people who performed the restoration work.
Edison Electric Institute (EEI), the association of investor- owned electric utilities, honored PSO with its Emergency Recovery Award for 2007.
AEP also received EEI’s Emergency Assistance Award for helping 10 other utility companies to restore electric service to their customers after weather-related outage events last year.
Safety: Progress Made, More Needed
I mentioned our noteworthy safety achievement of no em- ployee fatalities in 2007 earlier in this letter. We aspire to a safety culture of zero fatalities and zero harm. We haven’t reached that goal but will continue our quest.
It is with regret that I note the passing of four contract employees working on behalf of AEP last year – two in Ohio and one each in Indiana and Texas. Our condolences go out to their families.
2007 Annual Report to Shareholders
11

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Six AEP employees have received the Chairman’s
Life Saving Award in the past year. Five members of a SWEPCO line crew – Rob Gary, Brandon Guyll, Rex Kell, Richard King and Troy Merle – alerted a young mother that the roof of her home was on fire, then helped
to extinguish the fire while aiding her and her baby. Jonathan Fazekas, a meter reader for PSO, rescued a woman who was being attacked by a pack of dogs.
The Chairman’s Life Saving Award was introduced in 2004 to recognize our employees’ extraordinary efforts to help people in life-threatening circumstances.
Transitions
I’m pleased to note that Thomas Hoaglin was elected to our Board of Directors in December. Tom is chairman and chief executive officer of Huntington Bancshares Inc. and a major participant in community improvement in the Central Ohio area. The management and financial insight he can bring to our board will be invaluable.
Three directors are retiring from their service on
the AEP Board – Robert Fri, William (W.R.) Howell and Donald Smith. Each has brought specific skills and strengths to our efforts. And each will be sorely missed for many reasons.
Don joined our board in 1994 and has chaired the Policy Committee since 2005. Bob has been a board member since 1995 and chaired the Policy Committee from 1999 to 2004. W.R. had served on the boards of both Central & South West and AEP since 1997 and had chaired
the Finance Committee since 2004. We extend our deep appreciation and best wishes to this trio of true gentlemen, who have given more to us than we could ever give to them.
We had a number of organizational and executive leadership changes in recent months to support our
strategic and executive-succession goals. Carl English was named to the new post of chief operating officer, and Susan Tomasky assumed the new role of president, AEP Transmission. Bob Powers advanced to president, AEP Utilities; Brian Tierney to executive vice president, AEP East Utilities; and Dennis Welch to executive vice president, Environment, Safety & Health and Facilities.
The board and I are very dedicated to expanding the experience base of our younger executives so that AEP can continue to serve our shareholders and provide our customers with cost-effective electricity well into
the future.
The Path to Sustained Growth
We accomplished much in 2007, and we refined and expanded our blueprint for what we want to accomplish in the future. As always, our employees across 11 states have been “front and center” in making this happen, and they will continue to be.
The path to sustained growth will be challenging, but we believe it also will be very rewarding. We look forward to our customers, our employees and our other stakeholders – including you, our valued investors – sharing in the benefits of the path we are pursuing.
Let me close by saying that this is who we are: a company that relit Tulsa, Oklahoma, in record time; one whose employees saved a woman’s life by rescuing
her from a house fire; and one that supports and fosters sustainability and diversity. I’m proud of the responsibility of leading this fine company and am humbled by it.
Michael G. Morris
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 3, 2008
 American Electric Power
 12
