 CHAIRMAN AND CEO LETTER TO AES SHAREHOLDERS
AES ANNUAL REPORT 2014
   In 2014, we made significant progress on our strategy and continued to position our company for the future. During
the year, we saw some near-term macro challenges that are extending into 2015, such as the widespread weakening of commodities and foreign currencies in the latter half of 2014 and negative investor sentiment towards exposure to countries outside the United States. Specific to AES, in Bulgaria, collections at our Maritza plant have been affected by the weak liquidity position of our offtaker, the government-owned utility.
Executive Leadership Team
 These headwinds contributed to the underperformance of our stock price, which yielded a total return of -3.8%, versus the S&P Utilities Index +29.0%. We are disappointed in the performance of our stock, which does not reflect the continued strong execution of our strategy to increase risk-adjusted returns to our shareholders. Our key achievements in 2014 included:
• Adjusted Earnings Per Share (EPS)1 of $1.30 and Proportional Free Cash Flow (FCF)1 of $891 million
• Returned 76% of discretionary cash to shareholders
• Increased our quarterly dividend by 100%, to $0.10 per share, beginning in the first quarter of 2015
• Invested $916 million in our balance sheet, by repurchasing shares as well as prepaying and refinancing debt
• Closed ten transactions for $1.8 billion in equity proceeds from asset sales
• Brought in four strategic partners to invest $1.9 billion in our subsidiaries at very attractive valuations
• Achieved goal of reducing global G&A expenses by $200 million one year early
• Capitalized on our existing footprint — broke ground on six new platform expansion projects, totaling 2,226 MW, expected to come on-line through 2018
• Awarded long-term Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs) by Southern California Edison (SCE), for 1,284 MW of combined cycle gas-fired generation and 100 MW of battery-based energy storage
1 A non-GAAP financial measure. See Financial Notes on Page 7 for definition and reconciliation.
3

 ASSET SALE PROCEEDS ($ IN MILLIONS)
$900 $1,134
$2,976
2012 2013 2014
      AES ANNUAL REPORT 2014
  CAPACITY ADDITIONS (MW) 2015   1,525
CREATING VALUE 2011-2014
Since late 2011, we have shown that we can successfully deliver on our strategic goals and during 2014, we extended our progress.
Reducing Complexity
By exiting businesses and markets where we do not have a competitive advantage, we simplified our portfolio and reduced risk. Over the past three years, we have raised $3 billion in equity proceeds from asset sales, decreasing the total number of countries where we have operations from 28 to 18. We exited several of these markets, including Ukraine, Turkey and Africa, at opportune times, as asset values in these markets have declined since we closed these transactions.
Leveraging Our Platforms
We are focusing our growth on platform expansions, including adjacencies, in markets where we already operate and have a competitive advantage to realize attractive risk-adjusted returns. We currently have 7,141 MW under construction — the most in AES’ 34-year history. These projects represent $9 billion in total capital expenditures, with the majority of AES’ $1.5 billion in equity already funded. We are expecting all of these new projects to come on-line through 2018, contributing a targeted return on our equity of more than 15%.
Beyond the projects we currently have under construction, we will continue to advance select projects from our 12,000 MW development pipeline. This includes traditional power plant expansions and adjacencies, such as energy storage and
2016 2017 2018
4,497 desalination. Adjacencies add near-term growth and are replicable across our
  5,290 7,141
portfolio. We’re already successful — AES is the world leader in battery-based energy storage, with 228 MW of resources in operation or under construction.
• AES has the most comprehensive and accomplished fleet of battery-based energy storage in the world
• U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA) forecasts 28,000 MW of new renewable capacity in the next ten years and 82,000 MW of power plant retirements over the same period
— Energy storage can serve as a replacement resource, to absorb renewable energy
• AES Advancion is a complete battery-based grid resource offered to utility companies and renewable developers
— Tailored to specific market needs in terms of power and duration
We recently reached a major milestone on one of our large development
projects, when in November 2014, Southern California Edison (SCE) awarded AES 20-year PPAs, to provide 1,384 MW of combined cycle gas-fired generation and interconnected battery-based energy storage, replacing some of our existing capacity in the Los Angeles basin. In addition to replacing older gas-fired plants with more efficient gas-fired capacity, SCE chose advanced energy storage as a cost effective way to ensure critical power system reliability. This new storage resource will provide unmatched operational flexibility, enabling the most efficient dispatch of other generating plants, lowering cost and emissions and supporting the on-going addition of renewable power sources.
       4

AES ANNUAL REPORT 2014
 Performance Excellence
We strive to be the low-cost manager of a portfolio of international energy assets and to derive synergies and scale from our businesses. We have reduced our global G&A by $200 million, achieving the goal we established in 2011 one year early.
Expanding Access to Capital
We have raised $2.5 billion in proceeds to AES, by building strategic and financial partnerships at the project and business level. Through these partnerships, we aim to optimize our risk-adjusted returns in our existing businesses and growth projects. By selling down portions of certain businesses, we can refine our global exposure to commodity, fuel, country and other macroeconomic risks. Partial sell-downs of our assets can serve to highlight the value of businesses in our portfolio and uplift AES’ overall returns. In 2014, we brought in partners at four of our businesses:
• La Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec (CDPQ), a long-term institutional investor headquartered in Québec, Canada, recently purchased direct and indirect interests in IPALCO, the Parent Company of Indianapolis Power & Light Company (IPL) in Indiana. We look forward to working with CDPQ on additional partnering opportunities in the U.S. and other select countries in the Americas.
• At Guacolda in Chile, we brought in Global Infrastructure Partners (GIP) to acquire a 50% stake, allowing us to improve operations without changing our ownership stake.
• At Masinloc in the Philippines, Electricity Generating Company Limited (EGCO), a Thailand-based Independent Power Producer, took an indirect stake in the existing business, as well as potential expansion opportunities. AES and EGCO agreed to use the Masinloc platform as their exclusive vehicle for growth in the Philippines.
• At AES Dominicana in the Dominican Republic, we sold a minority interest in
the business to the Estrella and Linda Groups, valuing our assets in the country
at $1.2 billion. Estrella and Linda Groups represent a strong local player and will support our planned platform expansions, such as upgrading our Dominican Power Partners (DPP) plant in the Dominican Republic.
Allocating Capital in a Disciplined Manner
Our top priority is to maximize risk-adjusted returns to our shareholders, which we achieve by investing our discretionary cash and recycling the capital we receive from asset sales and strategic partnerships. In 2014, we generated substantial cash by executing on our strategy, which we allocated in line with our capital allocation framework:
• We invested $608 million to prepay and refinance Parent debt;
• We returned $452 million to shareholders through share repurchases and a quarterly dividend; and
• We invested $327 million in our subsidiaries, largely for projects that are currently under construction.
PROCEEDS FROM PARTNERSHIPS ($ IN MILLIONS)
2013   $609 2014
  $2,459
   5
 COST REDUCTIONS ($ IN MILLIONS)
$90 $143
$200
2012 2013 2014
       CAPITAL ALLOCATION FOR 2014 ($ IN MILLIONS)
 $608
$327
$507
$308
$144
Closing Cash Balance: $507 Completed Share Buyback: $308 Shareholder Dividend: $144 Investments in Subsidiaries: $327 Debt Prepayment & Refinancing: $608
TOTAL OF $1,894 MILLION IN DISCRETIONARY CASH
        
AES ANNUAL REPORT 2014
 AES was named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) for North America for the first time ever and
was ranked in the top quartile for sustainability among all electric utilities assessed by RobecoSAM
AES received a Top Workplaces distinction from The Washington Post
In 2014, the impact that AES’ values have on our people and our operations are clearly visible — we have seen improvements in all of our safety metrics and experienced no AES people fatalities. Further, AES and many of our businesses around the world were recognized for excellence in the following categories: customer service; sustainability and Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR); best places to work; safety and the environment; and operational excellence.
In September 2011, two of the longer-term goals we set out for ourselves were to be ranked in the top quartile for sustainability and to be ranked as a best place to work. Only three years later, in 2014, we achieved both of these goals:
• AES was named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) for North America for the first time ever and was ranked in the top quartile for sustainability among all electric utilities assessed by RobecoSAM
• AES received a Top Workplaces distinction from The Washington Post PULLING ALL LEVERS TO ACHIEVE RESULTS
2014 was a year of many achievements for AES, despite facing headwinds,
such as continued poor hydrological conditions in Latin America. Based on our accomplishments over the last three years and our unprecedented pipeline of already largely funded construction projects, we remain confident in our strong and growing cash flow. To that end, during 2014, we doubled our quarterly dividend, increasing the payment to $0.10 per share beginning in the first quarter of 2015. This dividend increase reflects our confidence in the predictability and growth of our cash flow, which we expect to grow 10%-15% annually through 2018.
Going forward, the foundation we have built will allow us to capitalize on the opportunities we see across our portfolio, to create value for our shareholders, while at the same time growing our dividend in line with our expected cash flow growth.
PROVIDING SAFE, RELIABLE AND SUSTAINABLE ENERGY SOLUTIONS
AES’ mission is to provide safe, reliable and sustainable energy solutions in every market we serve. Every day, AES people are driven to successfully deliver on our mission through our values:
     PUT ACT WITH SAFETY FIRST INTEGRITY
HONOR COMMITMENTS
STRIVE FOR EXCELLENCE
HAVE FUN THROUGH WORK
                                 6
Charles O. Rossotti Chairman of the Board March 3, 2015
Andrés Gluski
President and Chief Executive Officer March 3, 2015
