 Chairman’s Letter
to AES Shareholders.
2006 was yet another successful year for aes. in our traditional lines
of business, we demonstrated a capacity to build on existing strengths; while in new areas of promising development, we continued to advance our strategy for growth.
Each year since assuming the Chairmanship of AES, I have used this letter to highlight our commitment to the creation of underlying economic value that, over time, produces stock price appreciation. Our obligation, as I see it, is to outperform the Standard & Poor’s 500 Indexoverthemediumandlongterm.Thisyear,wehaveagainmetthat test. For 2006, the S&P 500 Index gained 16 percent, while the AES stock price increased by 39 percent. From 2002 through 2006, the record is especially impressive: The S&P Index has gained 73 percent, while AES’s stock price has gained 630 percent.
But AES has long stood for other important values in addition to economic return. We have taken great satisfaction from being able to produce
an essential like electric power that contributes fundamentally to the quality of life – and from delivering it not only to large numbers of people in developed countries, but also to millions of people in parts of the world where challenges can be more demanding. As we have turned toward new areas of growth, we have been especially pleased to find that many of our most exciting prospects also involve opportunities to make substantial contributions to the general well-being.
Such opportunities include using our proven development capabilities and global reach to accelerate the production of energy from wind, reduce harmful greenhouse gas emissions, and advance alternative energy initiatives that address the problems of energy security and climate change. Wehavepubliclystatedthatweseethepotentialtoinvest$10billion
in these areas. Given their importance and promise, we would hope that investment would be just a beginning.
On the way toward a brighter future, there have, as always, been risks to address. The most notable in this past year has been the decision by
the government of Venezuela to nationalize key economic sectors, which has led us to sell our Venezuelan assets. This transaction, which successfully closed during the second quarter of 2007, leads me to comment on the management of risk in general.
  Comparison of Cumulative
One-Year Total Shareholder Returns
Years Ended December 31st, $100 Initial Investment
$139
$116
08/09
aes
s&p 500
2005 2006

 Of course, all of life involves risk; and in one way or another we are all risk managers. There is risk when a one-year-old tries to walk; yet we know intuitively that the reward justifies the endeavor. Other risks may be less clear. And the associated rewards may neither be so sure, nor
so well addressed by intuition. Investors know this problem well. The challenge is to assure that the overall balance of risks and rewards produces the results that we want. On the whole, we believe we are doing that.
At AES, we do not have some types of risk that other companies have –
for example, high technology risk, or the risk that a fad or fashion might suddenly lose favor. Of the risks we do have, some can be controlled directly: like contractual terms, site selection, construction management, and the structure of financing. Some can be mitigated through insurance, the participation of multilateral agencies, or investment by local business partners and public stockholders. Other risks require indirect treatment: like hedging for commodity price risk, interest rate risk, or foreign exchange risk. And still others require self-imposed rules to balance our exposure:
like limits on the percentage of investment or cash flow associated with one set of countries or another and one kind of market or another.
Quite obviously, the management of such risks – and the means to mitigate them – requires much more than intuition. While risk management sometimes involves a degree of creativity, it must always be subject to systematic analysis, continuous monitoring, high-level oversight, timely action, and rigorous discipline. At AES, we believe that is what we provide – in order to strike the balance that will produce the returns our investors expect.
We are fortunate to have both strong core businesses and complementary new opportunities through which to grow. As we manage our investment
in these, we look forward to your continuing support.
 Richard Darman, Chairman of the Board May 21, 2007
  Comparison of Cumulative
Four-Year Total Shareholder Returns
Years Ended December 31st, $100 Initial Investment
$730
$173
aes
s&p 500
2002 2003 2004 2005 2006

CEO’s Letter
to AES Shareholders.
2006 was a strong year for aes. our efforts to expand the business and improve our operational and financial performance will enable us to maintain continuous growth and improvement into the future.
Throughout the year, we took deliberate steps to expand our core business in today’s fastest-growing economies, while continuing to meet energy needs in markets where we already have a presence. We made
a strategic shift to build a business to meet the world’s changing energy needs and preferences. To that end, we accelerated our expansion into energy alternatives, aligning AES with evolving needs for a more secure and sustainable energy future. We moved into new areas, like the production of greenhouse gas emissions o,sets, investing early in a promising market whose products also contribute to mitigating global climatechange.Wetookfirmstepstostrengthenourglobalfinanceteam in an e,ort to improve the accuracy, timeliness and transparency of our financial reporting worldwide. We continued to improve our operational performance and launched a number of companywide initiatives to develop our people.
These e,orts are paving the way for our success in the years to come. Our potential is not limited to power generation and distribution alone but, more broadly, we have the capability of providing other essential, energy-related services. We believe this is a natural expansion for us, and one that utilizes our unique global footprint and operational and development expertise.
financial performance
We generated record revenues of $12.3 billion, free cash flow of
$1.5 billion and increased our gross margin by 13 percent to $3.6 billion.
Revenues
Dollars in Millions
Our credit quality continued to improve, consistent with what we committed to do several years ago. Globally, our subsidiaries refinanced the US dollar equivalent of $2.4 billion in debt with more favorable terms and, where possible, utilized local currency debt to limit our foreign currency exposure. Approximately $1.6 billion of this refinancing was completed at our businesses in Latin America. At the corporate level, we reduced the leverage in our capital structure, as we have been doing
for several years.
Inane,orttoimproveourglobalfinanceorganization,westreamlined reporting relationships and enhanced communication among our financeteamsworldwide.Weimplementedanumberoftechnical and leadership training programs, including initiatives focused on US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (US GAAP), compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley requirements and tax compliance. As part of this process, we identified errors in our financial statements that required us to revise previously filed statements. The adjustments resulted from errors that occurred primarily in past years and, in many instances, involved complex areas of accounting. Our continued e,orts to teach and train our people, strengthen our internal controls and reporting
and build a world-class financial organization have helped us find and correct these past mistakes. However, our work is not yet done. There is additional hiring and development to do within our global finance team, and we are continuing to move forward with our e,orts to improve our financial reporting worldwide.
  2006 2005 2004
12,299 11,021
  10/11
9,392

Wehavehadalong-standinggoaltobetterbalanceourportfolioby safety
avoiding excessive concentrations in any one country or region. We made good progress in this area in 2006. We sold a part of our equity interest inourSãoPauloutility,AESEletropaulo,aswellasaninterestinour Chilean generation company, AES Gener. Combining these actions with the sale of our Caracas utility, La Electricidad de Caracas (EDC), we now have a much more balanced portfolio.
expanding our core business
We made good progress expanding our existing power business to
meet growing energy demands across the globe. Our new 1,200 MW gas- fired plant in Spain came online. In Bulgaria, we began construction of our largest greenfield investment to date, the 670 MW AES Maritza
East 1 plant. We won a bid to construct a new 370 MW power plant in Jordan.Inearly2007,weacquiredtwopowerplantsinMexicothat nearly doubled our capacity there, and we have more than 600 MW of new generation projects under construction in Chile and Panama.
In other attractive markets like India, Indonesia and Vietnam, we have several significant projects in early stages of development.
new lines of business
To grow our company more aggressively and create long-term value,weneedtolookbeyondourcorebusinessintonewandadjacent markets. We launched our alternative energy business and see opportunities to invest in high growth areas such as wind generation, liquefied natural gas (LNG) facilities, climate change and other forms of renewable energy.
We continued to grow our wind generation business in the US and expanded it into Europe, making significant inroads into a global market expected to more than triple by 2015. And we continued to pursue opportunities in the US LNG market, where increasing demand for natural gas and declining domestic supplies create needs for terminals
to provide this clean form of energy.
There also are exciting growth opportunities in projects and technologies to reduce or o,set greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. We intend to take a leadership role in this growing market for
o,set credits, which is estimated to be as large as $10 billion a year when the first phase of the Kyoto Protocol goes into e,ect in
2008. To that end, in 2006 we formed a joint venture with AgCert International to develop emissions o,set projects in selected countries in Asia, Europe and North Africa. In early 2007, we announced plans to form a partnership with GE Energy Financial Services, focusing on the growing US market for voluntary emissions o,set credits, but with an eye toward possible future mandatory emissions limits. Through these and other initiatives, we plan to be one of the largest producers of GHG emissions offsets in the world.
Gross Margin
Dollars in Millions
We operate in a dangerous business — and we have no higher obligation
to AES people and their families than to ensure a safe working environment.ThishasbeenamajorfocusatAESandoneoftheareas where we place the highest degree of emphasis. We saw continuing improvements in the number of lost time accidents at our businesses in 2006. We put into place a number of additional processes to tackle some of the biggest safety challenges we face, such as working safely with energizedlines.Andwearebeginningtoseepositiveresults.Wealso have set a goal of zero fatalities among AES people and contractors,
and we are working aggressively to achieve this.
operations
Our plants and businesses ran well, on the whole, with outstanding performancesinmanylocations.Welaunchedanewqualityimprovement program — called AES Performance Excellence, or APEX — which relies on problem-solving methods already proven in other industries and companies. E,orts are under way to train our people in these new methodologies to ensure continuous improvement across the business.
the path forward
We feel good about what we are accomplishing today and excited about thefoundationwearebuildingfortomorrow.Aspartofourlookto
the future, in early 2007, we launched our new corporate logo and tagline. These new symbols represent AES’s position as a dynamic global leader and our path forward in a world where providing energy on a sustainable basis is critically important.
AES was founded to create and deliver value by capitalizing on opportunities and trends in power markets worldwide. Our plans for the future are no different. With our expansive global footprint and expertise in markets across the globe, we are able to move quickly — and broadly — into high growth markets to become leaders early on. Our actions, while they take place on many fronts, are, to the best of our ability,deliberateandthoughtful.Webelievetheyreflectourenduring goal of creating value for the people we serve.
Paul Hanrahan, President and Chief Executive Officer May 21, 2007
  2006 2005 2004
3,631 3,199
  2,791
