 AES 2000 NOTE FROM THE CHAIRMAN
  Oscar E. Bramajo, Buenos Aires, Argentina
Note from the Chairman
The year 2000 was another remarkable year for AES. Our ability to meet the world’s need for electricity continued to expand at a record pace as we added new businesses in Venezuela, Oman, Nigeria, Chile, and Bolivia. In addition we successfully completed two tender offers for public companies — our first ever — and launched totally new activities in telecommunications.
In its 19 years, AES has become a truly global company. Our July Orientation in Arlington hosted 180 AES people and their spouses from 24 countries. After meeting and
talking with everyone, I remain convinced that AES’s fundamental values are alive and well and that our culture is as meaningful in Kazakhstan as it is in Arlington. Each new country we enter provides rein- forcement of the notion that people are more similar than they are different.
Our October business review and Board meet- ing in Lahore, Pakistan, was an unbelievable experience. All three hundred of us were fortunate to spend a wonderful evening with General Musharaf and many
of his colleagues, which further encouraged us that AES can make a difference to help meet the electricity needs
of culturally diverse and underserved areas around the world.
The important role electricity plays everywhere was brought home to many of us by
the recent electricity crisis in California. In the United States, we take our kilowatt-hours for granted — when we flip the switch, the lights go on. However, the surprising shortfall in California furnishes a small and bitter taste of how unreliable most of the world’s power systems are. I am pleased at the thorough understanding our people have of the California crisis, our people’s knowledge of the dynamics that would drive similar crises elsewhere, and the progress we are making to bring more dependable service to millions of people everywhere.
2

Even amid our continued growth, people of AES seem to remain faithful to our aspirations without being constrained by a fear of facing new risks. I believe that AES owes its success to the willingness of all our people to be experimental, insightful, and sometimes radical, while retaining the ability to constantly improve on the conventional and the customary. Good examples can be found in our efforts to expand AES’s role as a supplier to end-users and in telecommunications. While these businesses have yet to prove their viability, they have brought an excitement to the Company that comes from trying new things.
All my colleagues at AES understand that change is a constant in the world, whether in electrical markets, political leadership, or company
organization. Nonetheless, even those of us with the most
finely honed appreciation of change are quite surprised
from time to time — by new opportunities (Africa), by new situations (California), and by new approaches (telecom). And though all the quantifiable numbers — revenue, market capitalization, capacity and so on — have risen dramatically over the years, surely the greatest growth has come in an area that cannot be quantified: the fun that we have as we work at being the world’s leading independent supplier of electricity.
So while I have stepped back a little more from
the Company to allow me to devote additional time to my wife and my foundation, I remain as excited and committed as ever to the people of AES and the people we serve.
Roger W. Sant
Juan Carlos Pernuzzi (left), Carlos Montenegro (center), Ariel Merlo (right), AES Paraná, Argentina
 3
  