 CHAIRMAN’S LETTER TO AES SHAREHOLDERS
In our 2003 report, Paul Hanrahan and I were pleased to say that AES had completed its turnaround. 2004 has been another successful year. AES has strengthened its basic foundation by improving the performance of its businesses throughout the world. We have also developed and refined our strategy for renewed growth, and turned toward its execution.
There are, of course, many measures of progress. Free cash flow is up. Earnings are up. The ratio of enterprise value to debt is up. Virtually all the conventional measures are headed in the right direction. But there are two that seem especially relevant for shareholders.
The first is long-term stock price appreciation relative to the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index. In 2003 and 2004, the S&P 500 rose by a total of 42 percent. In the same period, the AES share price increased by 353 percent. AES is not managed with an eye toward short-term stock movements. But I believe that over the medium and long term, you should demand that AES outperform the S&P 500. We mean to meet that test. So I am pleased to note that the market not only recognized the AES turnaround in 2003; it has also begun to recognize AES’s longer-term potential to create value and increase earnings.
A second relevant measure is entirely different. It concerns the independence and integrity of corporate governance. ISS, one of the leading organizations that assess the governance of major corporations, rates AES in the top 3 percent of S&P 500 companies. It is arguable whether a definitive causal connection has been demonstrated between governance measures and stock price performance. But that is irrelevant. We unquestionably owe you both superior stock performance and a solid basis for trust.
When our sector was in difficulty in the aftermath of the Enron debacle, we made a few key strategic decisions. One of these was to remain global. Many of our competitors chose to concentrate only on their home region. Some went out of business. We are now in the fortunate position of being able to capitalize on our scale and reach. We have carefully selected countries and regions throughout the world where we mean to develop not just individual projects, but continuing businesses that give us “critical presence” in areas of promising growth and favorable politico-economic trends. The combination of global reach and critical presence allows us to take full advantage of opportunities for expansion on a well-informed basis—while also benefiting from our improved capacities for global sourcing, technology transfer, risk management, geographic diversification and portfolio balancing.
AES has had to manage a challenging transition: adding new elements of centralized coordination to a decentralized global enterprise—without losing the traditional AES virtues of entrepreneurial creativity, social responsibility and respect for people throughout the world. Thanks to the quality and commitment of AES people—led by an outstanding executive team—I believe that challenge is being well met. I trust this may prove to be an additional source of shareholder satisfaction.
Sincerely,
Richard Darman Chairman of the Board March 29, 2005
  SHAREHOLDER RETURNS: AES vs. S&P 500
AES: 353%
  AES S&P
   S&P: 11%
AES: 45%
S&P: 42%
  2004
2003-2004
One-Year Total Return
Two-Year Total Return
  24

 CEO’S LETTER TO AES SHAREHOLDERS
People, places and purpose. These three themes guided us and helped AES achieve significant milestones in 2004. By the close of the year, we generated record annual revenues and delivered on our key financial commitments for the second year in a row. The stock market recognized our strong performance, as our stock significantly outperformed the broader market.
We continued to focus on running our businesses better. Two key financial measures of improvement on this front are increasing gross margin and return on capital. We showed encouraging results
on both fronts. Gross margin increased 14 percent in 2004 and return on invested capital increased by 70 basis points this year to 9.6 percent. AES has solid fundamentals, with improving credit quality and a five-year outlook of double-digit EPS growth. We continue to strengthen our balance sheet and are gaining additional financial flexibility. In the past year alone, we generated more than $1 billion in free cash flow and reduced total net debt by $1.1 billion. This was driven by the efforts of the talented people in AES businesses around the world.
PEOPLE
In fact, it all starts with people. Attracting and keeping the best in the industry. Giving them the training and opportunities to develop and grow. Moving our best to new and challenging positions so they can make major contributions where they’re needed most. We achieved much success during the past year because our people committed to making each of our businesses better and to making AES, as a whole, a stronger company, able to capitalize on attractive opportunities in countries of interest.
We are finding that one of the greatest benefits of being a global company is the ability to transfer innovations among our businesses around the world. For example, new ways of preventing outages developed in our European plants easily can be applied to our facilities in Brazil and China. The strong network and constant communication among AES people across the globe enable us to drive performance to new levels. Our generation businesses have made significant improvements in reliability by reducing the number of unscheduled shutdowns. We’ve shown good performance here, reducing unplanned outage rates nearly 25 percent over the past two years. In our electric distribution companies, we increased the amount of energy recovered through our commercial loss reduction programs by 30 percent, recovering more than 1,700,000 MW hours over the last year. Overall, we are not yet at the performance levels we want, but we have made big steps and are moving in the right direction. We have real momentum coming into 2005 that will help us reach our goal of achieving top decile performance.
Our challenges in the immediate future remain strengthening our balance sheet and improving performance even further, while finding the right growth opportunities. With our world-class
 IMPROVED RETURN ON INVESTED CAPITAL (ROIC)
  2.0%
8.9%
9.6%
  2002 2003 2004
   25

operations, global footprint and strength in key markets, we are well positioned to take advantage of growing global demand for electricity.
Our people have been able to capitalize on attractive opportunities for growth. In 2004, we brought three new power plants on line, adding approximately 500 MW of additional capacity to our fleet in three countries. We also entered a new and important line of business for AES: wind energy gener- ation. Through our planned SeaWest acquisition and US Wind Force investment, we gain operational control of 500 MW of wind farm generating capacity and ownership in another 2,400 MW of projects in development. Wind energy is a natural fit for us. Our core development skills, matched with our extensive geographic footprint, provide exciting possibilities for growth over the next decade.
PLACES
A key part of our strategy is to leverage our presence of talented AES people and good businesses in 27 countries. We’re already operating in countries where 60 percent of the growth in demand for electricity is expected worldwide over the next five years. And in many of these places, our significant local presence gives us a competitive advantage in identifying and managing attractive business opportunities. We’ll continue to build our presence in select existing and new locations where we can achieve a “critical presence” around the world.
PURPOSE
Our business is essential: we generate and provide power. But the impact we deliver goes far beyond that. We provide the energy and associated infrastructure needed for the continued economic development and improved quality of life for the communities in which we operate. And we believe that we have certain responsibilities that are associated with meeting these needs.
First, we have a responsibility to our customers to meet their expectations for reliable and affordable electricity. Second, we have a responsibility to our communities to be a partner in economic development, and to do so in environmentally sustainable ways. Third, we have a responsibility to our owners to act with transparency and to provide superior growth in the value of our company over the long term. And finally, we have responsibilities to our fellow AES teammates to act with integrity and fairness, to treat others with respect, to work safely and to provide a work environment that allows people to have fun through work—to get the fulfillment that comes from working hard as a team and seeing our contributions result in successes that make a difference.
That is what AES is really all about. People, committed to being the best. People, meeting the energy needs of communities across the globe. People, fostering sustainable economic development and providing superior returns to our owners. We work hard so that the people we serve can thrive, and so that AES remains a company you can be proud to own.
We thank you for your trust and continued support. Sincerely,
Paul Hanrahan
President and Chief Executive Officer March 29, 2005
    26
