 p.4
Chairman’s Letter to AES Shareholders
2005 has been another successful year for AES. Free cash flow is up. Earnings are up. The ratio of enterprise value to debt is up. And virtually all the conventional measures are headed in the right direction.
In last year’s letter, I said we were turning toward execution of a strategy for renewed growth. It is well under way. Our reorganization along regional lines has helped focus our expertise on favorable opportunities in areas where we have “critical presence” (the concentrated scale necessary to give us competitive advantages). At the same time, our corporate development team has actively expanded our growth initiatives in LNG, wind, and other forms of clean energy. The num- ber and range of interesting opportunities before us continue to expand. So, with a disciplined approach to investment, we should be able to achieve high-quality growth.
AES has also made significant progress with respect to the two measures I suggested may be especially relevant for shareholders.
The first is long-term stock price appreciation relative to the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index. In 2005, AES’s share
price increased by 16 percent, compared with five percent for the S&P 500. From 2003 through 2005, AES’s share price increased by 424 percent, compared with 50 percent for the S&P 500. Arguably, it may be more difficult to continue such out-performance after a company completes a turnaround and gains scale. But our intentions and plans are to do so.
The second relevant measure involves integrity. Last year, I emphasized our performance in meeting the highest standards of responsible corporate governance. That emphasis continues. This year, I wish to touch on Sarbanes-Oxley requirements.
 
  Shareholder Returns
AES vs. S&P 500
In addition to its advocates, Sarbanes-Oxley has many critics. I am not among them. It is true that the burdens of financial reporting have increased substantially. It is also true that, if pushed to the extreme, they may breed a reporting risk-aversion that could become paralytic—in some cases preventing the very financing they are intended to inform and facilitate. Yet if sensibly administered, Sarbanes-Oxley should be helpful.
It is instructive that, in 2005 alone, the new law spurred more than 1,000 public companies to issue restatements. AES is among that group. We ourselves have identified weaknesses in our financial reporting, brought in additional outside experts to conduct a comprehensive review of our systems, and are allocating the resources necessary to address the weaknesses. The process has been difficult at times. But I am confident that—along with improvements we have made in forecasting, risk management, performance enhancement, and strategy development—the time and effort we are expending to upgrade our financial reporting and control systems will make us even stronger. I especially appreciate the fact that as we have moved through the restatement process, our investors have shown continuing confidence in us.
We will do our very best to remain worthy of your confidence.
Richard Darman, Chairman of the Board April 4, 2006
p.5
  2005
S&P 5%
AES 16%
2003 -2005
S&P 50%
AES 424%
