                 CHAIRMAN AND CEO LETTER AES CORPORATION
The actions we took in 2007 position AES for ongoing growth. They also furthered our expansion into renewable energy and climate solutions as we continued our transformation from a global power company to a global power and alternative energy company.
As we look back on 2007, we do so with a mixture
of satisfaction and sadness. We were pleased with the progress we made in growing our core businesses
and furthering our expansions into renewable energy and climate solutions. But, as we acknowledged our many accomplishments, we mourned the passing in January 2008 of AES’s Chairman of the Board, Dick Darman—a leader, visionary, mentor, and friend.
Our message of “impact” takes on deeper meaning
as we recall the tremendous impact Dick had on AES. He had the foresight to see the need for expanding
the world’s production and use of renewable sources of energy. He advocated better ways to deliver energy
to ensure its safe and secure supply in the future. Dick’s leadership in these areas defines the direction of our company today. In his early days as a member
of our Board, and then as Chairman, Dick helped guide us through our most challenging days and brought a disciplined and systematic approach to our growth that worked. Outside of AES, working for five United States presidents, he had far reaching influence on public policies that helped shape our nation.
As we move forward, AES is well positioned to continue meeting the world’s growing need for power and providing solutions for a cleaner and more sustainable energy future. For this, we owe much gratitude to Dick.
NO BETTER TIME TO BE AN ENERGY COMPANY
We see economic expansion underway in so many of the countries we operate in today, from the emergence of a more upwardly mobile middle class in China to the strengthening of Panama City, Panama as a center of international trade and commerce to the votes of confidence foreign investors are making in fast-growing countries in Southeast Europe. These expansions
are creating unprecedented global demand for power while overall energy consumption is increasing worldwide. At the same time, concerns about global warming and world energy supply are driving policy and business decisions.
For AES, there could not be a more exciting and opportune time to be in the energy industry. By 2030, worldwide demand for energy will increase by 50%.
Roughly 70% of this expanded demand will come from growing economies in developing countries— the type of countries in which AES is already providing, or has plans to provide, power generation and distribution. The convergence of this ever growing demand for more energy combined with escalating global concerns about climate change and energy supply, plays to the development strengths that helped build our company. We have the capability and reach
to improve and extend reliable electricity to millions of people now and into the future. In parallel, we are able to help those countries in which we already operate meet the challenging renewable energy and carbon emissions reduction targets they have set.
Our long-term growth strategy aligns with these trends, and focuses on expansion in three major areas: core power generation and distribution, renewable power, and climate solutions that emphasize greenhouse gas emissions reductions.
OUR CORE STRENGTH
Through continued expansions in our core power generation portfolio—which today forms the backbone of our business—we will help light more of the world’s communities and cities. New projects
we are building in Chile and developing in India, and operational improvements we made to two plants
we recently acquired in Mexico will expand reliable and cost-effective electricity to millions of people. We also are expanding our business into fast-growing countries such as Jordan and the Philippines. To each new project, we apply more than two decades of experience to identify ways to make workplaces safer, to improve operations, and to provide dependable and affordable power.
RENEWABLES ON THE RISE
Our renewables business grew significantly in 2007 and now comprises 20% of our overall portfolio.
Last year, we were one of the fastest growing wind generators in the US, increasing our wind business by 66% and ending the year with more than 1,000 MW
in operation. We plan to continue our growth in the US and accelerate our eΩorts in other AES markets around the world. We started construction of our first

                  wind farm in China and see tremendous opportunity for further expansion of our wind business there. We expanded our operations into Turkey and started construction on the first of many hydropower projects we plan to build and operate there. Our strategy to build small hydros aΩords us rapid market entry with limited environmental disruption.
PART OF THE CLIMATE SOLUTION
Mitigating the eΩects of greenhouse gases is good fortheenvironment;itisalsoagoodbusinessforus. In 2007, construction began on nearly a dozen of
our initiatives around the world ranging from palm oil projects in Malaysia to landfill gas energy projects
in China to a biomass project in Indonesia, which not only creates carbon oΩsets but also will put clean power on the grid. We made significant progress toward acquiring a landfill gas to energy project in El Salvador, our first acquisition of an operating Clean Development Mechanism project that is fully registered and already receiving Carbon Emission Reductions credits.
KEY FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
We continued to meet expectations in the key indicators we believe best measure our financial performance. During 2007, AES generated record revenues of
$13.6 billion, reflecting annual revenue growth of
$2 billion, or 17.4%, over 2006. We also recorded record cash flow from operations of $2.4 billion. Free cash flow* was $1.48 billion, exceeding our guidance of $1.2–$1.4 billion.
We also continued to aggressively manage our portfolio of businesses for maximum value and flexibility. To free up capital for future investments, we sold a portion of our interest in our Chilean generation company, AES Gener, and reached an agreement to sell some of our facilities in northern Kazakhstan, which we will continue to operate under a management agreement until 2010. These transactions are good examples of how active portfolio management creates opportunities to increase value for our shareholders.
* defined as cash flow from operations less maintenance capital expenditures of$878million.
The capital markets exhibited confidence in AES with their response to our senior unsecured bonds oΩering. We initially oΩered $500 million but quadrupled the amount issued to $2 billion based on strong investor demand in an otherwise weak market. The October offering was the largest single corporate finance deal in AES history. Our ability to execute this o,ering
in such di≈cult times underscores the positive changes wemadetostrengthenourfinancialstructureand report financials in a more accurate and timely way.
A LASTING IMPACT
We are well positioned to continue our long-term commitment to growth. Today, we are a global power and alternative energy company serving markets that have long known the convenience of reliable electricity. At the same time, we continue to expand our reach in markets that are just beginning to realize the possibilities that access to energy brings.
Our development pipeline reflects this dynamic:
40% of our medium- to advanced-stage projects are in thefast-growingeconomiesofAsiaandtheMiddleEast. We can bring these countries the power they require to fuel their growth, but our lasting impact will always be broader than the energy we provide. As we look ahead, we will continue to answer the world’s growing demand for energy, and do so in a way that endeavors to both preserve our environment and ensure a dependable energy future for generations to come. That is our mission and our passion.
PHILIP A. ODEEN CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD
PAUL HANRAHAN
PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
MARCH 17, 2008
pictured:
The beauty of Bariloche, Argentina
   