Chairman and CEO Letter to AES Shareholders
Proportional Free Cash Flow
Dollars in millions

$1344

$893

2009

2010

2010 was a strong year for AES. We met our financial goals, strengthened our operations, and grew our business by completing a significant portion of our construction portfolio and successfully integrating several acquisitions. Importantly, we accomplished these goals in a challenging economic environment while also exercising greater discipline in our allocation of capital than ever before. Recognizing that our stock has been undervalued for a lengthy period while we have been investing in the future by building new power plants, we launched a stock repurchase program. This year, we bought back 8.4 million shares for about $100 million. We also retired nearly $1 billion in corporate debt and invested nearly $1 billion in new growth opportunities. We were able to accomplish this as a result of the collective efforts of the 29,000 people at AES, including plant operators, technicians, and support teams who make our business of electricity generation and distribution possible.

Financial Results
We are pleased to report that we met or exceeded our financial targets, earning $0.94 of Adjusted Earnings Per Share1, which was at the high end of our guidance range. Our Proportional Free Cash Flow1 of $1.3 billion also exceeded guidance by approximately $200 million. Our improved financial results were fueled by strong demand growth in several key markets in which we operate. Our businesses in Latin America experienced increased demand as a result of the continued regional economic recovery, particularly in Brazil and Chile. In addition, the operational enhancements we made to our newly acquired generation business in the Philippines allowed us to satisfy higher demand there as well. Building on the progress we made in 2009, we further strengthened our balance sheet this year, increasing our flexibility to deploy capital in value accretive ways. In addition to paying down nearly $1 billion of parent debt, we refinanced our $750 million revolving credit facility, extending its maturity by five years. As a result of our improved liquidity and financial stability, Standard & Poor's upgraded our debt. As an indication of our ability to maximize returns on our assets, in 2010 we completed the sale of our businesses in Oman, Pakistan and Qatar. These projects were sold at prices that enabled us to earn higher returns on our capital than our future outlook there. The proceeds of these sales provided us additional capital that enabled us to launch a stock buyback program mid-year during a period of U.S. market volatility.
1

See Financial Notes on page 5 for definition and reconciliation.

1

Operating Results
This year, we also demonstrated our strong operational capabilities, as improvements at individual plants and across businesses translated into financial results. One of our strengths is our ability to acquire plants and quickly implement operating improvements to enhance power output, improve efficiencies, and generate greater financial returns. Our Masinloc plant in the Philippines is a good example. Over the past few years, Andy Horrocks and his team increased generating capacity from 450 MW to 630 MW, improved availability by 13% and reduced the outage rate by 40%. These improvements contributed to an additional $0.12 of Adjusted EPS2 and helped drive an increase of $99 million of incremental Operating Cash Flow in 2010 compared to the prior year. We had similar accomplishments at our TEG/TEP business in Mexico led by Pete Convery and his team. Since acquiring this business in 2007, we reduced operating costs by 27%, improved availability by 20%, and reduced the outage rate by 70%. The power industry in North America experienced volatile commodity market conditions in 2010. Continued declines in natural gas prices impacted our merchant solid fuel-fired plants. As a result, these plants are projected to become a drag on earnings going forward and we are therefore pursuing several alternatives including financial re-organizations, sales, or asset retirements.

Construction
Last year also demonstrated our strength in bringing new capacity on-line from our construction pipeline. During 2010, we brought 777 MW of new capacity on-line, including 422 MW of thermal, 311 MW of wind, and 44 MW of hydro projects. In addition, earlier this year, we were able to fully restart construction at Campiche, our 270 MW coal-fired project in Chile, when the Supreme Court of Chile upheld the validity of our construction permits there, eliminating the possibility of further appeals. The year was not without its setbacks, however. Our 670 MW Maritza coal-fired power plant in Bulgaria, which continued to suffer from construction and commissioning delays, did not meet its revised target for achieving commercial operations. We will continue efforts in 2011 to seek a resolution and mitigation of the impacts of these delays by completing commissioning as soon as possible.

Safety
Safety is our most important value at AES. Although our safety metrics have been acceptable, we always strive for greater improvement. In 2010, we continued a major global safety initiative across our businesses and would like to share with you some of its early successes. By emphasizing proactive measures, we have made steady and tangible progress. Some of these measures include conducting training, learning from near misses, and taking more safety walks, which allow us to observe best practices and identify areas of improvement. Through these efforts, accident rates resulting in lost time among AES people declined by 8% from 2009 levels. Additionally, at construction projects, where we placed a renewed, hands-on approach to safety measures, the rate of accidents resulting in lost time declined by 49% compared to the previous year. While we still have more to do in order to improve our overall safety performance, we are encouraged by our efforts to create a culture in which everyone makes safety their first consideration.

2

See Financial Notes on page 5 for definition and reconciliation.

2

Development
Investing in new power generating capacity is a critical part of our business model. As we discussed with you throughout the year, we look at new investment as just one of the many ways in which we can deploy capital. These investments must compete with other uses of capital, such as paying down debt and buying back stock at attractive prices. As we highlighted last year, a key element of AES' success is our ability to develop a pipeline of attractive investment opportunities, narrow them to those with the best projected returns and then execute effectively. These projects, whether they are developed by us or acquired, require significant capital. To provide the needed capital in 2010, we completed China Investment Corporation's (CIC) $1.58 billion equity investment in AES. As a result, we were able to fund new investments in solar and wind, as well as acquire a 1,246 MW power plant in Northern Ireland. In addition to providing the needed capital, CIC is a valued partner enabling us to co-invest in projects around the world. With new capital available, we achieved significant development milestones in 2010, which we are confident will generate significant shareholder value. AES takes the lead in these projects, but often teams with a partner to enhance our returns and to diversify our risk profile. For example, in February of 2011, we entered into an agreement to sell 49% of our 1,200 MW Mong Duong coal-fired development project in Vietnam to POSCO Power Corporation and CIC. Their investment in this project will not only enhance AES' equity returns, but will also free up our capital to allocate it to other areas. This is an example of our ability to attract the interest and support of partners with vast experience in the markets in which we operate.

Blueprint for 2011 and Beyond
In 2011 and beyond, we will continue to build on the many accomplishments we achieved this past year, such as meeting financial targets, executing operational improvements, making progress on our critical safety goals, and reaching commercial operations with new projects. We also found ways to reduce our costs through global sourcing and streamlining our financial operations worldwide. Nonetheless, we did not provide an adequate return to our shareholders, underperforming against the Standard & Poor's 500 benchmark against which we measure ourselves. Improving our performance and increasing shareholder value will be an even greater focus for us in the year ahead. To that end, we continued to strengthen the alignment of our executive compensation structure with the interests of our shareholders by ensuring that the awards used in our long-term compensation program are 100% equitybased. We also implemented new share ownership guidelines for executive mangement. Another important component to building value for our shareholders has been to shift to a more focused approach to making new investments. There are a number of very attractive markets around the globe today, but we will be concentrating our efforts on those markets where we see the greatest long-term value creation potential for AES. We believe that this will also reduce some of the complexity in our portfolio.

3

Looking forward, we see the greatest opportunity for AES in some markets where we already have a major footprint, including Brazil, Chile, and the U.S. There are also several markets where we are committed to achieving required scale, including India, Turkey, Southeast Asia, and in renewables in Europe. Finally, we will selectively gauge our ability to attain a long-term competitive position in certain other markets before making significant investment commitments there. We also see opportunities to drive growth in earnings by streamlining our corporate and regional support functions over the next few years. The combination of our more focused geographic approach to growth with improved efficiencies will be another meaningful driver of increasing shareholder value in the future.

Final Thoughts
2010 was a year of solid performance for AES. We exceeded our financial goals, made significant investments for the future, and gave greater attention to our overall capital allocation and strategic focus. The return to shareholders was disappointing, however, and we intend to do better. As we enter 2011 being well positioned to deliver results to you and all of our other stakeholders, we thank you for your continued support.

Phil Odeen Chairman of the Board March 1, 2011

Paul Hanrahan President and Chief Executive Officer March 1, 2011

4

