  151 Farmington Avenue, F265  Hartford, CT 06156  Mark T. Bertolini  Chairman, Chief Executive   Officer and President 
 

 

 

  To our shareholders:    2013 was a historic year for Aetna.  We produced record results and successfully closed on our  acquisition of Coventry Health Care.  The acquisition has significantly improved our market  position in both the commercial and government markets.  Our larger geographic reach will  enable us to strengthen our commitment to build a healthier world by working with others to  redesign our health care system around the consumer.  Delivering on this goal will not only  improve the health of people around the world, but it will also increase the productivity of global  economies and lead to healthier communities.    Our annual operating revenues of $47.2 billion increased 33 percent from 2012 and set a  company record.  Operating earnings of $2.1 billion and medical membership of nearly 22.2  million are also at alltime highs.  Our diversified portfolio continues to be a source of strength;  and presents us with strong platforms for growth, both nationally and around the globe.     Our strategic plan for 2013 consisted of successfully integrating the Coventry acquisition, building  out our new provider model called accountable care solutions, and growing our core businesses.   I am pleased to report that we exceeded our goals.  We successfully reached our synergy targets  with the Coventry acquisition.  We completed more provider collaborations with over 32  accountable care organizations in operation, and a robust pipeline for 2014 and beyond.  Our  core businesses grew market share and increased medical membership by 4 million members  from the acquisition of Coventry and very strong results coming from our government products.   The success of these efforts is demonstrated by our 14 percent growth in operating EPS year over  year, well in excess of our longterm objective.  This year we also launched our health insurance  exchange offerings.  While implementation of the government's public exchanges has been rocky,  we remain committed to the principle of increasing health care access across the country through  guaranteed coverage.  We believe that private and proprietary exchanges present an even  greater opportunity for us in the long term as they will provide greater choice, customization and  flexibility to consumers.  Finally, we returned $1.7 billion of capital to our shareholders in share  buybacks and dividends.    At Aetna, we believe health care as an industry is primed for revolutionary disruption.  Value based provider payment models will continue to proliferate, and retail marketplaces will grow as  employers shift to defined contribution arrangements.  These changes will result in a consumer empowered health care system.       

Because the health care sector is positioned for accelerated rates of change, we are well  positioned to create significant value for our shareholders and customers.  As we look to 2014,  we are committed to improving the consumer experience, providing not just access to quality  health care but improved health.  We are committed to offering consumers integrated, digital  tools that will empower them with the convenience and control to manage their health.  We are  enabling providers to deliver on this new model of care through technology that seamlessly  connects the health care community here and abroad.    One of our core values at Aetna is caring.  Our more than 48,000 employees demonstrate this  value every day by meeting the needs of our customers and serving their communities.  We look  forward to 2014 and believe Aetna's future has never been stronger.  I feel confident that we  have the team and the resources to deliver on our commitment to improve the health of those  we serve here and around the world.    Thank you for joining us on our journey to create healthier communities, a healthier nation and a  healthier world.  We are grateful for your support and continued investment in Aetna.   

  Mark T. Bertolini  Chairman, CEO and President  April 2014 
 

 
 

