A n n ua l R e p o r t 2 0 0 8

Co-Chief Executive Officers Carl H. Lindner III and S. Craig Lindner

To o u r S h ar e h o l d e rs
2008 was a challenging year for the insurance industry with unprecedented turbulence in the worldwide financial markets, unusually high catastrophe losses, and major disruption in certain insurance segments. In this environment, we are very pleased with American Financial Group's performance. AFG's financial condition is strong and its liquidity is sufficient to satisfy its financial obligations. We are well-positioned to react to the challenging market conditions and are optimistic about the company's long-term business and financial outlook. The global credit crisis, precipitated by the subprime mortgage meltdown, led to a "financial hurricane" and dominated the headlines since mid-2007. The forces behind this hurricane were primarily investment-related, coupled with weak controls within certain banking and financial institutions. All of these events contributed to a massive lack of consumer confidence in our economy that evolved throughout 2008. These factors have impacted the financial markets as well as AFG's stock price over the last two years. In the 30 years that we have been working in the insurance business, we have not seen such a swift and powerful confluence of events impacting our business. Through all of these events, AFG has performed better than the overall market and the insurance sector. The annual compounded growth rate of AFG's common stock plus dividends over the past five years was 7% compared with negative returns in the S&P 500 Index of -2% and the S&P Property/Casualty Insurance Index of -3%. Furthermore, the annual compounded growth rate of AFG's book value per share, excluding unrealized gains and losses on fixed income securities, was 10% over the past five years.

American Financial Group

1

American Financial Group

O u r S tr ategy
AFG is a premier specialty insurer. We offer a diverse set of financial solutions, focused on specialty commercial property and casualty niches and on annuities and supplemental insurance products for targeted customer groups. We are in the business of managing risk. Expert underwriting--knowing which risks--at what price--and how much to assume--as well as skillful and prudent investing, and objective and fair claims handling are fundamental to our long-term success. Our overriding goal is to increase long-term shareholder value. The significant ownership of AFG's stock by our management team and employees provides alignment of interests with our public shareholders. The following key aspects of our strategic focus will help us increase shareholder value over the long run: `` Operate in specialty niches where we have significant expertise. `` Maintain our strong underwriting culture through astute risk selection, pricing discipline and risk management practices. `` Reduce business volume in select lines if needed to achieve appropriate underwriting results. `` Maintain financial leverage and capital adequacy that are consistent with our commitments to rating agencies and the market. `` Nurture relationship-based distribution networks that result in strong, mutually beneficial partnerships and contribute to business retention and continuity. `` Focus on achieving investment returns over the long-term that outperform market indices while effectively managing our portfolio risk. `` Identify, develop and appropriately reward business leaders who will enhance the Company's intellectual capital. Our long-term financial objectives are to achieve returns on equity between 12% and 15% and maintain a strong balance sheet and adequate liquidity to provide financial flexibility.

Book Value Per Share (as of December 31, excluding
unrealized gains and losses on fixed maturities)
$30

$27.77
25

20

15  `03 `04 `05 `06 `07 `08

2

A n n ua l R e p o r t 2 0 0 8

A n n ua l R e p o r t 2 0 0 8

5 Year Cumulative Total Shareholder Return on AFG Common Stock vs. S&P Indices
$225 200 175 150 125 100 75 `03 `04 `05 `06 `07 `08

AFG Common Stock S&P 500 Index S&P 500 Property/Casualty Insurance Index

$141

$90 $88

This graph assumes $100 invested on December 31, 2003 in AFG's common stock, the Standard & Poor's ("S&P") 500 Index and the S&P 500 Property/Casualty Insurance Index, including reinvestment of dividends.

20 0 8 H ig h l ig hts
2008 was a challenging year. Our record core insurance operating results of $4.08 per share were 4% higher than 2007, surpassing our expectations, and reflecting the successful execution of our long-term strategy. The 2008 core operating earnings generated a return on equity of 17%. We believe that the underwriting margins of our property and casualty insurance operations will continue to outperform industry averages, as they have for each of the last ten years. The dramatic changes in the investment markets were somewhat of a two-edged sword from an earnings perspective. Spreads in our annuity businesses benefitted from the increased investment yields available in the markets during the year. However, net earnings were 49% lower than 2007 resulting from net realized losses on investments, including other than temporary impairments. Nevertheless, AFG's 2008 net earnings generated a return on equity of 7% and over the last five years it has averaged 12%, including realized gains and losses. The 2008 underwriting profit for the specialty property and casualty insurance operations was strong, generating a combined ratio of 87% (statutory combined ratio of 88.8%). The combined ratio increased from 2007 as a result of the effects of depressed economic conditions, higher catastrophe losses and a more competitive insurance market. Our runoff automobile residual value insurance (RVI) business incurred significantly higher losses than we anticipated from our final contract. We had not incurred losses on this contract prior to 2008. The vast majority of vehicles in a loss position will come off lease by the third quarter of 2009. Better than expected results in many of our other operations helped to offset the RVI losses.

American Financial Group

3

American Financial Group

Specialty Group -- Statutory Combined Ratio (COR)
120%

110

105.8% -- Industry, Commercial Lines
100

90

88.8% -- AFG

80  `00 `01 `02 `03 `04 `05 `06 `07 `08

2004­2008 Industry CORs exclude A&E losses. * The Industry Source is A.M. Best and Company, Inc. and 2008 Commercial Industry COR is estimated.

Most of our businesses had profitable underwriting margins and our returns were consistent with our objectives in these businesses. Despite competitive pressures, we were pleased that our overall net written premium growth was in line with our stated expectations for the year. The acquisitions of Marketform Group Limited, which includes a Lloyd's insurer, and Strategic Comp Holdings, LLC, a provider of workers' compensation programs, in the early part of 2008 also contributed to our premium growth. Both of these business units have transitioned smoothly into the AFG organization and we expect healthy returns from them in the long run. Core pre-tax operating earnings of the annuity and supplemental insurance operations were 25% higher than in 2007. Our concentration in fixed annuities is particularly advantageous in an investment environment where the spread between U.S. government bonds and other fixed maturities widens. Earnings in our supplemental insurance business were also higher than 2007 due primarily to favorable results in our long-term care business. The Annuity and Supplemental Group's 2008 statutory premiums increased to $2.1 billion, 5% higher than the record level achieved in 2007. Increased sales of traditional fixed annuities were partially offset by lower sales of indexed annuities in the single premium market.

4

A n n ua l R e p o r t 2 0 0 8

A n n ua l R e p o r t 2 0 0 8

Invested Assets (as of December 31, in billions)

`08 `07 `06 `05 `04



$14

15

16

17

18

19

Our primary investment objective is to maximize total return from a long-term perspective rather than focusing on short-term performance. Over the years, the company's portfolio has generated solid returns and provided asset growth. Investment performance in 2008, however, was negatively impacted by $270 million of net realized investment losses, including other than temporary impairment charges. In addition, the steep declines in the financial markets significantly increased the net unrealized loss on our investment portfolio. Because of our high quality portfolio and strong liquidity, we have both the ability and intent to hold our fixed income investments to maturity, or until they recover in value. We believe, over time, values will be restored as spreads to treasuries narrow to more normal levels.

Look in g A h e a d
Despite the challenges in the global credit markets which adversely impacted AFG's net earnings and the market values of many of its fixed maturity investments, we continue to believe that ongoing operations will be strong. The company's financial strength, diversified business model and our underwriting and risk management skills provide the foundation for lasting shareholder value. Looking to 2009, we expect net written premiums of our specialty property and casualty operations to decline from 2008 levels primarily resulting from a greater use of reinsurance, particularly in our agricultural operations, and overall economic conditions. We expect a continuation of the healthy underwriting profits in these operations, albeit at a lower level than in 2008. We are, however, encouraged by early signs that the market for some of our products may be firming. In our annuity and supplemental operations, we expect solid growth in core operating earnings driven by the annuity operations.

American Financial Group

5

American Financial Group

Earnings Per Share
$5 4 3 2 1 0  `04 `05 `06 `07 `08

Core Net Operating Earnings Per Share (Non-GAAP) Diluted Net Earnings Per Share (GAAP)

AFG's guidance for 2009 core net operating earnings is between $3.70 and $4.00 per share. This guidance reflects our expectation of strong earnings growth in our annuity and supplemental operations and increased yields in our investment portfolio. The 2009 expected results exclude the potential for significant catastrophe and crop losses, unforeseen major adjustments to asbestos and environmental reserves and large gains or losses from asset sales or impairments.

AFG's guidance for 2009 core net operating earnings is between $3.70 and $4.00 per share.
Improvement in the current market conditions may take a prolonged period of time. As we examine our investment portfolio, we continue to believe that there are strong fundamentals in place and our long-term investment horizon will enable us to realize the underlying values of those investments. Our strategy has served us well over the years and we remain optimistic about our business. We have a strong commitment to our fundamental principles. We acknowledge the challenges of a turbulent marketplace and are confident that our team has the expertise and judgment to seize those opportunities that lie ahead. We thank God for a successful year and our employees for their dedication, service and contributions to the company. Finally, we express our appreciation to our policyholders, agents and brokers for their continuing business and to you, our shareholders, for your investment and support.

Carl H. Lindner III Co-Chief Executive Officer

S. Craig Lindner Co-Chief Executive Officer

6

A n n ua l R e p o r t 2 0 0 8

