To Our Shareholders
We cannot think of a better way to start our Letter to Shareholders than to say 2016 was a record year for
our Company. We were very pleased to report strong profitability in our Specialty Property and Casualty
(P&C) Segment, record results in our Annuity Segment, and continued outperformance by American
Money Management Corporation, our in-house investment management team. We are one of the few
insurers today with vibrant P&C insurance and annuity businesses, which is an attribute that we believe
distinguishes us in the marketplace and enables us to produce consistent, strong financial results.
While our results this past year were excellent, it is important that we continue to “look beyond
the horizon”– beyond what we see and know today – to anticipate changing needs and priorities
of our policyholders, agents and employees within this dynamic industry. We place a high value on
specialization, entrepreneurial spirit, accountability and discipline to build and sustain a reputable
business franchise. However, we also value vision, creativity and nimbleness as qualities that will enable
us to see opportunities and position us for success in the future.
A forward-looking mindset is not new to us. Our P&C Group made an intentional shift to focus on
specialty lines nearly 20 years ago. The sale of our commercial business and our personal auto businesses
were both strategically significant to the foundation of our current business model. Today, our Specialty
P&C portfolio is a compelling mix of 34 businesses, some of which are not closely correlated to each
other, and in some cases, to the overall P&C insurance cycle.
We have used our specialty expertise to identify opportunities and act on them, many times ahead
of the market. As an example, over the past several years, we have grown our workers’ compensation
business both organically and through acquisitions when others in the industry did not. Today, we have
several books of workers’ compensation business that nicely complement each other and are leaders
in their respective markets. Likewise, we put $320 million in excess capital to work in 2016 to purchase
the remaining shares of National Interstate Corporation that we did not already own. National Interstate
is a business we know well and is strategically significant to American Financial Group (AFG). We see
opportunities in commercial auto and the potential to augment our existing lines in the commercial
auto space. Similarly, years ago we made a decision within our Annuity Group to focus on consumer-centric fixed
and fixed-indexed annuities. Our goal has been to offer easy-to-understand products that help consumers
plan and save for a secure retirement. We have not historically focused on developing products with
elaborate bonus features, high surrender charges or complicated crediting rate structures for our
policyholders. Instead, our consumer-centric approach has enabled us to build a strong market presence,
particularly in the financial institutions channel, which has higher barriers to entry in terms of financial
strength ratings and other requirements. In an environment of regulatory change and uncertainty, we
believe we are well-positioned to make enhancements to our products and distribution processes
required by regulators and expected by consumers.
We continue to be forward-thinking. Today, we are strategically using predictive analytics to influence
decision-making and leverage data to improve profitability. When done well, the data we collect, manage
and analyze helps us to improve the effectiveness of our underwriting and the quality of our products.
This information also equips us to price our business with more confidence and directs our sales and
marketing efforts.
There is uncertainty today with regard to our overall economy – specifically related to tax reform, inflation
and deregulation. While it is too early to speculate about how all of this may evolve, it is more important
than ever that we are monitoring and anticipating changes in loss costs, social inflation, interest rates
and pricing. As a nearly full-rate corporate taxpayer, we are hopeful that corporate tax reform may very
well level the playing field and eliminate the unfair advantage for insurance companies with offshore
operations. Who knows, these decisions could potentially lead to a rebirth of the reinsurance industry
in this country. We will remain watchful and nimble as decisions play out.
Industry and economic disruption can work to our advantage. Dislocations and consolidations, distress
in certain lines of business and uncertainty arising from a new presidential administration can create
meaningful opportunities for us. We have always embraced an entrepreneurial spirit and agility that allow
us to act in these situations. We are excited about the possibilities, and our leadership team is, too.
We believe our business model positions us well to identify opportunities and execute when we see ways
to profitably grow our specialty insurance businesses. Our results this past year demonstrate that. Our
entrepreneurial business model, a culture of empowerment and effective alignment of incentives with
business objectives form a strong foundation for success. We are pleased to share a few highlights from
the year with you.
2016 Results
Net earnings were a record $649 million or $7.33 per
share for the year. These results reflect strong core
operating earnings in our Specialty P&C insurance
operations, record earnings in our annuity business,
and include $1.30 per share related to realized gains
and other non-core items. Included in those non-core
items were $1.99 per share in special tax benefits
related to Neon’s restructuring and the National
Interstate merger. Return on equity was 14.8% for
the year. AFG produced record core net operating
earnings per share of $6.03 for the year, an increase
of 11% from the prior year. Core return on equity
was 12.2%.
AFG’s adjusted book value per share grew to $53.11
at the end of 2016. Total value creation, measured
as the change in adjusted book value per share
plus dividends, was $5.94 per share during 2016.
Superior underwriting results, exceptional investment
management and intelligent deployment of our
capital have allowed us to achieve compounded
growth in AFG’s adjusted book value plus dividends
of approximately 10% over the past five years. Our
balance sheet remains strong, with $55 billion in
assets at December 31, 2016, and a debt to total
capital ratio of 17%.
Property and Casualty Insurance
Results in our Specialty P&C Group in 2016 were
excellent. The combined operating ratio of 92.3%
was an improvement of nearly a point from the
previous year. Underwriting profit was $337 million,
an increase of 14% from 2015. Higher profitability
within our Property and Transportation Group was
partially offset by lower underwriting profits in our
Specialty Casualty and Specialty Financial Groups.
Strong underwriting results, coupled with an increase
in net investment income, contributed to pretax
operating earnings in our P&C Segment that were
11% higher year-over-year.
Net written premiums increased 1% during 2016
and overall renewal rates were flat for the year.
Excluding the impact of rate declines in our workers’
compensation businesses, overall renewal rates
increased by approximately 1%. Loss cost trends
remained relatively benign, due in part to the low
inflation environment. We are pleased that we
were able to secure rate increases in the businesses
where we need them the most, particularly in
several businesses within our Property and
Transportation Group.
Annuities
It was a record year for our Annuity Segment in 2016
despite a persistently low interest rate environment
and market fluctuations throughout the year. Pretax
annuity operating earnings were $368 million in
2016, an increase of 11% from the prior year. The
improved profitability reflects higher investment
income from certain investments required to be
carried at fair value through earnings, and a 12%
increase in average annuity investments, partially
offset by lower investment yields due to the run-off
of higher yielding investments, and a lower favorable
“unlocking” in 2016 versus 2015. Interest rate
and stock market fluctuations have an impact on
the accounting for fixed-indexed annuities; these
accounting adjustments are recognized through
AFG’s reported core earnings. Pretax annuity
operating earnings before the impact of fair value
accounting were $395 million in 2016, an increase
of 12% from the prior year.
Statutory annuity premiums were $4.4 billion in
2016, the highest level of annuity premiums in
the Company’s history. As a result of a consistent
pattern of strong sales, particularly through financial
institutions, AFG’s fixed annuity reserves have
grown from $15 billion at the end of 2011 to nearly
$30 billion at year-end 2016.
Investments
We view investment management as a core
competency and have a highly skilled in-house team
of investment individuals managing our investment
portfolio. The professionals who manage our
$41 billion investment portfolio have followed a
consistent strategy over many years and changing
economic conditions, and have outperformed market
indices while effectively managing portfolio risk.
Our portfolio consists primarily of investment grade
securities that provide a relatively predictable,
steady stream of income. For the nine years
ended December 31, 2016, a time period that
captures the beginning of the global financial
crisis, our fixed income portfolio outperformed the
insurance industry by approximately 1% per year, or
approximately $2 billion. Opportunistic purchases of
non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities
were the primary driver of these returns, which
significantly surpassed those of other fixed income
indices over the same time period. In addition,
our equity portfolio achieved a total return of
approximately 14% per year, outperforming the
S&P 500 Index by about 7% per year,
or approximately $200 million during the same
time period.
Although our investment in real estate comprises
approximately 1% of our overall portfolio, AFG has
a track record of success in buying under-performing
or out-of-favor properties, improving them and selling them when they reach an attractive value.
During 2016, the sale of an apartment property
generated a non-core after-tax gain of $15 million,
or $0.17 per share for AFG.
Creating Long-term Value
For Shareholders
Intelligent deployment of our Company’s capital is
a top priority, and we strive to find the highest and
best use of capital to create long-term value for our
shareholders. We do this through a combination
of dividends, opportunistic share repurchases,
acquisitions and/or the addition of bolt-on or
start-up businesses. We also look to grow our
business organically when there is dislocation in
the market or other opportunities that align with
our existing businesses. AFG’s financial condition is strong, with $950 million
in excess capital (including cash at the parent
company of approximately $200 million) as of
December 31, 2016. The capital in our insurance
businesses exceeds, or is consistent with, amounts
required for our ratings levels. Holding capital
in excess of current ratings levels allows us to
operate confidently in forming business plans while
maintaining the financial strength to effectively
compete in the marketplace. We will maintain
financial leverage and capital adequacy at levels that are prudent for our business, and consistent with our
commitments to ratings agencies, while maintaining
a sufficient level of liquidity to respond to business
needs and opportunities.
Our business model enables us to allocate capital
to businesses with the greatest return potential,
and scale back growth when we are unable to
reach targeted returns. We will continue to evaluate
business opportunities that have the potential to
produce desired long-term returns. Alignment with
our existing businesses and cultural fit are other
considerations when we evaluate opportunities to
expand our specialty insurance portfolio.
We returned approximately $320 million to
shareholders in the form of dividends and share
repurchases during 2016. The compounded annual
growth rate of AFG’s common stock plus dividends
for the five-year period ended December 31, 2016,
was approximately 23%, exceeding comparable
indices. These measures serve as benchmarks as we
evaluate our effectiveness in value creation.
During 2016, we announced a 12% increase in AFG’s
regular quarterly dividend to an annual rate of $1.25
per share. This marks the 11th consecutive annual
dividend increase for the Company. In addition,
we paid a special dividend of $1.00 per share in
December 2016. The five-year compounded annual
growth in dividends paid to our shareholders was
approximately 12%, excluding special dividends.
Dividend payments and share repurchases have
enabled us to return $1.7 billion to our shareholders
over the past five years.
Additionally, we believe that the considerable
ownership of AFG’s stock by our management team
and employees aligns our interests with those of
our shareholders.
LOOKING BEYOND THE HORIZON
We are proud of our culture and the success we have
enjoyed as an industry-leading specialty insurance
company. We are committed to maintaining the
financial strength and stability that is valued by our
policyholders, agents and employees. Superior
underwriting, investing and capital management
have allowed us to outperform industry averages
and our peers. This performance, coupled with
our commitment to provide superior service to
policyholders and agents, has enabled us to achieve
market leadership in many of our businesses. In
fact, over 60% of the gross written premium in our
Specialty P&C business is written by top 10-ranked
businesses. Our annuity business ranks #1 in sales of
fixed-indexed annuities in financial institutions and is
a top 10 writer of fixed annuities overall.
Consistent, strong financial performance and the
ability to earn healthy returns on equity will lead
to growth in book value and sustained financial
flexibility. We believe our business model
positions us well to “look beyond the horizon”
to profitably grow our Specialty P&C insurance
and annuity businesses.
We thank God, our talented management team
and employees for a tremendously successful year
and for helping us become a company that others
want to work for, do business with and in which to
invest. We also thank you, our shareholders, for your
investment and confidence.
S. Craig Lindner
Co-Chief Executive Officer
Carl H. Lindner III
Co-Chief Executive Officer

