To Our Shareholders
Looking back at 2009, we could not have imagined the turn of events we experienced in the global
economy and the implications to the insurance industry overall. The course of events over the past
eighteen months will shape the way financial markets function and the way many companies conduct
business for years to come. While this period has been full of uncertainties, our team at AFG has managed
our business cautiously, yet opportunistically. Maintaining this balance was challenging and served to
underscore the importance and success of our specialization strategy and the foundation of our business
objectives. As a result, AFG generated record core net operating earnings and record net earnings
attributable to shareholders in 2009.
AFG’s financial condition is strong, with over $450 million in excess capital available to take advantage
of business opportunities. We’ve often spoken about “keeping some powder dry” when discussing capital
management. That philosophy was critical as we issued $350 million of 9-7/8% ten-year senior notes in
June 2009. This offering provided additional flexibility and liquidity, and facilitated the pay down of a
revolving bank line of credit that matures in 2011. This source of longer-term financing, plus a membership
in the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati, provided options at a time when accessibility of the credit
markets was uncertain. Market conditions last year were the toughest we’ve seen during our tenure in the insurance
industry. Soft pricing, decreased commercial demand as a result of a depressed economy and
fluctuations in investment valuations contributed to the challenges. We were pleased, however, by
the recovery in investment values during the second half of the year. Additionally, the stabilization
of used car sale prices, which impact our run-
off residual value insurance (RVI) business,
and strong crop yields and commodity
prices contributed to excellent results in
our insurance operations. Our premium
volume reductions were anticipated due to
disciplined underwriting in a soft market.
The Company’s 2009 results continued a
pattern in which AFG has outperformed the
overall market and the insurance sector.
The annual compounded growth rate of
AFG’s common stock plus dividends over the
past five years was just over 5%, compared
with returns of less than one-half of 1%
in the S&P 500 Index and -2% in the S&P
Property and Casualty Insurance Index.
Furthermore, the annual compounded growth rate of AFG’s book value per share, excluding
unrealized gains and losses on fixed income securities, was 11% over the past five years.
AFG is a premier specialty insurer, focused on niche specialty commercial property and
casualty markets and on annuities and supplemental insurance products for targeted
customer groups. Our business model is focused on those markets where we can offer
our policyholders significant expertise, capable distribution relationships and excellent
policyholder service. In today’s investment environment, underwriting decisions are
more important than ever as we are faced with lower investment returns. We pride
ourselves on skilled underwriting, objective and fair claims handling and prudent
investing, which are fundamental to long-term success and value creation.
Our overriding goal is to increase long-term shareholder value. During the past year:
¦ AFG’s book value per share increased to $33.35 as a result of our strong earnings performance
and the significant improvement in the market value of our investment portfolio during 2009.
This represents an increase of 55% from the $21.54 per share reported at the end of 2008.
¦ Tangible book value per share was $30.99 at the end of 2009, up 63% from the prior year.
We took advantage of the opportunity provided by the decline in our stock price by making open
market purchases of 3.3 million shares of AFG Common Stock at an average price of $24.62 per
share. We believe that repurchasing shares below book value is an effective use of our excess
capital, producing a favorable effect on our earnings per share and book value per share.
¦ We also announced an increase in AFG’s annual dividend to $0.55 per share, beginning in January
of 2010. This dividend was the fifth consecutive annual dividend increase for the Company and
represents a six percent increase over the dividend paid in 2009. This underscores the confidence
of the Board and management in the Company’s business and long-term financial outlook.
The significant ownership of AFG’s stock by our management team and employees provides alignment of
interests with our public shareholders. The following aspects of our strategic focus will help us increase
shareholder value over the long run:
¦ Operate in specialty niches where we have significant experience.
¦ Maintain our strong underwriting culture through astute risk
selection, pricing discipline and risk management practices.
¦ Reduce business volume in select lines if needed to
achieve appropriate underwriting results.
¦ Maintain financial leverage and capital adequacy that are consistent
with our commitments to rating agencies and the market.
¦ Nurture relationship-based distribution networks that result in strong, mutually
beneficial partnerships and contribute to business retention and continuity.
¦ Focus on achieving investment returns over the long-term that outperform
market indices while effectively managing our portfolio risk.
¦ Identify, develop and appropriately reward business leaders
who will enhance the Company’s intellectual capital.
Our long-term financial objectives are to achieve returns on equity in excess of 12%, grow book value, and
maintain a strong balance sheet and adequate liquidity to provide financial flexibility.
2009 Results
Our 2009 record core net operating earnings of $4.23 per share increased 4% from 2008, surpassing
our expectations and reflecting agility and adherence to our strategy. The 2009 core net operating
earnings generated a return on equity of 16%. The 2009 underwriting profit for the specialty P&C
operations increased by 17%, producing a combined ratio of 82%. The combined ratio reflect favorable reserve development, particularly in
our run-off RVI operations, unusually strong
results in our crop insurance operations and
minimal catastrophe losses. We are pleased that
almost all of our P&C business units produced
profitable underwriting margins, and our
returns were consistent with, and in many cases
exceeded, our objectives in these businesses.
Declines in net written premiums in our P&C
operations were in line with our stated expectations
for the year, and were impacted by a decision to cede a greater portion of our crop insurance
business in order to free up capital during the early part of 2009. Excluding our crop business,
the overall decrease in net written premium for the year was about 10%. Soft market conditions
and planned volume reductions in certain product lines contributed to the premium declines. In
some markets, the economic downturn impacted premium levels. Reduced payrolls, for example,
resulted in a lower premium base in our California workers’ compensation business. Also, our
general liability and property lines were affected by homebuilders who are building fewer
properties. Some business owners also chose to reduce coverage in tough economic times.
Our Annuity and Supplemental Group benefitted from improved spreads in its annuity businesses
during the first half of the year, which were offset somewhat by lower earnings in the supplemental
insurance businesses. The A&S Group’s 2009 statutory premiums decreased to $1.9 billion, 11%
lower than the record levels recorded in 2008.
The decrease was primarily related to lower
sales of indexed annuities.
The investment environment for fixed maturity
securities experienced a recovery, which resulted
in a dramatic improvement in the market value
of our investments and a significant increase in
net earnings over the 2008 period. AFG’s 2009
net earnings generated a return on equity of 17%,
and over the last five years it has averaged 12%,
including realized gains and losses.
Investments
Our primary investment objective is to maximize total return from a long-term perspective. Our investment
portfolio is primarily comprised of investment grade securities providing a predictable, steady stream of
income. Investment performance improved significantly in 2009 as market conditions stabilized and as the
value of many investments recovered. At the end of 2009, the unrealized gain on AFG’s investments was
$166 million, an $850 million improvement during the year, reflecting both the quality of our portfolio as
well as prudent management during times of market volatility and economic uncertainty.
During the fourth quarter of 2009, AFG had a gain of $49 million ($0.42 per share) on the sale of a portion of
our holdings in connection with the initial public offering of Verisk Analytics. We are very pleased with our
returns on this investment, the remainder of which had a carrying value of just over $180 million on a cost
basis of approximately $24 million at December 31, 2009.
Capital and Liquidity
The capital in our insurance businesses is at levels that support our operations and is consistent with
amounts required for our rating levels. Our financial leverage of 18% is well below the levels committed
to the ratings agencies and the market. At the end of 2009, available liquidity at the parent company was
approximately $700 million, based on borrowings available under our bank line and cash and securities
held at the parent company. We anticipate continuing to generate additional capital and cash through
operations during 2010.
Looking Ahead
We expect our 2010 core net operating earnings to be in the range of $3.30 - $3.70 per share. This guidance
is lower than our 2009 results due to the level of favorable reserve development recorded in 2009 (especially
in our run-off RVI business), the above average profitability in our crop operations in 2009, a continued
soft market and lower investment returns expected in 2010.
Despite the ongoing challenges in the economy and global credit markets, we continue to believe that
ongoing operations will be strong. The outcome of our 2009 underwriting and pricing decisions will take
years to become fully known. In every part of the insurance cycle, but especially in this soft market, we
remain disciplined and patient. We recognize the importance of achieving appropriate pricing for the
risks we assume, ensuring our claims settlements are appropriate and keeping our expenses in line with
our premium volume. We believe that the Company’s financial strength, diversified business model and
underwriting and risk management skills provide the foundation for lasting shareholder value.
We thank God for His blessings and we are grateful for our management team for their excellent work
during this time of economic challenge. We also express our appreciation to our policyholders, agents and
brokers for their continuing business and to you, our shareholders, for your investment and support.
Carl H. Lindner III
Co-Chief Executive Officer
S. Craig Lindner
Co-Chief Executive Officer