Message from Management
Another Year of Making a Difference 2008 was a year for the history books. As 2008 progressed, it became abundantly clear that the U.S. economy was on a downward trajectory. With the housing market rapidly deteriorating, economic weakness took its toll on the U.S. consumer. Then the financial crisis erupted late in the year, which was both unimaginable and frightening. It's an understatement to say that 2008 tested virtually every company, including Aflac. Although the global economic downturn dampened the growth of our new policy sales last year, we still sold more than 5.5 million policies in the United States and Japan in 2008, generating more than $2.6 billion of new annualized premium. A year like 2008 reminds us of why it's so important to stay focused on what Aflac does best. Aflac develops and markets affordable products consumers need to help protect them from unexpected healthrelated expenses. Furthermore, it is our duty to invest the premiums we collect to ensure we will always meet our policyholder obligations. And it is our goal to operate efficiently and generate consistent growth that will reward our shareholders. In the best or worst of times, our focus hasn't changed. Aflac Incorporated Results Despite the challenges Aflac faced in 2008, we generated solid financial performance for the year. Total revenues rose 7.5% to $16.6 billion, reflecting solid growth in premium income and net investment income, as well as the benefit of the stronger yen/dollar exchange rate for the year. Importantly, we achieved the primary financial objective we use internally to assess the growth of our business for the 19th consecutive year ­ the growth of net earnings per diluted share, excluding items that are inherently either uncontrollable or unpredictable. We believe this measure best exemplifies our management and business performance, and that achieving it is the principal driver of creating value for our shareholders over the long term. Net earnings in 2008 were $1.3 billion, or $2.62 per diluted share, compared with $1.6 billion, or $3.31 per share, in 2007. The decline in net earnings for the year resulted from sizeable realized investment losses attributable to the financial crisis. The realized losses primarily arose from the sale of our holdings of Lehman Brothers debt, and the impairments of our investments in certain perpetual securities, collateralized debt obligations (CDOs) and other corporate securities. Prior to the onset of the financial crisis, we deployed capital to benefit our shareholders. We bought 23.2 million of Aflac's shares in 2008, with the purchases all funded with internal capital. Since initiating our repurchase

3.31 2.92 2.95 2.45 $2.62

Net Earnings Per Diluted Share
Net earnings benefited from record operating results, although realized investment losses increased sharply in 2008. Based on the internal financial measure we use to assess management's performance, which excludes items that are either outside management's control or inherently unpredictable, we achieved our primary financial target in 2008.

1.49 1.04 1.26 1.22

1.47

99

00

01

02

03

04

05

06

07

08

Net Earnings Per Diluted Share Internal Performance Measure
Amounts in 2001 through 2004 have been adjusted to reflect adoption of SFAS 123R on January 1, 2005.

2

Aflac Incorporated Annual Report for 2008

Daniel P. Amos Chairman and CEO

program in 1994, we have bought more than 232 million shares. We also increased cash dividends. Paid cash dividends in 2008 were 20.0% higher than in 2007. In October 2008, the board of directors approved a 16.7% increase in the cash dividend effective with the first quarter of 2009, which will mark our 27th consecutive year of dividend increases. While we still believe our capital position to be strong, we will be closely monitoring global financial markets and Aflac's capital position as 2009 progresses. As we have previously announced, we do not anticipate buying shares during the first half of the year. Beyond the first six months, we will evaluate that market and our capital position. Obviously if conditions do not improve, or if they deteriorate further, it is unlikely we will buy shares back this year. Although a significantly stronger yen to the dollar at the end of the year and realized investment losses in 2008 suppressed our risk-based capital ratio, that important measure of capital adequacy was still 476.5% at the end

of 2008. We believe our ratio compares favorably to the industry. Investing Prudently in a Volatile Market I'm sure every individual and institutional investor revisited their investment approach in 2008 to make sure it was still appropriate. We certainly did. However, we're convinced our global investment approach, which has been consistently guided by Aflac's board of directors for many years, proved to be prudent and effective in an extremely distressed environment. Our investment policy prohibits us from purchasing assets that are deemed "speculative in nature." As such, we do not purchase junk bonds, nor do we have any direct investment exposure to the subprime mortgage market. At the end of 2008, more than 98% of our holdings were investment grade. We purchase investments that best support the liabilities of our insurance operations. Our products in Japan, for instance, produce long-duration, yen-denominated

policy liabilities. As such, we purchase long-duration, yen-denominated assets to support those liabilities. With the widening of credit spreads in 2008, the long-duration nature of our investments and the stronger yen in relation to the dollar led to a large unrealized loss in our portfolio. However, because of our very strong cash flows, we do not anticipate liquidating securities at a loss to make claims payments. Instead, we have both the intent and ability to hold our investments until the market prices recover, or when they mature. Aflac Japan We were pleased to see Aflac Japan's new annualized premium sales increase slightly for the year, even though they fell below our annual target for 2008. At the same time, we remain encouraged about the opportunities in the Japanese market, especially in light of two new distribution opportunities that have started gaining traction.

It's no mystery how Aflac makes a difference.

3

$16.6 14.4 14.6 13.3 11.4 9.7 9.6 8.6 10.3 15.4

Total Revenues
(In billions) Despite a significant increase in realized investment losses, total revenues rose 7.5% to $16.6 billion in 2008, benefiting from solid growth in premium income and the stronger yen.

99 00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 Japan U.S.

Following a regulatory change, we began offering our products to banking customers over the counter in Japan at the start of 2008. We believe the opportunity to sell through Japan's vast banking network will benefit our sales in the long run, as we have established longstanding and extensive relationships over the years within the banking sector. In fact, we have secured a much greater number of selling agreements with banks than any of our competitors. The second new channel was presented when the Japan Post Network Co., Ltd. selected Aflac to be the provider of cancer insurance. The Japan Post Network Co., Ltd. has a long history of successfully selling insurance to consumers. We began selling through 300 post offices in October 2008. These new opportunities add to our confidence in Aflac Japan's core competitive strengths that have positioned us as the number one seller of both cancer and stand-alone medical insurance, and as

the largest insurer in Japan in terms of individual policies in force. We also believe the need for our products, combined with our well-known and well-respected brand, tremendous scale, efficient operations, relevant products, broadening distribution and dedicated customer service, will continue to help Aflac stand out and position us for future success. Aflac U.S. Throughout our history of operating for more than 50 years in the United States, we have never encountered a period when the sale of our products was impacted by economic conditions ­ until now. As each quarter passed in 2008, it became clearer that the purchase decisions of some of our potential customers were being affected by the weakening economy. Although 2008 was a challenging year for Aflac U.S. in terms of new annualized premium sales, we concluded the year convinced of one thing: The demand for

our products may have been temporarily interrupted by the economic downturn, but the need for the products we sell has not changed. The incidence of serious illnesses like cancer does not change with economic cycles, nor do the costs associated with treatment decline when times are tough. Actually, a case can be made that Aflac's protection products are more needed in a weak economy because of the increased likelihood a household has for lower investment returns, fewer overtime hours or even the loss of a steady income. We believe now more than ever, consumers need that extra layer of protection to provide peace of mind in very uncertain times. Aflac U.S. effectively recruited new sales associates last year, and we also increased the number of associates who regularly write new business. In addition, we produced solid growth in the opening of new payroll accounts throughout the year. Our new sales associates in particular were key drivers in opening up new accounts and selling new

4

Aflac Incorporated Annual Report for 2008

business in 2008. I believe their success is tied to the enhanced training we've developed and implemented in recent years. Our brand continued to evolve and broaden in 2008 as we refined our positioning and advertising message. While still striking a chord with consumers with the famous Aflac Duck, most of the commercials in 2008 also supported our Aflac for BusinessSM campaign designed to engage business owners and benefits decision-makers. The commercials convey how Aflac can help serve as a benefits solution provider for companies of all sizes and can help attract and retain employees as well as complement existing insurance plans at no direct cost to a company. I believe our solid new payroll account growth suggests that employers are better understanding the benefits Aflac brings to the table. They are seeing how Aflac products help to provide health care options to their workers at an affordable price.

We will continue to develop new ways to further tap into the vast potential of the United States as we segment the market to more effectively meet the needs of specific consumer groups. And we will continue to grow and enhance our tremendous distribution network. I remain excited about the future of Aflac, and I am convinced that the United States is a tremendous and underpenetrated market for our products, with tens of millions of consumers who can benefit from our affordable insurance protection. The Aflac Difference: Strength and Protection In a landscape of challenges, Aflac still stands strong, driven by the determination of the one and only Aflac Duck and by hundreds of thousands of dedicated sales agents and employees. We offer innovative products that meet consumers' needs by helping them cope with ever-increasing health care costs. At the same time, we continually enhance our distribution capabilities to deliver those

products to consumers. This approach has created a lengthy record of success, providing financial security and protection to more than 40 million people throughout more than five decades of operation. Millions of families rely on us to help with expenses arising from accidents, illnesses and many other life challenges ­ or simply to have the peace of mind knowing they have the protection only Aflac can offer. Knowing that our products help lift people up when they need it most is something that makes all of us at Aflac extremely proud and it propels us to do more and achieve more. We believe we will continue to achieve more by building on the same strategies that have been the pillars of our success.

Daniel P. Amos Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

$79.3

65.8 59.3 51.0 45. 1 .9 .2 37 37 .0 37 56.4 59.8

Total Assets
(In billions) Aflac's total assets reached $79.3 billion, reflecting solid growth in investments and cash, and a stronger yen/ dollar exchange rate at the end of the year.

99 00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 Japan U.S.

It's no mystery how Aflac makes a difference.

5

