MESSAGE FROM MANAGEMENT Daniel P. Amos, Chairman and CEO Spreading Our Wings, Protecting Our Policyholders
Aflac was founded in 1955 in the United States, and we subsequently spread our wings into Japan in 1974. Each day since, we have been reminded of one unwavering reality: people desire the best health care available for their families while also seeking protection from financial hardships caused by significant medical events. As health care costs continue to rise and more of this burden is shifted to Japanese and American consumers, we believe employers and consumers alike are increasingly aware of the challenges they face. With our approach to offering relevant products at affordable prices along with our brand recognition, we believe Aflac is the partner of choice for solutions that can help. Aflac is not just a company. It is not just a brand, or a logo ­ and it's not just the Aflac Duck. Aflac is tens of thousands of people whose actions are dedicated to providing exemplary service and solutions for businesses and individuals. It's important that we accomplish this by staying true to our values and our culture, which embody something we call "The Aflac Way." Each day, we work to advance our straightforward, time-tested strategy of expanding distribution channels and offering voluntary supplemental products that help protect consumers against income and asset loss. 2013 was another year in which Aflac extended its record of success and cultivated more opportunities. In both Japan and the United States, we successfully introduced new products, enhanced our distribution systems, and strategically promoted our brand. These efforts helped generate another year in which we met our operating earnings-per-share objective* ­ one of the principal financial metrics used to evaluate management's performance. We believe that operating earnings per diluted share, excluding the impact of foreign currency, continues to be one of the best measures of our performance and has been a key driver of shareholder value for many years. Operating earnings per diluted share, excluding the impact of the yen, rose 5.2% over 2012, which was slightly ahead of our target of a 5% increase. STRONG CAPITAL PROFILE Another financial area we have focused our efforts toward is enhancing our capital ratios. Our capital ratios demonstrate our commitment to maintaining financial strength and flexibility on behalf of our policyholders, bondholders and shareholders. This financial strength is reflected also by the quality of our balance sheet. While we are extremely pleased by our solid capital levels, we feel it prudent to regularly assess our capital adequacy by applying various stress tests under extreme economic scenarios. Our capital levels are driven by large, steady cash flows from operations, especially in Japan. At the end of 2013, our risk-based capital, or RBC, ratio was 786%, which was significantly higher than our 2012 RBC ratio of 630%. Capital adequacy in Japan is measured by the solvency margin ratio, or SMR. Aflac Japan's SMR at December 31, 2013, was 777%, which was significantly higher than our 2012 SMR of 669%. Our SMR was also enhanced by our expanded reinsurance activities. A strong RBC and SMR serve to protect our policyholders' interests, while also improving our flexibility to invest in additional asset classes, enabling us to enhance our risk-adjusted returns. We're proud the rating agencies continue to recognize the strength of our balance sheet. Our financial strength ratings, which reflect our ability to pay claims, are A+ (Superior) by A.M. Best, Aa3 by Moody's, AA- by S&P, and AA- by Rating & Investment Information Inc. (R&I). While policyholders are top of mind, we also strive to enhance shareholder value through repurchasing our shares and increasing our cash dividend. As we've said for many years, we believe those are the most attractive uses of capital ­ and those are the avenues we will continue to pursue. In fact, for 2013, while we initially expected share repurchase to be in the range of $400 to $600 million, our strong capital levels enabled us to actually increase our share repurchase for the year to $800 million. For 2014, we had previously communicated that we expected share repurchase to be in the range of $600 to $900 million for the year. We now anticipate 2014 share repurchase will be in the range of $800 million to $1 billion. I am also pleased with the action by our board of directors in 2013 to increase the cash dividend to shareholders for the 31st consecutive year. I am especially pleased with this record. Our objective is to grow cash dividends at a rate generally in line with operating earnings per diluted share before the impact of the yen. At Aflac, we have always managed our business for the long term, maintaining a sharp focus on our financial objectives, while simultaneously concentrating on enhancing customer service and building our book of business. Combined, we generated more than $2.9 billion in total new annualized premium sales in the United States and Japan in 2013. Total operating revenues rose 5.7% to $27.2 billion on a currency neutral basis, reflecting solid growth in premium income and net investment income. Generating an industry-leading return on equity, or ROE, excluding the yen impact, is also an important financial metric. On an operating basis, excluding the yen impact, our ROE for the full year was 25.8%, which was slightly ahead of our annual ROE target of 20% to 25%.

*Aflac believes that an analysis of operating earnings, a non-GAAP financial measure, is vitally important to an understanding of the company's underlying profitability drivers. Aflac defines operating earnings as the profits derived from operations, inclusive of interest cash flows associated with notes payable, before realized investment gains and losses from securities transactions, impairments, and derivative and hedging activities, as well as other and nonrecurring items.

4

AFLAC INCORPORATED 2013 YEAR IN REVIEW

As we look ahead, we want to empower people with choices
INVESTMENTS SUPPORT OUR PROMISE Our investment portfolio reinforces what I believe is the most important promise an insurance company makes to its policyholders ­ to protect them when they need us most by paying claims fairly and promptly. Our vision is to have a strategic and tactically active investment organization focused on enhancing risk-adjusted returns within dynamic global markets and a changing regulatory environment. As we approach this vision, we must consider the various market challenges all companies face, including yen and dollar interest rate risks, credit spread risk, and foreign exchange risk. We continually assess and modify our portfolio management approach as well as our asset allocation strategy to ensure we act in the best interests of our policyholders and all of our stakeholders. SPREADING OUR WINGS TO PROTECT 50 MILLION PEOPLE AND COUNTING The health care environment in both Japan and the United States is complex and evolving. Aflac provides employers and consumers with solutions to address the financial challenges related to health care, and we have the privilege and the responsibility of providing financial protection to more than 50 million people in Japan and the United States. Overall, we are proud of the way we deliver on our promise to policyholders and excited about the opportunities in Aflac's future. As we look ahead, we want to empower people with choices that protect their lives today and their dreams for tomorrow. We want to continue to offer valuable products and connect with our policyholders so millions of people can experience the Aflac Way. We want to make it simple and convenient for people to do business with us. In doing so, people will turn to Aflac for additional solutions to their health care needs because we will have earned their trust and confidence. Aflac products provide policyholders in Japan and the United States with valuable cash benefits in their time of need ­ and we've done so for almost sixty years. With our ability to create products and expand distribution, we look forward to seizing opportunities, spreading our wings even further in the future and fulfilling more promises than ever. I remain convinced that the U.S. and Japanese markets are excellent platforms for future growth. I want to personally thank our stakeholders for believing in Aflac and being part of the Aflac family.

that protect their lives today and their dreams for tomorrow.

Daniel P. Amos Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Aflac, Aflac Incorporated

AFLAC INCORPORATED 2013 YEAR IN REVIEW

5

