Message from Management
Daniel P. Amos, Chairman and CEO

There's Only One Aflac Every day we are open for business, we are reminded that one thing has not changed since our founding in 1955: Families and individuals desire the best health care available and protection from financial hardship. Now more than ever, we believe consumers are realizing they may not be able to do that on their own. In a complex health care environment that has produced incredible medical advancements ­ and incredible costs ­ it's more important than ever to have a partner. With Aflac's inventive approach to offering relevant products at affordable prices, we believe we are that partner.
We entered 2007 with the same unwavering commitment to serve all of our customer groups as we have in the past. That focus allowed us to maintain our leadership in the Japanese and U.S. markets and produce another year of great performance.

Like years past, our success resulted from executing on a time-tested, straightforward strategy. First, we offer innovative products that meet consumers' needs by sharing the burden of increasing health care costs. Second, we enhance our distribution capabilities to deliver those products to consumers. This approach has created a lengthy record of success, suggesting once again, "There's Only One Aflac."

that are inherently unpredictable. We believe this objective is the most meaningful gauge of our management and business performance. We also believe it is the primary driver of our number one priority, and that is creating value for you, our shareholders. In addition to strong earnings growth, we drive shareholder value by deploying excess capital through cash dividend payments and our share repurchase program. In 2007, we raised the dividend twice. As a result, cash dividends paid per share in 2007 were 45.5% higher than in 2006. We expect to increase cash dividends at a rate faster than earnings growth going forward. Repurchasing Aflac shares has also been an effective means for enhancing our per-share earnings growth. We repurchased 11.1 million shares in 2007, bringing the total number of shares we have acquired since 1994 to more than 208 million.

Aflac Incorporated 2007 Results Aflac generated solid financial performance throughout the year. Despite a weaker yen to the dollar in 2007, total revenues rose 5.3% to $15.4 billion. Net earnings were $1.6 billion, or $3.31 per diluted share, compared with $1.5 billion, or $2.95 per share, in 2006. And for the 18th consecutive year, we attained the primary financial objective we use internally to assess the growth of our business -- the growth of net earnings per diluted share, excluding items

2

Aflac Japan ­ Achieving Targets in a Challenging Environment After a disappointing year for Aflac Japan's sales in 2006, our primary focus was to turn around sales momentum in 2007. We knew it would be a challenge in a market that is crowded with competing medical products. At the same time, consumer skepticism of the insurance industry lingered due to the highly publicized revelations of claims payment errors among life insurers. Along with each member of the life insurance industry, Aflac was required by Japan's Financial Services Agency (FSA) to conduct a selfreview of claims to identify any claims underpayments over the last five years. We took this task very seriously, and conducted an extremely thorough and timely review. Our claims error rate was very low, and as a result, we believe Aflac's solid reputation for honoring its contracts in Japan is intact. Although the FSA still needs to close its files on this issue, we are hopeful that the cloud

over the insurance industry is lifting now that the industry's claims review has been completed. Against this challenging backdrop, we felt our continued commitment to field force training and new product introductions was crucial to generating positive sales growth as the year progressed. From a training perspective, we continued to focus our efforts on improving face-to-face consultative sales techniques, which we believe is especially important in the competitive Japanese insurance market. We also launched new products late in the year, which produced positive results. In August, we introduced Gentle EVER, a nonstandard, stand-alone medical product. In September, we began rolling out Cancer Forte, the first major revision to our cancer insurance product since 2001. Both were well-received by consumers and sales agencies, and we believe these new products will benefit Aflac Japan sales in 2008 as well.

We were also very encouraged by new distribution opportunities that we believe will benefit Aflac Japan in the long run. In December, the bank channel was opened for over-the-counter sales of additional insurance products, including those sold by Aflac. By the end of January 2008, our products were available at 3,300 branches of 41 banks, and we expect those numbers to grow in 2008. In addition, Aflac was selected by the Japan Post Network Co. to be the provider of cancer insurance for sale through post offices located throughout the country. We believe these new channels will greatly enhance our distribution network in Japan. We expect to carry our momentum into 2008 and firmly believe Aflac Japan still possesses the core competitive strengths that have positioned us as the number one seller of both cancer life and stand-alone medical insurance and as the largest insurer

$3.31 2.92 2.95 2.45

Net Earnings Per Diluted Share
Net earnings benefited from record operating results, although realized investment gains were lower than in 2006. Based on the internal financial measure we use to assess management's performance, which excludes items that are either outside management's control or inherently unpredictable, we achieved our primary financial target in 2007.

1.49 1.26 1.22 1.04 .88

1.47

98

99

00

01

02

03

04

05

06

07

Net Earnings Per Diluted Share Internal Performance Measure
Amounts in 2001 through 2004 have been adjusted to reflect adoption of SFAS 123R on January 1, 2005.

3

in Japan in terms of individual policies in force. We also believe the need for our products, combined with our strong brand, enormous scale, efficient operations, relevant products, broadening distribution and dedicated customer service, will continue to set Aflac apart and position us for future success.

Aflac U.S. ­ Sustaining Momentum Over the last several years, we have greatly enhanced our U.S. operations. We have better positioned Aflac with a very strong brand and an advertising message that effectively conveys how our products are there to help consumers. We have also made extensive changes to our sales management infrastructure, and to our recruiting and training. I believe our record sales results in 2007 suggest we made the right changes at the right time.

One of our greatest strengths in the U.S. market is a large and growing sales force. We recruited a significant number of new sales associates in 2007, from which we have the ability to grow our producer base. And we believe focusing on increasing the number of associates who produce business regularly is critical to our future growth. I am convinced that the growth in producing sales associates is benefiting from our renewed commitment to quality training programs for every level of our sales team, from new associates to seasoned sales management. Remaining in step with a rapidly changing health care environment is also a priority that benefits our customers and our sales associates. In August 2007, we introduced our newest cancer insurance product called Maximum DifferenceSM. This new cancer indemnity product offers customized plans, and more important, new benefits that cover

new medical technologies in cancer prevention, diagnostics and treatment. To complement our branding message over the last three years, the Aflac Duck let consumers know that "There's Only One Aflac" in three new commercials in 2007. Though always designed to be entertaining, our commercials also try to clarify to employers and employees alike specifically how Aflac insurance works. We believe our message is getting through to consumers and employers, who recognize the Aflac brand and have come to know how Aflac can help. We expect the need for Aflac insurance and consumer understanding of that need to increase. Every year, our grasp of the U.S. market improves, and I am more and more convinced that our efforts to prepare for sustained growth are taking us in the right direction. We've expanded our sales management infrastructure and

$15.4 14.4 14.6 13.3 11.4 9.7 9.6 8.6 7.1 10.3

Total Revenues
(In billions)
Despite the weaker yen, total revenues rose 5.3% to $15.4 billion in 2007, benefiting from solid growth in premium income and net investment income.

98 99 00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 Japan U.S.

4

strengthened our distribution system by providing better training at all levels, which has resulted in better capabilities and higher morale. We've created new products and continued to reiterate our clarifying brand message. We're using technology to leverage our resources and better respond to our agents' and customers' needs. And we believe we will continue to develop new ways to further tap into the vast potential of the U.S. market.

officers to all officers, managers, employees, and particularly our sales force, we incorporate performance-based compensation throughout our organization. But ultimately, our decision to take this historic step boiled down to one issue: Every member of Aflac's Board of Directors believes that our shareholders should have the right to know how executive compensation works at our company and a means for providing input on pay.

also many similarities. With ever rising outof-pocket expenses for health care in both markets, they are well-suited to the products we offer. Within each market, millions of everyday, hardworking people count on the benefits Aflac products can offer when a life-changing event suddenly transforms them from a policyholder into a claimant. We are privileged to be stewards of the trust and resources you, our owners, place in Aflac every day, and we thank you for your support. In addition to our shareholders, our family extends to millions of policyholders, claimants, sales associates and employees, all of whom seem to have come to one conclusion: "There's Only One Aflac."

A Pioneering Event ­ "Say-on-Pay" We pride ourselves on incorporating ethics and transparency in everything we do -- from products to claims payments and financial disclosures and compensation. It is our firm belief in the appropriateness of Aflac's compensation approach that led us to be the first company in the United States to give shareholders a "Say-on-Pay" advisory vote on compensation, which will occur in 2008. From the top executive

Our Pledge ­ A Commitment to Providing Value to All of Aflac's Constituents Aflac is fortunate because our success has allowed us to enrich the lives of everyone with whom we do business, while producing five decades of steady, profitable growth. Although there are some profound differences in the health care markets in the United States and Japan, many people would be surprised to know that there are

Daniel P. Amos Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

$65.8 59.3 56.4 51.0 45. 1 37.0 37.2 37.9 31.2 59.8

Total Assets
(In billions)
Aflac's total assets reached $65.8 billion, reflecting solid growth in investments and cash, and a stronger yen/dollar exchange rate at the end of the year.

98 99 00 01 02 03 04 05 06

07 Japan U.S.

5

