MESSAGE FROM MANAGEMENT DANIEL P. AMOS, CHAIRMAN AND CEO

Living the Aflac Legacy

As we embark upon our 60th year operating in the United States ­ and look back on our 40th year operating in Japan ­ we are privileged to help provide financial protection to more than 50 million people. And while so much has changed in the world since we opened our doors for business in both countries, one thing has remained steadfast: Aflac's dedication and determination to be there for our policyholders in their time of need. Throughout our decades-long journey of success in both countries, we've remained true to our values and our corporate culture, which are exemplified by a collection of guiding principles we call "the Aflac Way." These principles embody the story of Aflac reflected in our company's focus on ethics and customer service as well as our belief that our products help people in their time of need. The Aflac Way embodies our drive to uphold the commitments we make to our policyholders, customers, fellow employees and shareholders. When we operate the Aflac Way, we are living the legacy created by those before us. The success we've achieved over these decades has been a result of the strategy we have pursued for many years: offering relevant voluntary products through expanded distribution channels, yielding new accounts and customers. 2014 was another good year during which we extended our record of success

and cultivated more opportunities. In both Japan and the United States, we successfully introduced new products, enhanced our distribution systems and strategically promoted our brand. On top of that, 2014 operating earnings* per diluted share, excluding the impact of the yen, grew 3.9%, which was at the higher end of our expectation. This metric is one of the principal financial measures used to evaluate management's performance, and we believe it continues to be one of the best measures of our performance and has been a key driver of shareholder value for many years. STRONG CAPITAL PROFILE We believe the financial strength of our company is an important aspect of our business. Our capital ratios demonstrate our commitment to maintaining strong capital levels and flexibility on behalf of our policyholders, bondholders and shareholders. This financial strength is reflected in the quality of our balance sheet. We are very pleased by our solid capital levels, and we regularly assess our capital adequacy under extreme economic scenarios. In the United States, we measure our capital adequacy using the risk-based capital, or RBC ratio. At the end of 2014, our RBC ratio was 945%, which was significantly higher than our 2013 RBC ratio. Capital adequacy in Japan is measured by the solvency margin ratio, or SMR. Aflac Japan's SMR at December 31, 2014, was 857%, which

was also higher than our 2013 SMR. Strong capital ratios serve to protect our policyholders' interests. We're proud the rating agencies continue to recognize the strength of our balance sheet. Our financial strength ratings, which reflect our ability to pay claims, are A+ (Superior) by A.M. Best, Aa3 by Moody's, AA- by S&P and AA- by Rating & Investment Information Inc. (R&I). While policyholders are top of mind, we also strive to enhance shareholder value through capital deployment. As we have said for many years, when it comes to deploying capital, we still believe that growing the cash dividend and repurchasing our shares are the most attractive means, and those are avenues we will continue to pursue. In 2014, we repurchased $1.2 billion, or 19.7 million of our shares, which is consistent with what we had communicated. I am also pleased with the action by our board of directors in 2014 to increase the cash dividend to shareholders, marking the 32nd consecutive year of dividend increases. Our objective is to grow cash dividends at a rate generally in line with operating earnings per diluted share before the impact of the yen. At Aflac, we have always managed our business for the long term, maintaining a sharp focus on our financial objectives while simultaneously concentrating on enhancing customer service and building our book of business. In the United States

4

With our ability to create products and expand distribution, we look
and Japan combined, we generated more than $2.5 billion in total new annualized premium sales in 2014. We also take pride in generating an industry-leading operating return on equity, or ROE. Excluding the yen impact, our operating ROE for the full year was 22.9%, which was in line with our annual operating ROE target of 20% to 25%. INVESTMENTS SUPPORT OUR PROMISE Our investment portfolio reinforces what I believe is the most important promise an insurance company makes to its policyholders ­ to protect them when they need us most by paying claims fairly and promptly. Accordingly, we have a global investment policy that is governed by strict risk guidelines to ensure our portfolios are managed to achieve high average asset quality and is well-diversified while seeking out attractive investment opportunities around the world. Our risk management discipline ensures we are mindful of various market challenges, including risks related to interest rates, credit spreads and foreign exchange to help ensure our portfolio will perform well through market cycles. Our investment philosophy guides us to act in the best interests of our policyholders, while producing attractive returns for all of our stakeholders. LIVING OUR LEGACY TO PROTECT 50 MILLION PEOPLE AND COUNTING Aflac provides employers and consumers with solutions to address the financial As we look ahead, we want to empower people with choices that help protect their financial well-being, especially following a serious medical health event. We want to continue to offer valuable products and create connections with our policyholders so millions of people know and understand what it is to be served in the Aflac Way. We also want to make doing business with Aflac simple and convenient. In doing so, Daniel P. Amos Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Aflac, Aflac Incorporated I want to personally thank all of our stakeholders for believing in Aflac and being part of the Aflac family. challenges related to health care, and we have the privilege and responsibility of providing financial protection to more than 50 million people in Japan and the United States. This is especially important given the complex and evolving health care environment in the United States and Japan. We are proud of the way we deliver on our promise to policyholders in both countries and are excited about the opportunities in Aflac's future. With our ability to create products and expand distribution, we look forward to continuing to live the Aflac legacy as we seize opportunities and fulfill more promises than ever. I remain convinced that the U.S. and Japanese markets are excellent platforms for future growth. we believe that more people will turn to Aflac for additional solutions to their health care needs, because we have earned their trust and confidence.

forward to continuing to live the Aflac legacy as we seize opportunities and fulfill more promises than ever.

*Aflac believes that an analysis of operating earnings, a non-GAAP financial measure, is vitally important to an understanding of the company's underlying profitability drivers. Aflac defines operating earnings as the profits derived from operations, inclusive of interest cash flows associated with notes payable, before realized investment gains and losses from securities transactions, impairments, and derivative and hedging activities, as well as other and nonrecurring items.

5

