Message from Management
Daniel P. Amos
Chairman and CEO

Aflac: Spreading Our Wings to Protect 50 Million People and Counting
A year ago, we were happy to see 2008 come to its tumultuous close, although it became quickly apparent that significant challenges around the globe would follow. Sure enough, 2009 presented the world with the greatest economic hurdle this generation has ever experienced. For the insurance industry in general, and Aflac specifically, balance sheet strength and capital adequacy quickly emerged as a primary focus. While the investment community scrutinized investment portfolios, we were doing the same. We spent countless hours analyzing our investments to determine if they continued to be appropriate for our portfolio. We also continually assessed the capital levels of our insurance operations to ensure that we had adequate capital resources to fulfill all our obligations and retain the confidence of our policyholders and shareholders.

We also had confidence in our company's expected capital generation. In addition, we made a $500 million capital contribution from the parent company to our principal insurance subsidiary. As a result, our regulatory capital levels remained strong. At the end of 2009, our risk-based capital ratio was a strong 479%, which exceeded our internal target of 375% for the year. Our risk-based capital ratio increased from year-end 2008, despite realized investment losses and increased capital requirements resulting from credit rating downgrades in our portfolio. As a result of the steady growth of our insurance operations and the capital contribution, our regulatory capital level was 25.1% higher at year-end 2009, compared with year-end 2008. I believe our strong capital base demonstrates the resilience of our business model, which is ultimately a reflection of the need for our products. Our capital position enabled us to maintain dividend payments at a time when many companies have either cut or eliminated their dividends. In fact, Aflac's cash dividend payments in 2009

were 16.7% higher than in 2008. We are very proud that we have increased cash dividends for 27 consecutive years, and we would certainly like to extend that track record. However, we believe it is most prudent for us to continue to closely monitor global financial markets and our capital strength before we commit to further increasing the dividend in 2010 or to deploy capital for other purposes, such as share repurchase. Despite an intense focus on the balance sheet, we never lost sight of growing our business. Combined, we generated more than $2.8 billion of new annualized premium in the United States and Japan in 2009. Total revenues rose 10.3% to $18.3 billion, reflecting solid growth in premium income and net investment income, as well as the benefit of the stronger yen/dollar exchange rate for the year. Importantly, we again achieved the primary financial objective we use internally to assess the growth of our business. We measure our performance using the growth of net earnings per diluted share, excluding items that are inherently uncontrollable

2009 Financial Results ­ Resilience, Strength, and Growth
In the end, we concluded that our investment approach was indeed the most prudent course for our business.

2

We've got you under our wing.

Net Earnings Per Diluted Share
3.31 2.92 2.95 2.45 2.62 $3.19

1.26 1.22

1.49 1.47

Net earnings benefited from record operating results, although realized investment losses were elevated in 2009. Based on the internal financial measure we use to assess management's performance, which excludes items that are either outside management's control or inherently unpredictable, we achieved our primary financial target for the 20th consecutive year.
Net Earnings Per Diluted Share Internal Performance Measure

00

01

02

03

04

05

06

07

08

09

or unpredictable. We view this measure as the best indicator of both the growth of our business and management's role in generating that growth. We also believe that achieving our objective on a consistent basis for 20 consecutive years has been the principal driver of shareholder value over the long term. Net earnings increased 19.3% in 2009 to $1.5 billion. This reflected the strong growth of our insurance operations, particularly Aflac Japan, as well as a stronger yen/dollar exchange rate. However, for the second year in a row, net earnings were impacted by higher-than-normal realized investment losses attributable to the financial crisis. Realized investment losses were $788 million in 2009, compared with losses of $655 million in 2008. Net earnings per diluted share rose to $3.19 in 2009, or 21.8% higher than net earnings of $2.62 per share, in 2008.

match those liability characteristics by purchasing long-duration, yendenominated, investment-grade securities. In addition to unique liability characteristics, Aflac Japan also generates very strong cash flows. In 2009 for instance, Aflac Japan's cash flow to investments was ¥604.1 billion, or $6.5 billion, which equated to investing more than $26 million every business day. And with investment yields remaining at very low levels in Japan, putting those significant cash flows to work in investments at attractive returns with a reasonable risk profile is challenging. Yet during 2009, we were able to invest that cash flow at yields that were consistent with our objectives. Without a doubt, the most prevalent investment issue we addressed with investors throughout 2009 was our ownership of perpetual, or socalled hybrid, investments, which have characteristics of both bonds and equities. The yen-denominated perpetual securities we purchased from the early 1990s through 2005 provided us with the long-duration assets that we

Investing Prudently in a Sensitive Market
Aflac's greatest investment challenge has always been in Japan, where our policies generate long-duration, yendenominated liabilities. As a result, we

needed to support our policy liabilities. These securities came under increased scrutiny last year because of concern over the financial strength of banks, particularly those in Europe and Great Britain where most of our perpetual investments originated. When we purchased these perpetual securities, we primarily invested in large financial institutions that underpin the economies in which they operate. We believed that in a time of severe financial stress, the governments in those countries would take significant measures to ensure that these large banking institutions would continue to operate, which would help provide safety to our investments. We never anticipated how rigorously that proposition would be tested. Reflecting investors' concerns over the health of the banks, our perpetual holdings experienced dramatic declines in value early in the year. However, governments around the world have taken action to stabilize the banking system. As a result, the prices of our perpetual holdings steadily recovered in value during 2009, and we still believe they are effectively meeting our investment needs.

Aflac Annual Report for 2009

3

$18.3 16.6 14.4 14.6 13.3 11.4 9.7 9.6 10.3 15.4

Total Revenues
(In billions)

Total revenues benefited from a stronger yen and rose 10.3% to a record $18.3 billion in 2009.

00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 Japan U.S.

Aflac Japan
For two decades Aflac Japan has demonstrated that it can effectively operate and grow in a weak economic environment. During challenging times, we have leveraged our core competitive strengths, which have continued to position Aflac as the number one seller of both cancer and stand-alone medical insurance, and as the largest insurer in Japan in terms of individual policies in force. 2009 marked our 35th year of operating in Japan, and by the end of our anniversary year, we achieved another milestone in Japan ­ exceeding 20 million individual policies in force ­ and we did it a year earlier than we had expected. Aflac Japan's ability to effectively navigate a challenging economic environment is a direct result of innovative product development, distribution expansion and marketing creativity. In 2009, we introduced two very successful products ­ a revised medical policy and a child endowment policy, which is basically an educational savings plan. Both of these products were very well received by our sales

force and customers. At the same time, we achieved greater distribution through new agent recruitment and growth of the recently opened bank channel. We also solidified our strong brand position and promoted our products with the help of the muchloved Aflac Duck. We were very pleased that our products, distribution, and promotion were major catalysts that fueled Aflac Japan's sales momentum in 2009 and allowed us to surpass our sales target for the year. We believe the need for our products, combined with our well-known and wellrespected brand, tremendous scale, efficient operations, relevant products, broadening distribution, and dedicated customer service, will enhance Aflac's market position and extend Aflac Japan's sales momentum into 2010.

2009. And as 2009 progressed, it was clear that the pressure on sales would endure. As a result, we were not able to generate new annualized premium sales growth for the second year in a row. While weak sales indicate the demand for our products has been negatively impacted by the economic downturn, we believe the disruption is temporary. Furthermore, we are convinced that the underlying need for our products is just as strong as ever. In fact, I can't think of a better time to have an extra layer of protection and peace of mind than during a financially unstable and anxiety-ridden economy. But we understand that in a time of high unemployment and low disposable income, households have to make tough choices. We have not been sitting idly by and simply waiting for the economy to recover. Instead, we have been taking actions that we believe will benefit our business in both the short and long term. For instance, we continued to pursue product development and introduced new streamlined cancer and accident products that we believe are

Aflac U.S.
For most U.S. consumers, the recession was something new and troubling to say the least. Because we had first felt sales pressure from the weak economy in 2008, we knew it would be difficult to increase sales in

4

We've got you under our wing.

$84. 1 79.3

65.8 59.3 51.0 45.1 37.2 37.9 56.4 59.8

Total Assets
(In billions)

Total assets surpassed $84 billion in 2009 despite a weaker yen/dollar exchange rate at the end of the year.

00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 Japan U.S.

appropriate for the current economy. We continued to recruit and train new sales associates to expand our reach in the market. We also enhanced our product portfolio and distribution through a strategic acquisition. After spending a significant amount of time on market research, we acquired Continental American Insurance Company based in Columbia, South Carolina, in 2009. We were specifically looking for the capability to expand our product line to offer voluntary insurance products on a group basis that would complement the individually underwritten products we've traditionally offered. With Continental American, now branded as Aflac Group Insurance, we have found the right fit. We believe we can leverage this new platform of group products in the insurance broker market, as well as with our existing sales force to better penetrate the large payroll account market. I remain as excited as ever about the future of Aflac. I am also convinced that the United States is a tremendous and underpenetrated market for our

products, with literally tens of millions of consumers who can benefit from our affordable insurance protection. Like last year, we will remain cautious on the outlook for new sales in the United States until we see some stability in the economy. But we continue to believe we are well positioned within our segment of the U.S. insurance market to take advantage of the many opportunities we see when economic pressures subside.

Aflac: Standing Strong, Not Standing Still
In the brightest and bleakest of economic times throughout our 55 years of operation, our focus on offering relevant products through an extensive sales force network has remained constant. What has changed ­ and actually strengthened over time ­ is our resolve to leverage our competitive strengths, while delivering on our promise to help protect policyholders' financial health when they need us most. I believe it's that resolute approach and discipline that creates value for you, our shareholders.

As we think about 2010 and beyond, we realize we will likely face a landscape of challenges. But we continue to believe that Aflac will stand strong. And I can promise you, we won't stand still. We are moved by the determination of hundreds of thousands of dedicated sales agents and employees, and motivated by the one and only Aflac Duck to continue to spread our message to new and existing customers. This team has helped secure a place under the Aflac Duck's wing for 50 million people worldwide who rely on us when they need help. Some simply enjoy the peace of mind knowing they have the protection Aflac can offer. Whatever the reason, with the help of the Aflac Duck, our wings offer plenty of protection, and a special spot for you and everyone with whom we do business.

Daniel P. Amos Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Aflac Annual Report for 2009

5

