4

AGCO // Annual Report 2010

Chairman's Message

Fellow Stockholders
The year 2010 was a productive year for AGCO. We posted sales growth and substantial earnings improvement compared to 2009. AGCO was able to generate significant cash flow, which enabled us to further strengthen our balance sheet and at the same time make important investments in our business. We also made meaningful progress on a number of strategic initiatives focused on operational improvement and market development. These initiatives are aimed at positioning AGCO to take full advantage of positive long-term fundamentals forecasted for the agricultural industry and to achieve ambitious performance goals. 2010 Results AGCO generated sales of nearly $6.9 billion in 2010, representing a 6% increase compared to 2009. Adjusted earnings per share was $2.32 in 2010 compared to $1.55 in 2009. Margin improvement contributed significantly to the increase in earnings. AGCO's record performance in Brazil offset difficult market conditions in Western Europe, our largest market. Our South America team generated strong order volumes, managed production efficiently and delivered record sales and operating income. The year also was highlighted by further improvement in North American profitability, where operating margins increased 180 basis points compared to 2009. Our North American results benefited from profitable new products, a reorganized sales organization, lower logistics costs and improved factory efficiency. We achieved these results while continuing our substantial investment in product development. For 2010, engineering

AGCO Corporation // Company //Chairman`s Message

5

Martin Richenhagen, Atacama Desert, Chile

expenses increased 14% and were focused on new products and new engine technology. We also announced three acquisitions during 2010: Laverda ­ a European manufacturer of harvesting equipment (as discussed below); Sparex ­ a global distributor of accessories and tractor replacement parts; and Amity ­ a joint venture interest in a North American manufacturer of air-seeding and tillage equiment. Operational Highlights In 2010, AGCO made substantial changes to our harvesting equipment operations in Europe which should benefit our future position in this sector. In July, we closed our combine assembly facility in Randers, Denmark and moved all of our European combine production to Breganze, Italy. Breganze is the home of Laverda, AGCO's 50% owned joint venture partner. This move allows AGCO to leverage Laverda's modern production facility, take advantage of scale opportunities and benefit from Laverda's experienced engineering team. In November, we took the next step in our European harvesting strategy by agreeing to acquire the remaining 50% of Laverda, which will close in March 2011. In addition, during 2010 we unveiled our new class 8 hybrid combine and the Fendt Katana forage harvester, which significantly bolsters our harvesting product offering. AGCO also initiated several margin improvement projects in 2010 aimed at lowering product cost and improving factory efficiency. Our three large European tractor manufacturing sites in Beauvais, France; Suolahti, Finland; and Marktoberdorf, Germany, all completed the first phases of a new plant layout and assembly flow. In addition, our

6

AGCO // Annual Report 2010

purchasing organization was restructured to better capitalize on opportunities to reduce material costs through executing best-cost country sourcing and establishing common components and suppliers. These projects, along with our future product development plans, demonstrate our commitment to margin improvement throughout the Company. The record results achieved in South America in 2010 were accomplished by leveraging our two leading brands and distribution networks, Valtra and Massey Ferguson, both of which have been in Brazil for decades. During 2010, Valtra celebrated its 50th anniversary in the Brazilian market. We will continue to invest in both of these brands and product lines to build upon our brand heritage, loyal customer base and dominant market position in this important agricultural region. Positive Industry Fundamentals It is a good time to be in the agricultural equipment industry. Farm fundamentals are strong; farmer balance sheets are in good condition and farm income is expected to improve. In addition, the long-term trends that have increased demand for grains and lowered global grain inventories are still intact and are expected to intensify. The growing population, increasing demand for food, changing diets, and rising demand for energy worldwide will continue to support healthy long-term fundamentals for the agricultural industry. Increased grain demand is likely to stimulate efforts to boost farm productivity globally which will center on improved fertilizer and seed technology and more efficient equipment. Professional farm machinery will be one of the key factors in achieving increased crop yields in future years. AGCO's Future Priorities It also is a good time for AGCO to invest for the future. Our strategic plan is built upon initiatives to grow sales as well as increase margins. Our growth initiatives start with our investments in new product development to upgrade and expand our product offerings in all markets. We intend to dedicate more resources to take advantage of future market opportunities in Eastern Europe, Asia and Africa. We also plan to execute our growth plans in our recently acquired businesses. Margin expansion is expected to be achieved through the continued implementation of our global purchasing strategies aimed to reduce material costs and through the rollout of the AGCO Production System designed to drive productivity improvements at the plant level. In addition, we are developing new platform solutions to simplify our product lines and reduce product costs. We also are making further process and system upgrades aimed at improving the way we introduce new products and services to the market. Our sound financial position will allow us to make these significant investments and to execute our ambitious plans. I am excited about the substantial opportunities that exist for AGCO and the work we have ahead of us. I thank all our employees and dealers for their contributions to our 2010 results and for their continued efforts to drive AGCO forward to the benefit our customers and stockholders. I also thank our fellow stockholders for your support. We will work tirelessly to protect and grow the value of your investment in our Company.

Martin Richenhagen Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

