  Fellow Stockholders
I am pleased to tell you that AGCO Corporation achieved record sales and net income in 2007. Over the last 12 months, AGCO’s 13,700 employees and 3,000 independent dealers applied their dedication, creativity and passion to the task of providing innovative products and service to our customers. The major global markets for agricultural equipment saw a healthy start in 2007 and most strengthened as the year progressed. Around the globe, there are factors supporting grain prices and providing opportunities for our industry. The increasing demand for soft commodities from the growing population, improved diets and increased bio-fuel production has resulted in grain inventories dropping to record lows and grain prices rising to historic highs. These positive developments drive more land into crop production and suggest higher visibility for future farm cash flows and large farm equipment demand. The market outlook for agricultural equipment remains positive, and AGCO is well-positioned with strong brands and quality products to take advantage of the favorable market conditions.
AGCO’s sales and earnings for 2007 both showed impressive growth compared to 2006. For 2007, AGCO’s
Martin Richenhagen
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
sales increased approximately 25.6% to $6.8 billion, and our adjusted diluted earnings per share increased over 125% compared to 2006. The strength of our end markets continued to produce very positive results. Brazil’s farm economy improved significantly driving strong growth in our South American sales. Our Europe/Africa/Middle East segment delivered another strong performance with our Fendt, Valtra and Massey Ferguson brands making important contributions. Fendt’s new high horsepower tractor models were enthusiastically received by our customers, and the sales of these high margin products factored into our improvements in sales and margins in Europe. We also achieved improved sales in both our North American and Asia/Pacific segments. Our profitability improved in 2007 with our operating margins rising 1.3 percentage points compared to 2006.
In 2007, one of our primary objectives was to reduce working capital and generate cash flow. AGCO exceeded expectations by generating over $360 million of free cash flow during 2007, which was also a record for our company. The strong cash flow allowed us to reduce debt, improve our balance sheet and increase our research and
development efforts. Looking at just our 2007 new product introductions, we launched three new Indian sourced tractors to the North American market, eight new Valtra tractors, 15 new combines, 23 new planter and tillage models, the new high horsepower Fendt 900 series and 16 other new tractor models in Europe. In 2008 and 2009, the number of AGCO’s new product introductions is expected to increase by nearly one-third compared to our 2007 activity.
AGCO has ambitious plans to take advantage of the strong markets and grow its global presence. We intend to maintain and develop our position as a technology leader and offer outstanding customer service. Our annual report is organized around the five key elements that we feel are necessary to attain our ambitions for profitable growth. First, strong brands – demand for our brands has never been greater and we are working to ensure this momentum continues. Next, we consider our people our most important resource, and we are making investments to deliver quality products, services and support to our customers. Third, innovation is driving a full roster of award-winning new products designed to deliver productivity solutions to farmers. Fourth, AGCO is focused on the many opportunities for growth that exist in our dynamic industry. Finally, we have a results-driven strategy to deliver our growth ambitions.
Brands
Over the past 17 years, AGCO has been a major force behind industry consolidation. Through a series of acquisitions, our sales have grown from $200 million in 1990 to over $6.8 billion in 2007. AGCO acquired many well- known and respected equipment brands that our customers rely on to meet their agricultural equipment needs. With our multi-brand strategy and product differentiation, AGCO offers more options to satisfy customers’ needs and reward their brand loyalty. We differentiate our products by feature, functionality and price. In addition, our brands are enhanced by a network of dealers and distributors that provide superior sales and service support to our customers.
Through our four core brands, Massey Ferguson, Fendt, Valtra and Challenger, we are providing high-tech solutions for the growing sector of professional farmers. Massey Ferguson is one of the most widely sold tractor brands in the world, with more than 150 years of innovation and experience, and offers one of the most complete lines of agricultural equipment in the industry. Fendt is a market leader in Europe with a reputation for superior technology and engineering. Valtra has achieved a leading market
position in the Nordic region and a strong presence in Brazil with innovative solutions and unsurpassed customer service. Challenger markets its full line of high-end farm equipment to customers requiring high performing, powerful and rugged machinery.
People
At AGCO, the foundation for our success is a work force that consists of top talent from around the world. We understand that motivated employees are essential for the achievement of our corporate goals. By continually enhancing the leadership, business and people management skills of our current and potential managers, we expect to have employees who can provide the necessary vision, leadership and execution to achieve our financial and operational goals. Recognizing that our employees are critical to the success of our initiatives, we will continue to invest in market-leading training, knowledge management and human resources programs. We are also making increased investments in dealer training and parts and service support to improve the service experience of our customers.
Innovation
Our objective is to deliver the highest quality products and services that exceed our customers’ expectations at the right price. We are working to produce innovative products that provide our customers with high-tech solutions to meet their need for improved efficiency, productivity and profitability. With that aim in mind, we have tripled our research and development spending over the last six years to approximately $155 million in 2007. Our spending is focused on new technology for our high horsepower tractor products, new products that fill regional product niches and investments in our re-energized harvesting program.
In 2007, we centralized our technology efforts and formed AGCO’s Advanced Technology Solutions (ATS) group. This group is a global organization responsible for providing
$2.52
$1.12
$1.46
ADJUSTED EARNINGS PER SHARE
technology to the family of AGCO brands for use in all markets around the world. To more effectively manage the development and introduction of new technologies, we have separated ATS into three distinct areas of responsibility: Machine Control, defined as automated guidance or steering assist; Precision Farming, which facilitates enhanced planting, fertilizer and chemical application and harvesting operations; and Machine Management, which enables farmers to record and manage data to help increase the efficiency of their operations.
Opportunity
AGCO’s focus for 2008 and beyond includes satisfying the needs of a rapidly changing agricultural market. Our challenge is to take advantage of these growing opportunities by developing new products and innovations, improving distribution and expanding business in emerging markets. We also have the opportunity to develop tractors and machinery to support the needs of fuel crop growers, evolve equipment to comply with bio-fuel requirements and be part of an industry that sets standards for bio-fuel cleanliness and performance. The developing markets of Russia and Eastern Europe provide a significant growth opportunity, and we are making investments to expand our distribution footprint in those regions. AGCO is committed to meeting or exceeding increasingly strict emissions requirements via our substantial product development efforts. We expect to grow AGCO by increasing the breadth of products, delivering technology-based solutions to our customers and expanding our presence in the emerging markets of the world with investments that drive market growth and deliver outstanding returns.
Strategy
The vision that guides our strategy is to provide “high-tech solutions for professional farmers feeding the world” by increasing the efficiency and productivity of farmers. AGCO’s mission is to achieve profitable growth through superior customer service, innovation, quality and
TRACTORS 68% PARTS 13% IMPLEMENTS AND OTHER 7% COMBINES 5% APPLICATION EQUIPMENT 4% HAY AND FORAGE 3%
SALES BY PRODUCT
commitment. Being successful requires consistent execution of strategic principles that drive performance every year. To ensure AGCO continues to improve its competitive position and its performance, we have put strategic initiatives in place aimed at growing our sales, reducing costs and better utilizing capital. Our growth strategies are focused on increasing investments in new products to provide leading technology to the family of AGCO brands. We are also working to improve our distribution network to expand our reach and upgrade our customer service. In addition, our cost reduction strategies drive the efficiency and productivity of our manufacturing and purchasing functions.
Whether it’s one acre or thousands of hectares, we’re dedicated to improving our customers’ productivity, efficiency and profitability. We’re confident that the quality of our products, combined with ingenuity of our employees and dealer network, will ensure that our customers and AGCO are Always Growing.
While I am proud of what we achieved in 2007, we have much work to do. I believe our business is well positioned to grow sustainably and profitably. AGCO’s achievements in 2007 establish a solid foundation for continued earnings growth. I thank our Board of Directors for their continued counsel and guidance. I am grateful for your confidence, and I look forward to the opportunities ahead for AGCO.
 Martin Richenhagen Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
        59% 22% 16%
3%
               45
2007
2006
2005
 EUROPE/AFRICA/MIDDLE EAST NORTH AMERICA SOUTH AMERICA EAST ASIA/PACIFIC
SALES BY GEOGRAPHIC REGION
