   TO OUR
Stockholders
  Martin Richenhagen
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
It is an exciting time to be in the agricultural industry. The global market for food production is changing, and AGCO is making significant investments to support our growth in the years ahead. The world’s population is expanding,
and per capita land available for food production is declining. There are emerging markets and expanding opportunities in Brazil, Eastern Europe and Asia. Farms are consolidating, driving an increase in mega-farming operations and growth in the sales of larger, more sophisticated farm equipment. There is also an accelerating demand for renewable energies among industrialized nations that has reduced global grain inventories and greatly improved commodity prices.
AGCO has ambitious plans to operate in these conditions and grow our global presence. We intend to maintain and develop our position as a technology leader and offer outstanding customer service as we redefine our place in the agricultural machinery industry.
2006 was an important year for AGCO – a year of transition. Important events included the retirement of our key founder, the shift
in corporate direction from growth through acquisition to organic growth and the rollout of a new strategic plan.
In August, Robert J. Ratliff retired as Chairman of the Board. Under Bob’s direction, AGCO became one of the largest agricultural equipment companies in the global marketplace. Over the course of the past 16 years, AGCO has been
a major force behind industry consolidation
with 21 key acquisitions that built our Company from $200 million in net sales in 1990 to more than $5.4 billion in 2006. Bob’s knowledge and expertise within the agricultural industry provided a solid foundation for AGCO’s growth and our future success. As Bob’s successor as Chairman and CEO, I would like to thank Bob for his vision and leadership during AGCO’s formative years.
In 2006, we introduced an aggressive, strategic business plan supported by organic growth initiatives that will continue our advancement as one of the leading players in the global agricultural machinery marketplace. Our strategic initiatives are grouped in three primary areas of focus: strength, performance and simplicity. The first area – strength – refers to growing our sales and global market position. We are focusing on our four key global brands, the quality of our dealer networks and the enhancement of our service support programs. We intend to solidify our technological advantage in the high-end professional farming segment, as well as provide an attractive value to our customers in the lower-end market segment.
We will augment our product line in a number of areas, most notably through a globally competitive harvesting offering.
In the second area – performance – we seek to increase our profitability by harmonizing and improving our processes. We have initiated a global best practice enterprise project to implement a common IT system. In addition, we will further leverage synergies between our business operations as well as optimize our global manufacturing and sourcing activities. Finally, we will continue to develop our most important resource, our employees. Through a number of key initiatives, we are providing them with a stimulating and motivating work environment in all regions.
In the third area – simplicity – we are aiming at optimizing our asset base and working capital requirements. The initiatives in this area seek to improve our production and inventory management processes. Our “build to order” initiative aims at introducing order-driven production in all of our operations. Our inventory initiatives seek to reduce investments in excess inventory, and our sourcing initiatives are aimed at lowering costs. These strategic initiatives will help us achieve our goals of improving our earnings and returns on capital.
AGCO’s financial performance in 2006 has the Company well- positioned to fund our strategic growth initiatives. In 2006, AGCO’s net sales were $5.4 billion, which were flat compared to 2005. Our 2006 adjusted earnings per share, excluding restructuring charges and a non-cash goodwill impairment charge, was $1.12.
In 2006, one of our primary objectives was to reduce working capital and generate cash flow. AGCO exceeded expectations
and generated record operating cash flow in 2006. This strong performance enabled us to reduce debt and improve our balance sheet. Our 2006 results were highlighted by record sales and
operating income in our Europe/ Africa/Middle East segment. In
our other regional segments, we experienced mixed results. South America’s weaker industry conditions resulted in sales declines, but our cost-reduction efforts allowed us to achieve improved operating income. The improvements in our European and South American segments were offset by lower sales and operating income in our North American and Asia/Pacific segments, where weaker market conditions impacted our results. In North America, our results were also negatively impacted by our initiatives to reduce working capital, where we successfully reduced dealer inventories. While this had a positive impact on our cash flow results in 2006, it also put pressure on our sales and operating income in North America.
AGCO derives strength from the heritage of our brands, and
our passion to develop innovative technologies. We are creating
a solid foundation for future growth by investing in our products. Our research and development investments in 2006 were up
by more than 20 percent from 2004 levels. Our increased R&D investment delivered more than 40 new products in 2006. Leading the way was our Fendt brand with 21 new tractor introductions
last year. Fendt products, which are manufactured in Germany, have been recognized worldwide as the pioneers in agricultural engineering for many years. Most recently, the 360 horsepower top Vario model received the Design Award of the Federal Republic
of Germany in Frankfurt in February 2007. Other 2006 product introductions include the world’s biggest tractor in the market today – the articulated, 4-wheel drive Challenger MT975B with 570 horsepower, and the Massey Ferguson, Gleaner and Challenger branded Class VIII combines with their 425 horsepower engines and fastest unloading rate in the industry. We also introduced one of the
$1.75
2004
$1.46 $1.12
2005 2006
      ADJUSTED EARNINGS PER SHARE
   67% 14% 7% 5% 4% 3%
SALES BY PRODUCT
TRACTORS
   PARTS
IMPLEMENTS AND OTHERS APPLICATION EQUIPMENT COMBINES
HAY AND FORAGE
     45

 most powerful and versatile 4-cylinder tractors in the market with the new N Series from Valtra.
During 2006, we began major improvement projects in our manufacturing facilities at Hesston, Kansas, and Marktoberdorf, Germany. These projects have three key objectives: 1) increase labor productivity, 2) further improve our product quality and 3) reduce our finished goods inventories. These initiatives represent significant investments in our plants and are expected to reduce our operating costs and satisfy the additional capacity requirements generated by our aggressive growth plan.
We also made significant investments in our SisuDiesel engine facility in Finland, adding capacity and a new robotics line, making
it one of the most advanced agricultural equipment manufacturing facilities in the world. In January 2007, we opened our new research and development center in Finland for our Valtra brand, underscoring our continuing commitment to providing some of the most innovative products and services in the industry.
In 2006, we entered new markets and are poised to enter into other emerging markets in the coming years. In May, AGCO formed a joint venture with the Russian SM Group called AGCO SM, of which we are the majority partner. This joint venture provides AGCO with access to one of Russia’s largest distribution networks
in this fast-growing, emerging market. Our licensee in India provides us with a low-cost tractor for export to other global markets as well as extensive distribution within the country. We are also improving our distribution channels in key markets. In North America, we
are engaging partners who share our same commitment for quality, customer service and success. Worldwide, we have consolidated
our brand offering. By focusing on just four key brands, we can
better implement product line additions, engine upgrades, advanced technologies and improved quality control. We are currently exploring sourcing materials, components and products from China in the near future and improving our distribution in that region. As we move forward, additional strategic partners and joint ventures will continue to enhance AGCO’s product portfolio and distribution network.
I want to thank everyone who contributed to our successes in
2006, especially our employees, our directors, our dealers and
our customers. We are unable to succeed without you and your commitment to AGCO and our future. I also want to express my appreciation to our stockholders. We are working hard to repay 61% your trust and to reward you for your investment.
Africa, Asia, Australia, Europe, North America, South America – wherever crops are grown, wherever livestock is raised, wherever high quality machinery is needed, AGCO brands are there. Ours are some of the most recognized and respected agricultural machinery brands
in the world. They deliver unmatched power, speed and efficiency, making AGCO a market leader in many parts of the world. Our brand line-up contains industry giants like Massey Ferguson, a perennial leader in the number of tractors sold worldwide; Fendt, a
global leader in technology development; Valtra, a market leader in the Nordic region of Europe and Brazil; and Challenger,
OUR BRANDS CONTINUE TO COVER MORE GROUND.
another growing worldwide brand sold through Caterpillar dealers
in both the North American and Eastern European markets. Today, our brands are helping us expand our global footprint even more, propelling us into rapidly emerging markets like Eastern Europe and East Asia. We’re not stopping there, however. As we see it, there’s plenty of ground left for
us to cover.
As we look ahead, we are inspired by the opportunities for our Company, and we remain focused on delivering the products and service levels that will drive strong financial results and keep AGCO “Always Growing.”
Martin Richenhagen Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
24% 12% 3%
ALWAYS
Moving
SALES BY GEOGRAPHIC REGION
EUROPE/AFRICA/MIDDLE EAST NORTH AMERICA
SOUTH AMERICA
EAST ASIA/PACIFIC
67
