 FELLOW
plant that will serve the local market while also supplying components, sub-assemblies and complete tractors for our new mid-size tractor platform globally. Finally, in Africa, we have strengthened our position by establishing manu- facturing capabilities in Algeria, investing in improved distribution and parts support, training local farmers on our model farm in Zambia and promoting international investment by sponsoring an annual Africa Summit in Berlin.
INVESTING IN TECHNOLOGY
Innovation initiatives are focused on projects that provide our customers with solutions to meet their need for improved efficiency, productivity and profitability. Increasingly, farmers are operating their farms like modern factories — accelerating the use of precision farming and fleet-management tech- nology to improve productivity. To lead this transformation, we have launched a new strategy named Fuse Technologies. This strategic platform is a commitment to provide customer solutions that optimize, coordinate and seamlessly connect their equipment and their farm. Fuse will connect all of AGCO’s technologies, including guidance, telematics, diag- nostics, seeding and application controls, yield monitoring, mobile apps and grain and protein management.
GROWING THROUGH GRAIN STORAGE
AND PROTEIN PRODUCTION SOLUTIONS
Substantial growth opportunities exist in both the protein production and grain storage sectors due to inefficiencies in the developing markets. Significant crop losses occur due to spillage and degradation during handling, storage and transportation. Our GSI products provide handling, conditioning and storage solutions to help customers reduce these post-harvest losses. Similar growth opportunities exist for GSI’s protein production offering. GSI chicken and pork production solutions — including nutrition, health, housing, feeding and environmental control — provide a significant opportunity to help our customers advance the efficiency of their operations.
IMPROVING ROIC
We launched strategic initiatives aimed at improving each of the building blocks that drive return on invested capital (ROIC). For AGCO, the key to higher ROIC is improved operating margins. We aim to reach our 10 percent goal by addressing a wide range of margin improvement oppor- tunities. These strategies include cost reduction from purchasing actions, factory productivity and new product development. In addition, sales growth achieved through success in emerging markets, as well as improved products and enhanced distribution is an important element of our margin improvement roadmap.
SHAREHOLDERS
Increasing population. Per capita income growth. Changing diets. Renewable energy demand. Economic expansion into China and India. I have been highlighting these trends for a decade and explaining how they will significantly increase global demand for grain and improve farm economics.
It is an environment in which AGCO can thrive. Our focus on high-tech solutions for farmers feeding the world presents us with tremendous opportunities. We are moving to capitalize on these opportunities by delivering on our strategic initiatives.
FINANCIAL RESULTS
2013 was a great year of accomplishment, marked by innovation across our business, record financial results and numerous other important steps to position the Company for the future. In 2013, sales grew approximately 8 percent to a record $10.8 billion and earnings per share reached $6.01, increasing approximately 13 percent compared to 2012. Healthy farm economics across the globe produced sales growth in all of AGCO’s operating regions. Operating margins improved over 100 basis points to 8.4 percent, demonstrating substantial progress toward our 10 percent target. We also generated strong free cash flow after funding significant investments in new product development, Tier 4 engine emission compliance, new technology in some of our factories and market development activity in China.
COMMITTED TO IMPROVING SHAREHOLDER RETURNS
When I joined AGCO 10 years ago, our strategy shifted to focus on organic growth and increased investment in our products and manufacturing capabilities. A decade later, sales have tripled, and the Company has grown earnings nearly five times. These improved financial results have translated into attractive returns for shareholders, with share price growth of 13 percent on a compound basis —
a nice premium to the S&P 500. Returning cash to share- holders is also an important component of investment returns. A healthy balance sheet and improved U.S. cash flow generation capacity enabled AGCO to launch a sizable share repurchase program and to increase our dividend during 2014 — further demonstrating our commitment
to drive attractive shareholder returns. Going forward,
we will take a disciplined approach to maintain our invest- ment-grade credit rating, grow our dividend and continue share repurchases.
EXECUTING A SUCCESSFUL STRATEGY
Being successful requires consistent execution against strategic principles, which are driven by vision and mission. Our clear vision at AGCO is to provide high-tech solutions for professional farmers feeding the world. We accomplish this by providing agricultural equipment that increases the efficiency and productivity of our customers. AGCO is dedicated to providing farmers the expertise they need to be successful. To ensure AGCO continues to improve its competitive position and its performance, we have put initiatives in place to grow our sales, reduce costs and better utilize capital. Equally as important, we are investing in new products, new technology and improved distribution to expand our margins and produce higher returns.
POSITIONED FOR GROWTH IN EMERGING MARKETS
Significant opportunity exists for our equipment to help improve yields in emerging agricultural regions around the world. In Brazil, agriculture continues to be an important part of the economy and a source of future growth. Brazil will benefit from the world’s growing demand for both food and fuel, and AGCO will benefit from its leadership position in this market.
There is an immense amount of land in Russia, Ukraine and Kazakhstan being farmed with inefficient machinery and inadequate storage and handling capabilities. During 2013, we took an important step toward expanding our business in Russia by signing an agreement to form a joint venture with a leading Russian industrial company, Russian Machines Corporation. Our joint venture partner will provide access to their supply chain, improve our local manufacturing capabilities, help strengthen our dealer network and provide local market expertise.
Farm consolidation in China has started, and demand for farm equipment is developing rapidly. In 2013, AGCO began assembling tractors in a leased facility in Changzhou, China. In 2014, we will open a new greenfield manufacturing
COMMITTED TO SUSTAINABILITY
Globally, AGCO provides technologies that help farmers maximize yields, reduce loss and conserve the resources that are key to meeting the growing need for food, fuel and fiber. We integrate sustainability into our business by evolving our operations to upgrade efficiency and resource management, as well as foster a safe, inclusive and produc- tive workplace. Our employees throughout the world are key partners in this journey. We look to them for new ideas to enhance efficiency, reduce costs, eliminate waste and create whole-farm technology solutions for our customers. Also, we have committed to strengthening relationships with preferred suppliers that support product quality, environmental stewardship and high labor standards.
In closing, I would like to thank you for your investment
in AGCO. I am also grateful to our customers, dealers and suppliers for their enduring relationships with us. Please know that we are working every day to create value. We see an unprecedented amount of long-term opportunity for the agricultural industry. Although much work remains, our products are making a difference to enable our customers to grow their businesses and help feed the world.
Martin Richenhagen
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
    8 AGCO 2013 ANNUAL REPORT
9
