Fellow Shareholders:
Our vision at AGCO is to provide high-tech solutions for professional farmers feeding the world. As we design, manufacture and support equipment that increases farmers’ efficiency and productivity, we also help solve one of our planet’s greatest challenges – feeding a population that
is expected to grow from 7 billion today to nearly 10 billion by 2050. To meet this demand, farmers will have to grow as much food over the next 50 years as they have over the full course of recorded history. To support this effort, AGCO must be at its best.
...we have put initiatives in place to grow our sales, improve distribution and reduce expenses in order to enhance margins and produce higher returns on invested capital.
2014 Performance
The past year was a challenging year for our industry and AGCO due to weakened market demand. The record grain harvest in the U.S., combined with healthy crop production across Western Europe and Brazil, resulted in increased grain inventories, which pressured soft commodity prices. Deteriorating farm economics negatively impacted farmer sentiment, and we experienced softer industry equipment demand in all major markets.
We took aggressive actions to manage our working capital and align our cost structure with weaker market conditions. Our disciplined inventory reduction program resulted in year- end inventories below 2013 levels, on a constant currency basis, despite falling demand. These and other actions helped make AGCO a leaner, more focused company better positioned for leadership in our competitive industry.
AGCO completed 2014 generating net sales of $9.7 billion, which was approximately 10 percent below 2013 levels. Adjusted net income for 2014 was $4.70 per share,
excluding restructuring and other infrequent expenses of $0.34 per share. Our financial discipline enabled us to generate over $130 million in free cash flow after funding significant investments in new product development, Tier 4 emission compliance and a new factory in China.
Focused on Shareholder Returns
With a healthy balance sheet, AGCO completed a $500 million share repurchase plan during 2014.
I am also pleased to report that a new $500 million plan was authorized in December 2014 to support future repurchases. We expect to generate strong cash flow
in 2015 and beyond to fund this plan. This new share repurchase program demonstrates our commitment
to driving attractive returns for our shareholders. Going forward, we also are committed to taking a disciplined approach to maintaining our investment-grade credit rating and growing our dividend.
Over the past decades, we have worked to have the right products and the right technology to compete effectively in today’s dynamic marketplace. To support this commitment, we have put initiatives in place to grow our sales, improve distribution and reduce expenses in order to enhance margins and produce higher returns on invested capital.
Precision Farming Innovation
Increasingly, farmers are operating their farms like modern factories as they accelerate the use of precision farming and fleet management technology to improve productivity. Consequently, adoption rates for our Fuse®Technologies products have increased dramatically over the last 18 months. Our customers view Fuse guidance and telemetry as top-of- the-line technology, and they will expect AGCO to lead the way to further enhance these established technologies. They also will expect us to deliver new technology solutions that help them manage their operations. From implement control to monitoring and improved mobility, AGCO plans to continue to deliver new products in 2015 and beyond. We expect to also begin to integrate technology products and services to create complete solutions that allow
farmers to take full advantage of the growing amount of data they now have available. Through Fuse, AGCO is well-positioned to benefit from the technological revolution now taking place in the agricultural equipment industry.
Strategic Priorities Remain in Place
Despite the market challenges, our priorities remain unchanged, focusing on margin performance and cash generation, while providing superior products and services to our customers. Balancing near-term cost reductions with continued investment in longer-term growth initiatives is our goal. In addition to adjusting our costs and workforce to better match the current demand environment, our ongoing cost reduction efforts focused on materials and direct labor productivity remain intact. Through our AGCO Production Systems initiatives, we are improving direct labor efficiency through our investments in new manufacturing technology and continuous improvement efforts. Our Global Purchasing Excellence (GPE) program, which transformed our factory-based purchasing function into new global commodity-based purchasing teams, is also attacking material costs. These commodity-based teams have better market and product knowledge, which, along with global sourcing expertise, helps us make better purchasing decisions and lower costs.
Growing AGCO around the world also remains a major focus. We are continuing to pursue growth opportunities with our GSI business. Inefficiencies in handling crops after harvest create significant opportunities for our grain storage and handling business, especially in the developing markets. On the protein production side of the business, increasing global protein consumption presents a major opportunity. Significant differences in productivity levels exist based upon degree of use of modern pork and chicken production practices, including genetics, nutrition, health, housing, feeding and environmental control. We also are targeting growth for our traditional agricultural equipment products. Tremendous opportunity exists for our equipment to help improve yields in emerging agricultural regions
around the world. Africa, Brazil and Eastern Europe all present significant growth opportunities. We are investing in new products, improved distribution and enhanced dealer service capabilities to capture growth in these areas. In addition, there are opportunities to grow outside our tractor business. AGCO is a global leader in tractor sales, and we are working to leverage our strong brands with new and improved harvesting products and enhanced distribution capabilities.
Despite the market challenges, our priorities remain unchanged, focusing on margin performance and cash generation, while providing superior products and services to our customers.
More Potential Ahead
AGCO has grown significantly during the past decade, and I’m proud to be part of our organization’s progress. We have accomplished a great deal, with much yet to achieve to realize our full potential. AGCO is in an excellent position to help agriculture meet the daunting challenge
of feeding a growing planet. Our high-tech solutions are making professional farmers more productive, and this bodes well for all of our stakeholders.
In closing, I want to thank our customers and dealers for their business and support, our shareholders for their confidence in our Company and over 20,000 employees worldwide for their dedication. It is AGCO’s people who are turning our vision into reality everywhere we do business, every day.
Martin Richenhagen
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
               23
