Martin Richenhagen President and Chief Executive Officer

To Our Stockholders
March 17, 2006
As one of the world's leading manufacturers and distributors of agricultural equipment, AGCO confronts a quickly changing global market each year. Worldwide industry equipment demand declined in 2005 which presented many challenges for the Company. Nevertheless, AGCO was able to achieve record revenues thanks to our proven business strategies and the hard work of AGCO dealers and personnel. In addition, we had many other achievements in 2005 which gives me great optimism for the future. In 2005, the largest reductions in industry demand were in Western Europe and South America. In Western Europe, industry demand declined due to drought conditions in southern Europe and uncertainty over changing government support programs. In South America, industry demand declined due to drought conditions in southern Brazil and reduced farm profits resulting from both lower commodity prices and the impact of continued strengthening of the Brazilian currency on exports. Despite these challenging market conditions, AGCO's net sales increased to approximately $5.4 billion in 2005. Net sales increased primarily in North America and the Europe/Africa/Middle East region offsetting declines in South America. Outside of North America, Western Europe and South America, AGCO's net sales for the full year of 2005 were approximately 30%
$1.75 $1.46 $1.25

higher than 2004 due to higher sales in the Middle East and Eastern Europe. As we review our sales performance in 2005, we see convincing evidence that our products and core brands are very well accepted all over the world. AGCO's 2005 adjusted earnings per share was $1.46 compared to $1.75 in 2004. The significant decline in our profitable South American market was the principal cause of our earnings shortfall in 2005. Weak market conditions, lower production and the negative impact of the strong Brazilian currency severely reduced our South America profitability in 2005. Although we were unable to fully offset this significant obstacle, we demonstrated impressive earnings growth in our Europe/Africa/Middle East region due to stronger operating margins. This proves our initiatives for productivity gains, new products and cost control are taking effect. Focus on the Customer Our business strategies are driven by our vision to be the leading provider of "high-tech solutions for professional farmers feeding the world." We are focused on meeting the specific needs of professional farmers and exceeding their expectations with highquality products, unsurpassed customer support services and the most efficient systems for production and distribution. As the world's population continues to grow rapidly ­ increasing global demand for food and alternative fuels from farm products ­ the amount of land available for agriculture is declining due to a host of factors, including erosion, desertification and encroaching urban settlement and infrastructure. To meet the challenge, professional farmers must become more efficient and productive every year ­ and AGCO can help. Today, AGCO provides a full range of high-quality products for professional farmers. This includes a variety of tractors, combines, hay and forage equipment, advanced technology solutions for precision farming, innovative application equipment, industry-leading systems to enhance tractor performance and one of the world's most efficient transmissions for agricultural

2003

2004

2005

Adjusted Earnings Per Share
4 AGCO Corporation 2005 Annual Report

equipment. In key markets around the world, we're helping professional farmers increase efficiency and productivity to grow their businesses. A World of Solutions Our business operations are organized in four primary markets and we are well positioned to take advantage of opportunities for continued growth.

unique à-la-carte philosophy, allowing customers to customize their tractors by choosing from a comprehensive range of transmissions, hydraulics, cabs and other options. We also introduced the latest range of our high-performance, low-emission SisuDieselTM engines. A key component of our business strategy is an ongoing commitment to cost control and the re-structuring of our combine production facility in Randers, Denmark, is a good example. Simply stated, this facility has been transformed to a more cost-efficient "assemblyonly" operation. This gives AGCO a more competitive position in the development of a high-performance combine to accelerate growth in the European combine business and lead the industry in the future.

Europe/Africa/Middle East
Even with the decline in industry demand in Western Europe, AGCO brands were able to prosper in the region with high-quality products and continued growth in our distribution network. This region is our primary market in terms of sales and our three core brands ­ Fendt ®, Massey Ferguson ® and Valtra® ­ are leading brands with distinguished reputations and loyal customers. The Fendt brand has long been associated with innovative technology and superior engineering that drive increased productivity. The Fendt 900 Series tractors introduced in 2005 continue this proud tradition, offering professional farmers a range of exceptional high-horsepower products with highly efficient transmissions and tractor management systems. With 360 horsepower and a top speed of 60 kilometers/ hour, the Fendt 936 Vario tractor is one of the world's most powerful standard configuration tractors and one of the fastest tractors of its type. In the last two years, Massey Ferguson has relaunched its tractor line to provide the broadest, most innovative range of equipment in its long history. There are now more than forty new and different tractors in eight different ranges with horsepower ratings from 33 to 290 horsepower. The strong acceptance by professional farmers in the past year was an important factor in growing our market presence in the region. Over the last two years, Massey Ferguson has won more European machinery awards than any other manufacturer. In 2005, Valtra launched its N Series tractor with six models ranging from 100 to 150 horsepower. The new series offers optimal versatility, agility and efficiency in its size class. In addition, the N Series reflects Valtra's

one the country's most important fuel sources since the 1970s. In 2005, Valtra became the first and only tractor manufacturer to develop an official program for field evaluation of the use of various biodiesel fuels. The Valtra Biodiesel Project involves universities, suppliers and dealers in order to guarantee rigorous monitoring and reliable data. The project also reflects Valtra's commitment to providing innovative solutions for professional farmers, including new technologies and an expanding range of products. Although farmers face near-term challenges, the continuing agricultural development of the Mato Grosso area of Brazil should provide significant opportunity for AGCO as the region's leading supplier of innovative, high-horsepower tractors and combines.

South America
Despite the sharp decline of industry demand in Brazil last year, Massey Ferguson sustained its leadership in the tractor business and a strong market position in the combine business. There is also increasing demand for advanced technology, including solutions used for precision farming such as the Auto-GuideTM and Fieldstar ® systems available from AGCO Global Technologies. Brazil has pioneered the development of alternative and renewable fuels from agricultural products. It is a world leader in sugar cane production and biofuel has been

North America
This market, including the U.S., Canada and Mexico, presents the greatest opportunity for AGCO to increase market share and profitability. Today, we are bringing an increasing number of highly respected global brands to this market using our efficient marketing and distribution systems. This provides our dealers and their customers with a wider range of innovative products and expert customer support services. The Challenger ® brand, sold through the Caterpillar ® distribution system, continues to show positive growth in terms of sales, market share and dealer engagement levels. In addition, we continue to improve the dealer network in order to enhance efficiency and consistency. We are creating a system of stronger dealerships to meet the specific requirements of professional farmers. A strong dealer network is the foundation of our future success in markets around the world.

Europe/Africa/Middle East 55%

North America 29% South America 12% East Asia/Pacific 4%

East Asia/Pacific
Market conditions throughout the region improved steadily last year, driven by strong economic growth in China. In the Australian market, AGCO brands are well established and we continued our growth in the business of high-horsepower tractors. We also introduced dedicated resources to focus on precision farming systems that are in high demand by the professional farmer, and acceptance of our products in this crowded but important segment has been favorable. AGCO Corporation 2005 Annual Report 5

Sales by Geographic Region

Tractors: 66% Parts: 13% Implements and Other: 7% Application Equipment: 6% Combines: 5% Hay and Forage: 3%

Growth through Synergy At AGCO, we are committed to achieving growth through positive synergy ­ that is, a more efficient, more productive interaction of AGCO companies and competencies leading to new opportunities in the global marketplace. For example, in 2005, we integrated specific business support activities and distribution for Valtra and Fendt in the Scandinavian region. Valtra migrated from a direct distribution system to participate in distribution partnerships. The result was a more efficient delivery system for products and parts and more product offerings for AGCO dealers and their customers. State-of-the-art production techniques and manufacturing expertise developed by Valtra facilities in Finland were used to enhance production processes at the AGCO manufacturing facility in Beauvais, France. There was significant improvement last year in material flow, assembly processes and inventory reduction in Beauvais. The overall result was greater factory consistency of pace and build for improved productivity. For 2006 and beyond, our objective is to improve margins and asset returns through the achievement of our cost reduction and inventory management initiatives. In addition, we have a significant range of new products that will be introduced throughout the year to further enhance our competitive position in key markets. We are also dedicated to improving the quality of our products and enhancing our distribution and customer support networks in all markets. While we remain committed to our multiple-brand strategy, we have consolidated brands in the last year. We will continue to simplify all aspects of our business and reduce internal complexity in order to enhance efficiency and profitability while providing outstanding service. To ensure the success of ongoing strategic initiatives, we have made key additions to our management team recruited worldwide who will drive our strategic planning

and integration processes, helping us to identify and implement our most vital global initiatives. Thinking "Outside the Box" In 2005, we simplified the design of our corporate logo. The new design reflects our position as an innovative global leader in our industry and symbolizes our commitment to thinking "outside the box." The new color unites our proud heritage (in the traditional orange of AGCO Tractor products) and our continuing success today (in the hot red of Massey Ferguson products). The graphic box surrounding our familiar "farm-field" triangle is gone. Yes, we are thinking "outside the box" to develop innovative solutions, drive corporate growth through synergy and pursue new opportunities worldwide. I am confident that by thinking outside the box, we will deliver exceptional value to our customers, dealers and stockholders.

Sales by Product New Opportunities There is significant opportunity for growth in Russia, Ukraine, Kazakhstan and other countries of the former Soviet Union. In these areas, there is strong demand for more powerful and efficient agricultural machinery. For Russia and Eastern Europe, we plan to develop distribution for imported product as the professionalism of farmers improves and potentially move to appropriate local production that qualifies for local government subsidies. Challenger products are already driving AGCO's success in this region, building on our valuable alignment with the exceptional network of Caterpillar dealers worldwide. The agricultural market in China is under growing pressure to increase production to meet rising demand and this has led to increased pressure on farmers and agricultural machinery to provide higher productivity. In 2005, AGCO delivered the first Challenger track tractors and advanced Fendt 926 tractors for use on large-acreage farms. These large tractors were in addition to several hundred Valtra tractors delivered during the year, making AGCO the number one imported tractor into China. In addition, there are more and more of our reliable Hesston ® balers at work throughout the country.
6 AGCO Corporation 2005 Annual Report

Martin Richenhagen President and Chief Executive Officer

