CHAIRMAN'S MESSAGE
important research and development efforts and capital expenditure programs at high levels. Our financial discipline enabled us to generate over $100 million in free cash flow, finishing the year with the strongest balance sheet in AGCO's history. Our credit rating was lifted to investment grade on March 5, 2010, in recognition of AGCO's financial accomplishments.

Positive Outlook
In 2010, we expect slow economic recovery and soft end-market demand. Longer term, we continue to see significant opportunities. The world's population is growing rapidly and the demand for food is increasing. Economic expansion in Asia is shifting dietary preferences toward meat-based protein. Growing food consumption, combined with the demands for renewable energy, are lowering grain reserves, resulting in higher commodity prices and stimulating farm productivity. Professional farm machinery will be one of the key factors in producing increased crop yields in future years. Our line-up of advanced products has AGCO well-positioned to make our customers more productive.

Fellow Stockholders,
We are starting 2010 a stronger, better positioned company than a year ago. In 2009, we faced a difficult economic environment and challenging business conditions for our customers, our dealers and our industry. AGCO's financial strength and prudent investment approach enabled us to meet the challenge head-on. Our employees demonstrated significant flexibility in adapting to changing market conditions, and through hard work, they delivered solid profitability, generated strong cash flow and improved our balance sheet. During 2009, AGCO also made important progress in the key areas of product development and technological innovation to position us for success in the years ahead.

Better Solutions for Our Customers
Our innovative products provide our customers with high-tech solutions to meet the need for improved productivity and profitability. AGCO SISU POWER introduced an important innovation in engine technology for farm equipment, the e3 Selective Catalytic Reduction (SCR) engine, which offers an effective method for emission control while producing a substantial improvement in fuel economy. AGCO's new Hybrid combine was previewed in 2009 at Europe`s premier farm show, Agritechnica, and boasts an innovative

2009 Results
AGCO completed 2009 generating net sales of $6.6 billion, 21% below 2008. Net income for 2009 was $1.55 per share, excluding restructuring and other infrequent expenses of $0.11 per share. Our disciplined inventory reduction program cut company and dealer inventories by more than $550 million on a constant currency basis, compared to December 2008. We maintained our strategically

4

processing method, producing significantly more output than conventional machines. The new hybrid combine received Agritechnica's prestigious "Machine of the Year" award. AGCO's new high-horsepower tractor lines for the Challenger, Massey Ferguson and Valtra brands utilize AGCO's industry-leading CVT transmission, driving fuel efficiency and productivity. The redesigned cab is the largest in the industry, providing more comfort, convenience and control to the operator. These tractors were one of five AGCO products to receive AE50 Awards from the American Society of Agricultural and Biological Engineers for engineering innovation.

customers. We expect to increase our production capabilities in Russia over the next few years to further strengthen our position in this market. Farm consolidation in China is expected to provide an opportunity for larger, more productive farm machinery in the coming years. AGCO is investing in production facilities in China to serve the local market and to source to other regions. Africa also has significant potential for increasing agricultural production. By leveraging our existing distribution network in Africa, we will be in position to benefit from positive trends in this market.

Commitment to Our Communities Investments to Improve Operating Performance
We are executing a number of initiatives aimed at growing our sales, reducing expenses and better utilizing capital. AGCO is investing in new products, strengthening distribution and expanding in developing markets to grow our sales. Our manufacturing team is focused on enhancing the efficiency and productivity of our production facilities by implementing the AGCO Production System (APS), which drives a global approach to continuous improvement in our factories. We are working to better leverage the scale of our business with global purchasing initiatives, including our best-cost country sourcing from Asia and Eastern Europe. Our social responsibility efforts are focused in three areas: demonstrating good citizenship, maintaining strong ethical standards and offering a workplace that protects our employees and provides advancement opportunities. AGCO works to have a positive impact in the communities where we operate. As we approach AGCO's 20th anniversary on June 20, 2010, I would like to thank our employees and dealers for their continued dedication to achieving our goals and for the important role they play in accomplishing our mission of profitable growth through superior customer service, innovation, quality and commitment. Together, we are laying the foundation for growth in the next 20 years. Finally, I thank my fellow shareholders for your continuing confidence. We have substantial opportunities ahead to deliver more for our customers and build value for you. I look forward to reporting on our continuing progress.

Developing Market Opportunities
AGCO also is pursuing global growth opportunities. Developing markets in the CIS countries provide significant growth potential. Investments in dealer training and parts and service support are targeted at improving our distribution and the service experience of our

Martin Richenhagen
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

5

