  To Our Investors
a year of transformation
In 2006, Allergan recorded the largest increase in sales in any one year in over 0 years of our operations, with an increase of almost $700 million over 200 sales. At approximately
$3 billion, sales increased 30 percent over 200. In addition to achieving our primary sales and cost synergy goals for the integration of the Inamed Corporation, we are particularly pleased by the continued strong organic growth of our pharma- ceutical businesses, with organic sales increasing 18 percent over 200.(1) Expansion occurred on a broad front: Our eye care pharmaceuticals product line, BOTOX® Cosmetic and BOTOX® therapeutic all grew by double digits in all operating regions: North America, Europe, Latin America and Asia Pacific.
Diluted Earnings Per Share (EPS) for 2006 were $3.66, adjusted for several items principally related to the accounting treatment of the acquisition of Inamed, merger-related integration and transition costs, and the restructuring of our pharmaceutical operations in Europe. This EPS result marked an increase of
18 percent over the adjusted EPS result for 200,(2) even as we continued to invest vigorously in the company’s long-term growth and innovation.
In 2006, we invested $76 million in research and development (R&D), excluding the $79 million in-process R&D charge related to the Inamed acquisition and adjusted for other smaller non- GAAP items, which marked an increase of 22 percent over 200.(3) Operating cash flow post-capital expenditures was a
 strong $616 million, compared to $36 million in 200, which has led to a high cash balance of $1. billion at year end and
a net debt position of only $339 million after our expenditure of $1. billion in cash on the Inamed acquisition. This strong balance sheet gives us ample flexibility for acquisitions and in-licensing activities in the future.
acquisition of inamed and leadership
in medical aesthetics
As we have grown our BOTOX® Cosmetic franchise, we held a long-standing strategic interest in medical aesthetics, a fast-growing category driven by consumers’ universal desire to enhance their personal appearance.
In March, we completed the acquisition of Inamed for a consideration of approximately $3. billion, and in January 2007 completed the follow-on acquisition of Groupe Cornéal Laboratoires in France, the inventor of our JUVÉDERMTM line of dermal fillers, for approximately $220 million.
®
By marrying our leading BOTOX Cosmetic franchise with the
breast aesthetics and dermal filler product lines from these two companies, we realized our goal of establishing Allergan as the largest medical aesthetics company in the world.
The approval of JUVÉDERMTM by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in June and the landmark approvals of our INAMED® Silicone-Filled Breast Implants by Health Canada in October and the FDA in November, have validated both our acquisition strategy as well as our financial model for the Inamed acquisition.
With the acquisition of Inamed, we also acquired two promising obesity intervention products, LAP-BAND® Adjustable Gastric Banding System and the BIBTM BioEnterics® Intragastric Balloon. Given the obesity crisis in the developed world, these products, which offer lower cost and less invasive surgical alternatives
(1) Excludes the impact of BOTOX® sales in Japan of $38.8 million in 2005. GAAP sales growth of pharmaceutical products was 16 percent in 2006.
(2) Adjustments to GAAP diluted earnings per share used to calculate diluted earnings per share, adjusted for non-GAAP items, include the aggregate non-GAAP adjustments, net of tax, detailed on pages 2 and 3 in this Annual Report, and for the purpose of calculating the increase in adjusted EPS of 18 percent in 2006 compared to 2005, also excludes the $0.21 per share impact of expensing stock options in 2006. GAAP diluted loss per share was $0.87 in 2006 compared to GAAP diluted earnings per share of $3.01 in 2005.
(3) Adjustments to GAAP research and development expense used to calculate research and development expense, adjusted for non-GAAP items, include $579.3 million of in-process research and development expense, $0.2 million of integration and transition costs related to the Inamed acquisition and
$0.5 million of transition/duplicate operating expenses related to the restructuring and streamlining
of European operations. GAAP research and development expense was $1,055.5 million in 2006, a 171.8 percent increase over 2005.
to traditional gastric bypass procedures, are high-potential growth opportunities in which we plan to fully invest.
To further focus and build awareness for our efforts, we established Allergan Medical as a division in the latter part of the year that is comprised of our facial and breast aesthetic portfolio, as well as our rapidly growing obesity intervention business. The new division also encompasses our physician- dispensed skin care products, including M.D. FORTE® and PREVAGE® MD.
global eye care growth
For the fifth consecutive year, Allergan has been the world’s fastest-growing global eye care company when one excludes retinal therapeutics,(4) a segment in which Allergan’s R&D candidates have not yet been commercialized. In the third quarter of 2006, in terms of in-market sales, per IMS Global, Allergan narrowly overtook Pfizer to become the second- largest global ophthalmic pharmaceutical company.(4)
Overall, our eye care pharmaceuticals business grew 16 percent in a world market growing at 7 percent. We made particularly good progress in glaucoma, the largest segment of the ophthalmic pharmaceutical market, with LUMIGAN® (including GANFORTTM, our LUMIGAN® and timolol fixed combination agent), which grew 22 percent over 200. With sales of $327 million, the LUMIGAN® franchise is currently ranked third-largest by value in the world.(4)
Further strengthening the franchise, the FDA approved LUMIGAN® for first-line treatment. GANFORTTM, approved in the European Union in March 2006, has since been launched in the most important European markets. Given the new maximum medical therapy option it offers, GANFORTTM has enjoyed good uptake.
Our ALPHAGAN® franchise also enjoyed fresh impetus resulting from the broad availability and excellent physician acceptance
of COMBIGANTM, our ALPHAGAN® and timolol fixed combination, in global markets outside the United States. COMBIGANTM provides a dual mechanism of action resulting from two active pharmaceutical ingredients, brimonidine and timolol. This action produces powerful intraocular pressure reduction. Success of COMBIGANTM has provided incremental patients and market share. In the United States, we launched ALPHAGAN® P 0.1% in early 2006. We have been pleased with the uptake of this innovative formulation of ALPHAGAN®, which reduces drug exposure while achieving efficacy equivalent to the original ALPHAGAN®.
At the end of the year, we received an approvable letter from the FDA for COMBIGANTM, in which the FDA suggested an additional confirmatory study to address certain questions. Allergan had already commenced such a clinical study at the end of 200 to address those questions.
In dry eye, the second-largest ophthalmic pharmaceutical segment, Allergan also demonstrated excellent performance. RESTASIS® is the only therapeutic agent approved in the United States to treat an underlying cause of chronic dry eye disease, in contrast to traditional artificial tears which are designed to alleviate the symptoms. RESTASIS® generated sales of $270 million, an increase of 2 percent over the prior year.
Outside of the United States, we also enjoyed double-digit
growth with our artificial tears line, led by the REFRESH® brand, consolidating our position as world market leader. In the United
States, we launched OPTIVETM. Building on the unique dual-action  formulation of OPTIVETM that provides lubrication and osmopro-
tection to relieve dry eye symptoms, we intend to establish it as the most advanced artificial tear on the market. In addition, we recorded good sales gains for several other products: ZYMAR®,
    ® a fourth-generation anti-infective, ELESTAT
Europe as RELESTAT®) and ACULAR LS®.
(marketed in
(4) Intercontinental Medical Statistics (IMS): Q3 2006, in constant exchange, for the trailing 12 months as of September 2006.

                             Allergan Accolades
botox®: blockbuster status and beyond
With BOTOX®, Allergan has demonstrated the ability to nurture and grow a remarkably versatile and therapeutically distinguished platform. In 2006, BOTOX® achieved true blockbuster status, joining the exclusive ranks of pharmaceutical products to achieve greater than $1 billion in sales. Sales recorded by Allergan were $982 million, to which we can add GlaxoSmithKline’s (GSK) sales of BOTOX® in Japan and China.
Excluding Japan, Allergan’s sales of BOTOX® increased by
24 percent, marking a reacceleration from the 18 percent growth rate achieved in 2005.(5) Both the cosmetic and therapeutic franchises enjoyed robust growth across a broad range of countries in all continents. Our therapeutic business continued a similar trend to 2005, enjoying 17 percent growth. With 32 percent growth, our cosmetic business demonstrated a significant acceleration.(6) We attribute this faster sales growth to the creation of two separately focused sales and marketing organizations over the course of the last two years. At the beginning of 2006, we also doubled both our therapeutic and aesthetic sales forces in the United States.
These initiatives have enabled us to dedicate ourselves to the very different needs of the therapeutic and aesthetic customer groups. Given our economies of scale in medical aesthetics, we have continued this process of separation and focus worldwide as part of the integration of Inamed.
6 Our market share of the top 10 global markets remained steady at 91 percent, despite the entry of new competitors, due principally to market share gains in Europe in both the aesthetic and therapeutic franchises.(7)
Our skin care business, with sales of $126 million, grew 5 percent with TAZORAC® strengthening its position as the most potent topical retinoid available for the treatment of psoriasis and acne. TAZORAC® was the only branded topical retinoid to
Allergan ranked number 6 in “America’s Best Managed Companies”
January 2006
Allergan ranked number 1 in
the Pharmaceutical/Specialty category for “America’s Most Shareholder Friendly Companies”
January 2006
Allergan ranked in Top 5 among companies catering to Baby Boomers
January 2006
Forbes
Institutional Investor
BusinessWeek
Pharma Exec World
Allergan ranked number 37 out of 50 in the “World’s Top 50 Pharma Companies”
January 2006
Orange County Business Journal
David Pyott named one of
Orange County’s “Most Influential Businesspeople” in health care
May 2006
Her Majesty the Queen’s Birthday Honors List
David Pyott honored as Commander of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire
June 2006
gain treatment market share in the dermatology channel, a declining market subject to more generic prescriptions.(8)
structured for success
Our pharmaceutical operations reaped the benefits of the many structural changes that we had undertaken in 2005. We out-licensed BOTOX® in Japan and China to GSK and are pleased with the results. In addition to achieving gratifying 2006 sales in Japan, in the third quarter of 2006, GSK launched BOTOX®
in China for the therapeutic indications of blepharospasm and hemifacial spasm. The company also filed the Japanese equivalent of a New Drug Application (NDA) for BOTOX® Cosmetic.
As part of this out-licensing transaction, we received U.S. co-promotion rights from GSK for Imitrex StatDose System® and Amerge®, indicated for migraine treatment, enabling us to double the size of our neurosciences sales force. This increased market coverage led to an appreciable increase in the sales trajectory of BOTOX® for approved therapeutic indications.
By closing our R&D centers in France and Japan, and scaling
our R&D network from four centers to two, we are now concentrating all our clinical development activities for Europe in the United Kingdom. As a result of this streamlining, we were able to create separate teams of regulatory affairs and clinical development specialists with increased ability to expand the volume of clinical trials in Europe.
The strong pharmaceutical results are an accolade for our management team across all functions that was able to absorb significant growth and restructuring and the considerable challenges of the Inamed integration.
(5) Sales of BOTOX® in Japan in 2005 were $38.8 million. GAAP sales growth for BOTOX®, which includes the 2005 BOTOX® sales in Japan, was 18 percent in 2006. ®
(6) Estimated growth rates and the breakout between therapeutic and cosmetic BOTOX sales are subjectively determined based on management estimates. The estimated growth of BOTOX® therapeutic sales excludes the impact of BOTOX® sales in Japan of $38.8 million in 2005. The estimated growth rate for BOTOX® therapeutic sales including the impact of 2005 BOTOX® sales in Japan was 8 percent in 2006.
(7) Allergan market estimates.
(8) Verispan, VONA, MAT, December 2006.
positioned for growth & innovation
Our dynamic results and market position have enabled us to attract and retain some of the best talent in the health care industry. These strengths have also made us an attractive partner for companies and researchers in the fields of eye care and medical aesthetics.
We believe our portfolio of recently approved products gives us great growth momentum for the coming years. In addition, Allergan has a rich and well-balanced pharmaceutical R&D pipeline. To cite just some of our initiatives:
• We have in development retinal therapeutics to treat conditions such as: age-related macular degeneration, the leading cause of blindness in developed countries; macular edema; retinal vein occlusion; and a unique proprietary delivery system, the POSURDEX® bioerodable implant, to deliver these drugs to the back of the eye.
• We have just finished our first Phase III clinical trial for memantine, a compound already approved by the FDA for the treatment of Alzheimer’s disease, as a prospective treatment for glaucoma. While memantine did not show a benefit as assessed by the functional measure chosen as the primary endpoint in the first of our two clinical trials, memantine
did show a clinical benefit of the highest dose compared to placebo in the functional measure chosen as a secondary endpoint. With a pioneering program that can potentially transform the current treatment paradigm, it was not surprising that it was the secondary functional measure that showed clinical benefit. If eventually proven effective in glaucoma, memantine would be the first breakthrough treatment to directly address the protection of the optic nerve rather than by alleviating intraocular pressure as a means of slowing the glaucomatous loss of visual function. In 2007, we also currently plan to file with the FDA an enhanced version of LUMIGAN® – LUMIGAN® X.
• With BOTOX®, we are pursuing clinical trials for chronic migraine and overactive bladder. We are also working on a next-generation neuromodulator that can be targeted to specific tissues, offering the potential to treat a host of new diseases.
• Pursuingnewtechnologies,wearedevelopingauniqueclassof alpha agonists to treat pain. They represent a promising area of opportunity for non-addictive and non-sedating compounds.
• Advancing our proton pump inhibitor program for the treatment of gastric ulcers, we have entered into discussions to potentially out-license these compounds, as they fall outside our current area of strategic focus.
• With plans to expand our medical device R&D portfolio, we are committed to developing next-generation biomaterials for our breast aesthetics product line as well as next-generation dermal fillers and gastric bands.
While we have tremendous momentum for the coming years, we are also looking to provide Allergan with strong growth drivers throughout the next decade. For this reason, we remain keenly focused on continued major investment in R&D to further advance and build out our already strong pipeline.
Over the last few years, we have also invested considerably in
sales force expansion as well as in direct-to-consumer advertising
for our leading brands, BOTOX® and RESTASIS®, in addition 7 to a highly-innovative campaign for the LAP-BAND® System in
2006. Today, Allergan has the largest ophthalmic sales force in
the world outside of Japan, where our products are out-licensed
to partners. As a company we are also currently spending more
than $100 million on consumer advertising.
We are now entering a phase where we can start to leverage these significant investments. With changes in selling models
    
                         The Sunday Times
David Pyott tabbed as one of the “Top 25 Britons Who Call the Shots in America”
October 2006
Orange County Chapter of the National Investor Relations Institute
Jeffrey Edwards named “CFO of the Year in Orange County”
December 2006
Orange County Register
David Pyott named “CEO of the Year in Orange County”
December 2006
Institutional Investor
David Pyott named one of the “Top CEOs”
January 2007
 8
in the pharmaceutical industry, we are also committed to exploring new and more efficient sales and marketing methods suited to our specialty markets. We are strongly positioned to do so: Our people are already focused on our industry’s two critical success factors, innovation and serving our customers. Although we are vertically integrated into manufacturing and discovery research, about 50 percent of our present workforce is employed in either R&D or field sales.
a unique company in the pharma and
medtech industry
With only a few business processes left to integrate in Europe, we have nearly completed our integration of Inamed. As a company, Allergan is now in a unique position to build on multiple entries and strong market positions in many high- growth specialty markets. We have a broad portfolio of pharmaceutical products with high-growth potential, the most attractive portfolio of high-growth potential medical aesthetics products in the industry, and the world’s leading obesity intervention product line.
Along with this breadth comes the diversification of risk: Our top product, BOTOX®, currently accounts for less than one- third of total sales, and our top five products currently account for approximately two-thirds of sales. With the potential for a challenging reimbursement and pricing environment in the United States, Europe and other leading global markets in the coming years, we are uniquely positioned with roughly one-third of our sales being products that are paid electively out of pocket.
Developing, marketing and selling pharmaceuticals, medical devices and consumer products in markets with different characteristics and regulatory environments requires a unique blend of management skills and experience. We possess this blend. We also possess a unique combination of short- and long-cycle products as well as the ability to innovate both with “homegrown” compounds and devices, as well as through
in-licensing and acquiring new technologies. Thus equipped, we look forward to demonstrating across-the-board performance in the year to come and further into the future.
In addition, the guidance of our strong and experienced Board of Directors has helped management steer a good course in times of great change. I am pleased to welcome to the Board, Dr. Deborah Dunsire, Chief Executive Officer of Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a leading biotechnology company.
Dr. Dunsire has spent her career in the pharmaceutical industry around the world. I also especially wish to thank Handel Evans, who is planning to retire from the Board at the 2007 Annual Stockholders’ Meeting, for 17 years of dedicated service and wise counsel to Allergan since its spin-off from SmithKline.
For the many accomplishments in 2006, both in ongoing operations and the integration of Inamed, I wish to recognize our thousands of employees around the world. Whether they have joined us from Inamed, have been with Allergan for years, or are new members of the team, they have demonstrated exceptional hard work, creativity and dedication. They have also demonstrated themselves to be individuals driven not only to make a difference but also to make the biggest difference they can — in helping people live better every day.
This year of transformation has inspired us, and I look forward to applying the full measure of our energy and enthusiasm to reaching further — in the relationships we value, the markets we serve, and the treatment paradigms we seek to advance.
David E. I. Pyott
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
  