Our strategy for sustainable growth
To Our Investors
After the strong 29 percent sales growth we enjoyed in 2007, 2008 was a challenging year financially given the worldwide economic downturn. However, 2008 also represented a time for reflection and assessment of our short- and long-term opportunities, enabling us to emerge from 2008 stronger and better prepared for the challenges ahead. Even in a difficult economic climate with various external, uncontrollable factors impacting our businesses, Allergan draws stability, strength and value from its Growth Equation -- a business model that balances diverse specialties with a focused approach and a leadership presence in markets around the globe. The net sales growth of 12 percent we achieved in 2008 was quite different from our expectations at the start of the year, particularly with regard to continued strong expansion of the medical aesthetics business that includes BOTOX® Cosmetic, dermal fillers and breast aesthetics. Late in the first quarter, we began to experience the impact of cutbacks in U.S. consumer spending on these elective cash pay businesses. From mid-year onward, we increasingly experienced the effects of a global recession, especially in Europe. Beyond medical aesthetics, the economic currents also challenged our growth expectations for our obesity intervention portfolio, specifically the LAP-BAND® Adjustable Gastric Banding System. For the LAP-BAND® System, about a quarter of our business is currently cash pay and when reimbursed the typical co-payment is in the range of $2,000 to $4,000. So, in tough economic times when consumers are reducing their personal expenses, growth for a product like the LAP-BAND® System, a well-established treatment for morbid obesity, is also negatively impacted. Even with these challenges, first half 2008 net sales growth was still strong at 21 percent over the corresponding period of 2007, while second half net sales growth was moderate at three percent with weak consumer demand being amplified by the strength of the U.S. Dollar versus foreign currencies. Thanks to our reliable forecasting systems we initiated strong expense controls from mid-year onward which permitted us to deliver adjusted Diluted Earnings per Share (EPS) growth of 18 percent for the full year. [A reconciliation between Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) Diluted EPS and adjusted Diluted EPS results is on pages 4-5.] Allergan's pharmaceutical businesses (including BOTOX® sales) increased 13 percent over 2007 on a constant currency basis, compared with a worldwide pharmaceutical industry growth rate of 4 percent.1 Given the high investments we made in prior years in sales force expansions and substantial Direct to Consumer (DTC) advertising budgets for our consumer-oriented brands, we possess the strategic flexibility to leverage these cost areas, reducing many optional programs while protecting our long-term investments in Research and Development (R&D). Diversified Business Model While much investor attention is paid to our consumer-oriented, elective cash pay businesses -- such as BOTOX®, which today is likely one of the most famous pharmaceutical brands in America;2 JUVÉDERM®, our leading dermal filler; our NatrelleTM Collection of breast implants; and the LAP-BAND® System, the world's No. 1 gastric band3 -- in reality the cash pay portion of our overall sales in 2008 was only about 30 percent of our worldwide revenues. The real strength of our diversified business model was demonstrated by a constant currency growth of 13 percent in our worldwide pharmaceutical businesses, which accounted for the remaining 70 percent of our revenues. Eye care pharmaceuticals, representing 46 percent of our global sales mix, increased 13 percent in Dollars over 2007. For the seventh consecutive year Allergan has been the fastest growing global eye care pharmaceutical company thanks to RESTASIS®, our artificial tear brands led by REFRESH® and OPTIVETM and our glaucoma franchise.4 RESTASIS® ophthalmic emulsion, the only prescription therapeutic dry eye product, is now the second largest eye care pharmaceutical brand in the United States5 with 2008 worldwide sales of $444 million. Operating cash flow in 2008 was a strong $682 million, and post-capital expenditure a net of $492 million. We utilized our potent cash generation to undertake strategic transactions enhancing our specialty product lines and strengthening our diversity. Notably, we acquired the North American rights to ACZONE® gel 5% for approximately $150 million. ACZONE® contains the first new FDA-approved chemical entity for acne treatment since our TAZORAC® (tazarotene) gel was approved in 1997. We also
(1) Intercontinental Medical Statistics (IMS), worldwide (48 countries rollup), US$ constant currency sales

established a collaboration with Spectrum Pharmaceuticals to co-develop and commercialize worldwide (outside Asia) the antineoplastic agent apaziquone, currently being investigated for the treatment of non-muscle invasive bladder cancer and a perfect fit with Allergan's emerging strategic focus in urology. As part of the collaboration with Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, we paid $42 million upfront in the fourth quarter of 2008. Only a limited sum of $230 million was expended for stock repurchases as part of our long-term strategy of offsetting employees' exercise of stock options. Given the distressed state of the global credit markets since the latter half of 2008, we are fortunate to have approximately $1.1 billion of cash on the balance sheet and no material expiries of our existing financing arrangements until 2011. Therefore, as we enter 2009, we have multiple levers for strategic acquisitions and licensing transactions or for rearrangement of our debt structure. Steady Investment in R&D and Scientific Innovation While 2007 marked the strongest sales growth in Dollars in Allergan's history, 2008 marked our strongest R&D performance ever -- reflecting not only the competence of our scientists, but also our steadily increasing investment in the R&D component of our Growth Equation. In 2008, adjusted R&D expenditures were $729 million or 16.8 percent of sales -- a near doubling of adjusted R&D spend within a short three-year time span. [A reconciliation between GAAP R&D expenditures and adjusted R&D expenditures is on page 17.] R&D is the center of the enterprise and the long-term driver of product innovation that should be a key focus for any CEO and Board of Directors to ensure productivity and operational efficiencies. To that point, 2008 was a pivotal year for us with several product approvals by government agencies worldwide. To begin, we secured approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for LATISSETM (bimatoprost ophthalmic solution) 0.03%, a unique and first-ever prescription product for the treatment of hypotrichosis (inadequate or not enough eyelashes). In addition, we received FDA approval for TRIVARISTM injectable suspension, a specially formulated triamcinolone product, marking Allergan's first product to treat retinal disease. Around the world, our combination glaucoma therapy drugs, COMBIGAN® (brimonidine tartrate/timolol maleate ophthalmic solution) 0.2%/0.5% and GANFORTTM (bimatoprost/timolol ophthalmic solution) 0.03%/0.5% were approved in many second-tier markets. Regarding BOTOX® neurotoxin, we received regulatory approvals in Korea for post-stroke spasticity, aesthetic use and severe primary axillary hyperhidrosis. In Australia, we received regulatory approval of BOTOX® for upper limb juvenile cerebral palsy. And, in early 2009, through our partnership with GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), we received Japanese approval of BOTOX® for aesthetic use, which will be marketed under the trade name BOTOX VISTA®, as well as for the treatment of juvenile cerebral palsy. Additionally, following an earlier regulatory approval in Mexico, BOTOX® received approval for overactive bladder (OAB) in Brazil in 2009. In terms of our dermal filler line, the JUVÉDERM® Ultra and Ultra Plus brands formulated with lidocaine anesthetic were launched in Europe, Canada, and Australia in early 2009. Additionally, VOLUMATM, a next generation volumizing filler, was approved in Europe, Canada and Australia. The only significant regulatory disappointment in 2008 was the termination of our long-term program to secure FDA approval for oral memantine, which we believed had the potential to be the first oral treatment worldwide to hinder the progression of glaucoma through the direct protection of the optic nerve rather than by reducing intraocular

net sales growth
(in millions of dollars) )$),*&) )$+0-&( )$/--&, *$(,-&. *$+)1&* +$()(&) +$0/1&(
(/5+6" (/6+5" (..+6"

(.2+4" (.6+4"

(.2+." (/.+0"

(/3+4" (.3+2"

(.0+1"

10

11

((

()

(*

(+

(,

(-

(.

(/

pressure (IOP). Unfortunately, the trial failed to reach its clinical endpoints. From the outset, we had fully appreciated that this was a pioneering program, and therefore one that entailed the highest risk of any clinical endeavor at Allergan. In addition to many important product approvals worldwide, R&D productivity in 2008 was significant, as proven by the large number of regulatory filings and subsequent approvals. Looking ahead, several important submissions are awaiting action from regulatory agencies in 2009. [An overview of Allergan's 2008-2009 granted product approvals and 2009 pending approvals is on page 8.] Despite the current economic climate, we maintained a sharp focus on our longer-term R&D pipeline by moving internally developed compounds and programs to the next stage, as well as by externally enhancing our portfolio through in-licenses. For example, the Phase II programs for BOTOX® for idiopathic OAB were completed. Additionally, PG analog and other compounds for the lowering of IOP and RESTASIS® X, a new formulation of our highly successful, unique dry eye therapy product, began testing in 2008 and are continuing clinical development in 2009.
allergan  annual report 2008

growth, YTD Sep-08 vs. YTD Sep-07.
(2)

Allergan data on file. research reports, analyst reports, Internet searches, competitive intelligence, etc.

(3)  Mixture of public information (earnings releases, 10Ks, 10Qs), Allergan internal data, syndicated marketing (4)  Intercontinental Medical Statistics (IMS): 48 countries rollup, Q3 2008, in constant currency for the

trailing 12 months, as of September 2008.

6

,$++1&/ (0

/).&(

0*0&.

11*&)

allergan  annual report 2008

(5)



Vector One: National (VONA) from SDI; MAT Dec. 2008.

7

" While 2007 marked the strongest sales growth in Dollars in Allergan's history, 2008 marked our strongest R&D performance ever -- reflecting not only the competence of our scientists, but also our steadily increasing investment in the R&D component of our Growth Equation." " R&D is the center of the enterprise and the long-term driver of product innovation that should be a key focus for any CEO and Board of Directors to ensure productivity and operational efficiencies."

In light of the significant product approvals we secured in 2008, it is important to note that the process for obtaining regulatory approval of pharmaceuticals and medical devices by agencies around the world has become increasingly complex. Allergan, however, benefits from having drugs and delivery systems that are primarily topical and targeted in effect, versus systemic, and have optimal safety profiles. This is one reason why Allergan has historically enjoyed a much higher than industry average success rate in the number of drugs entering the clinic relative to the number of final approvals. The other key reason is our organizational focus on select specialty therapeutic areas where we have long-established scientific experience and commercial leadership, enabling us to rapidly progress products through the development pipeline. Despite current economic challenges, we are determined to continue to build a strong pipeline. This is evidenced not only by the strong progress made with our internally developed compounds and technologies, but also by our recent business development activities with Spectrum Pharmaceuticals (urology), BAROnova (obesity intervention), Asterand (eye care) and Polyphor (eye care). Prepared for Competition Competition is as healthy as it is inevitable -- it keeps companies on their toes, stimulating innovation and intensifying efforts to enhance the safety and efficacy of drugs to meet the needs of physicians and patients, while at the same time raising awareness and expanding markets. Therefore, our depth in select specialty areas reflected by our geographical reach, the diversity of our product portfolios and the robustness of our pipeline help position us well to sustain market share and propel growth in an increasingly competitive marketplace. For many years, we have been diligently readying ourselves for the arrival of competition to BOTOX® in North America in both the aesthetic and therapeutic categories. Our efforts have included an impressive continuum of new and approved medical uses of BOTOX®, benefiting 21 different patient populations to date, a long-established product safety profile based on approximately 15 million treatment sessions6 and 18 million product vials6 sold over the past 20 years, coupled with a steady improvement in physician injector training, reimbursement services and patient support. Competition will be initially contained to first discovered uses and indications for orphan conditions. Specifically, in 2009, we expect that our competitor Ipsen will receive FDA approval for Dysport® for cervical dystonia, one of the first therapeutic uses of neuromodulators. Since its first approved use nearly 20 years ago, Allergan's patent estate for therapeutic uses of BOTOX® is vast, reflected by the product's currently 21 approved indications globally. And our pursuit of the potential of BOTOX® is ongoing, as we are investing considerable resources to develop the next generation of neuromodulators with even more targeted efficacy and longer duration of action. Furthermore, with approximately 2,100 publications on botulinum toxin type A in scientific and medical journals,6 BOTOX® is one of the most widely researched medicines in the world. Hence, our leadership position is further bolstered by the fact that physicians and patients, either inside or outside the United States have a level of experience and trust in BOTOX® that is unmatched by other botulinum toxin therapies such as Dysport®, against which we have successfully competed since 1991.
(6)

In addition, our investments in DTC advertising complemented by our public relations activities have established strong brand awareness of the BOTOX® brand with consumers. Our track record of maintaining a very high market share for BOTOX®, which we currently estimate to be 83 percent worldwide,7 and our history of market share gains in Europe against Dysport® in both the therapeutic and aesthetic segments give us grounds for confidence that we will handle competition successfully in the United States and Canada. With regard to competition for BOTOX® Cosmetic, we anticipate FDA approval of the aesthetic version of Dysport®, expected to be marketed by Ipsen's licensee in North America, Medicis, under the trade name Reloxin®. In early 2008, we undertook a significant expansion of our sales organization to improve market coverage and service of our customer base and provide sufficient capacity for selling a full line of facial products tailored to meet the needs of aesthetic specialists and their patients. In 2009, we will be offering physicians and patients a portfolio for total facial care that consists of either the No. 1 aesthetic treatment in the category or one that is uniquely differentiated based on its scientifically proven benefit. Following the introduction of BOTOX® Cosmetic in 2002, which served as the catalyst that triggered consumers' adoption of medical aesthetic treatments worldwide, Allergan has demonstrated yet again its ability to create and lead high-growth markets with the U.S. launches of our JUVÉDERM® dermal filler portfolio in the United States in 2006 and LATISSETM, the first FDA-approved eyelash enhancing product in 2009. The growth of the medical aesthetics market has been fueled not only by the aging of the "baby boomer generation" but also by the growing demand among all age groups for safe and effective approaches to maintaining a healthy and youthful appearance and self-image. Today, Allergan's leadership in medical aesthetics is the fulfillment of the strategy we embarked upon when we launched BOTOX® Cosmetic, and our decision to develop a Total Facial RejuvenationTM product offering for physicians and consumers where science meets beauty. Looking ahead, sustained growth in medical aesthetics will be driven by innovation, which we seed by continuing to listen closely to the experiences and needs of our physician partners and consumers, and by being adept at spotting opportunities. Coupled with innovation, success in this market will be further defined by meeting consumers' demand for credible information backed by science and by working with physicians to help patients make the best-informed medical aesthetics choices possible. That is Allergan's formula for responsible growth and expansion of the medical aesthetics market worldwide. [An overview of Allergan's Total Facial RejuvenationTM product portfolio is on page 10.] For plastic surgeons, we offer market-leading products for each of the top three consumer products purchased by the physician's office: breast implants, BOTOX® for aesthetic use and dermal fillers. Specific to breast implants, our Natrelle® Collection of breast implants offers the industry's widest range of gel and saline breast implant options for women seeking to enhance or restore their breast shape and form. Beyond our medical aesthetic businesses, we also foresee continued leadership in the obesity intervention market. To that point, we are confident we will maintain a significant presence in the near and long term.

2008-2009 Granted Approvals
PRODUCT INDICATION COUNTRY YEAR

LATISSETM TRIVARISTM BOTOX® BOTOX® BOTOX® BOTOX®  JUVÉDERM® Ultra and Ultra Plus VOLUMATM BOTOX® BOTOX®  BOTOX® BOTOX VISTA®

Hypotrichosis of the Eyelashes Retinal Disease Post-Stroke Upper Limb Spasticity Glabellar Lines  Severe Primary Axillary Hyperhidrosis Upper Limb Spasticity Associated with  Juvenile Cerebral Palsy Facial Aesthetics  Facial Aesthetics Neurogenic Overactive Bladder Glabellar Lines  Juvenile Cerebral Palsy Glabellar Lines 

United States United States  Korea Korea Korea Australia Canada, Australia Europe, Canada, Australia Brazil China* Japan* Japan*

2008 2008 2008 2008 2008 2008 2008 2008 2009 2009 2009 2009

with lidocaine

2009 Pending Approvals
BOTOX®  JUVÉDERM® Ultra and Ultra Plus  with lidocaine Natrelle® Style 410  ACULAR® X  POSURDEX®  LUMIGAN® X LUMIGAN® Post-Stroke Upper Limb Spasticity Facial Aesthetics  Breast Reconstruction & Augmentation Inflammation Macular Edema Associated with  Retinal Vein Occlusion Intraocular Pressure/Glaucoma Intraocular Pressure/Glaucoma United States Japan** United States United States United States United States United States

*Through partnership with GlaxoSmithKline in Japan and China. **Through partnership with Senju Pharmaceutical Company, Ltd. in Japan. 8
allergan  annual report 2008

Allergan data on file. research reports, analyst reports, Internet searches, competitive intelligence, etc. in U.S. dollars at actual exchange rates for 12 months ending September 2008.

(7)  Mixture of public information (earnings releases, 10Ks, 10Qs), Allergan internal data, syndicated marketing

allergan  annual report 2008

9

Allergan's Total Facial RejuvenationTM Product Portfolio
PRODUCT DESCRIPTION

production of breast implants from our Arklow, Ireland, facility to a state-of-the-art plant in Costa Rica, with the goal of closing Arklow by mid-2009. In Costa Rica, we expect to have the lowest cost manufacturing position of any competitor. Also, given the rapidly rising costs of drug development, our R&D organization has energetically searched for cost efficiencies and is reducing the average cost per patient enrolled in clinical trials. A key driver is the globalization of almost all of our clinical programs. In 2008, 27 percent of all patients enrolled were outside the United States, where there are lower costs. In addition, we recently established a clinical development center in Bangalore, India. Long-Term Vision -- A Strategic Balance Poised to Embrace the Global Upturn In the current economic climate, many patients are postponing aesthetic surgeries or "stretching" medical aesthetic treatments such as BOTOX® for aesthetic use or JUVÉDERM® over a longer time. However, the global mega trends of remaining active, looking better and more youthful as the world's population ages have not receded, but have merely been held in check. Major growth in these markets will resume as the world economy recovers. The other result of the world's aging population is the exploding cost of health care. Governments around the world will inevitably be obliged to institute cost containment programs, with a major focus on reimbursed pharmaceuticals. As cost pressures mount, Allergan should be well positioned by the natural offset of our cash pay businesses. Within reimbursed segments, Allergan is uniquely positioned by its existing products and early-stage pipeline to address two major unmet medical needs: the global obesity epidemic and its link to diabetes, and retinal disease, now the leading cause of blindness in industrialized countries. Going forward, we will keenly judge whether it is the right time for the creation of new markets, or whether we should adopt a market maintenance mode until the economy recovers. As we manage through the current economic challenges, we have sharpened our focus, made strategic trade-offs and been prepared to make difficult cuts so that Allergan emerges from this period as a lean, fit and adaptable company. Specifically, we have taken the appropriate measures to concentrate our resources on customer-facing activities and on building the strength of our R&D pipeline. Hence, in order to preserve essential expenditures in R&D and high-return sales and marketing programs, we announced a restructuring program in February 2009, which unfortunately terminated approximately 460 employees, primarily in the United States and Europe, or approximately 5 percent of our global headcount. While there were modest impacts in other areas, the reductions primarily affected staff in the U.S. urology sales force and marketing and marketing support functions in the United States and Europe. While we are pleased with the performance of SANCTURA XR® (trospium chloride extended release capsules) in the urology channel, it was clear that we do not have the firepower to efficiently compete with larger companies in the general practitioner (GP) market. We are therefore in negotiations with potential partners with appropriately-sized sales organizations and urology product offerings to represent us in the GP market. We remain committed to the urology specialty, as evidenced by our transaction for apaziquone and our clinical development programs for BOTOX® neurotoxin for incontinence, but needed to improve the short-term

BOTOX® Cosmetic (marketed as VISTABEL®/VISTABEX® in Europe; and as BOTOX VISTA® in Japan)  JUVÉDERM® LATISSETM CLINIQUE MEDICAL  *Allergan data on file.

No. 1 physician-administered cosmetic treatment worldwide since 2002* A next generation and leading dermal filler brand in the United States in 2008* First and only FDA-approved product in the United States to enhance eyelash prominence* First and unique in-office U.S. skin care line from No. 1 prestige cosmetic brand in  North America and No. 1 global leader in medical aesthetics*

profitability of this business. Regarding the reductions in our U.S. and European marketing functions, all of the terminations affected in-house staff and not customer-facing sales force personnel. With the impact of the economy on the size of our markets and thus our product sales, it was necessary to readjust our structure both in the United States and Europe to the current scale of the businesses. With the exception of the U.S. urology business and some low-productivity sales territories in Europe, no other sales force positions have been affected. We also have not curbed our plans for expansion in either Asia Pacific or Latin America. When executed correctly a reorganization can -- and should -- provide new energy in a company. We have had only two major restructurings in the past 10 years. The first one took place shortly after my appointment as CEO in 1998 when we significantly reduced overhead and refocused the Company on the customer and innovation; and the second one occurred in 2002, when we executed the spin-off of the surgical eye care businesses into a stand-alone legal entity, Advanced Medical Optics. We are using today's opportunity to adapt not only to the current size of the medical aesthetics markets but to prepare for the reimbursed pharmaceutical market of tomorrow -- in terms of heightened reimbursement pressures as well as new marketing codes disseminated by the leading trade associations in the United States, PhRMA and AdvaMed, and compliance rules promulgated by government agencies both domestically and abroad. 2009 will not be an easy operating year given the economic situation. We are pleased, however, that we have been able to give guidance of adjusted Diluted EPS growth in a range of 5 percent to 7 percent based on the actions and decisions that I have discussed above and thanks to the boost of growth that Allergan should enjoy from many new product approvals in the United States and around the world. Once the world economy recovers, we aspire to return to our long held goal of annually increasing adjusted Diluted EPS from the mid to high teens. Depending on the shape of the economic recovery, there might be an opportunity for a higher return in a "recovery year," as increasing sales flow through our fixed infrastructure. We are confident about our ability to produce top quartile results as we have exceptional employees in operations all over the globe who have consistently demonstrated their ability to not only work very hard but to handle day-to-day operations with excellence while executing considerable change programs and launching new products. On that note, my thanks go not only to Allergan's dedicated employee team, but also to our exceptionally strong Board of Directors. Many members of our Board have successfully managed through challenging situations in health care or other industries and their advice and counsel to Allergan's executive management team is invaluable.

Currently, we have approximately 80 percent of the worldwide bariatric surgery market (banding and balloon segments),8 despite competition from Ethicon Endo-Surgery. Given the growing global obesity epidemic, this market has enormous potential, and it is projected that the number of bariatric surgeries in the United States alone will reach almost 435,000 annually by 2012 with the LAP-BAND® System as one of the fastest growing bariatric procedures in the United States.9 In all of these competitive markets, we are well poised for the challenges facing us today and tomorrow as we continue to strengthen our leadership positions with next generation and uniquely differentiated products to offer our customers and their patients. Global Expansion in New Markets With a challenging short-term outlook for growth in the United States and Europe, in 2008 we pursued another factor of our Growth Equation by expanding our operations in rapidly growing industrialized countries. Among the industry players focused on medical specialties, Allergan was already unique in commercializing the majority of its products on a global basis, in all continents of the world, through a network of 23 fully-owned subsidiaries, supplemented by a network of strategic partners and distributors. Building on this platform, we pushed into many new markets in Asia Pacific, Eastern Europe and Latin America in 2008, with a plan for continuation in 2009 and beyond. Asia Pacific In 2008, we established Singapore as our regional commercial hub, centralizing many operations previously carried out in Hong Kong and Sydney. At the end of 2008, we acquired the distribution rights to BOTOX® in Korea from our former partner, established our own direct selling and marketing organization and are in the process of offering the same full facial aesthetics product lineup that we market in the United States and Europe. Also in early 2009, we made the decision to establish a direct eye care sales force operation in China. And, building on our strong eye care presence in India, we are now also creating an aesthetics market locally.
(8) Mixture of public information (earnings releases, 10Ks, 10Qs), Allergan internal data, syndicated marketing

Europe Our core eye care and aesthetic products, presently available in the United States and Western Europe, were launched in important Eastern European markets such as Poland, the Czech Republic and Hungary with further expansion planned for Romania, Russia and the Ukraine in 2009 and 2010. Latin America In Latin America, where we have a strong foundation as we enjoy high market shares in eye care and in neuromodulators with BOTOX®, we successfully added breast implants, dermal fillers and the LAP-BAND® System to our regional product offering. Short-Term Focus -- Responsiveness, Agility and Efficiency Although today's global recession is unprecedented since the 1930's in terms of its severity, industry impact and global effect, we remain optimistic about the value of Allergan's Growth Equation and our future. Periods of challenge present opportunities for embarking on necessary change, retooling an organization's skill sets and business practices and being ready for the recovery. In the past few years, Allergan has assembled a management skill set spanning pharmaceuticals, medical devices and consumer products and including expertise in reimbursement, managed care, pharmacoeconomics and medical affairs. We are uniquely capable of identifying new ways of doing more with fewer resources as we remain responsive, agile and strategically focused where medical need and potential are greatest. We will further build on these skill sets and sharpen the focus of our operational systems, even as we are obliged to make tough economic trade-offs. With a strategic footprint in six medical specialties, Allergan is a company nearly ideal in size -- small enough to be nimble, innovative due to our expertise and collaborative with the ability to work as a cohesive team to drive change and deliver extraordinary results. As an example, in manufacturing, we continued to improve our quality and quality systems and reduce our cost base while driving efficiency and productivity. Toward the end of 2008, we closed our Fremont, California, facility which had been dedicated to the production of collagen-based dermal fillers, correctly anticipating that this product line would be eclipsed by non-animal hyaluronic acid-based dermal fillers which are produced in Pringy, France. We also made significant progress in transferring

research reports, analyst reports, Internet searches, competitive intelligence, etc. in U.S. dollars at actual exchange rates for 12 months ending September 2008.
(9)

Bariatrics Boom. Medtech Insight, 2006 October: 312-317.

David E.I. Pyott, CBE Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

10

allergan  annual report 2008

allergan  annual report 2008

11

