    04
 To Our Investors
another year of strong results
It is gratifying to report that Allergan’s 2005 operating results were among the very best since I joined the Company as Chief Executive Officer in 1998. Pharmaceutical sales increased by 17 percent to $2.3 billion and all of our businesses and operating regions produced double-digit sales growth. Including the effect of a one-time Internal Revenue Service (IRS) tax settlement reached in February 2006, diluted earnings per share (EPS) increased by a strong 23 percent, adjusted for restructuring in Europe and Japan, and for the termination of our contract manufacturing agreement with Advanced Medical Optics (AMO), a company spun off in 2002, as well as for certain other transaction gains and losses (1). Had Allergan not achieved this IRS tax settlement, adjusted EPS would still have grown a robust 20 percent. Our high adjusted EPS growth was achieved while continuing to invest fully in the long-term future of our company.
Within the attractive, high-growth specialty markets we serve, we were able to steadily strengthen our positions in several key areas.
For the third consecutive year, Allergan has been the fastest-growing global ophthalmology company in the world when one excludes retinal therapeutics (2), a segment in which Allergan’s research and development (R&D) candidates have not yet been commercialized. Further market share gains were recorded in our U.S. dermatology unit. Finally, the estimated global share of our BOTOX® franchise increased from
85 percent to 86 percent (3), even in the face of increasing competition.
The strong 2005 results were a clear reflection of increased and improved management focus on the greatest opportunities within our portfolio. In mid-2004 we experienced a disappointing, but thankfully for Allergan, a rare set-back when we received a non-approvable letter from the U.S. Food & Drug Administration (FDA) for TAZORALTM, our innovative oral medication for psoriasis. Denied this sales growth driver for 2005, we were forced to re-examine our other prospects. Rebounding from this challenge, we focused our commercial efforts on our key opportunities for growth and dedicated our attention
and funds to BOTOX® Cosmetic/VISTABEL®/VISTABEXTM, BOTOX® therapeutic, RESTASIS® and LUMIGAN®.
For each of these leading products, we were able to achieve significant results and in several instances have created major new markets as we addressed unmet medical needs and harnessed the power of direct-to-
consumer advertising to inform our patients. BOTOX® Cosmetic is, for the fourth consecutive year, the No. 1 cosmetic procedure administered in the offices of U.S. dermatologists and plastic surgeons (4). Also, in terms of positive brand media awareness, BOTOX® ranks, amongst all pharmaceuticals, second only to VIAGRA® worldwide.
In Europe we made significant investments in introducing VISTABEL®/ VISTABEXTM, the European trade names for BOTOX® Cosmetic, to many major markets and we received marketing approvals in the important countries of Germany and the United Kingdom in January 2006. Within the BOTOX® therapeutic franchise, we have continued to educate physicians and their patients about the use of BOTOX® as an innovative alternative in treating hyperhidrosis, or excessive sweating. BOTOX® continued its strong trajectory of growth, increasing global sales by
18 percent from 2004 to $831 million. Presently, BOTOX® is approved for 20 indications in more than 75 countries, with an estimated 57 percent of sales relating to therapeutic uses and 43 percent to aesthetic use.
RESTASIS® is the only therapeutic agent approved in the United States to treat dry eye disease, in contrast to traditional artificial tears which are designed to alleviate the symptoms. In 2005 we were able to increase global RESTASIS® sales by 91 percent to $191 million. Early in the year, we bought out our patent royalty obligations relating to RESTASIS® from Novartis, which permitted us to invest in heavy direct-to-consumer advertising. LUMIGAN® consolidated its position, increasing global sales by 15 percent to $268 million and establishing its position as the 4th largest glaucoma drug in the world by value (2).
Expenditures on R&D, adjusted for non-GAAP items, increased by 12 percent to $387 million (5), or 17 percent of pharmaceutical-only sales. Within Allergan’s rapidly growing R&D organization, our goals are to support the benefits of increasing scale by creating dedicated
(1) Adjustments to GAAP diluted earnings per share used to calculate diluted earnings per share growth, adjusted for non-GAAP items, include the aggregate non-GAAP adjustments, net of tax, detailed on pages 2 and 3 in this Annual Report. Diluted earnings per share growth using GAAP net earnings was 6.7 percent for 2005.
(2) Intercontinental Medical Statistics (IMS): (from ~48 countries), Q3 2005, in constant exchange, for the trailing 12 months, as of September 2005.
(3) Allergan market estimates.
(4) The American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ASAPS) 2005 Cosmetic Surgery National Data Bank.
(5) Adjustments to GAAP research and development expense used to calculate research and development expenditures, adjusted for non-GAAP items, include $1.5 million of transition/duplicate operating expenses and a $3.0 million buy-out of a license agreement in 2005. GAAP research and development expense was $391 million in 2005, a 13 percent increase from 2004.

 Building leadership positions in specialties
leadership within each therapeutic area. We are increasing our focus on the top tier clinical development programs. In addition, we are setting clear objectives for the discovery group in terms of new compounds that will transition from the laboratory to human clinical use.
During 2005, we received approval for COMBIGANTM, a fixed combina- tion of brimonidine and timolol, in all member states of the European Union, Australia, Mexico and Argentina. We expect this powerful new combination therapy to be an important driver for Allergan’s glaucoma franchise in 2006. We also received approval for the newest line extension of ALPHAGAN® from the FDA — ALPHAGAN® P 0.1% — which we launched in the United States in early 2006. Thanks to the innovative formulation of this product, we are able to reduce drug exposure and achieve equivalent efficacy to the original ALPHAGAN®.
Allergan’s financial performance for the year was also robust, generating $425 million of operating cash flow, return on equity of 29 percent and return on capital of 20 percent, both adjusted for non-GAAP items (6). This places Allergan in the top quartile of the pharmaceutical industry and provides us with flexibility for strategic transactions in the future.
change and continuing evolution
of allergan’s business model
The long-term vibrancy of our business will continue to be driven by the discovery, development and approval of innovative new medicines, new devices and new procedures as well as our focus on the needs of physicians and their patients. In addition, we are constantly searching for ways to increase operational efficiencies. In 2005, we made several significant structural changes to our business, including:
• Restructuring of our European commercial and R&D operations; and
• Out-licensing of BOTOX® in Japan and China to GlaxoSmithKline (GSK); and co-promotion of GSK’s IMITREX STATdose System® and AMERGE®, which are indicated for migraine treatment in the United States.
As a consequence of these two projects we will close our R&D centers in France and Japan, concentrating all our clinical development for Europe in the United Kingdom and increasing benefits of scale in our Irvine, California facility. This transitions us from a 4-center to a 2-center R&D network. At the end of 2005, California Governor
Arnold Schwarzenegger opened our new R&D facility, the Herbert Research Center, named in honor of our founder and Chairman Emeritus, Gavin Herbert, at Allergan’s headquarters in Irvine.
Commercially in Europe, we have concentrated our marketing teams in Allergan’s UK office and specialized individual country operations on sales and promotional activities. The benefits of focusing our efforts on national customers were rapidly realized as the European region enjoyed one of its best annual growth results, even in the midst of this reorganization.
The transaction with GSK yielded a double benefit. We were operating at a sub-scale level in Japan and China. GSK should be in a position to sell more BOTOX® than Allergan in those markets and will invest more aggressively in new BOTOX® clinical indications. In the United States, the financial contribution from GSK has permitted us to double our neurosciences sales force. It will also enable us to gain an in-depth understanding of the headache/migraine market, as we embark on our Phase III clinical development program for BOTOX® in this indication.
Demonstrating that our efforts are focused on innovation and
our customers, Allergan is in a unique position for a pharmaceutical company. We are vertically integrated into manufacturing and discovery research with more than 50 percent of our current workforce engaged either in R&D or field sales.
Beyond the structural change described above, there are continuing changes both within the ranks of our senior management and on our Board of Directors. Within Allergan’s Executive Committee, Jackie Schiavo, who ably led Global Technical Operations, retired after 24 years with the Company. In addition, Eric Brandt, Allergan’s Chief Financial Officer, who made significant contributions during the last six years, left to accept a CEO position at a biopharmaceutical company. In
both cases, we were able to fill the roles with highly competent and qualified internal candidates. On the Board of Directors, Louis Rosso, Chairman Emeritus of Beckman Coulter, retired after 16 years and Karen Osar retired after seven years of service. While their counsel will be greatly missed, we were able to replace the retiring Directors
(6) Adjustments to GAAP net earnings used to calculate return on equity, adjusted for non-GAAP items, and return on capital, adjusted for non-GAAP items, include the aggregate non-GAAP adjustments, net of tax, detailed on pages 2 and 3 in this Annual Report. Return on equity using GAAP net earnings was 26 percent in 2005. Return on capital using GAAP net earnings was 17 percent in 2005.
  05

  Our strategy is to create leadership positions offering a broad range of innovative, market-leading products
  06
with exceptional individuals who bring strategic skills and outstanding knowledge of our industry: Robert Ingram, Vice Chairman of Pharma- ceuticals for GlaxoSmithKline, and Louis Lavigne, former Chief Financial Officer of Genentech.
a uniquely focused strategy
For many years, Allergan has employed a unique strategy of focusing on areas of unmet medical needs within specialty pharmaceutical markets that are served by a limited number of physicians both in the United States and around the world. These customer groups can be served by a modest number of sales representatives. In addition, we are positioned to form deep relationships with opinion leaders and academic institutions in these specialist fields. We have been able to combine revenue diversity (through a broad proprietary product portfolio and global R&D development capability that is similar to large, fully integrated pharmaceutical companies) with the high-growth and lean operating models of specialty pharmaceuticals and the strong pipeline characteristics of biotech.
Innovation at Allergan has been either entirely “home grown” or based on licenses and collaborations at various stages of a product’s develop- ment. Our strong positions in key markets and global reach in some of our businesses have made us an attractive partner for other companies with technology available for partnering. Our strategy is to create leadership positions offering a broad range of innovative, market- leading products in the high-growth specialties of ophthalmology, dermatology, plastic surgery, neurology, urology and gastroenterology.
outlook
In November 2005, we announced an unsolicited offer to acquire Inamed Corporation, a global health care company with more than $400 million in 2005 sales, based in Santa Barbara, California. In addition to successfully integrating Inamed into our organization and driving growth from Allergan’s portfolio of approved products, a major focus of senior management is to continue to advance and build out Allergan’s R&D pipeline.
In our ophthalmology pipeline, we are focused on retinal therapeutics to treat age-related macular degeneration (the leading cause of blindness in developed countries (7)), macular edema and other retinal diseases. Further to Allergan’s acquisition of Oculex Pharmaceuticals in 2003, we obtained a bioerodable implant which is one of the best
patent protected proprietary technologies for delivering drugs to the back of the eye, with fewer treatment cycles per year compared to current intraocular treatments. In addition, we are investigating the use of dexamethasone for the treatment of macular edema associated with retinal vein occlusion and diabetes through our drug delivery system. We are also investigating a novel formulation of triamcinolone for these indications. Including other earlier stage products that harness RNAi technology and other compounds to block VEGF, Allergan currently has one of the broadest product pipelines of any ophthalmology company addressing retinal disease.
In the BOTOX® area, major Phase III clinical programs have been initiated for chronic daily headache and neurogenic overactive bladder. To build on our BOTOX® leadership, we are working on a next-generation neuromodulator that can be targeted to specific tissues and offers the potential to treat a host of new diseases.
In the area of new technologies we are also excited by our unique class of alpha agonists to treat pain, an area of opportunity for non-addictive and non-sedating compounds, as well as our proton pump inhibitor program for the treatment of gastric ulcers.
For all of our accomplishments in 2005, I wish to recognize the hard work, creativity and dedication of the talented Allergan employees around the world. The integration of Inamed will place additional demands on our already lean organization, but I am confident that our integration teams will do a superb job. The pharmaceutical industry
is undergoing great change, and as management assessed the Inamed transaction, as well as other strategic projects, we were able to draw heavily on the depth and strength of experience of the exceptional Allergan Board of Directors. I wish to thank everyone for making 2005 another successful year.
David E.I. Pyott
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
(7) World Health Organization Web site. Magnitude and Causes of Visual Impairment. Available at: http://www.who.int/mediacentre/factsheets/fs282/en/. Accessed March 1, 2006.
 