To Our Investors
STRONG FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE IN A CHALLENGING ECONOMIC ENVIRONMENT
We are pleased to report on yet another year of strong performance with earnings per share increasing
22.5% the prior year to $1.96, excluding the effect of certain one-time transactions and items in
2000 and 2001. With some 45% of our sales generated outside the United States, this high quality earnings result was
achieved in the face of a strengthening U.S. dollar against virtually all other world currencies, which dampened
the Company’s sales by $57 million. Four years ago, we established a set of aspirations to generate annual sales growth in the mid-teens percent-
age range, as measured in constant currency, and to increase earnings per share in excess of
20%. For the fourth year in a row, we successfully delivered on our earnings per share objective whilst continuing to increase
our investments in the core growth drivers of our business – R&D and sales and marketing. In
1999 and 2000, we increased sales by over 15%, in constant currency, excluding the effect of discontinued products. In
2001, we did not quite achieve our aspiration with sales growth of 11.5%, in constant currency. Renewed strong growth
naturally depends on the flow of new innovative products from R&D and approvals by regulatory agencies.
We are delighted that 2001 was the most successful year in the history of Allergan for regulatory approvals.
The launches for new products and approvals of new indications for BOTOX have led to stronger growth in the
second half of the year, with total product sales in constant currency increasing almost 15% versus 8%
in the first six months of the year. Additionally, our pharmaceutical business grew approximately 23%,
in constant currency, in the second half of the year. Again, in 2001, further expansion in our gross margins contributed to strong financial performance. Since
1997, we have been able to raise gross margins by over 1000 basis points from 64.9% to 75.7% in 2001. This has been
driven not only by a steadily increasing pharmaceutical product sales mix, but continual gross margin improve-
ments in virtually all of the Company’s individual businesses. Careful management of costs and the benefits of
higher throughput in only five efficient global manufacturing plants have contributed to this exceptional track
record. Importantly, the Company diligently adhered to its ongoing policy of containing administrative costs. Our
intent to better serve our customers is achieved through strategic reinvestment of a portion of our gross margin
improvements into R&D and sales and marketing programs. R&D investment represented 12.8% of sales, an increase of
12% in dollars compared to 2000, excluding the one-time $40 million expense associated with the purchase of Allergan Specialty Therapeutics, Inc. in
2001 and the $2 million expense associated with partnering agreements in 2000. Since the end of 1997, our
R&D team has been expanded by 42% to approximately 1,100 people and our sales forces have expanded by 44%
to approximately 1,700 employees. The Company finished the year in a strong financial position with a cash balance of
$782 million and a positive net cash position of $167 million. In 2001, Allergan generated free cash flow of
$224 million. Return-on-equity soared from 11.2% in 1997 to 26.8% in 2001, increasing from 24.5%
in 2000. With tight controls, detailed management reports and accurate forecasting, we have been able to establish consistency in earnings and
have now exceeded Wall Street analysts’ consensus earnings estimates for
16 straight quarters.
STRONG INNOVATION
Allergan is a company that is driven by scientific innovation to address unmet medical needs. After three
years of rapidly increasing R&D investment, 2001 was the year for numerous and important approvals of new
products and new clinical indications. On March 16, 2001, as a first in the history of the Ophthalmic Division of
the FDA, two glaucoma products from the same company were approved on the very same day: LUMIGAN and ALPHAGAN P. Additionally, over the course of the year,
LUMIGAN was approved in all the major markets of
Latin America. In late 2001, LUMIGAN received a positive opinion from the Committee for Proprietary Medicinal
Products in Europe, which should enable the product to be launched there in early 2002. BOTOX received
approvals for several important therapeutic indications: cervical dystonia in Japan; spasticity in Canada and certain
countries of the European Union; and hyperhidrosis in Australia, Canada, New Zealand and the United Kingdom.
BOTOX for facial aesthetics (brow furrow) received the first regulatory approval in Canada and later in New
Zealand and Argentina. Following the banner year for approvals in 2001, we expect approximately five product approvals in
2002, three in 2003 and four in 2004 in the United States, Europe and Japan. For this reason, we believe that we have one of
the deepest and broadest pipelines in the specialty pharmaceutical industry with strong internal
R&D capabilities ranging from drug discovery, medicinal chemistry, formulation, all the way through to clinical development. Our
development expertise is worldwide with R&D centers located in California, Europe and Japan. Internal competencies are strengthened through a network of collaborations with academic institutions, biotechnology firms
and companies specialized in discovery tools and genomics. Furthermore, we have in-licensing arrangements
with a significant number of large pharmaceutical companies in the United States, Europe and Japan.
STRONG MARKET POSITIONS
For yet another year, we can report that we have achieved global market share gains across most of the businesses in which we compete – ophthalmic pharmaceuticals, skin care, ophthalmic surgical products and contact lens care solutions. In the case of BOTOX, we declined a modest 3%
share points, but retained an impressive global market share of approximately 90%
as a new competitor entered this dynamic, rapidly expanding market.
As a modestly sized company within the pharmaceutical industry, we have primarily focused our energies on
specialist markets and have earned substantial market shares within these segments by providing our customers
with exceptional products and service. Ultimately, it is our goal to achieve No.1 or No.2 market share position
in each of our market categories. Great products from a fine R&D organization are the starting point, thereafter,
it is a question of rapid and superior execution in the marketplace. Meeting the needs of patients and exceeding
the expectations of physicians in terms of customer service and scientific support are primary objectives. To this
end, we are proud that our ophthalmic sales forces were ranked No.1 for service and medical knowledge inthe U.S. by ophthalmologists for the fourth year in a row in 2001
, and for the second consecutive year in Canada, as reported in renowned independent market research surveys.
In 2001, we moved up from fourth position to third in ophthalmology, one step nearer to attaining our goal of
world leadership in ophthalmology. Our strategy is to offer a full line of ophthalmic products that are leaders in
their individual categories and to attain leadership in the most important market segment, glaucoma. Global sales
of our glaucoma product line increased 19%, in constant currency, during 2001 driven by the launches of LUMIGAN
and ALPHAGAN P. LUMIGAN was launched in the United States and most of the Latin American markets in
2001. We are pleased with the results to date and continue to believe that it has the potential of establishing itself as a
best in class drug. With ALPHAGAN, we already possess the world’s No.2 drug for glaucoma. ALPHAGAN P, a new
and improved formulation of the original product, offers the advantage of a much lower incidence of allergic
response. Uptake of this product since its September 2001 launch in the United States has been very strong.
At $310 million in sales in 2001, BOTOX is the Company’s largest product and represents one of Allergan’s many
high potential offerings. With the launch of a competitive product in the United States in early
2001, we retained an impressive 95% share of the U.S. market. Outside of the United States, the BOTOX
business was successful in generating rapid market share gains in Europe, Latin America and Asia Pacific. Our significant investments
in clinical development programs and the important approvals secured in 2001 led to a 33% growth in
BOTOX sales, as measured in constant currency. In the area of skin care, TAZORAC has established itself as a potent topical agent in the treatment of acne and
psoriasis and has positioned Allergan as the fastest growing company within these United States markets. With
an anticipated FDA approval in 2002 of tazarotene for the indication of photodamage, we foresee a powerful pro-
motion synergy with BOTOX COSMETIC, once approved in the U.S., in the rapidly growing facial aesthetic market.
Our Surgical business delivered strong performance in Europe and Asia Pacific, with international sales growing
double digits. This was offset by a marginal decline in the United States, which was caused by weak medical
equipment sales. With a unique range of intraocular lenses for cataracts, and the launch of next-generation
technologically advanced lenses in 2001, we were able to further strengthen our No.1 position in Europe and
continue to gain share in Japan and the United States. Allergan also penetrated the refractive surgical market
with the rollout of the AMADEUS microkeratome. Sales of our contact lens care solutions were in marginal decline in
2001 faced with minor contraction of the world market. The use of higher value peroxide systems continues to migrate to less-expensive, more con-
venient one-bottle multi-purpose solutions. In addition, the market continues to be impacted by the increase
in refractive surgery procedures and the rapid growth of disposable contact lenses. Given this challenging
market environment, we are particularly pleased that we managed to gain global market share while substan-
tially increasing business-segment profitability. Our successful strategy was based on the rapid growth of our
COMPLETE brand of multi-purpose solutions where we have been able to establish premium pricing support-
ed by a superior product in terms of eye comfort, innovative stylish packaging and a “no rub” claim.
SPIN OFF OF THE OPTICAL MEDICAL DEVICE BUSINESSES
In early 2002, we announced the spin off of the surgical and contact lens care businesses (together the optical
medical device business) into a separate publicly traded company called Advanced Medical Optics, Inc. (AMO). 
This is the most invigorating event in the history of Allergan since Allergan itself was successfully spun out ofSmithKline in
1989. This transaction should create greater opportunities and stimulate new innovation and growth
in the fields of specialty pharmaceuticals and optical medical devices. The independent management teams
will focus on their own core businesses that have fundamentally different market growth rates,
R&D intensity and product life cycles. Independent of Allergan, and freed from Allergan’s natural bias as a specialty
pharmaceutical company to allocate resources to pharmaceuticals, AMO will be in a better position to make
greater investments in new technologies, sales and marketing and pursue strategic alliances and collaborations in
the field of optical medical devices. For Allergan, this completely fulfills our strategic vision to transform ourselves
into a specialty pharmaceutical company. As a “pure play” specialty pharmaceutical company, Allergan looks
forward to achieving mid-to-upper teens top-line sales growth rates and to accelerate its already robust earnings
growth rate to the 22% to 25% range.
We are particularly gratified that we again produced exceptional financial, operational and scientific results
despite a challenging economic environment. This is a tribute to the strong management team and a highly
talented group of associates worldwide who strongly identify not only with our financial goals, but seek per-
sonal satisfaction in fulfilling unmet medical needs, improving patients’ lives and providing excellent service
to medical professionals. In our industry, Allergan has been recognized by many as both an excellent place of
employment with our high standards and personable “small” company atmosphere, as well as one of the
best run companies in our sector. The Board of Directors and I wish to thank and recognize all of our employ-
ees’ individual contributions.
With the spin off of the optical medical device businesses, we face significant and exciting change – change
which will be better for each business. Allergan’s management team, with rigorous processes and clear
accountabilities, will successfully implement this transition with the objective of creating
AMO as a strong and viable industry leader in optical medical devices. I wish the employees of AMO
good fortune and great success in the future.
David E. I. Pyott
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer