  To Our Investors
Global Reach As I recently stood on the summit of Mount San Gorgonio, a peak in Southern California, at more than 11,500 feet, I had pause, in the tranquility of the mountain, to reflect on the magnitude of the world we live in and the endless opportunities that lie in front of us. The world of Allergan is global, and, as an organization, we are fortunate that we can bring products to benefit patients wherever they live. Particularly in the last several years we have accelerated our presence beyond the more developed markets of North America and Western Europe and established a direct commercial presence in countries such as China, Korea, Philippines, Russia, Poland, Turkey and South Africa. In these geographical markets, with the breadth of our product range and size of our ophthalmic pharmaceutical business, we have had the critical mass to acquire or take back distribution rights from third parties, and we have also established majority-owned joint ventures in Korea and India. In addition, building from this scale in ophthalmology, we have created other businesses in medical aesthetics and neurology in these markets. This approach reflects our drive to be close to our customers around the world and establish in-depth knowledge of local market conditions so that we are in a position to execute with excellence. As a result, in 2011, sales in emerging markets increased by 25 percent and represented 17 percent of our worldwide sales. So, when I reflect on the world of Allergan today, with a direct presence in 38 countries and selling capabilities in more than 100 countries when supplemented by our distributors, I am proud to say our opportunities seem endless, too. It has taken us more than 60 years to establish the strong, enviable global footprint we have today, and our peak is nowhere near in sight!
Dedicated to Growth In 2011, despite a volatile and challenging world economy, we were able to report double-digit growth: sales grew 10.9 percent in Dollars and 9.2 percent in local currencies with Diluted Earnings per Share on a non-U.S. GAAP basis increasing by 15.5 percent, whilst we continued to invest vigorously into R&D. Expenditures on R&D on a non-U.S. GAAP basis increased by 12.6 percent to $858 million or to 16 percent of sales. In contrast to many other companies in the pharmaceutical and medical device industries, in 2010 and 2011 we enjoyed the most productive period in our 61-year history in terms of the number of new products and new indications for which we secured regulatory approvals in the United States and other major countries around the world. For example, in the United States alone we received seven product approvals since the beginning of 2010, which is unprecedented in our history as well as for most health care companies. In the pharmaceutical industry, it is typical for a newly approved product to require five-to-six years to reach peak global sales. In the medical device industry, the time period to reach peak sales is somewhat shorter and more variable, driven by the extent of the new product innovation. As a result, we believe that the stream of recent new product approvals sets Allergan up for considerable growth in the coming years, boosted by double-digit global market growth for many of our product lines.
Particularly in the pharmaceutical industry, company growth is not only determined by the flow of new products, but also by the strength of patent estates, losses of marketing exclusivity, and the impact of generics on originator brands. The Patent Board recently ranked Allergan tenth on its list of the top 50 innovators in the pharmaceutical industry based on the number of patents issued and the strength of our patent portfolio, far ahead of Allergan’s sales ranking. Regarding patent expiries, we are uniquely positioned to handle competition from generics. BOTOX® is one of the largest biological pharmaceuticals in both its weight and complexity. In 2011, we required less than a gram of raw neurotoxin to supply the world’s requirements for 25 indications approved by Government agencies around the world. Even with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) issuing draft approval guidance for biosimilars in early 2012, a competing biosimilar of BOTOX® will require considerable resources and time. In

 BUSINESS SEGMENTS – WORLDWIDE
FY 2011 – $5.3 Billion (+11%)
47% Ophthalmology Reimbursed 38%, Cash 9%
Most pharmaceuticals in emerging markets are cash pay.
60% Reimbursed 40% Cash Pay
1% 3% Urologics Skin Care Reimbursed 1% Reimbursed 3%
15%BOTOX® Therapeutic Reimbursed 14%, Cash 1%
15%BOTOX® Cosmetic Cash 15%
2% LATISSE® Cash 2%
7% Facial Aesthetics Cash 7%
7% Breast Aesthetics Reimbursed 2%, Cash 5%
3%
Obesity Intervention Reimbursed 2%, Cash 1%
          ophthalmic pharmaceuticals and dermatology, we have used our in-depth knowledge of patients’ needs to improve our products by optimizing and patenting drug formulations where pH and concentration of active ingredients can make a substantial difference in the product’s risk-benefit profile. This partly explains why the patents on most of our significant ophthalmic products do not expire until after 2020. For some of our other products, such as RESTASIS® or TAZORAC®, it is onerous for generic products to enter the market, as the FDA requires full clinical studies to be conducted to establish bioequivalence.
In addition to our organically developed pipeline, we in-licensed and acquired products from the outside. In 2011 we announced a collaboration with MAP Pharmaceuticals, Inc. for Levadex®, an orally inhaled therapy for the acute treatment of migraine in adults, currently under review with the FDA. Levadex® is a complementary product in our neurosciences portfolio to BOTOX® for chronic migraine. We also acquired Vicept Therapeutics, Inc., with its topical cream product, which is in phase 2B for the treatment of erythema (redness) associated with rosacea. In addition, we strengthened our pipeline by licensing a DARPin® protein targeting VEGF for the treatment of retinal diseases from Molecular Partners AG in Zurich. Going forward, our strategy will be to continue to add to the depth of our pipeline by acquiring assets, effectively deploying a portion of our estimated annual free cash flow in excess of $1 billion.
Significant Results in 2011 Our business model of focusing on six distinct medical specialties, establishing leading market share positions and offering a unique mix of biologics, pharmaceuticals, medical devices and over-the-counter products once again paid dividends. Compared with most other health care companies, we also remain unique in our mix of both reimbursed and cash-pay products (paid for by the patient out-of-pocket). In 2011, we estimate that approximately 40 percent of our sales came from our cash-pay products. In addition to, for example, BOTOX® Cosmetic or JUVÉDERM® being cash pay in North America and Europe, most of our ophthalmic pharmaceuticals in emerging markets are also effectively cash pay given the lack of government health care systems and private insurance. While 2011 sales growth was driven by a diverse range of products, a few stand out. For the full year, total BOTOX® franchise sales, generated by both its medical and aesthetic uses, increased by 12.4 percent to over $1.5 billion. BOTOX® Cosmetic, marketed as VISTABEL® in Europe, increased by 12 percent, despite tough economic conditions in North America and Western Europe. BOTOX® for therapeutic indications also grew double digit by 12 percent and now accounts for just over half of the total BOTOX® franchise sales. Given the new approvals of BOTOX® in recent years, including its use for chronic migraine in the United States, Canada, Australia, most countries in the European Union and many markets in Latin America and Asia; for upper limb spasticity in the United States; and most recently, for urinary incontinence associated with neurogenic detrusor overactivity (spastic bladder) for patients who have an inadequate response to or are intolerant of an anticholinergic medication in the United States, Canada and some countries in the European Union, we believe that BOTOX® is poised for major growth in the coming years. Despite the entry of several new competitors in the aesthetics market around the world, BOTOX® continues to enjoy a 78 percent market share worldwide, down only 1 percent from a year ago.1
Reflecting on our ophthalmology business in 2011, RESTASIS® sales increased to $697 million and became the largest single prescription ophthalmic product in the United States by value2 given the growing acceptance by more specialists of the advantages of early intervention for specific patients in the treatment of chronic dry
(1) YTD Q3 2011. Mixture of public information (earnings releases, earnings calls, 10Ks, 10Qs), AGN internal data, syndicated marketing research reports, analyst reports, Internet searches, competitive intelligence, market trackers, etc.
(2) IMS U.S. Retail and Provider U.S. dollar sales data at ex-factory price levels for four quarters ended September 2011.

 MAJOR PRODUCT APPROVALS
    PRODUCT
INDICATIONa
COUNTRY
AIPHAGAN® P (brimonidine tartrate ophthalmic solution) 0.1%b
BOTOX® (onabotulinumtoxinA) BOTOX®
LAP-BAND® Adjustable Gastric Banding System
OZURDEX® (dexamethasone intravitreal implant) 0.7mg
Reduction of elevated intraocular pressure in patients with ocular hypertension or glaucoma
Treatment of urinary incontinence due to detrusor overactivity associated with a neurogenic condition
Prophylaxis of headaches in adults with chronic migraine
Weight reduction in obese adults with a body mass index (BMI) of at least 40 or a BMI of at least 30 and with at least one obesity related comorbid condition
Macular edema in patients with retinal vein occlusion and/or treatment of non-infectious uveitis
Japan
Approximately 15 countries, including: Canada, France, Germany, Spain,c United States
Approximately 25 countries, including: almost all countries in the European Union, Australia, Brazil, Canada, India, Korea
Canada, United States
Approximately 45 countries, including: Argentina, Brazil, Canada, India, Korea, Mexicoc
 In 2011 alone, Allergan secured 250+ approvals for a variety of products and indications in dozens of countries worldwide.
     (a) Specific indication verbiage varies by country.
(b) Filed by Allergan’s partner Senju and approved in 2012. (c) Approved in 2012.
eye. Our glaucoma franchise, consisting of LUMIGAN®, GANFORTTM, ALPHAGAN®, ALPHAGAN® P and COMBIGAN®, increased 11 percent to more than $1 billion. And, since the second quarter of 2011, with the contribution of LUMIGAN® sales by our partner Senju in Japan, Allergan has become the second largest glaucoma company in the world.3 Allergan has a broad range of patent-protected glaucoma products available for use by ophthalmologists as single agents or in combination with other products to address the disparate needs of their glaucoma patients.
Turning to our medical aesthetic portfolio, the JUVÉDERM® family, the world’s No. 1 selling dermal filler brand,4 grew strongly by 28 percent to $362.7 million in a rapidly expanding global market as physicians gain greater comfort and expertise in the use of dermal fillers to restore lost facial volume and offer their patients the combined benefit of BOTOX® Cosmetic with JUVÉDERM® to rejuvenate their facial appearance. In the medical aesthetics market, innovation remains key to helping physicians develop individual treatment plans for their patients based on their specific needs and concerns. As such, the latest introduction of JUVÉDERM® with lidocaine, which minimizes patients’ discomfort during treatment, was well-received. The introduction of JUVÉDERM VOLUMATM, a breakthrough product for facial volumizing, in key international markets also helped further expand the dermal filler market.
Across all of our six specialty businesses, the primary detractor to growth was the LAP-BAND® System, which has suffered due to reimbursement restrictions imposed by U.S. health care plans and budget-challenged governments in Europe and Australia. In a time of high unemployment, high co-pays for all bariatric procedures have further caused declines in the overall market. As such, the benefit of receiving an expanded approval for LAP-BAND® from the FDA to include more moderately obese patients, qualifying another 27 million Americans for the surgery, was still insufficient to offset the economic challenges facing the business this year. In 2012 we will focus on addressing the reimbursement barriers, utilizing recently published health economic data that support the payback period for a LAP-BAND® procedure in a morbidly obese patient suffering from Type 2 diabetes, which we estimate to be a little more than two years due to the medical savings that the patient recovers as a result of weight loss.
Productivity & Efficiency With ballooning health care costs across the world taking up a higher proportion of Gross Domestic Product, the industry is subject to enormous pressures from payors. These range from Government- mandated taxes and rebates under U.S. Health Care Reform to increased rebates for formulary access by U.S. managed care providers and to price cuts by Governments from Europe to Turkey and Korea. In 2011, we estimate that we absorbed a total of $130 million in pre-tax equivalent costs from Government-mandated programs, and still delivered strong earnings and revenue growth. With these pressures likely to continue in the near future, it is a strategic imperative to drive ever-greater operational efficiency, as we have demonstrated and will continue to pursue through the following: Focus: Growth is driven by innovation and customer service. In 2011 more than 50 percent of all employees worldwide work in either R&D or sales. Manufacturing: Global supply of all of our products is manufactured in just five plants; since 1997 we have 200 fewer employees in manufacturing whilst sales increased ninefold; capacity utilization in our plants is approximately 85 percent,5 while the norm in the pharmaceutical industry is less than 50 percent.6 Since 2009 alone, we have reduced the standard cost of manufacturing our key products7 by approximately 16 percent. Gross Margin: Thanks to lowered manufacturing costs and lower royalty
(3) IMS 48 countries rollup, YTD Q3 2011.
(4) Mixture of public information (earnings releases, earnings calls, 10Ks, 10Qs), AGN internal data, syndicated marketing research reports, analyst reports, Internet searches, competitive intelligence,
market trackers, etc. for U.S. Dollar sales at actual rates for four quarters ending September 2011.
(5) Allergan internal estimate based on an average of ~ 2.5 shifts per day, 6 days per week.
(6) McKinsey & Company.
(7) LUMIGAN®, COMBIGAN®, RESTASIS® and BOTOX®.

 LEADING MARKET SHARE POSITION IN GROWING MARKETSa
  WORLDWIDE MARKET SIZE ($M)
WORLDWIDE MARKET GROWTH
ALLERGAN WORLDWIDE MARKET SHARE
Ophthalmics Neuromodulators Dermal Fillers Breast Aesthetics
$18,127 $2,124 $960 $820
+10% +16% +24% +4%
15% 78% 37% 42%
 ALLERGAN WORLDWIDE MARKET POSITION
#2 #1 #1 #1
(a) Q3 2011 Moving Annual Total. Ophthalmics – IMS Global (53 countries) at Q3-11 constant exchange rates and actual U.S. retina sales data. Neuromodulator/ Filler/Breast– Mixture of public information (earnings releases, earnings calls, 10Ks, 10Qs), AGN internal data, syndicated marketing research reports, analyst reports, Internet searches, competitive intelligence, market trackers, etc.
payments to third parties, our gross margin in 2011 was 86 percent. R&D: We are pleased with the many regulatory approvals that R&D has delivered, enabling us to bring new products to market. In addition, we are driving down costs by conducting more clinical trials outside of the United States whilst maintaining the highest standards in the quality of the data we gather to meet the regulatory requirements for new product approvals. Driving efficiency, we have, since 2008, enrolled 24 percent more patients per clinical research associate thanks to improved systems and management tools.
Corporate Responsibility Whilst we work hard to deliver a strong performance, we are committed to doing business in the most responsible and ethical manner. Considerable resources are dedicated to ensuring that we train on, and comply with, all Government laws and regulations around the world. We have strong and experienced audit and compliance teams in place that conduct not only financial and operational audits but also compliance audits to ensure the quality of our training and business practices. We are also as committed to respecting our environment. Allergan is featured for the fourth consecutive year in the Leadership Index of the Carbon Disclosure Project for our approach to reducing our impact on climate change. Allergan has also become a component of the Dow Jones Sustainability Index. Companies are assessed and selected as part of the Dow Jones Sustainability Index based on their long-term economic, social and environmental asset management plans. Additionally, Allergan ranked fourth in the health care industry in Newsweek’s Green Rankings. In the coming five years we estimate that we will reduce our energy consumption and greenhouse gas emissions by 15 percent in spite of considerable growth. Thanks to a decade-long program costing more than $65 million, Allergan developed a proprietary fully in vitro, cell-based potency assay for use in the stability and potency testing of BOTOX®. With the approval of this assay by regulatory authorities in the United States, Canada, Switzerland and Hong Kong, we will reduce the use of animal-based assay testing for our product by up to 95 percent or more over the next three years as we continue to gain additional worldwide approvals. Registrations are currently ongoing in several countries worldwide, and Allergan has recently received positive opinions for this assay in Europe for BOTOX® and VISTABEL®. And finally, to emphasize the importance we give to our communities, The Allergan Foundation has since 1998 contributed more than $33 million to public charities, which is supporting various organizations to advance their causes. As such we are proud that in its latest annual study of 2,500 public companies, Trust Across America, a think tank dedicated to unraveling the complexities of trustworthy business behavior, placed Allergan sixth.
On behalf of our management and Board of Directors, I wish to recognize and thank our employees around the world for another year of delivering on our promise to help patients fulfill their life’s potential. The significant results delivered in 2011 are the product of many individual and team contributions.
Sincerely,
David E.I. Pyott, CBE
Chairman of the Board, President & Chief Executive Officer
P.S. Check out the CEO blog launched late last year for Allergan’s perspectives on a variety of industry issues.
  