      Letter From The Chairman By any measure, 2002 was a successful year for AMERIGROUP Corporation. Hard work during the year resulted in achievement of major milestones in the company’s history. Our membership surpassed the half-million mark in 2002. And
With thanks for a job well done, we salute the service of our board of directors and its valued advice and wise counsel throughout the year. Our board recognizes the trust and confidence our investors have placed in us, and we are working every day to maintain it.
we entered into an agreement for our largest acquisition to date—that of PHP Holdings, Inc. in Florida. Membership in our health plans increased from 472,000 during 2001 to 591,000 by the end of 2002. On the first day of the new year, membership grew by another 193,000 as PHP became AMERIGROUP Florida, Inc. Following four months of outstanding effort on the part of AMERIGROUP associates and our counter- parts in Florida, we are now pleased and privileged to serve the Miami/Fort Lauderdale, Orlando and Tampa
We welcome Richard D. Shirk, who joined the board in 2002. Mr. Shirk previously served as Chairman of Cerulean Companies, a sub- sidiary of WellPoint Health Networks, Inc..
metropolitan areas.
And while our business growth during the year was impressive, it was made possible only through literally
In addition, Uwe Reinhardt, Ph.D., joined our board in 2002. Dr.
Reinhardt is a professor of economics and public affairs at Princeton
University and writes and speaks extensively on his studies of the
Medicaid managed care field. “What is needed in Medicaid managed care
are firms with a solid track record in this line of work and with sound social ethics,” Dr. Reinhardt commented earlier this year. “I believe AMERIGROUP brings these traits to the table, or I would not serve on its board.”
hundreds of events and experiences that demonstrate how our associates make a difference in the lives of the members we serve and the communities in which they live.
In this annual report, we tell some of those stories because they weave the fabric of our ultimate success. They offer glimpses behind the headlines and reveal a great deal about how and why our company succeeds.
To our shareholders, we extend thanks for your loyalty during the year. Our listing on the New York Stock Exchange was completed and celebrated on Wall Street on January third of this year. Your investment in the company is now enhanced by the greater liquidity afforded by the NYSE’s position as the largest equity market in the world. As we look to the future, we are better positioned to meet the challenges and opportunities we face because of the greater awareness and extended reach that being on the “Big Board” provides.
Guiding principles of accessible care, affordable solutions for states, and accountable management combine to facilitate the leadership that makes stories like those you will read here a reality.
While many of the headlines about health care over the past year have heralded concern about rising costs amid budget deficits, AMERIGROUP’s advocacy of affordable and effective solutions to the problems of unin- sured and underinsured people continues to provide a solution. In the nation with the world’s best health care resources, millions still go without basic health care. That is a challenge we are dedicated to resolving in our business careers. Bringing people into an organized system of care such as ours is truly a proven, effective and fiscally responsible way to make health care work in America today.
On behalf of our board, our officers and our valued customers, I thank you for your interest in and support of our mission. Whether you are a shareholder, health care provider or constituent of one of the many commu- nity-based organizations we work with, we welcome your interest in our company and hope you will join us along the road toward improved health status for 84-plus million Americans.
As you read our annual report, think about this challenge and join us in making efforts to eliminate the health care disparities our nation faces. As we engage the future, we are confident that our approach, business philosophy, values and leadership principles are effective. So it is with gratitude that we acknowledge the loyalty of our members, and with pride that we salute the accomplishments of our associates, physicians and health care providers in each of the ten communities we are privileged to serve.
Jeffrey L. McWaters Chairman and CEO
