 Letter To Stockholders
   In 2010, Amerigroup delivered results while successfully building upon the track record of quality care for our members and taxpayer value that we have demonstrated for more than 15 years.
Our total revenues for 2010 grew 11.9 percent to reach a new high of $5.8 billion. Our net income for the year was $273.4 million. Full-year 2010 earnings were $5.40 per diluted share. Amerigroup stock performed well in 2010 – over 60 percent higher than the end of 2009.
In the spring of 2010, Fortune magazine ranked Amerigroup
No. 404 on its annual list of America’s 500 largest companies. This recognition marked our first entry on the prestigious list. By year’s end, our membership grew to more than 1.9 million, an 8 percent increase over the preceding year. Membership gains were strong in most markets – a highlight was the addition of the Tennessee Long-Term Care (LTC) Program in March.
In 2010, we also prepared for further growth, having successfully secured an invitation to expand our Texas STAR+PLUS capability to the Fort Worth area. This program, similar to the LTC program in Tennessee, is a model for what we do: helping our members lead healthier, more independent lives while saving taxpayer dollars through more effective and efficient care. The impact is meaningful. In Tennessee, during the first few months of the LTC program, we were able to reduce the overall ratio of members living in nursing homes from 82 percent at the program’s inception to 72 percent today – allowing our members to live independently and comfortably, with their families and in their own communities.
From an operational standpoint, we maintained a responsible, efficient level for our selling, general and administrative expense ratio, finishing 2010 at 7.8 percent. We experienced moderate medical cost trends during the year, in part due to effective management by our clinical teams and also due to a more benign environment for medical cost inflation. More than 80 percent of our premiums went to medical care, offering not only optimal coverage but a value for taxpayers as well.
Without a dedication to high-quality care for our members, these results would be incomplete. We continue to move forward to achieve the goal of accreditation for all of our health plans, with our Georgia health plan being awarded full NCQA accreditation
in 2010, and our Florida health plan successfully achieving their re-accreditation with AAAHC. We advanced our overall provider collaboration strategy, an approach that includes offering financial incentives to promote quality and affordability, transforming primary care practices into true medical homes, better aligning our networks and exploring new opportunities for partnerships to
serve our members. We look forward to additional progress on this front in 2011.
Customer service
remained a focus
for the year, including
collaborating with
our affiliated
providers for
improved care for
our members. We
increased claim
payment accuracy
by utilizing new
technologies, enhanced training, more demanding quality and production standards, and process reengineering.
Our company continues to enhance its position and reputation nationally, further evidenced through the 2010 additions of Admiral Joseph W. Prueher, USN (Ret.) and John W. Snow, former U.S. Secretary of the Treasury, to an already impressive board of directors. Also during 2010, we established an Office of Health Reform Integration to meet the challenges and harvest the opportunities within the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and to ensure that from both a business and a healthcare perspective, we are exceeding the needs of those who rely on us amid a changing environment.
More than anything, our story is about those we serve. Both at the forefront and behind the scenes, there are differences here at Amerigroup. We believe they are recognizable. I invite you to learn more at our web site, www.amerigroupcorp.com, and to view the personal “Real Stories” videos of our case managers serving as the lifeline to the members who place their trust in us every day.
Looking back on the results of 2010, we see more than just a successful financial year: We see quality care for our members and an even stronger foundation for greater achievements going forward – enabling our company to provide innovative ideas and approaches that simplify a complex healthcare system for those who depend upon us every day. To Amerigroup and our associates, that is what
it means to deliver Real Solutions in Healthcare.
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
James G. Carlson
       