 Letter to Our
 8
Chairman & CEO
Frank R. Schmeler
“2003 was a difficult year for our employees. In the face of the uncertainty of restructuring, they stayed focused and performed with skill, dignity, and pride, while
delivering value through their actions. I am proud to
be associated with them.”
As we entered 2003, a recovery was expected in global paper and paperboard manufacturing, the industry served by our core business. It did not develop as anticipated. Although economic gains did occur during the third and fourth quarters in selected markets, they were not sufficient to have a significant positive impact on the industry as a whole. In this environment, we went about the business of managing what we could control, without waiting for external economic improvements.
Most important, we continued to right-size operations in response to a consolidating customer base. As a result, our employees confronted particularly demanding challenges last year, and I am proud of their accomplishments.
Restructuring an organization in order to match capacity with demand requires tough decisions. It has been difficult for all of us to close down operations where so many excellent employees have done their best to add value for our customers and shareholders. Albany employees performed admirably under these conditions, continuing to provide quality products and service to our customers.

Value We Created in 2003
When reporting to you last year, I outlined three major areas in which we would focus our efforts to build a strong foundation for long-term success. I’d like to tell you what we accomplished in each of these areas.
Company of Choice
I stated that we wanted to be the company of choice for shareholders, customers, employees, and suppliers. During 2003, our shareholders were rewarded with attractive returns on their investment. We delivered important new technological solutions to our customers, aimed at improving their processes, products, and profitability. Despite the difficult restructuring activities in 2003, long-term opportunities for our employees were strengthened as our initiatives to reduce costs, increase profitable revenue, and focus on process and product improvements continued to advance our competitive position. Finally, we strengthened many long-term supplier relationships in which shared expertise worked to the benefit of our respective companies.
Albany Value Concept
Through the Albany Value Concept, we demonstrated measurable financial savings for our customers in 2003. I’ll discuss the Albany Value Concept in more detail later in this letter.
Key Strategic Initiatives
Continued emphasis on our five business initiatives focused our people on common global strategies.
• Revenue Enhancement efforts overall were adversely affected by a difficult business environment and decreased demand for our engineered fabrics
products, as paper and paperboard customers continued to reduce capacity and limit production. We continue stressing the need to drive profitable top-line growth by aligning the pricing of our products with the value they deliver, and we continue to work with our customers to demonstrate the benefit of value-priced solutions.
• Process Improvement and Best Practices implementation gained momentum during the year, as our employees shared their ideas about how to work more efficiently to improve our global operations.
• New Product Development continued in all of our business segments. For example, in the Engineered Fabrics segment, new technologies in forming fabric, press fabric, dryer fabric, and process belt products were well received in the market. In the Albany Door Systems segment, new products as well as expanded after- market sales and service capabilities increased market opportunities.
2003 Financial Results
For the full year, before restructuring charges that lowered net income by $0.46 per share, we earned $2.10 per share. The restructuring charges reflected the ongoing impact of the $30 million cost reduction announced in January 2003. The Company expects significant additional charges associated with this program to occur in the first and second quarters of 2004.
Among the positive aspects of 2003 were the continued strength of our cash flows, our strong balance sheet, and our financial capacity. Net cash provided by operating activities was $131.5 million in 2003, compared to $118.8 milllion in 2002.
Although net sales increased 6.5 percent compared to 2002, they decreased 2.2 percent excluding the effect of the changes in currency translation rates, reflecting the impact of weak global demand. In addition to weak sales, the sharp increase in the value of the euro in U.S. dollars, from about $1.04 at the end of 2002 to about $1.24 at the end of 2003, squeezed our margins on U.S. dollar-denominated export sales from Europe to other regions, particularly Asia. These export sales represented about 20 percent of the paper machine clothing we manufactured in Europe during the year.
Because we have engineered fabric manufacturing facilities in several geographic regions, over time we are able to successfully relocate production to our most cost-effective sources, while maintaining the highest quality standards and continuity of supply.
• Capital
continued as we further reduced inventories and receivables, exclud- ing the effects of changes in currency translation rates. Investments in new equipment during the year were intended principally to maximize the benefits of centralized production locations.
• Information Technology has provided an increasingly important platform for delivering value to our customers. For example, our paper industry customers have online access to a state-of-the-art system that manages their paper machine clothing inventory and provides product application history.
Management
improvements
9

Without reacting to temporary currency swings or other short-term factors, we will continue to take long-term actions to improve our margins and reduce our exposure to undesirable currency effects.
With a new global leadership structure in place and significant cost improvements completed, the Albany Door Systems segment began to show signs of recovery in late 2003. Although earnings were weak in 2003, this segment is likely to strengthen in 2004 as economic conditions improve and the benefits of new products and internal efficiency improvements are realized. The High Performance Door business is more volatile in response to economic fluctuations than the Engineered Fabrics segment, but it has a history of providing attractive returns on investment over the course of a complete economic cycle.
The Applied Technologies segment improved efficiencies in all units early in 2003 and realized increases in both sales and earnings in the third and fourth quarters.
It’s all about...Value
At Albany International, we have always known that our products and services bring valuable benefits to our customers. The Albany Value Concept, which documents economic value delivered to our customers, has further strengthened our conviction. Its successful implementation is exceeding our expectations.
In 2003, our sales and marketing associates worked closely with customers to identify value opportunities. We knew that paper machine clothing (PMC) was a strategic driver for the paper manufacturing process. However, documented economic improvements were even better than anticipated for some customers where millions of dollars in savings resulted from the use of our value-driven products and services.
When news of these results reached our employees, the message reinforced their commitment to value at every level of the business. Each day, they find new ways to deliver additional value. Their efforts in consistent delivery and performance, applications support, service, quality, new product develop- ment, knowledge transfer, packaging, installation support, and information technology all contribute to Albany’s total value proposition.
“At Albany International, we have always known that our products and services bring valuable benefits to our customers.”
Albany’s management team knows that our greatest opportunities come when all our people understand their impact on quality, efficiency, and, ultimately, value for our customers and shareholders. Our management team actively engages in motivating, sharing our value vision, and providing the necessary tools, knowledge, and
resources to get the job done. Then they step back and watch empowered employees create value in ways we had not even imagined.
Customer success is one of our highest priorities. We are convinced that our customers’ success will result in improved returns to our share- holders and increased opportunities for our employees.
It’s about...Leveraging
Value for Growth
Delivering value, which is clearly a growth driver, presents unique opportunities in all our business segments. Our success in delivering value should result in profitable market share growth in all primary markets.
In the Engineered Fabrics segment, our strategic positioning adds value as we take advantage of expanding demand in the Pacific region. With a
 10
strong management team in place there, we will identify and capitalize on growth opportunities while effectively utilizing our installed capacity in the Pacific region.
The value of existing and future technologies represents dual growth opportunities in the Engineered Fabrics

 “Our focus on delivering value contributed to improved returns for our shareholders and benefits to our customers in 2003. We intend to maintain this focus during 2004.”
segment. Providing our customers with advanced technologies that not only improve their operations but also allow them to develop new and better products for their customers will expand our leadership position.
Strength in technology is a value- driver of our other business segments as well. Innovative products and services, with a strong focus on customer support, provide growth opportunities for the Albany Door Systems segment in North America and Europe. New products and efficiency improvements, coupled with expanded market opportunities, produced double- digit growth in the Applied Technologies segment in 2003. For example, the introduction of PrimaLoft® premium synthetic insula- tion into the European and Japanese markets during the year provided new prospects for growth.
Strategic capital management contributes to our ability to increase shareholder value. Capital investments will continue to be directed toward improving manufacturing efficiency, meeting the technological demands of our markets, and matching production to market demand. At the same time, our strong cash flows and balance sheet, together with the flexibility provided by our new revolving credit facility, will permit us to continue to consider investment in attractive businesses that return more than our cost of capital.
What’s Next
Our view into 2004 is similar to our expectations of one year ago.
Although the reported improvements in the general economy have not yet resulted in significant gains in our customers’ markets, we maintain a cautiously optimistic view of 2004. Further improvements in efficiency as well as opportunities for new product and process development should result from our restructuring activities as we continue to focus on those areas of our business we can control.
Our focus on delivering value contributed to improved returns for our shareholders and benefits to our customers in 2003. We intend to maintain this focus during 2004.
Becoming the company of choice for our shareholders, customers, employees, and suppliers continues as our primary objective in 2004. Reaching that goal will require the efforts of all of our employees, the strongest and most focused team in our industry. The significant improvement in shareholder returns over the last few years is a reflection of the hard work, skill, and devotion of our people. In the end, they know it’s all about value.
Frank R. Schmeler Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
 11
