letter to our shareholders
 Joseph G. Morone President & Chief Executive Officer
cash and grow (US$ million)
net sales
2009 2010 2011
adjusted EBITDA*
2009 2010 2011
long-term debt (December 31)
2009 2010 2011
*EBITDA from continuing operations, excluding restructuring charges, revaluation effects, and gains from building sales and early retirement of debt; see item 7 of Form 10-K for disclosure of non-GAAP data.
2011 was another good year for Albany Inter- national. Sales improved by 6 percent, adjusted EBITDA* increased by 23 percent, and net debt declined by more than $50 million to $256 million.
Once again, the strong results were led by Paper Machine Clothing (PMC), which performed excep- tionally in all our key market segments and with all our strategic customers. PrimaLoft® Products also performed well across all of its major market seg- ments, particularly in outerwear in Europe. And for Albany Engineered Composites (AEC), 2011 was a year of singular importance. The business passed an important milestone in its maturation, reaching posi- tive EBITDA. But of greater significance to Albany’s long-term future was the unprecedented rate of or- ders for the Airbus re-engined single-aisle aircraft (the A320neo), followed by Boeing’s decision late in the year to re-engine its single-aisle aircraft (the 737MAX) exclusively with the LEAP engine. We estimate the market potential for the composite components that we are making for the LEAP engine, which will power
              2
 
“The continued and indeed growing market strength
of PMC, coupled with the greater clarity about th”
 e market potential for AEC, has brought us to a major
branch point in the evolution of the Company.
a large majority of these re-engined single-aisle air- On the surface, the two core businesses could not craft, to be more than $150 million per year once the be more different. PMC is a global leader in its indus- program is at full-rate production, with the possibility try, a fully developed business in a mature market, for additional revenue if we capitalize on opportuni- while AEC is still early in its life cycle, an emerging ties to add additional LEAP parts. Additional market business in a rapidly growing market. PMC is a opportunities beyond LEAP components should only powerful cash generator, while AEC will be absorb- add to this growth potential. It is our objective to ing cash for another half decade. PMC has limited grow AEC into a $300 to $500 million revenue potential for growth, while AEC has great potential. business by 2020.
The continued and indeed growing market strength of PMC, coupled with the greater clarity about the market potential for AEC, has brought us to a major branch point in the evolution of the Company. In
late 2011, we announced the sale of Albany Doors Systems and the integration of the Engineered Fabrics and PMC segments. As we discussed in some detail in our earnings releases, the combina- tion of these changes strengthened our balance sheet, earnings potential, and cash flow; clarified our corporate structure and strategy; and largely completed the transformation of Albany International that began six years ago. Albany International now comprises two core businesses – PMC and AEC – plus Primaloft® Products.
And yet for all their differences, PMC and AEC
are very much a part of the same company. The manufacturing and technology synergies between them are substantial, and should grow over time. Both draw off the same core advanced textiles
and materials processing capabilities. Both must continue to wage that two-front war that I described in last year’s letter: investing in the talent, R&D,
and plant and equipment required to differentiate their products and services, while at the same time improving productivity, offsetting inflation, and striving for the lowest costs possible. And most importantly, both are pursuing business strategies that are grounded in a commitment to technology leadership. Everything flows from that—from sustainable growth in AEC, to strengthening market share where it matters most and withstanding pricing pressures in PMC, to the ability to drive down costs while increasing quality in both AEC and PMC.
3

4
“. . .we enter 2012 a ver”y different company than we were a year ago, let alone a half decade.
 Outlook: 2012 and Beyond
The outlook for PMC, both near- and long-term, is
of course tightly tied to the health of the global paper industry, which is projected by RISI to grow by an average of about 2.5 percent per year over the next half decade. For a number of reasons, we feel this likely means flat to 1 percent annual growth in the PMC market. There are several important growth segments in the global paper industry; the most important, of course, is Asia, which is expected to grow by more than 5 percent a year over the next five years, and which should account for nearly half of global paper consumption by 2016. But there are also important growth segments in North America and Europe. These mature markets suffer from the very visible declines in consumption of the printing, writing, and newsprint grades and, particularly in Europe, from overcapacity in the paper industry.
But even so, RISI’s five-year outlook for paper consumption in North America and Europe is es- sentially flat; those declines in printing, writing, and newsprint grades are projected to be offset by growth in tissue and packaging.
What does this mean for Albany’s PMC business? We are now especially well positioned — with products, capacity, market presence, and strategic alliances — in all of the growth regions and seg-
ments of the global paper industry. This suggests that the primary challenge for our PMC business for the foreseeable future is to execute: to take advan- tage of this favorable strategic position by continuing to focus on the leading papermakers in the growing regions and grades around the world, continuing to introduce new products and differentiated services to those papermakers, continuing to offset inflation year over year through productivity gains, and over time, continuing to balance our manufacturing and service footprint with our customers’ geographic footprint. We are applying exactly the same strategy to our nonwovens, building products, and tannery and textile customers, focusing on serving the leading manufacturers in the growing regions and grades, offering them differentiated products and services, and continuously improving productivity.
Execution is also the key to AEC’s success for the foreseeable future. As we have discussed, we are planning for a market of at least 1,500 LEAP engines per year, with a very fast ramp beginning in mid- decade. Once fully ramped, we expect the market to continue through the next decade, with multiple opportunities for additions to AEC content. Our ability to fully realize this market potential now depends upon how effectively we prepare for that

 ramp-up, and the next 12 months will arguably be the most important stretch of time in this process. Several critical product and process design and
test milestones will be reached, key elements of the supply chain will be put in place, construction of
the first LEAP composites plant in Rochester, New Hampshire, will commence, with groundbreaking on a second plant in France following quickly thereafter. We are working in collaboration with SAFRAN and CFM on all of these fronts; the working relationship is very strong, and progress to date is encouraging. 2012 will also be a critical year for execution at our AEC operation in Boerne, Texas, as several impor- tant programs, most notably a set of components for the LiftFan® of the Joint Strike Fighter, are finally on the cusp of the transition from development to full-rate production.
So we enter 2012 a very different company than
we were a year ago, let alone a half decade.
Albany International is now a company with two core businesses centered on common capabili-
ties in advanced textiles and materials processing. Both businesses are well positioned to lead in their respective markets. Both have the resources, talent, and management teams required to succeed in the near- and long-term. And for both, long-term suc-
cess now hinges on near-term execution. Judging from their track records in 2011, there is good reason for confidence that these two businesses, along
with Primaloft® Products, will meet the near-term
test in 2012, and that for the long haul, this duo of PMC and AEC — a global leader in a mature market coupled with an emerging leader in a growth market — will provide that sustainable combination of cash and growth that all of you have come to expect from all of us.
Let me close this letter with a deeply felt note of thanks to the 4,300 men and women across the globe who make up Albany International. Thank you for your fine work and your impressive commitment to our customers, to each other, and especially to our shareholders.
Joseph G. Morone President & Chief Executive Officer
 5
