2014 was a good year for Albany International, as
both businesses met short-term expectations while
remaining firmly on track toward their long-term
objectives. Although aggregate sales declined 1.1
percent excluding currency effects, Adjusted EBITDA
improved by 7.0 percent, even after 10 percent
increases in R&D spending in both businesses.
Total debt decreased by $32 million, and by the
end of the year, our largest pension plans (U.S.,
Canada, and the U.K.) were fully funded.
In my letter to you last year, I wrote that our strategy,
both short- and long-term, comprises three
imperatives: hold Machine Clothing (MC) cash flow;
execute the LEAP ramp; and advance the Albany
Engineered Composites (AEC) pipeline. In 2014,
we performed well on all three fronts; we look to
do the same in 2015.
Hold Machine Clothing Cash Flow
To hold Machine Clothing cash flow steady, we must
offset three sources of downward pressure in the
machine clothing industry: the structural decline in
the printing and writing grades of paper, inflationary
cost increases, and pricing pressures. The essence
of our strategy is to offset these downward forces
with a combination of (a) strong performance
in the GNP-driven growth segments of tissue,
packaging, and pulp, and in the growth regions of
Asia and South America; (b) incremental productivity
improvements coupled with periodic adjustments of
capacity to market conditions; and (c) development
and delivery of superior products and services.
All three components of our MC strategy contributed
to the good performance in 2014. While our efforts to
offset declines in the North American and European
publication grades were hampered by economic
weakness in South America and the combination
of a slowing economy and overcapacity in China,
they were helped by strong Albany performance in
the packaging, tissue, and pulp markets. Likewise,
incremental productivity improvements and lower
costs resulting from the 2013 restructuring of our two MC operations in France led to an improvement
in gross margins, from 42.8 percent in 2013 to
43.1 percent in 2014. And 2014 saw an intensifying
investment and growing momentum in our efforts
to advance our new technology platform toward
initial market applications.
We expect a similar pattern in 2015. While
inflationary pressure could be somewhat alleviated
by the decline in oil prices, the volume declines in
the publication grades will likely continue, and with
several large contract negotiations at the end of the
year, pricing pressures will likely intensify. Offsetting
these downward pressures, we expect continued
improvement in productivity from our Lean/Six
Sigma activities and from the impact of our recently
announced restructuring in Germany; our sales into
the packaging, tissue, and pulp market segments
should benefit from the combination of a stronger
U.S. GNP in 2015 and the start-up around the world
of several significant machines in these grades.
And 2015 should be an important year for learning
more about the potential impact of our new
technology platform. As I mentioned in our Q4
earnings call, we are starting to see enough success
with this new technology in initial applications in the
high-performance ends of the tissue and nonwovens
markets that we are adding capacity to serve these
initial niche markets, while at the same time exploring
the broader applicability of this platform through
several preliminary field trials.
It is this combination of a focus on the growth
grades and segments, continued pursuit of
productivity improvements, and growing investment
in new technology that we believe provides the
foundation for sustained MC cash flow in 2015
and beyond.
Execute the LEAP Ramp
In Albany Safran Composites (ASC), 2014 was
devoted to installing, qualifying, and starting up
the initial production modules in our two LEAP
plants. The most outwardly visible milestones of
progress were the plants’ formal openings, the first
in Rochester, New Hampshire, on March 31, and
the second in Commercy, France, on November 24. The latter event was attended by François Hollande,
President of the Republic of France. Both plants are
now producing the parts required for CFM’s engine
testing and certification program. 2014 was also
notable for the turnaround in our Boerne, Texas,
operation, which accounts for roughly a quarter of
AEC sales. Following the same approach toward
operational discipline being implemented at the two LEAP plants, the team at Boerne made significant
improvements in yield and on-time delivery across all
of its programs, and most notably in AEC’s second
largest program – the development and production
of composite parts for the LiftFan® of the Joint Strike
Fighter. These improvements at Boerne accounted
for most of the swing in AEC Adjusted EBITDA, from
a loss of $5.5 million in 2013 to positive $1.1 million
in 2014.
In 2015 and into 2016, the primary focus for AEC
operations shifts from start-up of the LEAP plants
and improvements in Boerne to preparation for
the ramp-up in LEAP production. When I wrote
to you last year, CFM (the joint venture between
Safran and GE) had recorded 6,100 orders for the
LEAP engine and was suggesting that total annual
production volume might reach as high as 1,700
engines per year. As of March 2015, the number
of orders for LEAP had grown to over 8,500, and
CFM was suggesting that total annual production
volume would likely reach 1,800 engines (i.e., 32,400
blades) by 2020. In order to hit such historically high
production rates in such a historically short period of
time, we must achieve a high-yield, highly repeatable
manufacturing process before the ramp begins in
earnest. The slope of the ramp curve, and the rate
of required production, simply won’t allow for a more
traditional learning-curve-based process of improving
yields incrementally as manufacturing volumes ramp
gradually. While it will not be particularly apparent
in the form of externally visible milestones, the next
year-and-a-half for ASC will be dominated by
an all-out Albany effort, coupled with intense
collaboration with Safran, to align Safran’s required
design tolerances with Albany’s manufacturing
capabilities. It is worth noting in this regard that our
partnership with Safran is stronger than ever and
by now extends deep into both organizations.
Advance the AEC Pipeline
A year ago I outlined the significant investments
that we have made in both talent and capital to
develop AEC’s research and technology pipeline,
and explained that our challenge would be to
broaden our portfolio of potential customers and
applications while simultaneously moving at least
some projects closer to commercial reality. In 2014, the pipeline produced its first significant
commercial agreement. Through Albany Safran
Composites, AEC was selected to develop and
”
supply the composite fan case for the GE9X, the
engine that will power Boeing’s new 777x aircraft.
According to GE, the 9X will be the largest
turbofan engine ever developed, and thus will
require the largest fan case, let alone composite
fan case, ever manufactured. AEC’s participation
on a component as critical and challenging as
this fan case represents a significant and highly
visible market validation of the advantages of
our technology.
At the Farnborough Airshow in June 2014,
CFM disclosed that it was looking to make
enhancements to LEAP, and that it should be
possible to further reduce engine weight by
“hundreds of pounds.” As we have discussed
before, AEC is developing with Safran additional
composite parts that are candidates for
inclusion in future upgrades to the LEAP engine,
and we continue to view this as one of our
most promising areas of potential growth.
As we turn to 2015, we expect our R&D activities
in aerospace to continue to advance across a
range of customers and applications for engines
and airframes. We are also intensifying our
exploration of applications in the automotive
industry. Early in 2015, AEC signed a joint
development agreement with Ricardo plc, a
U.K.-based engineering company with a strong
presence in the automotive industry. Initially
the joint effort will probe the high-performance
end of the automotive market.
On the surface, not much will change for Albany
International in 2015. Our strategy will be identical
to 2014’s: hold MC cash flow, execute the LEAP
ramp, and grow the AEC pipeline. But beneath
the surface, 2015 will be an important year for
both businesses. With new machine start-ups
in critical MC market segments and preliminary
field-based trials of our new technology platform
in equally critical MC market segments, an intense
concentration on preparing for the LEAP ramp,
and the continued exploration of new applications
for our composites technology in the engine,
airframe, and automotive markets, 2015 could
well be as important a year for development of
new technology as any in the Company’s
120-year history. I look forward to providing
you an update as the year progresses.
Finally, let me close with a word about the
approximately 4,000 members of the Albany
community. Everything I’ve written about
here is the product of their good work. Each
of them has my sincere thanks for their
commitment to the Company, to each other,
and to you, our shareholders. 
Joseph G. Morone
President & Chief Executive Officer