   6
Letter to Our Shareholders
Last year was a challenging one for our Company. At the beginning of 2002, I promised that we would continue to manage the business fundamen- tals by focusing on those areas within our direct control — operational efficiency, process improvement, and product and tech- nology innovation. Albany International employees have delivered on the promise with improvements in operations and increased
earnings.
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Frank R. Schmeler believes that by focusing our Company on delivering value, we can become the Company of Choice for our shareholders,
customers, employees, and suppliers.

Delivering on the Promise
In the weak economic environment of 2002, we continued aggressively pursuing our key strategic initiatives, which enabled us to increase efficien- cy, reduce costs, pay down debt, and increase earnings.
Albany people everywhere are working with these initiatives to create change in our business processes and practices. Our key strategic initiatives include:
•
• • • •
platform for enhancing customer service and relationships and for improving internal efficiencies. Our team’s successful implemen-
tation of these initiatives delivered strong results.
2002 Financial Results
Net sales declined 2.5% in com- parison to 2001 as economic condi- tions negatively affected all of our businesses. However, earnings per share before the cumulative effect of changes in accounting principles grew to $1.70 in 2002, compared to $1.07 in 2001. Including the cumulative effect of changes in accounting principles in both years, net income per share was $1.52 in 2002 and $1.04 in 2001.
Capital resource management resulted in another year of strong cash flow. Net cash provided by operating activities was $118.8 million in 2002 and $463.7 million for the 2000-2002 three-year period. The strong cash flow enabled us to reduce our debt from $564.3 million at the end of 1999 to $235.8 million at the end of 2002.
Completion of restructuring initia- tives announced in 2001 contributed to improved operating results in 2002, and will have additional positive effects in 2003. In January 2003, we announced our intention to reduce operating costs by an additional $30 million by June 2004.
Albany Value Concept
While we are proud of our accom- plishments, much remains to be done. We want Albany International to be the Company of Choice that delivers value for shareholders, customers, employees, and suppliers. To realize this important vision, we must:
New Product Development — extending our technological lead- ership through focused research and development and the timely introduction of new products that allow customers to increase their profitability, expand their markets, and improve their products. Process Improvements and Best Practices — globally seeking and sharing new opportunities for improvement in all our operations. Revenue Enhancement — driving top-line growth by aligning the pricing of our products with the value they deliver.
Capital Management — partnering with our customers to reduce inventories and accounts receiv- able.
Information Technology — lever- aging information technology as a
• •
•
•
Create growth opportunities and generate attractive returns on invested capital for our shareholders.
Be the highest-value provider of critical products and services delivered on time to our customers, and be the committed technology leader with strategic new products that increase cus- tomer profitability.
Provide a stimulating work envi- ronment for our employees with challenging opportunities and a culture rooted in participation, where everyone can make a difference.
Develop a common purpose and mutually rewarding business relationships with our suppliers. Our Company has a remarkable
history of creating value in the products and services provided to our cus- tomers. Today, we know that to be the Company of Choice we must continue to create additional value for all of our
7

 stakeholders. We will reach that goal through the Albany Value Concept.
Introduced in 2002, the Albany Value Concept highlights the impor- tant elements of our businesses and encourages understanding of the things we do well—our value portfolio—while identifying areas where improvements can deliver additional value.
Focusing on the need to provide exceptional value drives change throughout our Company. The Albany Value Concept emphasizes the impor- tant role that employees play in delivering value and drives improve- ments in organization, efficiency, and new product development.
Understanding the strengths of our business offers the potential to bring value to our key relationships.
Our employees are the core of the value we deliver. They reward us by being efficient, engaged, hard-working, and agents of change. For example, their efforts to match our business size and efficiency to a changing customer environment have improved operating results.
Technology is a key value driver for the industries we serve. In our Engineered Fabrics segment, break- through technologies introduced by our Company have altered the landscape of our industry. Triple-layer forming fabrics, seamed press fabrics, special-
Our Senior Management team is committed to increasing shareholder value. From left to right: William M. McCarthy, Group Vice President–Technology and the Pacific Region; Michael C. Nahl, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Edward Walther, Group Vice President– North America; Michel J. Bacon, Group Vice President–Europe; Dieter Polt, Senior Vice President–Industrial Products; Frank Kolf, Senior Vice President–Administration and Development.
8
purpose monofilament dryer fabrics, and a complete range of process belts are examples of Albany technologies that significantly impacted the paper- making process. We will continue to provide leading-edge technology solutions that meet the changing needs of our customers.
By leveraging our core technical competencies, we are able to seize new market opportunities. In the Albany Door Systems and Applied Technologies business segments, our products and services improve our customers’ operations and bring addi- tional value to their businesses.
Intellectual Property is the corner- stone of our effort in new technologies. Idea generation is essential to our intellectual property portfolio, and we
are not lacking in fresh, stimulating ideas. The challenge in delivering value is to select the right ideas and to develop them into successful new products and processes.
Organizational structure require- ments changed as our primary cus- tomer base consolidated and removed excess capacity. We responded with restructuring initiatives, aimed at making our own organization and facilities more efficient, while matching capacity to customer demand. With world-class manufacturing facilities strategically located in 15 countries, we are well positioned globally to deliver innovative products and services to our customers.

Our management team is delivering value by working together to identify and meet the needs of our global markets. They are committed to the success of our Company and to delivering attractive returns to our shareholders.
Growth Opportunities
While we will continue to evaluate future growth opportunities, today we are focused on several key areas that will benefit all our stakeholders.
•
and to an expansion at our plant in Finland that will consolidate dryer production into two European locations.
• Revenue enhancement activities will be supported and accelerated by the Albany Value Concept, as we demonstrate to our customers the value delivered through our products and services.
• Our presence in Australia, Korea, and China should lead to the Company’s growth in the emerging Asia-Pacific region.
• The Albany Door Systems and Applied Technologies business segments are being reorganized to increase efficiency, reduce costs, and accelerate new product devel- opment. These segments will be well positioned to take advantage of improving economic conditions, whenever they occur, and con- tribute to the Company’s growth.
• Growth through acquisition, an ongoing consideration, will depend on the results of our efforts to identify opportunities that make sense for our shareholders.
What’s Next
Looking ahead, there is uncertainty about near-term business conditions, and the timing and strength of eco- nomic recovery. We intend to continue our focus on those things within our
control: operational efficiency, process improvement, and product and tech- nology innovation.
It is important that we listen to our customers and understand their needs. It is equally important that our cus- tomers understand and identify the value we deliver through our products and services. We will continue to develop new products and technology to deliver value, which will assist our customers in improving their products, expanding their markets, and increas- ing their profitability. By delivering greater value to our customers, we believe we can deliver greater value to our shareholders as well.
I want to thank our employees for our 2002 accomplishments, and I have every confidence they will continue to drive Albany’s success. Recently, I asked one of our long-term employ- ees, “Where does the value in Albany International come from?” She responded, “Frank, it starts with me.” She is right.
Frank R. Schmeler Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
•
We recognize the importance of
continued investment in facili- ties and equipment to maximize efficiency and product quality. Capital expenditures are expected to increase to approximately $55 million in 2003. The increase is due to a new plant in France, where we will consolidate production to serve the expanding nonwovens market,
We will extend our earnings success through continued process improvement and cost reduction. New analytical tools are being used to uncover addi- tional opportunities for increasing efficiency. As we identify best practices and drive them through- out our organization, we will see further process improvements.
 9
