A Letter to Our Shareholders

Joseph G. Morone, President and Chief Executive Officer

In last year's annual report, I wrote that Albany was entering a new strategic era, a period of growth and diversification with the objective of transforming Albany from a paper machine clothing (PMC) company into a family of advanced textiles and materials businesses. A year later, our objective remains the same: Over the course of the next decade, we aim to transform Albany into a company that combines the long-term cash-generating power of PMC with the long-term growth potential of several new businesses derived from the core textile and materials capabilities of our PMC business. In a nutshell, ours is a "cash and grow" strategy. PMC is our cash generator; not a cash cow to be gradually milked into decline, but our present and future core business. The emerging businesses --aerospace composites, the applied technologies businesses that extend advanced textiles to industries outside of paper, and high-performance doors--are our growth vehicles. For PMC, our strategy, both near-term and long, is to grow profits. And for the emerging businesses, our strategy both near- and long-term is to grow profitably. The two are tightly connected. We cannot grow the emerging businesses as we envision, or preserve the long-term health of our core business for that matter, without the profits of PMC. But at the same time, we can't promise our shareholders steadily growing returns on their investment without the growth created by those emerging businesses. Cash and grow. PMC and Emerging Businesses. Grow profits and grow profitably. This is the essence of our strategy for 2007 and beyond. 2

"Cash and grow. PMC and Emerging   Businesses. Grow profits and grow  profitably. This is the essence of our   strategy for 2007 and beyond."

PMC

After record sales and earnings in 2005, we entered 2006 fully expecting the momentum to carry us through the year. But 2006 proved to be one of those "perfect storms" in PMC. During the first half of the year, we experienced a sharp increase in raw materials costs, resulting from the spike in oil prices. At the same time, consolidation in our customer base led to an acceleration of paper machine closures in North America and Europe, putting downward pressure on PMC sales. And then competitive factors in Europe triggered a round of price cutting in that region. The results for Albany were flat sales and a reduction in operating income in global PMC. And yet, we enter 2007 in a stronger competitive position than we were in at the outset of 2006. Fueled by new products and services that deliver ever greater value to our customers, market share in the all-important Americas corridor remains strong; our expansion in Asia and South America is progressing well; a revamped R&D organization is developing an array of promising new products, several of which are rapidly approaching market trials; and continuing efforts to improve quality and simplify production are bearing fruit in the marketplace and on the bottom line. But even with this growing competitive strength, what 2006 brought into sharp relief was the reality that even in the best of times, PMC is a slowgrowth market. To produce the returns in PMC that we desire and that our shareholders expect,

our strategy in PMC must be two-sided: On the one hand, we must strengthen the top line by continuing to deliver ever greater value to our customers through a continuing stream of new products and services, enhancements to quality, and shorter delivery times. But at the same time, we must also do what it takes to improve margins, by continuing to simplify our organizational structure and business processes, optimizing manufacturing structure and flow, and exploiting the economies of scope and scale that our size creates. Albany International is the clear market leader in PMC, with global market share about twice the size of the next largest competitor. But if 2006 taught us anything about PMC, it is that share is not nearly sufficient as a measure of industry leadership. Our goal in PMC must be total leadership: the best products and service, shortest delivery times, highest quality, and lowest costs possible.

Emerging Businesses

We entered 2006 with a determination to grow outside of PMC. By the end of the year, we had identified and developed the future road map for what we believe to be three significant and sustainable growth vehicles for the future: aerospace composites, a family of businesses that apply our PMC technologies to industries outside of paper, and high-performance doors.

3

"The most exciting development of   2006 was the emergence of Albany   Engineered Composites as a business   with significant, sustainable, long-term   growth potential."
Applied Technologies The most exciting development of 2006 was the emergence of Albany Engineered Composites (AEC) as a business with significant, sustainable, long-term growth potential. In Q1 we announced the acquisition of Texas Composite Inc. (TCI), which in combination with our Techniweave operation gave us full product development, engineering, and manufacturing capability in both conventional and more advanced three-dimensional composite parts. In Q3 we announced that Albany Engineered Composites had entered into two long-term exclusive agreements with Snecma and Messier-Dowty, leaders in jet engines and aircraft landing gear, respectively, to develop and commercialize advanced composite parts using Albany's unique design and manufacturing technology. These two agreements represent significant long-term sales opportunities, but even more importantly, they validate the uniqueness of our capabilities in advanced composites, and the rich potential for a wide array of additional applications. At the same time, our near-term growth in more conventional applications was also beginning to take off, thanks to the acquisition of TCI and the reaction of customers to that acquisition. The most prominent new orders came from Eclipse, the maker of a new generation of private commercial aircraft known as VLJ (Very Light Jet), which we announced in our Q3 earnings release. In that same release, we offered our first estimate of the future growth rate of AEC--a 25% compound annual growth potential for this business over the next five years, without acquisition, and assuming, of course, that our customers realized their expectations. And in our Q4 earnings release, we reported that, between Q3 and Q4 alone, sales grew by 17%. 4

As we enter 2007, we are convinced that the realization of this growth potential depends on our ability to build rapidly the manufacturing and engineering base required to seize and deliver upon the many new business opportunities available to us. Given our unique technology in advanced composites and our growing capacity and reputation in more conventional composites, given the richness of new business opportunities in this field, and given the ready internal availability of capital to fully fund growth, the primary risks associated with this business are associated with execution, with our ability to manage current growth while we build an enduring foundation for future growth. When we acquired TCI at the outset of the year, we suggested that it would be dilutive in 2006. It was. We also suggested that we expected it to be accretive in 2007. We still believe that to be the case. In addition to AEC, the Applied Technologies segment also includes a family of businesses, each of which applies our core advanced textiles capabilities to industries outside of paper, ranging from markets adjacent to paper, like pulp and corrugators, to a host of process industries further removed from paper, such as nonwovens, building products, mining, tannery, and textiles, to completely different industries like pollution control and high-performance insulating materials for outerwear and home furnishings. Each of these businesses shares three attributes: they serve markets with significantly higher growth rates than paper; they are built on proprietary Albany technology; and in general, they have been undercapitalized, both in manufacturing capacity and in the capability to develop new products. Over the course of

the year, as our overall "cash and grow" strategy came fully into focus, we began to take the steps necessary to realize the long-term growth potential inherent to the notion of applying our advanced textiles know-how developed in serving the paper industry to other, faster-growth industries. Among the most important of these steps were the combination of some of these businesses to create critical mass; investment in new manufacturing capacity, most notably in Zhangjiagang, China, for our filtration business, and in Kaukauna, Wisconsin, for our Engineered Fabrics business; and the establishment of R&D and product development capability to drive expansion into new markets and applications. At the end of Q3, we announced that in aggregate, we believe that these businesses have the potential to grow at least at a 5% compound annual growth rate. We have seen nothing in the intervening months to suggest otherwise. Albany Door Systems For the doors business, 2006 was a mixed year. The top line grew once again, this time by 7%, while operating margins were flat. As we turn to 2007, the doors business has two primary objectives: maintain the recent rate of growth, and improve margins through a business-wide set of process improvement initiatives. At the same time, we intend to explore the opportunities to grow this business via expansion into new product segments and into the aftermarket (parts and service). Our limited experience to date suggests an opportunity for substantial acceleration of growth in sales and margin in the aftermarket . . . if we can establish a sustainable business model. But even without a sustainable presence in the aftermarket, we believe this business has the potential to continue to grow at a 5 to 7% compound annual rate, except in times of economic recession.

In sum, 2006 was a disappointing year. But beneath the surface and across the company, the foundation was laid for the "cash and grow" strategy that will serve our shareholders' interests for many years to come. The impact of those efforts will start to become apparent later in 2007 and in early 2008, and will be fully visible by 2009. This company is distinguished by a remarkable community of dedicated employees, most of whom are themselves shareholders. I speak for all of them in saying that we enter 2007 with a sense of momentum in each of our businesses, and a spirit of optimism that we are laying the foundation today for sustainable long-term growth in returns to our shareholders tomorrow.

Joseph G. Morone President and Chief Executive Officer

5

