 ALAN COLBERG PRESIDENT AND CEO
DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,
  MOMENTS AND OPPORTUNITIES
Sports are often used as a metaphor for business, because of the comparisons to strategy, leadership, teamwork and a desire to win. One sports quote I relate to is from famed hockey coach Herb Brooks who said, “Great moments are born from great opportunities.” As true in sports as it is in business, what’s important is being able to recognize those
We approached the year with an eye toward advancing our strategy for profitable growth and finding new and better ways to serve our clients and consumers.
 moments that offer unique opportunities to advance our strategy.
In this final year of our multi-year transformation, we experienced many important moments — some exciting, others that tested our mettle. We approached the year with an eye toward advancing our strategy for profitable growth and finding new and better ways to serve our clients and consumers. And, as always, we supported the communities where we live and work.
OPPORTUNITIES TO SERVE
When I consider the year, some of the defining moments
for Assurant were seen through the catastrophic hurricanes, earthquakes and wildfires that devastated many communities across the Caribbean, Mexico and the U.S. Our employees — many of whom personally felt the effects of these destructive events — were unyielding in their support. Our teams managed customer claims in the hardest hit areas in Houston, Puerto Rico, the southeastern U.S., Mexico City and California. The damage was so significant that many areas are still recovering — so our work continues in earnest.
I take great pride not only in how quickly our employees mobilized, but even more so, in the compassion with which our teams addressed our policyholders in their time of need — that’s what sets us apart. All told, we sustained more than $190 million of net after-tax reportable catastrophes, but thankfully, our net losses were mitigated by our comprehen- sive catastrophe reinsurance program.
OPPORTUNITIES TO GROW
Another defining moment was our acquisition of The Warranty Group (TWG) from TPG Capital for $2.5 billion, which we announced in October. This leading global provider of protec- tion plans and related programs will significantly advance our strategy in the global lifestyle market with an attractive product and client portfolio, diversified growth profile and a deeper global footprint. Their capabilities will help us build future growth across Assurant.
We also are pleased by organic growth across many other lines of business. Within our Connected Living business, we grew by adding partnerships with major global brands including
2017 Annual Report 1
 
AppleCare Services, Darty in France and KDDI in Japan —
and now offer their customers a wide array of services beyond mobile phone insurance. These important relationships demonstrate our market leading position across the mobile value chain.
In multi-family housing, we now protect 1.8 million renters across the U.S. — an increase of almost 20 percent from 2016. This growth reflects our strong suite of products and strong partnerships and dedication to superior customer experience.
And Preneed remained a steady contributor to Assurant, supported by our long-term partnership with U.S. market leader SCI.
OPPORTUNITIES TO INNOVATE
Critical to our success is our ability to evolve and innovate our product offerings — and that comes only through a deep understanding of consumer needs.
We’ve taken a number of actions this year to ensure that we continue our long history of innovation to sustain our market- leading positions and deliver on unmet needs.
Artificial Intelligence (AI) continues to transform business — for Assurant that means enabling greater efficiencies while enhancing the customer experience. This year we accelerated our focus on AI and robotics — both through early stage investments in emerging technologies and initiatives within our lines of business — such as renters and mobile.
We’ve made additional progress transforming our lender- placed insurance platform, where in 2017 we piloted our first client on our single operating platform (SSP) which will deliver a more seamless customer experience, while also driving operating efficiencies.
OPPORTUNITIES TO LEAD
Being able to attract, develop and retain the best talent — particularly talent that complements our capabilities — is paramount. In October, we welcomed Carey Roberts as our new chief legal officer and corporate secretary, succeeding Bart Schwartz who has retired. Carey joined us from Marsh & McLennan Companies, where she was deputy general counsel, chief compliance officer and corporate secretary. Carey leads our global law department, including compliance, government
Critical to our success is our ability to evolve and innovate our product offerings — and that comes only through a deep understanding of consumer needs.
relations and internal audit, and advises our Board of Directors on corporate governance.
In addition, we also announced the appointments of Harriet Edelman, vice chairman of Emigrant Bank and Debra J. Perry, former senior managing director of global ratings and research at Moody’s Investor Service, to our Board of Directors. Harriet’s background in technology, operations and consumer businesses and Debra’s management expertise and financial acumen bring additional diversity of experience and perspective to our distinguished Board.
OPPORTUNITIES TO DELIVER
Through these efforts and the dedication of our 14,500 employees, we delivered on our financial commitments in 2017. We produced net operating income growth of 9 percent and drove 22 percent growth in operating earnings per diluted share, excluding catastrophe losses* — well ahead of our origi- nal expectations for this year. As planned, we completed our commitment to return of $1.5 billion of capital to shareholders throughout 2016 and 2017.
In 2017, our opportunities to serve, grow, innovate and lead have been robust. We used these opportunities to enable great moments of success and satisfaction for our customers, both clients and consumers. As we move forward, we will continue to, seek new opportunities to deliver for our share- holders, our employees, our clients and consumers, as we continue to build a stronger Assurant.
Sincerely,
Alan Colberg President and CEO
   2
Assurant, Inc.
*2017 net income was $519.6 million ($565.4M in 2016). Net operating income excluding reportable catastrophes was $412.5M ($379.3M in 2016) and represents a non-GAAP financial measure which excludes: $10.6M (($41.0M) in 2016) for Assurant Health runoff operations; $19.6M ($105.4M in 2016) for net realized gains (losses) on investments; $67.5M ($256.4M in 2016) for amortization of deferred gains and gains on disposal of businesses; $177.0M for impact of U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act; ($192.5M) (($102.4M) in 2016) for reportable catastrophes; ($8.1M) for expenses related to The Warranty Group acquisition; $27.1M for change in tax liabilities; and $5.9M (($25.8M) in 2016) for other adjustments. 2016 also included adjustments of $8.5M for Assurant Employee Benefits and ($15.0M) for loss on extinguishment of debt. Operating earnings per diluted shares represents net operating income per diluted share, excluding reportable catastrophes, and equals net operating income (as described above) divided by the weighted average number of diluted shares outstanding. 2017 net income per diluted share was $9.39 ($9.13 in 2016).
