A Message to our Shareholders

Assurant's specialty strategy reflects our long-term commitment to deliver value for our shareholders. Serving our customers well is core to our success.
Robert B. Pollock
President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant During 2011, we broadened our product portfolio and improved our operations to better meet the needs of our customers. Several broad social and economic trends are complementary to our strategy and offer opportunities to further profitable growth. Our actions in these areas of emphasis in 2011 included:
z

deployed our capital in a disciplined fashion, returning more than $600 million to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends while also investing in new opportunities that we expect to drive profitable growth, most notably the acquisition in 2011 of new capabilities in Assurant Specialty Property. Our investment portfolio performed well in 2011 despite the challenging global economy. While portfolio yields continue to decline due to low new money rates, our stable liability structure and conservative investment approach should allow us to maintain yield from current investments for as long as possible.

Expanding wireless offerings as the importance of mobile devices to consumers grows; Increasing our rental insurance capabilities and offerings; Introducing new products to make health insurance more accessible and affordable for consumers; and Growing our array of voluntary, employee-funded benefit products.

z

z

z

We will build on our progress in 2012. Assurant's net earned premiums, fees and other income were $7.5 billion for the year, down from $7.8 billion in 2010. Net operating income(1) and operating return on average equity, excluding AOCI(2), declined primarily due to significant increases in storm activity compared with 2010. Our book value per diluted share, excluding AOCI(3), was up year-over-year by 14 percent. We ended 2011 with approximately $760 million in corporate capital, including a $250 million buffer against unexpected risks. Our strong capital position, excellence in risk management and ability to generate free cash flow added to our already strong financial foundation. We

2011 RESULTS FROM OPERATIONS
Assurant Solutions
Earnings at Assurant Solutions improved year-over-year by 7 percent, excluding unusual items. This growth reflects improved underwriting results, both domestically and internationally, as well as a drop in the effective tax rate. In 2011, we renewed a number of domestic service contracts, expanded our international presence, particularly in Latin America, and increased preneed insurance sales.

ASSURANT - 2011 Annual Report

1

The major priorities for Assurant Solutions in 2012 are to continue to grow the wireless business, improve international performance and drive down expenses in product lines that are no longer growing.

Assurant Employee Benefits
Results at Assurant Employee Benefits were down in 2011, reflecting the impact of tough economic times. The strategic focus on distribution through key brokers and an expanded product portfolio continued to improve sales of our voluntary products. The major priority for Assurant Employee Benefits in 2012 is to grow premiums from voluntary and supplemental products as we continue to adapt our product portfolio to better meet the needs of small businesses.

Assurant Specialty Property
Assurant Specialty Property's results reflect our riskmanagement expertise and continued ability to win new client accounts due to our superior tracking capabilities. We take pride in our response to several catastrophic storms in 2011. We responded quickly after each storm and paid $185 million to more than 20,000 customers to help them rebuild and recover during their times of need. In 2011, we also acquired SureDeposit, the market leader in security deposit alternatives, which expanded our offerings in the multi-family housing market. As the rental market grows, we are optimistic about the long-term opportunities. In 2012, the priorities for Assurant Specialty Property are to achieve double-digit growth in our multi-family housing product offerings and continue to improve operational efficiency. These actions will help offset modest declines expected in lender-placed insurance premiums.

2012 PRIORITY: PROFITABLE GROWTH
Enhancing profitable growth is a top priority again in 2012. Through disciplined action, we will continue to improve our operations, adapt to market forces and embrace innovative approaches that benefit our customers. We also expect to deploy capital through continued share repurchases, shareholder dividends and selective investments in growth at attractive returns. Our values of common sense, common decency, uncommon thinking and uncommon results are the foundation of our decision-making and actions each day. We expect high levels of integrity and responsiveness at all times whether through our customer service, specialty products or community outreach. Each day our 14,000 Assurant employees worldwide provide superior service to our customers and do their part to create long-term value for our shareholders. Every day, I am proud to work with my colleagues and be a part of the Assurant team. Sincerely,

Assurant Health
Assurant Health made great progress during 2011 by implementing its transformational strategy and adapting in the individual and small group medical insurance markets. During 2011, we significantly reduced operating costs as we streamlined our structure and processes. We are encouraged by consumer response to our new product offerings that emphasize affordability and access to medical care. In 2012, we expect further improvement in our sales of our affordable choice and supplemental products, as well as major medical as we implement a new provider network contract with Aetna Signature Administrators®. Ongoing attention to expense management and adapting to the still-evolving health care landscape are priorities for the year ahead.

Robert B. Pollock President and Chief Executive Officer

2

ASSURANT - 2011 Annual Report

