To Our Shareholders:

In 2010, Assurant delivered solid results. We again affirmed the adaptability of our strategy to ongoing economic challenges and regulatory changes in the specialty markets we serve.

Robert B. POLLOCK
President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant

Assurant's net earned premiums were $7.4 billion for the year, and our operating return on average equity 1 was 12.1 percent. We increased net operating income 2 20 percent to $560.1 million. Net income for the year decreased to $279.2 million, due to the impairment of goodwill that originated from acquisitions completed many years ago. Our diluted book value per share, excluding AOCI3, was up year-over-year by 6 percent. The Assurant investment portfolio remains solid and we are optimistic about each of our businesses as we enter 2011. Throughout 2010, we continued to exercise discipline in our deployment of capital. We returned more than $600 million to shareholders in repurchases and dividends. Our share repurchases represented 13 percent of the shares outstanding at year-end 2009. We also increased our dividend for the seventh consecutive year. These actions underscore the ability of the Assurant specialty platform to generate free cash flow. We ended the year with $880 million in corporate capital, an increase of nearly 24 percent from the previous year. Our capital deployment strategy provides financial

flexibility guided by three principles: safeguarding the balance sheet against risk, finding opportunities to grow through acquisition, and returning value to our shareholders. During 2010, we streamlined operations to improve the customer experience while reducing costs. We also developed new revenue opportunities through a broader set of products and services that we can build on in 2011 and beyond.

2010 RESULTS FROM OPERATIONS
Assurant Solutions
Assurant Solutions focused on developing new client relationships and distribution channels in 2010. Net operating income for the year was $103.2 million and net earned premiums were $2.48 billion. We were especially pleased with the full-year improvement in our international operating results. Domestic revenues were down due to the impact of reduced levels of consumer spending. Our preneed

ASSURANT - 2010 Annual Report

1

insurance business continued to deliver strong results with double-digit increases in new sales and an improvement in operating results. We added clients with products that support wireless and handheld devices. This reaffirms our belief that growth in the wireless market will continue to outpace the general economy. We continued to diversify our U.S. client base by growing the original equipment manufacturer (OEM) channel. Internationally, growth is strong in Latin America, and more challenging in Europe. Looking ahead, the priorities for Assurant Solutions are to invest in new business opportunities while closely managing expenses.

Looking ahead, we will continue to adapt our strategy as we more fully understand how consumers, providers and distributors adjust to the new healthcare landscape. 2011 will be a transition year at Assurant Health and we remain optimistic about our future as we adapt to the changing needs of our customers.

Assurant Employee Benefits
Improved results for Assurant Employee Benefits in 2010 were driven by favorable claims experience and strong expense management throughout the year. Net operating income for the year was $63.5 million and net earned premiums were $1.10 billion. Revenue growth will continue to challenge the Assurant Employee Benefits team until U.S. employment levels improve and small business payrolls expand. In the meantime, niche offerings such as worksite and voluntary products and our reinsurance capabilities will enhance our long-term competitive position while benefiting small businesses and their employees.

Assurant Specialty Property
The loan-tracking technology and risk-management expertise of Assurant Specialty Property combine to deliver superior service to our clients and strong results for our shareholders. Net operating income for the year was $424.3 million and net earned premiums were $1.95 billion. Catastrophic activity was minimal again in 2010, improving full-year results. Assurant Specialty Property implemented process improvements to control expenses while adding new clients for lender-placed homeowners' coverage. We continue to believe that revenue growth will be challenged over time as the overall mortgage loan inventory declines and placement rates return to more historical levels. Our alignment with leading mortgage servicers, along with sales growth of other products such as renters and flood insurance, will temper these trends.

PRIORITIES FOR 2011
For 2011, our priorities are clear: focus on growth by creating new revenue streams, find additional operating efficiencies, develop enhanced capabilities valued by our customers, leverage our risk-management expertise in all we do, and continue to effectively manage our capital to create value for our shareholders. I am confident we will be successful because of our employees. They are a very committed group, united by our shared values of common sense, common decency, uncommon thinking and uncommon results. Their expertise and excellence combine to generate superior service for our customers and long-term value for our shareholders.

Assurant Health
In 2010, Assurant Health delivered solid results while transforming to operate in an environment of new regulations and changing market dynamics. Net operating income for the year was $54.0 million and net earned premiums were $1.86 billion. Plan design changes, substantial cost reductions and pricing actions improved Assurant Health's year-over-year financial performance.

Sincerely,

ROBERT B. POLLOCK President and Chief Executive Officer

2

ASSURANT - 2010 Annual Report

