to our shareholders:

Without question, 2008 presented the most challenging economic environment we've experienced in more than a generation. It's understandable that investors, partners, customers and employees would be more cautious as a result -- and looking for reasons to believe that the future could be brighter. While we can't wash away or reverse the events of the past year, we believe there are many reasons to be optimistic -- eight reasons, to be exact -- why Assurant should be strongly considered as both an attractive longterm value investment opportunity and a reliable business partner.
An Enduring Business Model Like a world-class marathoner, Assurant's business is built for the long run. Our model is designed around several key attributes that enable the company to perform, adapt and lead throughout the cyclical turns of the economy. As 2008 proved once again, a strong financial foundation is essential for stability and long-term growth -- and numerous empirical measures from the past year demonstrate that Assurant is fundamentally sound. Despite the challenging environment, net earned premiums were $7.93 billion, up 7%, and we generated $637.4 million, or $5.36 per diluted share, in net operating income. Operating return on equity remained in the top quartile, and we maintained our low debt to capital ratio. Excess capital at year-end was $230 million. The strength of our balance sheet is the direct result of our disciplined capital management philosophy and ongoing, disciplined risk management across all of our businesses. In 2008, we maintained A- or better ratings on all our statutory entities from A.M. Best while our conservative investment philosophy is helping us navigate through these challenging economic times.

01 Strong Financial Foundation 02 Disciplined Risk Management 03 Diversified Specialty Strategy 04 Alignment with Market Leaders 05 Customer-centric Focus 06 Customized Administrative Capabilities 07 Leadership Culture 08 Long-term Value

2

$5.72 2007 17.8% 2007

2005

$3.75

2006

$4.68

2008

Operating Earnings Per Diluted Share

Financial Highlights
U.S. Dollars in Millions  2008 2007 2006 2005

Total Revenue Net Earned Premiums Net Investment Income Net Operating Income1 Shareholders' Equity2

$8,601 7,925 774 637 4,380

$8,454 7,408 799 694 4,035

$8,071 6,844 737 603 3,745

$7,498 6,521 687 513 3,480

$230
Million
2008 Year-End Excess Capital
15.1% 16.7% 15.1% 2008

1~Assurant uses net operating income (a non-GAAP financial measure) as an important measure of the company's operating performance. Net operating income equals net income excluding net realized gains (or losses) on investments and other non-recurring and/or infrequent items. 2~Excluding accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI).

2005

2006

Operating Return on Equity2

$5.36

Net Earned Premiums

$ 1.1
Billion
Assurant Employee Benefits

The Assurant Board of Directors

11%
Net Earned Premiums Up
Assurant Solutions

John Michael Palms, Ph.D., D.Sc. (Hon), LHD (Hon) ­ ­ 1990 Chairman of the Board, Assurant; Distinguished University Professor Emeritus and Distinguished President Emeritus, University of South Carolina Dr. Robert J. Blendon, Sc.D. ­ ­ 1993 Professor of Health Policy, Harvard University's School of Public Health; Professor of Political Analysis, Harvard University's Kennedy School of Government Beth L. Bronner ­ ­ 1994 Managing Director, Mistral Equity Partners Howard L. Carver ­ ­ 2002 Retired -- former Office Managing Partner, Ernst & Young LLP

Allen R. Freedman ­ ­ 1979 Owner and Principal, arfreedman&co; former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant David B. Kelso ­ ­ 2007 Financial Advisor, Kelso Advisory Services Charles John Koch ­ ­ 2005 Former Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Charter One Financial, Inc. H. Carroll Mackin ­ ­ 1996 Principal Owner, Great Northern Manufacturing, LLC; former Executive Vice President and Treasurer, Assurant Robert B. Pollock ­ ­ 2006 President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Elaine D. Rosen ­ ­ 2009 Chair of the Board, The Kresge Foundation; former President, UNUM Life Insurance Company of America

$1.95
Billion
Assurant Health

Net Earned Premiums

Juan N. Cento ­ ­ 2006 President, FedEx Express -- Latin American & Caribbean Division

At the same time, we believe a balanced product portfolio is just as important as a balanced financial portfolio. That's why Assurant has pursued and is continuing to advance our diversified specialty strategy. We focus on products and markets where we can deliver differentiated services and achieve a sustainable leadership position. In 2008, Assurant was able to maintain its leading market positions within our chosen specialty niches. One of the ways we do this is through alignment with market leaders in each business segment. By partnering with well-respected companies that have well-established distribution networks, Assurant is able to make its unique products and services available to the widest range of potential customers. Delivering Products Customers Need Truth be told, it doesn't matter if you have a wide portfolio of products if they aren't the products your customers want. We are committed to serving our clients and customers and our customer-centric focus is what enables us to develop practical products that are relevant to their needs and today's market conditions. A few examples include extended service contracts on major purchases to protect against costly repairs; creditor-placed homeowners insurance; individual medical insurance with greater coverage choices geared to individual customer needs; and group dental products that allow plan members to pool dental benefits within their immediate family and spend as they see fit. These products and services are delivered and actively managed through our customized administrative capabilities. Using proprietary tools and systems, we are able to provide the coverage options, clarity and responsiveness desired by both our distribution partners and their end customers. Inherent and Lasting Value Perhaps the least tangible -- yet immeasurably valuable -- asset Assurant has is the leadership culture that drives our business year over year. Our culture encourages a determined and resilient entrepreneurial spirit where our employees constantly strive for new ways to better serve our customers. They consistently create new solutions that make our company easier to do business with each day. Through their collective will, our employees leverage Assurant's unique strengths to build lasting relationships with our customers and long-term value for our shareholders. Since year-end 2004, Assurant has achieved steady and considerable growth as a public company. We have increased net operating income by more than 80%, doubled our dividends and increased our operating return on equity by more than 400 basis points. We've joined the S&P 500 and broadened our shareholder base. Despite a challenging economic landscape, the same underlying strengths that made Assurant a great company when we went public in 2004 remain true at the beginning of 2009. A look at the individual businesses reveals the substantial progress we made in pursuit of our goals during 2008.

5

Assurant Employee Benefits Assurant Employee Benefits continued its focus on the small-employer segment of the employee benefits market in 2008. Although revenues and net operating income were down for the year, loss ratio results continue to be excellent, and the business's products and services are in step with market needs. As the benefits marketplace shifts toward more voluntary options, Assurant Employee Benefits is well positioned to capitalize on these emerging dynamics by offering more targeted and customizable choices to small businesses than non-specialized insurance carriers can provide. Today, more than 80% of its customers are businesses with fewer than 500 employees. Assurant Employee Benefits also renewed its Dental PPO network access-sharing agreement with Aetna in 2008, providing our customers and plan members with access to over 90,000 referable dental locations in the United States. We believe these results are further evidence that Assurant Employee Benefits' small-employer strategy is taking hold and gaining momentum in the marketplace. Assurant Solutions Assurant Solutions, despite a very challenging macroeconomic environment during 2008, continued to make progress in positioning itself for long-term growth and improved profitability and remained focused on advancing in its three targeted growth areas -- extended service contracts, preneed, and international markets. Net earned premiums were $2.8 billion, up 11% over the prior year, due primarily to steady growth in domestic and international extended service contracts and strong face sales growth in our preneed business. To temper the effects of the consumer spending slowdown, Assurant Solutions is focused on finding opportunities to "play offense" -- by helping existing customers improve revenues, by finding new clients and by expanding distribution. We began a new partnership with Royal Bank of Canada, which should provide us an excellent opportunity in the international credit insurance space. We also completed two key acquisitions in the service contract space during the year: the GE Consumer and Industrial's Warranty Management Group, and Signal Holdings, LLC, both of which will enable Assurant Solutions to further strengthen its competitive position in the extended service contract marketplace. Consistent with our prudent approach to international growth and focus on profitability metrics, we made the difficult decision to close our Denmark operation. We believe this action will help improve our international combined ratios while allowing us to focus resources in our other developing markets. Assurant Specialty Property Assurant Specialty Property posted yet another exceptional year, and creditorplaced homeowners insurance continued to be the primary engine driving results. Net earned premiums totaled $2.05 billion, an increase of 22% over 2007, as average insured values and policy placement rates continued to rise. Net operating income rose 7% to $405.2 million despite $111.4 million in reportable catastrophe

6

Assurant Specialty Property
Net Earned Premiums Up

22%

losses during the year. Many of our clients' customers were greatly impacted by Hurricanes Ike and Gustav as well as other significant catastrophes during the year. We were very proud of the commitment shown by our rapid response teams in meeting the needs of claimants on-site with speed and compassion. As the mortgage market evolves, we continue to work with our mortgage lending and servicing clients to provide them with the levels of service they have come to expect from us. In addition, we continue to broaden our portfolio and expand our reach in logical adjacent markets where we can leverage our administrative expertise, such as renters and creditor-placed auto. Assurant Health Assurant Health continued to focus on its targeted growth area of individual medical and remained a profitable business in 2008. While net earned premiums and net operating income were down during the year, amid the challenging economic environment, we believe Assurant Health remains well positioned for long-term profitable growth in the individual medical market. Now more than ever, Assurant Health is well served by its long history and deep experience in this market, and we continue to introduce new products and services designed to meet the evolving needs of consumers in the new economic landscape. Products like Patient Care'sTM Individual AdvocateTM and TeledocTM will help customers take greater control of their healthcare decisions. We also signed a 10-year national distribution alliance with State Farm. Continuing a key competitive advantage, this agreement provides Health with a powerful network of outlets for our offering and extends our reach to customers across the United States. As the healthcare insurance market continues to evolve, Assurant will remain a leading and active player in finding solutions that can lead to accessible, affordable healthcare for all. 15,000 More Reasons I would like to close by thanking all of our stakeholders for their continued confidence through these uncertain economic times. In particular, I'd like to express my gratitude to the employees of Assurant around the world. You are the nearly 15,000 reasons why Assurant is strong today and remains well positioned for the future. Sincerely,

Robert B. Pollock President and Chief Executive Officer

7

