2004 ANNUAL REPORT

2004 ANNUAL REPORT

As we review our first year as a U.S. public company, we are pleased

To Our Shareholders

to note a common thread that runs through all of our accomplishments: the proven strength of our distinctive business model, as we continue to build shareholder value through our leading positions in specialty insurance businesses.

Significant Accomplishments in 2004
Building Successful Strategic Relationships is fundamental to our business model of leadership in our chosen markets -- and in 2004, our businesses successfully renewed existing relationships and formed important new ones. Of particular note, Assurant Health and State Farm Insurance renewed a national marketing alliance that makes Assurant Health's individual medical insurance products available through State Farm's 17,000 agents nationwide. This exclusive alliance, State Farm's first with a national health insurance provider, was originally formed in 2000, and the four-year renewal speaks to the success of the alliance. Leveraging Our Complex Administrative Skills to further accelerate the growth of our dynamic extended service contract and warranty business, Assurant Solutions has expanded into exclusive agreements with General Electric, and with Future Shop, a division of Best Buy, Canada, LTD. The agreement with GE covers all extended service contracts issued directly by GE Consumer Products and their clients. Under the new agreement with Future Shop, Assurant Solutions will be both the administrator and insurer for extended service for Canada's largest consumer electronics retailer. Excelling in Risk Management, one of our core capabilities, continues to have a favorable impact on our ability to achieve superior results, and in 2004, there were several areas where this competitive advantage was particularly evident. An example of our risk management capability was the mitigation, through Assurant Solutions' highly efficient reinsurance program, of the

catastrophe losses caused by the four hurricanes in the third quarter. Catastrophe claim activity for the year totaled $127 million, and reinsurance recoveries were $34 million, reducing our total net exposure to $93 million pre-tax, about $61 million after tax. Absent the catastrophes, Assurant Solutions' specialty property business had excellent loss experience, in part because of a decision to build our internal claims department and become less reliant on independent claims adjusters. This decision resulted in decreased claims costs and increased customer satisfaction, as we were able to settle claims more quickly. Other notable examples of excellence in risk management this year include Assurant Health's pricing discipline, which drove the combined ratio down to a new low of 92.4%, and Assurant Employee Benefits' ability to maintain a favorable loss ratio in a highly competitive market. Showing Strong Financial Results in a year of unprecedented catastrophic losses is quite an accomplishment, and I am pleased to report that net operating income for the year increased from $329 million in 2003 to $345 million in 2004, $2.44 per pro forma share. This is an increase of 5%, despite a reduction of $0.43 per pro forma share resulting from total net catastrophe losses. Net earned premiums grew 5% to $6.48 billion for the year, driven primarily by premium growth in Assurant Health and Assurant Solutions. The pro forma return on average equity was 10.9% for the year and pro forma book value per share grew 10%.

Confirming Our Commitment to Focused Capital Management, our actions over the past year make our priorities clear. Our balance sheet is strong: we have a low debt-to-total-capital ratio of about 23%. Our first priority when it comes to re-deploying capital is to reinvest in our businesses to finance their growth. Our second priority is to make prudent and opportunistic add-on acquisitions to further build each of our specialty insurance businesses. If we are unable to deploy capital in these ways, we return capital to our shareholders through share buybacks and/or dividends. Given that most of this year's growth came from less capital-intensive businesses, our Board authorized a share repurchase program, and we bought back 2.4 million shares for $63 million. We also paid quarterly cash dividends of $0.07 per share. Going forward, we will continue to look for ways to build each of our specialty businesses, and with the greater flow of M&A activity, we're optimistic about the possibility of an acquisition that will create value for our shareholders. Completing Recapitalization and Becoming Independent from Fortis through our secondary stock offering was a milestone for Assurant. After 25 years together, we wish our former parent company well and thank them for our rich, shared history. We continue on our journey with the freedom to set our own priorities, make our own growth investment decisions, and directly access the capital markets. We have an independent Board of Directors, with six out of ten Directors being independent, and we will be adding additional independent directors to bring the Board to a total of 12.

2004 was a landmark year for Assurant. Our Initial Public Offering in February was a success by every measure: we took 65% of the company public in the first billion-dollar IPO of the year, priced at the top of our pricing range, and were heavily oversubscribed. This historic event in our

Revenues
6,532 7,066 7,403

corporate life was followed just seven months later by the worst hurricane season in memory and unprecedented catastrophic losses that totaled $61 million net of tax and reinsurance recoveries. Yet we not only weathered these dramatic events, but ended the year with overall strong financial performance, paving the way for our highly successful Secondary Offering of 27.2 million shares of common stock on January 20, 2005, effectively completing our separation from Fortis, our longtime parent company. As we report on our 2004 results to you, our shareholders, we believe that these events demonstrate the strategic balance of our diversified specialty insurance approach -- and the strength of the three core capabilities on which our leadership positions are built. We are confident that these key capabilities -- highly disciplined risk management, strategic distribution relationships with market leaders and complex administration and systems skills -- have been essential contributors to our accomplishments in our first year as a public company.

6,212

6,187

'00

(Dollars in Millions)

'01

'02

'03

'04

2

3

2004 ANNUAL REPORT

2004 ANNUAL REPORT

A Review of Our Businesses
Assurant Solutions, which provides specialty property and consumer protection products and services, was the business directly impacted by the catastrophic hurricane-related claims activity, reporting a 5% decrease in net operating income

Assurant Health, our leading individual medical insurance business, showed exceptionally strong performance for the year as net operating income grew 31% to $158 million from $121 million in 2003. These record-setting results were driven by two factors: a historically low combined ratio of 92.4% for the year, among the industry's lowest; and growth in individual medical premiums, accelerated by new sales tied to Health Savings Accounts (HSAs). Assurant Health's net earned premiums increased 11% for the year, to $2.23 billion. While medical cost inflation continues to be a growth driver in the health insurance market, Assurant Health is well-positioned to benefit from increased demand for individual and small group medical products. A longtime advocate of consumer choice in health insurance coverage and one of the first companies to offer Medical Savings Accounts (MSAs), Assurant Health was able to act quickly when Health Savings Accounts were signed into law under the Medicare Prescription and Modernization Act. We sold the first HSA on January 1, 2004, and HSA sales continued to grow through the year, representing 37% of new sales, an extraordinary success. To maintain our leadership, we made a significant investment in the development and introduction of our second-generation HSA product, with such features as debit card and online account access. In addition, we have established "asset management" and "administration" relationships with numerous partners, laying a solid groundwork for long-term persistency. We are optimistic about the future of HSAs and about our new initiative to further penetrate the direct to consumer market.

Assurant Employee Benefits, specializing in disability, group life, and dental insurance and employee-paid ("voluntary") products for small to mid-sized employers, reported net operating income consistent with last year's total of $62 million. Net earned premiums grew 2% for the year, to $1.28 billion, driven by improved sales in both life and disability insurance. Sales of voluntary programs also experienced strong growth, as increased medical insurance costs cause employers to opt for employee-paid programs. Assurant Employee Benefits is a leader in the voluntary dental insurance market and has already put in place the sophisticated administrative capabilities required to successfully capitalize on this expanding market. Assurant Employee Benefits will clearly benefit from an improving employment picture, as new hires within existing groups grow our premium base. It is worth noting that the long-standing cornerstone of our claims operations -- a "return to work" orientation that emphasizes returning valuable employees to their jobs -- continues to have a positive impact, both on our beneficiaries and on our loss ratio. This year we saw improvement in our disability loss ratios, caused both by fewer new claims and strong recoveries from our return to work program.

Year Ending December 31, 2004 Net Operating Income1 Assurant Health: $158.3MM Assurant Solutions: $126.2MM Assurant Employee Benefits: $62.2MM Assurant Preneed: $34.2MM
uses net operating income as an important measure of the company's operating performance. Net operating income equals net income, before the after-tax effect of net realized gains (losses) on investments and the after-tax effect of other unusual and/or infrequent items. The able measure of the performance of the company's ongoing business, company believes net operating income provides investors with a valu1

42%

Assets
24,393 24,827 22,634 24,060 24,504

to $126 million for the year. Our net earned premiums for the year grew 4%, to $2.45 billion from $2.36 billion in 2003. Both of our business segments -- specialty property solutions and consumer protection solutions -- grew. Fee income for the year was up by 5% to $136 million, driven by the momentum in our extended service contracts business. Our fundamentally different approach -- an integrated model that includes both administrative servicing and underwriting -- is proving to be very successful with retailers and manufacturers who prefer to concentrate on their own areas of

9% 16%

33%

Segment income after tax excluding corporate and other. Assurant

because it excludes both the effect of realized gains (losses) on investments that tend to be highly variable from period to period, and those events that are unusual and/or unlikely to recur.

Assurant Preneed, which provides insurance products that help individuals arrange and pre-fund their funeral plans, saw net operating income decrease by 6%, to $34 million for the year. This business is most impacted by continued low interest rates. To counteract low interest rates, we continue to focus on expense control and managing policy crediting rates. A positive trend has been the strong growth of sales in Canada, where the preneed market is 8-9 years behind the mature U.S. market. Doubledigit sales growth in Canada has helped to offset the slow growth domestically. Assurant Preneed continues to be #1 in its market, and is poised to benefit from increased interest rates, continued growth in Canada, and demographic trends such as the aging of the baby boomer generation.

'00

(Dollars in Millions)

'01

'02

'03

'04

expertise and entrust the insurance and service administration to us. Our ongoing and expanded relationship with GE and our new full-service contract with Best Buy Canada's Future Shop division demonstrate the success of our model. This model is also highly scalable, and we expect to pursue other opportunities in the international market, utilizing our databases, actuarial strength, and service expertise. Overall, Assurant Solutions is poised to benefit from improvements in the economy, including increases in consumer spending and retail sales.

4

5

2004 ANNUAL REPORT

Pursuing Our Proven Strategy
As we enter our second year as a public company, we feel very good about the opportunities ahead. We have a strong and well-capitalized balance sheet, an experienced management team, and the independence to focus on our own priorities. And we have the advantage of our proven business strategy and the ability to deliver consistent returns in varying economic cycles, the result of our diverse specialty businesses. We'll look to leverage our unique set of capabilities -- both externally and internally. Externally, we'll use our risk management expertise and our skills in complex administration and customized technologies to deliver unique value to clients, strengthening our existing relationships and attracting new ones. Already, our businesses have taken advantage of new opportunities to grow our international operations, particularly in the U.K. and Canada, and we have high expectations for further expansion in Europe and Latin America. And we will carefully consider acquisitions that will build our existing businesses. Internally, we'll look for ways to apply our institutional knowledge and the proprietary technologies and software systems we've developed to create new opportunities across our businesses. We'll seek new ways to share our resources and processes on the operational level, further enhancing our operational efficiency.

We are committed to strong corporate governance, an extension of our company's longheld values, and these values will continue into the future. We have invested a great deal of time and money in compliance with the SarbanesOxley Act, and we believe we will be prepared for our year-end 2005 compliance deadline. In closing, I offer my heartfelt thanks and appreciation to the more than 12,000 employees of Assurant. They are the people who deliver on our key capabilities with their skills, creativity, intelligence and experience. To them goes the credit for our accomplishments over the past year. We are proud to share these accomplishments with you, our shareholders. We thank you for your support. It was a most exciting year!

Sincerely,

J. Kerry Clayton President and Chief Executive Officer Assurant

The Assurant Executive Management Committee (from left to right)

Alan W. Feagin, Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Preneed; Michael J. Peninger, Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Employee Benefits; J. Kerry Clayton, President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant; Philip Bruce Camacho, Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Solutions; Lesley Silvester, Executive Vice President, Assurant; Donald Hamm, Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Health; Robert B. Pollock, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Assurant

6

7

