A Message to Our Shareholders
  In 2012, our Assurant team accelerated action in key specialty areas critical to long-term, profitable growth. We did so while prudently managing our capital for shareholders and serving our customers with compassion and responsiveness.
Robert B. Pollock
President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant
Assurant’s net earned premiums, fees and other income were $7.7 billion in 2012, a two percent increase from the previous year. Net operating income(1) increased to $449.3 million despite significant catastrophe losses. Operating return on equity, excluding Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (AOCI)(2) was 10.4 percent. Our book value per diluted share, excluding AOCI(3), was up 13.8 percent year-over-year reflecting strong earnings and continued share repurchases.
Our strong capital position, risk management expertise and ability to generate free cash flow added to our solid financial foundation. We returned $472 million to shareholders through stock repurchases and common dividends. In fact, we have increased our dividend for nine consecutive years — every year since our initial public offering in 2004.
Overall, we made great progress in 2012. Looking ahead, we see many opportunities to grow profitability. In doing so, we will search for ways to compete differently – a cornerstone of our specialty strategy.
Consumer markets are changing quickly. Our profitable growth strategy outlines both opportunities we will consider as well as the ways we will approach new, attractive markets. Five trends are driving our actions and investments for the future:
• Dramatic expansion of mobile devices in everything the consumer does
• Shifts in consumer behavior toward rental versus ownership of housing in the United States
• Expectations of affordable access to health care insurance that can be customized to meet consumers’ needs
• Small businesses offering more voluntary benefits so that their employees can choose coverage best suited for their circumstances
• Growth beyond the U.S. in an emerging consumer middle- class, especially in Latin America.
We will build on our momentum of 2012 and strive to achieve steady improvements in all of our Assurant businesses in the year to come.
ADAPTING TO AN EVOLVING LANDSCAPE
During 2012, regulators and policymakers continued to evolve rules affecting the insurance and financial services
sectors. At both the state and federal levels, we expanded our outreach and engagement to help shape better outcomes for our customers and clients, as well as our company and shareholders.
Many aspects of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act are still being defined, even as the industry responds to shifting consumer needs and prepares for health insurance exchanges in January 2014. Several reforms have been enacted to improve the housing and mortgage markets in the U.S. We have taken the opportunity to refine and improve our processes and to offer new, more flexible products for the future. Economic pressures, especially in Europe, mandate operational rigor and restraint as markets find their footing and stabilize. All of these factors and more reinforce the importance of innovation and agility as we further reduce operating costs, realign resources and leverage shared efficiencies across the Assurant enterprise.
2012 RESULTS FROM OPERATIONS
Assurant Solutions
Achieving a 14 percent operating return on equity by 2014 is the focus at Assurant Solutions, where we took many steps in 2012 towards achievement of that goal. For the year, net operating income was down significantly due to the impairment of certain intangible assets and charges for workforce restructuring to address challenges primarily affecting our domestic credit and European operations.
Net earned premiums, fees and other income improved year-over-year in several areas targeted for growth. Our pre-funded funeral insurance business remains an important contributor to Assurant Solutions’ overall results with sizable increases both in fee income and sales. In 2012, service contract premiums in the U.S. improved as we benefited from the continuing rebound in the automotive sector. International credit and service contract premiums also increased during the year, predominantly in Latin America. We now service mobile customers in 16 countries, a reflection of our expanded capabilities, global footprint and phased rollout of our partnership with Telefónica.
By focusing on expense management and profitable growth,
both in the U.S. and internationally, we expect modest › earnings improvements in the year ahead and achievement
of our longer-term ROE target in 2014.
 ASSURANT - 2012 Annual Report 1
 
A Message to Our Shareholders
› Assurant Specialty Property
Revenue at Assurant Specialty Property increased in 2012, reflecting expanding lender-placed loan portfolios from new and existing clients, and growth in our multifamily housing offerings. Net operating income was up slightly for the year despite increased catastrophe losses, especially from Superstorm Sandy. This was the largest flood event our company ever experienced, and it reaffirmed the importance of the investments we have made to serve homeowners and clients when disaster strikes. Our employees deployed our robust tools, processes and training to quickly pay claims and bring relief to policyholders devastated by the monumental storm.
In 2012, our multifamily housing business achieved double- digit revenue growth. With the SureDeposit resident bond products now fully integrated in our Assurant Specialty Property multifamily product portfolio, we are creating new opportunities to cross-sell our products to our clients and, in turn, their residents.
While recovery in the housing market likely will lead to a reduction in the returns at Assurant Specialty Property in the future, our disciplined execution and unparalleled capabilities will continue to provide attractive long-term value for shareholders.
Assurant Health
Using its deep experience in the individual and small group medical insurance markets, Assurant Health continued its transformation by adapting to the changing U.S. health care landscape. A significant expansion of our provider network and tight management of expenses helped position the business for profitable growth. Results for 2012 also benefited from $13.8 million of additional investment income from a real estate joint venture partnership.
Our affordable choice and supplemental products helped Assurant Health serve a broader spectrum of individual and small group customers. In 2012, we increased the total number of insured lives by six percent — growth we expect will continue as more consumers seek out affordable access to healthcare.
While the rollout of additional elements of the Affordable Care Act will require further transformation that will reduce earnings, we continue to believe that the changing health insurance marketplace in the U.S. provides great opportunities for Assurant Health.
Assurant Employee Benefits
The strategic shift launched a few years ago to focus on employee-funded voluntary benefits delivered improved and encouraging results at Assurant Employee Benefits. With a diversified product suite, improved distribution and enhanced enrollment and administrative platforms for small business customers, voluntary offerings drove nearly half of sales and more than a third of premiums in 2012. Assurant Employee Benefits also now offers the largest dental PPO network in many markets thanks to the expansion of Dental Health Alliance and a new agreement in 2012.
The U.S. economy still presents challenges for many small businesses, tempering job expansion and enthusiasm for additional employer-paid benefits coverage. We also expect lower investment income and a planned reduction in the reserve discount rate for new, long-term disability claims to reduce earnings in the year ahead. These lingering macro- economic concerns reinforce the importance of ongoing operational excellence, outstanding service as well as disciplined management of both expenses and capital within Assurant Employee Benefits.
With a strong strategic focus on the small case voluntary market, we continue to believe Assurant Employee Benefits can provide attractive long-term returns.
OUR LEGACY, OUR VALUES
In 2012, Assurant also embraced our legacy as we celebrated 120 years in business. In spite of the many changes rapidly transforming the ways people live and work, we are steadfast in our commitment to help protect what matters most to consumers.
Each day, four enduring values guide our actions:
• We embrace Common Sense as we take a fact-based approach to deliver value to our customers. Our specialty products are designed to fulfill unmet needs and help safeguard against risks.
• We act with Common Decency, treating all of our constituents in ways we would like to be treated. Our responsiveness to customers, our daily operations, and our community stewardship reflect high levels of ethics and integrity.
• We encourage Uncommon Thinking. We cultivate a work environment that is open and allows good ideas to flourish. Transparency and candor run deep.
• Our Uncommon Results are expressed as the products we offer bring value to our customers and above average returns for our shareholders.
I am proud and grateful for the commitment of our employees worldwide who are doing their part – every day – to serve our customers and help create long-term value for our shareholders.
Thanks for your investment in Assurant. Sincerely,
Robert B. Pollock
President and Chief Executive Officer
     2 ASSURANT - 2012 Annual Report
