Dear Shareholders:
We are pleased with GenCorp's 2007 operational and financial performance and are optimistic about our future prospects given how the Company is positioned today. Our strong 2007 results are gratifying and serve as evidence that the strategy we embarked on several years ago, specifically, to focus on Aerojet growth and on the long-term value of our excess real estate, is succeeding. In order to implement this strategy, we divested our non-core automotive and chemical businesses, completed acquisitions in aerospace and defense, dealt with significant legacy liabilities and addressed our capital structure. In 2007, sales grew year-over-year by 20% to $745 million, primarily driven by improved performance at Aerojet. Our earnings also improved year-over-year and the Company achieved positive cash flow. In June, we significantly improved our capital structure by replacing our senior credit facility with one that resulted in lower interest terms, fewer restrictive covenants and an increased letter of credit facility. The refinancing helped insulate the Company from effects of the tumultuous credit markets in the later half of 2007 and early 2008. Our real estate team continued to make progress toward entitlement of approximately 6,400 acres of our excess Sacramento land, and we expect to receive approvals for two of our projects, Glenborough and Rio del Oro, representing approximately 4,100 acres, in 2008. We remain confident that entitlement of our excess real estate will result in an increase in long-term shareholder value. During the year, we instituted a number of corporate governance best practices designed to enhance our accountability to you, our valued shareholders. We were also recognized for our employees' and the Company's contributions of time, talent and funds to a variety of non-profit and community service programs.

Our strong 2007 results are gratifying and serve as evidence that the strategy we embarked on several years ago is succeeding.

Aerojet ­ Improved Performance
In 2007, we realized the benefits of our multi-year strategy to grow Aerojet by acquiring, developing and leveraging propulsion technology with specific emphasis on tactical missiles, maneuvering systems for missile defense and

Aerojet achieved 20% organic sales growth over 2006, positive cash flow and a significant increase in earnings.

in-space propulsion. In 2007, Aerojet achieved 20% organic sales growth over 2006, positive cash flow and a significant increase in earnings. Further, as the only domestic supplier of all propulsion types ­ solid, liquid, air-breathing and electric ­ Aerojet continues in a unique position to support our nation's current and long-term defense and space propulsion needs. During the year, Aerojet's defense systems propulsion technologies continued to be prominent in ongoing tactical programs such as Tomahawk and Javelin, as well as in next-generation programs relying on hypersonic propulsion for reduced time-to-target. Aerojet propulsion also plays a

significant role in the boost, midcourse and terminal phases of missile defense. Aerojet was awarded new and follow-on contracts on a number of programs such as Standard Missile 3, Patriot Missile, Terminal High Altitude Air Defense System, Exoatmospheric Kill Vehicle Divert and Attitude Controls System, and F-22 Raptor. In 2007, Aerojet's space systems propulsion once again earned its long-standing reputation for excellence by achieving 100% success on numerous programs such as NASA's Themis, Dawn and Phoenix Mars Lander spacecraft missions, the Space Shuttle, Atlas and Delta. In addition, Aerojet won important new space contracts including a U.S. Air Force hydrocarbon booster engine technology demonstrator that positions Aerojet to participate in the next-generation liquid propulsion powered launch vehicle. Aerojet also expanded its role on the Orion capsule and its launch vehicle, Ares I, scheduled to replace the Space Shuttle.

Real Estate ­ Focused on Future Opportunity
During the year, we made progress toward our strategy of optimizing the value of approximately 6,400 acres ­ 10 square miles ­ of excess Sacramento land which is no longer required to conduct Aerojet's business. Fundamental to our ability to achieve this strategy is the release of clean lands from state and federal environmental restrictions. In 2002, we succeeded in getting approximately 2,600 acres released from Superfund designation, and we anticipate that an additional 2,200 acres will be released from state environmental restrictions in 2008. Despite current market conditions, we believe the long-term prospects for Sacramento real estate remain attractive due to the region's projected population and employment growth. We are engaged in an entitlement effort for a master-planned community under the brand name Easton, which will be comprised of approximately 6,400 acres of our excess Sacramento land. The Easton master plan reflects a diversified range of transit-oriented and pedestrian-friendly residential, commercial, educational and recreational uses. Easton is located in an important growth corridor, in a desirable in-fill location surrounded by existing residences and businesses. Comprised of four distinct boroughs, Easton is subject to the authority of three jurisdictions, specifically, the cities of Rancho Cordova and Folsom, and the County of Sacramento. In addition, certain approvals are required by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. In total, for each of our projects we are working with more than 40 federal, state and local agencies and departments. We are pursuing this long, arduous and complex real estate entitlement effort because we believe doing so will enhance both shareholder and property value. Once entitled ­ and dependant upon market conditions ­ we will evaluate the best strategy to achieve the highest return for our excess land. Our options include sales or joint ventures with developers or other third parties.

We believe the long-term prospects for Sacramento real estate remain attractive due to the region's projected population and employment growth.

Governance ­ Implemented Best Practices
We are committed to corporate governance excellence, board of directors' accountability to shareholders and enhanced transparency. To this end, in 2007, we instituted several important changes including the separation of the chairman and chief executive roles; the elimination of the Company's shareholder rights plan; and the declassification of the Board, so that each Director now stands for election annually rather than every three years. The Board also adopted a majority vote policy for uncontested election of Directors, applicable as of our 2008 shareholders' meeting, and rendered inapplicable to GenCorp specific Ohio anti-takeover statutes that restricted a shareholder's ability to acquire shares in excess of certain thresholds without prior Board or shareholder approval.

Corporate Citizenship ­ Involved and Engaged
GenCorp believes in responsible corporate citizenship and giving back to our communities. In 2007, our employees donated thousands of hours of their personal time to charitable causes, and the GenCorp Foundation generously supported non-profit organizations, primarily those focused on science, technology, engineering and math education. In recognition of this civic involvement and level of employee volunteerism, Aerojet and the GenCorp Foundation received the Sacramento 2007 Sustained Community Achievement Award.

GenCorp believes in responsible corporate citizenship and giving back to our communities.

2008 and Beyond ­ Committed to Continued Improvement
We believe the Company is well-positioned to prosper. We will strive to further improve earnings, cash flow and our balance sheet. Also, we will continue to implement our strategy of growing and strengthening Aerojet and working toward the entitlement of our excess land while evaluating options to achieve the greatest value from our real estate. Thank you to our employees, management team and fellow Board members for their hard work and dedication in helping us achieve the Company's goals. Sincerely,

Timothy A. Wicks Chairman of the Board

Terry L. Hall President and Chief Executive Officer

