Dear Shareholders:
The Company has two strategic objectives that are essential to building and recognizing the long- term value of your investment in GenCorp. The first is to strengthen the Aerojet business so that it remains a competitive supplier and an increasingly indispensable resource, protecting our nation and maintaining the country’s leading position in the exploration of space. The second is to unlock the substantial unrealized value of the Company’s real estate assets not required to support the Aerojet business. We made favorable progress during the past year on both of these objectives. Aerojet improved its operational and financial performance in 2006 and leveraged its leading technology, customer relationships and market position to win significant new contracts. Our real estate group also forged ahead in the lengthy process to re-zone 6,400 acres of our Sacramento property for future residential, commercial and retail use. There is hard work still ahead and much more to be accomplished, but we are encouraged with our progress.
Aerojet – Strategically Positioned in a Consolidated Industry
Aerojet had a solid year, marked by significant contract wins and a measurable improvement in both cash flow and earnings.
 Over the past five years we have solidified Aerojet’s position
in the U.S. propulsion market by focusing our internal
investments and acquisition efforts on those areas where
we believe our customers will continue to increase their
funding. With the successful acquisition and integration of
General Dynamics’ Space Systems and Atlantic Research
Corporation’s propulsion business, Aerojet is now a market
leader in tactical missile propulsion, maneuvering systems for defensive missiles, and in-space propulsion. Aerojet is also poised to play a major role in the development of next-generation space propulsion technology, and is the only company with a leadership position in both solid and liquid propulsion. This diversity provides the foundation for future growth and helps to reduce the risk of potential shifts in budgetary and political priorities.
Aerojet’s role as a supplier to NASA’s manned and unmanned space programs for exploration, communications, intelligence and defense was significantly enhanced during 2006 with the award of several important contracts. The most notable contract win resulted from NASA’s selection of Aerojet teammate Lockheed Martin to develop and produce the new Orion spacecraft, the vehicle that will replace NASA’s Space Shuttle. Aerojet will provide virtually all of the propulsion for Orion, including main engines, maneuvering engines and retro rockets. Aerojet, as part of the RocketPlane Kistler team, was also chosen to provide main engine propulsion and other system elements for NASA’s new Commercial Orbital Transport System, the launch vehicle that will be competing to re-supply the International Space Station once the Space Shuttle is retired. As a result of these awards, starting in 2007 Aerojet should see a significant increase in its revenues derived from the U.S. space program.
Over the past five years we have solidified Aerojet’s position in the U.S. propulsion market by focusing our internal investments and acquisition efforts on those areas where we believe our customers will continue
to increase their funding.
 
We believe that no other propulsion company is as well-positioned as Aerojet to support evolving government priorities. For example, the Department of Defense is placing increasing importance on precision weapons for both offensive and defensive applications and on missile defense. Aerojet has a solid base of ongoing production programs such as Tomahawk and Javelin, as well as a prominent role in next-generation weapons such as the Guided Multiple Launch Rocket System,
 We believe that no other propulsion company is as well-positioned as Aerojet to support evolving government priorities.
Joint Common Missile and others requiring innovative advanced technology solutions. Aerojet propulsion is also well-positioned to support all phases – boost, midcourse and terminal – of both existing and emerging missile defense programs such as Patriot, Standard Missile and THAAD.
During the year Aerojet also strengthened its position in the military propulsion market with the award of a nine-year contract by the Air Force Research Laboratory at Edwards Air Force Base to develop and demonstrate hydrocarbon technologies for the next generation of large liquid booster engines. The program will start in 2007.
Real Estate – Progress Continues Toward Long-Term Value Creation
The Company owns approximately 12,600 acres located along a key growth corridor in suburban Sacramento, California. Our strategy is to unlock the long-term value of the land by re-zoning and entitling that portion which is not required for Aerojet operations. We began in 2002 and now have in process re-zoning and entitlement efforts to create a unique master-planned community called Easton, which will comprise approximately 6,400 acres – an area equivalent to 10 square miles. On December 8, 2006 we achieved an important milestone with the publication by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and by the City of Rancho Cordova of the draft Environmental Impact Statement and the draft Environmental Impact Report, respectively, on Rio del Oro, the first 2,716 acres of the
 While the timing of the real estate market recovery
is uncertain, we remain confident in our strategy because the key drivers of real estate valuation – population and job growth – are predicted to remain strong in the Sacramento area.
Easton development. This is a significant accom- plishment given the demanding and complex nature of land use planning and environmental regulations in California. Absent any regulatory delays we expect to receive approval for Rio del Oro in 2007, followed by additional Easton approvals throughout 2008 and beyond.
In 2006 the California residential market declined dramatically. While the timing of the real estate market recovery is uncertain, we remain confident in our strategy because the key drivers of real estate valuation – population and job growth – are predicted to remain strong in the Sacramento area. In last year’s letter to shareholders, we indicated that in 2006 we would evaluate transaction options with established residential developers and home builders. These efforts were hampered by the real estate downturn but we expect to resume them once the market improves and we are further along with our governmental approvals.
 
Corporate Governance – A Leader in Best Practices
During 2006 the Company announced a number of board actions intended to strengthen corporate governance and enhance transparency. These actions included allowing the shareholders’ rights plan to expire without renewal; proposing for shareholder approval the declassification of the board so that commencing in 2007 each director would be elected for a one-year term; rendering inapplicable to the Company certain Ohio anti-takeover statutes; and, amending our corporate governance guidelines to adopt a majority vote standard applicable as of the Company’s 2008 shareholder meeting. In addition, in early 2007 the board approved the
 separation of the chief executive officer and chairman roles. GenCorp is committed to corporate governance excellence.
2007 and Beyond – A Positive Outlook
GenCorp is committed to corporate governance excellence.
As we focus on our two core businesses, we continue to address and resolve a significant number
of legacy liabilities. It has been a challenge for the Company to cover these largely uncontrollable cash requirements from Aerojet and real estate cash flow. Looking forward, Aerojet is well-positioned to enhance segment performance, grow its revenues and improve cash flow. The real estate team is making steady advancement toward the re-zoning and entitlement of 6,400 acres of land, and despite the cyclical nature of the real estate market we are confident that our strategy to unlock the value of the Company’s excess land will be successful. With the projected entitlements, expected improvements in operations and cash flow, along with the sizeable reductions in legacy liabilities, we anticipate continued strengthening of the Company’s financial position.
We welcome your feedback and thank you for your support. We would also like to recognize and thank our employees for their outstanding dedication and commitment to the success of the Company.
Sincerely,
Timothy A. Wicks Terry L. Hall
Chairman of the Board President and Chief Executive Officer
    