Our Vision

AK Steel is dedicated to safely producing the highest quality steel products for our customers, delivering them on-time and providing them with outstanding service. AK Steel is committed to being a responsible corporate citizen. It is our intention to operate ethically with all constituents, maintaining fair and honest relationships and to operate within both the letter and the spirit of the law. From the shop floors of all of our plants to the executive offices, AK Steel is devoted to achieving excellence in all we do on behalf of each stakeholder every day.

James L. Wainscott Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

producer of coated, exposed automotive products, high-temperature ferritic stainless steels and grain-oriented electrical steel products. In 2006, we are expanding our tubular and electrical steel production capabilities to take further advantage of growth opportunities in these markets. Improved Self-Sufficiency, Lower Costs As we carry out our long-term raw materials strategy, we remain keenly focused on improving our self-sufficiency and reducing costs. A new long-term supply agreement reached in 2005 will provide a significant portion of our annual iron ore requirements. In addition, we have multi-year agreements in place for coal and coke requirements. Our efforts have not been limited to external supply agreements. The 2005 installation and start-up of a new vacuum degasser at our Ashland Works not only eliminated the need to routinely purchase premium-priced degassed slabs, but also allowed us to more closely align production capabilities with customer requirements. Also at Ashland, a new briquetting process recycles and reclaims up to 250,000 tons per year of iron and carbon units. We continue to make progress on reducing our energy costs, including using less natural gas. By implementing several conservation and efficiency measures, we have reduced our natural gas consumption per ton by approximately 3 percent since 2003. Forging Competitive Labor Agreements Over the past two years, we have forged six new-era labor agreements at AK Steel locations. These new agreements are competitive and reflect the realities of today's steel industry with regard to total employment costs and job flexibility. Labor contracts at our two largest plants, Middletown and Butler, are being negotiated in 2006 and it is imperative that we complete competitive agreements at these locations as well. We made substantial

progress in 2005, but there is still much work to be done in the area of cost reduction, especially total employment costs. In that regard, 2006 is a defining year for AK Steel. Industry-Leading Metrics Cost pressures are re-shaping the steel industry and it is the high-quality, low-cost producers who will win. While we are sharply focused on improving our overall cost competitiveness, we will not compromise on the hallmarks of our business ­ safety, quality and productivity.
Industry­Leading Safety Performance
Total Recordable Incident Rate (OSHA 200 Log)
AISI AISI

Rising to Meet the Challenge For AK Steel, 2005 was a year of action and accomplishment. It was a year of substantial progress as we recognized and acknowledged the challenges facing our business and executed realistic action plans to achieve improvement. We made important progress in three key areas essential to sustaining profitability for the long-term: securing new agreements with contract customers, improving raw materials self-sufficiency and negotiating competitive labor agreements at many of our locations. Excellent performance on those things within our control, including safety, quality, productivity and controllable costs, helped offset a portion of the impact of items outside of our control. Strengthening Customer Relationships On the customer front, our goal is to serve customers better than any other steelmaker. We want to grow with those customers who value what we value, namely great quality products, on-time delivery and superior customer service at a fair price. During 2005, about 70 percent of our sales were to contract customers, most of which had one-year agreements. As we negotiated business for 2006, we accomplished two primary objectives ­ we increased revenue per ton and we improved our customer portfolio mix. We not only diversified our automotive customer base, but improved our position in other key markets as well. By anticipating and aligning our product mix with changing customer needs, we re-established solid niche positions in high value-added markets. Today, we are a leading

AK Steel AK Steel

4.88

5.04

5.43

0.51
2003

0.53
2004

0.36
2005

AK Steel vs AISI Reporting Steel Companies

AK Steel's 2005 total recordable injury rate was about 15 times better than the steel industry average.

Safety is our top priority, and in 2005 our total recordable injury rate was a mere 0.36 ­ about 15 times better than the steel industry average. Nearly all of our plants achieved record safety performances, including our Zanesville Works, which completed the entire year without one single recordable injury. Recognizing that a focus on quality and service leads to success with our customers, we are committed to producing and delivering high-quality steel products, on-time and with outstanding service and support. In 2005, we produced all-time best results against internal quality measurements and our customer claims were at their lowest level ever. We continued to receive awards and accolades from our customers, including dual

Start-up of a new vacuum degasser at Ashland Works eliminated AK Steel's need to purchase premium-priced degassed slabs.

awards in quality and delivery from Toyota Motor Manufacturing AK Steel has earned dual Quality and North America for the Delivery awards twelfth consecutive year. from Toyota for 12 Also, for the first time consecutive years. in our relationship, Toyota Motor Corporation presented us with its prestigious global Regional Contribution Award. During 2005, AK Steel was ranked number one in overall customer satisfaction for carbon, stainless and electrical steels according to an independent survey of AK Steel customers.
No. 1 in Customer Satisfaction (2005)
7.95 7.75 7.35

7.23

Carbon & Electrical Steel
AK Steel

Stainless Steel
Competition

AK Steel was rated first in Overall Customer Satisfaction in 2005, according to an independent survey of AK Steel customers by Jacobson & Associates.

To meet the growing needs of our customers, we consistently set new steel production and finishing records across the company. Thanks to the tremendous work of employees at all of our plants, we produced more carbon and specialty steel products and finished more steel than ever before in company history, enabling record shipments of 6.4 million tons in 2005. Improving the Bottom Line Excellent performance on those items within our control ­ safety, quality, productivity and controllable costs ­ led to solid financial results in 2005. For the year, we recorded adjusted income before income taxes of $171 million,

excluding special charges. This compared favorably with adjusted income before income taxes of $146 million in 2004. (Details on special charges can be found on the company's Web site at www.aksteel.com.) Fueled by record shipments and selling prices, we generated record revenues of $5,647 million. At the same time, we further reduced controllable costs by nearly $100 million. We began this cost initiative in the fall of 2003 and have achieved nearly $400 million in annual, sustainable cost reductions, which is approximately double the original targeted savings. Increased revenue and our success in reducing controllable costs helped to offset a portion of the record high raw material prices resulting in part from the devastation and supply disruptions caused by back-to-back hurricanes along the Gulf Coast. During 2005, we incurred nearly $400 million in higher steelmaking input costs as compared to the prior year. Consequently, adjusted operating profit for 2005 was $246 million, or $38 per ton, compared to 2004 adjusted operating profit of $251 million, or $40 per ton. Throughout 2005, we maintained a solid cash position and strengthened our balance sheet. We also made a $150 million voluntary pension trust contribution. We ended 2005 with $520 million in cash, an increase of $143 million from the end of 2004, and had an additional $510 million of liquidity available under our credit facilities. With a stronger balance sheet and improved cash position, we were able to invest nearly $175 million in capital projects to enhance our operations. One of the largest capital outlays in 2005 included the installation of a new emission control system for the Middletown Works blast furnace. This project was the first phase of a $65 million capital expenditure to install additional air emission controls at Middletown and achieve full compliance with the Maximum

Achievable Control Technology (MACT) standards of the federal Clean Air Act. The second phase of the project, installation of new emission controls on the basic oxygen furnaces, is on track for completion in May of 2006. A Solid Foundation, Stronger Future Having served as AK Steel's president and chief executive officer since October 2003, it was an honor to be named chairman of the board of directors effective January 1, 2006. I want to express my heartfelt thanks to Bob Jenkins, our former chairman and new lead director, for his support and tremendous leadership since the fall of 2003. Bob stepped into the chairman's role during a critical time in our company's history. He capably steered the Board through numerous challenges and helped guide AK Steel back to profitability. For that, we will always be grateful. We also extend special thanks and best wishes to Donald Fites, who is retiring from our Board after six years of dedicated Donald Fites service. And, I extend our is retiring from sincere appreciation to AK Steel's Board after six years the other members of our of service. board of directors, including Richard Abdoo, Dr. Bonnie Hill, Lawrence Leser, Daniel Meyer, Shirley Peterson and Dr. James Thomson. In closing, I firmly believe that AK Steel is a great company on its way to becoming greater. Our performance in 2005 demonstrates an unwavering resolve to return to and sustain a level of profitability that will benefit all of our stakeholders. By working together, the men and women of AK Steel have built a solid foundation for a stronger future. We are rising to meet the challenge.

James L. Wainscott Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

