A Defining Year

For AK Steel, 2006 was a defining year. It was a year in which we had to significantly improve our competitiveness. And, that's exactly what we did. Through the excellent strategic planning of our management team that began three years ago, and the precise execution of our plan by employees, 2006 was the year in which AK Steel's solid foundation emerged. We made substantial progress in 2006 to return AK Steel, one of America's premier steel companies, to long-term, sustained profitability.

best-ever performance with an industryleading total recordable injury frequency rate of a mere 0.36. That's about 10 times better than the steel industry average. Nearly every plant turned in record safety
James L. Wainscott Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

a crowning achievement. Winning both during the same year is historic. Serving our valued customers is the focus of our business. During 2006, we received some special recognition from a key customer in the automotive sector. We were honored to be the only steel supplier worldwide to receive Ford Motor Company's Gold World Excellence Award. In addition, we are very pleased that customers overall rated AK Steel first among our competitors in quality performance, according to an independent survey by Jacobson & Associates.

results, with our Rockport Works employees working without a recordable injury for the entire year. Our Ashland Works has been honored for the second straight year with the Max Eward Safety Award for operating the safest coke plant in America. This marks the ninth time in the past 10 years that an AK Steel coke plant has garnered this prestigious award. In addition, our Zanesville Works received three Safety Council awards during 2006. Customer quality claims in 2006 were at their lowest level in our history, while productivity gains occurred at each plant. We shattered numerous annual production records, including at our Butler Works, which reached one million tons of specialty steels cast for the first time. But, the external recognition of our Rockport Works facility was particularly noteworthy, as Rockport earned two major national honors. Rockport not only received the U.S. Senate Productivity Award, but also was selected by

Record-Setting Performances AK Steel's performance in 2006 was no less than remarkable. Revenues reached a company record $6.1 billion, up 7.5 percent from 2005. Our record revenues were driven by a record average annual selling price of $984 per ton, a 12 percent increase from the previous year, along with the benefit of variable surcharges to offset higher input costs. Shipments for the year totaled a solid 6.2 million tons. These results, combined with our unrelenting cost-reduction efforts, enabled AK Steel to post strong operating profitability, and a return to net profitability for the year. In 2006, we further reduced controllable costs by more than $100 million. In total, we have realized cumulative annual cost savings of more than $500 million since beginning our cost-reduction program in the fall of 2003. We ended 2006 with a solid cash balance of $519 million, even after making $209 million in early and voluntary pension contributions during the year, as well as funding our capital investment program. During 2006, we also achieved recordsetting results in each of our three core operating metrics--safety, quality and productivity. Our top priority always is employee safety and, for 2006, we equaled our

AK Steel earned Ford Motor Company's Gold World Excellence Award, which signifies supplier excellence in three key areas--quality, cost and delivery.

Improving Our Competitiveness We took major steps in 2006 to position AK Steel to sustain profitability for the long term. We forged new agreements with our contract customers, which helped improve revenues. We also reached new agreements with several labor unions and raw materials suppliers, which helped us obtain more competitive costs. These new agreements, coupled with many other actions we took, helped to significantly improve AK Steel's competitiveness in the global marketplace. With regard to labor agreements, we negotiated three new competitive contracts in 2006. In the first quarter of 2007, we reached two additional agreements,

IndustryWeek magazine as one of the 10
Best Plants in North America. Winning either of these prestigious awards would be

The Rockport Works facility received the U.S. Senate Productivity Award and was also selected by IndustryWeek magazine as one of the 10 Best Plants in North America.

including one at the Middletown Works, where we operated with temporary replacement workers since February 28, 2006, following

the expiration of the previous labor contract. We have negotiated a total of 11 "new era" labor agreements with the United Autoworkers, the United Steelworkers and the International Association of Machinists unions. In fact, we have now reached new competitive agreements with the unions at every AK Steel plant. Each of the agreements that we have negotiated in recent years provides for smaller, more flexible workforces, affordable pensions and health-care cost-sharing, all of which are instrumental to improving our competitiveness. We continued to operate during 2006 as an environmentally responsible corporate citizen. We completed the second phase of a $65 million project to install upgraded and additional air emission control systems at Middletown Works to meet Maximum Achievable Control Technology (MACT) standards of the federal Clean Air Act. And we reached a landmark agreement with federal and state environmental protection agencies and environmental groups to clean up a stream in the Middletown area. Putting the PEDAL to the Metal 2006 was the third consecutive year of consistent and significant progress for AK Steel. This is an important milestone, marking an end to our "recovery" and "repairing major issues" phases, and the beginning of looking toward the future with enthusiasm and confidence. Now it's time to take AK Steel to the next level, to focus on sustaining and growing our profitability with selected investments and by improving our balance sheet. In 2007 our focus is on accelerating our way forward. In other words, we are putting the "PEDAL to the Metal" in order to increase (P)rofits, (E)nhance shareholder

value, (D)e-leverage the balance sheet and maximize (A)ssets, in order to achieve (L)ongterm, sustained profitability. And we have already begun. For example, during 2006 we completed an $8.5 million investment at our AK Tube subsidiary to produce large-diameter stainless steel tubing to supply an emerging market for heavy-duty truck exhausts. In addition, we are capitalizing on the strong market outlook for high value-added electrical steel products. AK Steel is one of the largest producers in the world of siliconalloy electrical steels and is the leading domestic producer of the high value-added grain-oriented grades used in the manufacture of energy-efficient power generation and distribution transformers. We are under way with our third expansion of electrical steel capacity in recent years with projects at our Butler and Zanesville plants. Phase 1 was completed in 2006. Phases 2 and 3, announced in 2006, will total approximately $69 million. Phase 2 will be completed in the first quarter of 2007. Completion of Phase 3 will result in increasing our electrical steel production capacity to about 335,000 tons per year, beginning in early 2008. Well-Positioned for 2007 I firmly believe that AK Steel is better positioned for success than at any other time in its history. To say we have made significant progress would be an understatement. We have achieved outstanding performances on those items within our control, including safety, quality, customer service, productivity and controllable costs. For those and other reasons, the value of AK Steel's stock rose a robust 113 percent over the course of 2006. The credit for our successful year goes to an excellent management team, dedicated employees, and the continued strong support and guidance of our outstanding Board of Directors. As such, I will take this opportunity to give a special thanks and best wishes to Lawrence Leser, who is retiring from our Board after 12 years of dedicated service. I also extend our sincere appreciation to the A Solid Foundation, a Stronger Future With AK Steel's defining year behind us, our company now has a solid foundation upon which to build. It's exciting to enter our next phase of development, as we put the "PEDAL to the Metal," accelerating toward achieving our company's full potential and realizing sustained profitability. other members of the Board, including Lead Director Robert Jenkins, Richard Abdoo, Dr. Bonnie Hill, Daniel Meyer, Shirley Peterson and Dr. James Thomson. I also welcome two new members, William Gerber and John Brinzo, who have joined the AK Steel Board, and I look forward to their direction and insights as well. Sadly, AK Steel lost a tremendous supporter and friend with the passing of C. William "Bill" Verity, Jr. on January 3, 2007. Bill was a former chairman, president and CEO of Armco, our predecessor company, and the grandson of company founder George M. Verity. Bill's long and distinguished career extended beyond the company to our nation. He served as U.S. Secretary of Commerce under President Ronald Reagan, and was chairman of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. He will be greatly missed by his family, and by all of us at AK Steel.
C. William "Bill" Verity, Jr. January 26, 1917 - January 3, 2007 Lawrence Leser is retiring from AK Steel's Board after 12 distinguished years of service.

113%
stock price appreciation in 2006.

