Our Vision

AK Steel is dedicated to safely producing the highest quality steel products for our customers, delivering them on-time and providing them with outstanding service. AK Steel is committed to being a responsible corporate citizen. It is our intention to operate ethically with all constituents, maintaining fair and honest relationships and to operate within both the letter and the spirit of the law. From the shop floors of all of our plants to the executive offices, AK Steel is devoted to achieving excellence in all we do on behalf of each stakeholder every day.

It has been my privilege and honor to serve as AK Steel's president and CEO for the past year and a half, a period filled with continuing challenges, but also with measurable progress James L. Wainscott toward our goal of President & CEO sustained profitability. Our company began 2004 facing many significant challenges, but several dominated:  Our relationships with most of our key constituents were severely strained  Our total employment costs were much higher than those of most of our competitors  We faced unprecedented raw materials and energy cost increases  Our net losses for the previous three years had exceeded $1 billion  The price of our stock had declined by 90% from its all-time high  Our liquidity and cash reserves were far below comfortable levels A strong market for our products in 2004 aided our recovery, helping us establish record shipment levels and revenues. Bolstering the revenues, which topped $5 billion for the first time in our history, valueadded products represented 91% of total shipments, up from about 88% for 2003. Yet, even removing those positive effects, we significantly improved virtually every important financial and operating metric of our company through lower costs and improved efficiencies. For example, our total employment is down by 1,100, or nearly 12%, compared to October of 2003, even after excluding the employees associated with non-core assets that were sold. This drop is attributable to an involuntary salaried workforce reduction and aggressive job combinations and eliminations, where permitted, among hourly positions. Beyond these objective measures, we affected dramatic and positive changes to our corporate culture by improving relationships with our key constituents,

restoring our winning tradition and enhancing the value of AK Steel for all of our stakeholders. Of particular note, AK Steel completed on schedule all of the new and rigorous corporate governance and disclosure requirements for 2004 resulting from the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the enhanced listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange and the new regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the newly required audit of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. A Return to Profitability To start with the bottom line, after eight consecutive money-losing quarters, AK Steel returned to profitability in the second quarter of 2004 and earned a net income of $238 million for the year, compared to a net loss of $560 million for 2003. Our financial objectives were met by focusing the entire organization on Phase I of our return to sustained profitability, what we dubbed "The 3 C's," Customers, Costs and Cash. Clearly, our company's future depends, in large measure, on our customers. In 2004 we worked to repair strained relationships and re-establish our commitment to providing the best possible products and service to our customers. In a year of unprecedented escalation of raw The number of consecutive years AK material and energy Steel has earned dual prices, AK Steel Toyota awards for nonetheless honored its Quality and Delivery. fixed-price contract customer agreements. More importantly, however, honoring those suddenly lopsided contracts was demonstrable evidence to our customers that AK Steel was indeed living up to its first-ever Vision Statement unveiled a year ago. The sacrifice exemplified by that commitment was not lost on our contract customers. We firmly believe that standing by our word, in the face of perhaps the most robust market in history, was thus a solid investment in our future.

11

Quality and Service Quality Magazine I believe such a commitment to customer needs helped AK Steel earn the top spot for Overall Customer Satisfaction, rated by customers themselves, among North American steel companies in an independent survey conducted by Jacobson and Associates. In March of 2005, Toyota presented AK Steel with its "Regional Contribution Award" in ceremonies in Nagoya, Japan. AK Steel was one of only two North American suppliers, and the only steelmaker world-wide, to receive this prestigious recognition by Toyota. And once again, Toyota Motor Manufacturing of North America recognized AK Steel employees with dual AK Steel was the only "Superior in Quality" steelmaker in the world to and "Superior in receive Toyota's Regional Delivery" awards--our Contribution Award. 11th consecutive year of dual awards, and our seventh consecutive year of earning the highest rating in both categories.

TOP 100

AK Steel was also honored with the "Award of Excellence" from Integris Metals, the Subaru "Presidential Award" and was named in 2004 to Quality Magazine's "Top 100" list, the only integrated steelmaker to make the list. This recognition, earned by AK Steel employees, helped our company to deliver the best safety, quality, productivity and operating cost performance in the history of this company and its predecessors. These performances enabled AK Steel to better serve our existing customers and paved the way for earning new business, including Maytag Corporation, which we began to serve early in 2005.

