


To our employees and shareholders,

Crocuses. Determined and forceful, yet a wonder to behold. Traits that make the crocuses on our front cover particularly fitting as a metaphor for the past year and a half. Because, like those crocuses sprouting up through the cold, unforgiving snow, Alaska and Horizon have fought back both from the stark reality of the aftereffects of 9/11 and from a seriously depressed economy to emerge even stronger than before.
Now don't get me wrong, we still have many hurdles to clear before we can claim success, but we've made great strides. And we're coming through these dark, difficult days better than most of our peers. That emergence is a testament to the execution of our five-point
post-9/11 strategy-outlined in the pages ahead-that weput in place to respond to the precipitous drop in demand and subsequent drop in fare levels.
It's a strategy that runs counter to most of the industry, but is one that has kept our planes flying, attracted more customers than ever, kept our world-class employees working, and allowed us to expand to numerous strategic new markets that will serve us well for years to come.
It is not, however, a strategy that has enabled us to be profitable. Yet. We do have the second-best balance sheet among the majors though, and Alaska Airlines has the best traffic, revenue, and yield performance of the majors. So, while we'e not there yet, like the crocuses in the snow we're starting to see our results take bloom.
But we did lose money last year. Excluding the one-time charge of $51 .4 million due to a change in accounting for goodwill, our net loss was $67.2 million. So we will continue to diligently execute our strategy in 2003, particularly in the area of cost management. To return to profitability, we've set ambitious goals for reducing our unit costs at Alaska Airlines and for continuing to manage  costs down at Horizon. Simply said, doing that will be critical to our success.
You can read about our strategy in the pages ahead, but make no mistake -it's thequality and dedication of our employees that will make that strategy successful, along with the goodwill of all the friends we've made along the way.
On a closing note, it has been a real privilege leading this fine organization over the past eight action-packed years. Although I will be retiring this May, I couldn't be more pleased about the leadership team that is in place and all the fine employees we have at our two companies.
Rest assured that Bill Ayer, who will take over as Chairman & CEO	following the shareholders meeting in May, has the right stuff and the right team to keep Alaska Air Group positioned at the top of our industry far into the future.
As for me, it's been an honor serving you.




John F. Kelly
Chairman & CEO, Alaska Air Group


_from !,:fr,
Bill Ayer, president of Alaska Air Group and chairman, president and CEO of Alaska Airlines John Kelly, chairman and CEO of Alaska Air Group
Jeff Pinneo, president and CEO of Horizon Air
