To Our Shareholders and Employees

When you get down to the essence of it, an annual report is the interpretation of the past to see how it may shape the future. With that in mind, the most salient message I can convey about 2003 and how it sets our course for 2004 and beyond is this: Working together, we're making steady, tangible progress toward the operational and financial objectives that we believe will return us to long-term prosperity. Three facts illustrate my point. First, at Alaska Airlines we've posted six consecutive quarters of year-over-year improvement in unit costs. Consequently, we not only met, but slightly exceeded, our non-fuel cost goal for 2003 and are on track to achieve our 2004 target. Similarly, Horizon Air's unit costs have declined in six of the last eight quarters. Second, the margin of difference between the quality of our service versus that of competitors is as great as ever,
William S. Ayer Chairman, President and CEO, Alaska Air Group

and customers continue to respond favorably. Thanks to 14,738 spirited and caring employees, Alaska and Horizon remain the preferred carriers in the vast majority of markets we serve, including our relatively new East Coast destinations. In 2003, that translated to record traffic and load factor for Alaska and record load factor for Horizon. Third, we continue to improve on key measures of operational excellence. Obvious standards, such as on-time performance, baggage delivery, and customer ratings of employee attitude versus the competition, are trending upward. In fact, our marks for employee attitude can't get much higher. Less obvious measures of proficiency also tell a positive story. Our on-the-job-injury and ground damage rates, for instance, have reached new lows. On The Right Course In 2003 we were profitable for the first time since 1999, posting modest net income of $13.5 million. While that achievement would
10

have been impossible without government reimbursement for increased security costs, the real bottom line is that we're on the right course. Still, much work remains. Our challenge is clear: Return to consistent profitability, and at a level that will fortify us against the economic ups and downs that tend to batter this industry. Getting there starts by facing the brutal facts. A quarter of our industry is now comprised of low-cost carriers and another 45 percent of restructured majors. So 70 percent of the industry has, or soon will have, a low cost structure. As a result, despite two years of cost improvement, we've seen our position as a carrier whose cost structure was comfortably in the middle of the pack in the late `90s become uncomfortably close to the higher end of the group. We're working hard on all fronts to improve our position. It would be easier if our challenges could all be addressed on the revenue side of the equation. While we continue to creatively work that side of the ledger, and realized unit revenue gains at Alaska and Horizon in 2003, the trend line is irrefutable. Consumers won't pay the higher

prices of old. Adjusted for inflation, industry yield has declined 50 percent since the skies were deregulated in 1978, and we see no signs of this trend reversing. That means our challenge is largely one of cost management. At Alaska Airlines our aim is to secure $307 million in permanent, annual savings. To that end, we achieved $83 million of it in 2003. These savings came from a variety of actions. Among them: Increasing online bookings; harmonizing schedules between Alaska and Horizon; lowering insurance costs; securing better vendor pricing; and consolidating all heavy maintenance at our Oakland base. We also continue to embrace our "Airport of the Future" concept that re-engineers terminals to expedite a customer's journey through the airport and onto the aircraft. Hand in hand with that effort is an ongoing investment in our automated kiosk and Web check-in processes to make them even more user-friendly. The move to make life better for customers also extends to pricing. We've dramatically altered our fare structure, making it less complicated by eliminating more than 10,000 fares and many of the restrictions, including the
11

notorious weekend stay requirement. We've also reduced first class and higher-end coach fares, closing the gap between the highest and the lowest fares and offering an average of six structural fares in each market. Why the changes? Because what customers value and are willing to pay for has changed dramatically. Low fares and ease of experience rule. Our new approach offers more value for customers -- and that, we believe, will translate into increased traffic. There are also operational benefits, including shorter talk times for reservations sales agents and simpler processes for changing or refunding tickets -- developments that will enhance the overall travel experience. Alaska 2010 We're in the process of evaluating longer-term ideas that we believe will result in millions more in permanent annual savings. What we're aiming for is a combination of ideas that generate savings or increase revenue while enhancing our standing with customers. In addition, we continue to work with union leaders to come up with a combination of

market-based wage and benefit adjustments for employees, and work rule changes that lead to greater efficiency in our operation. Much of what I've talked about here is contained in a strategic vision we unveiled in June 2003 called "Alaska 2010." We call it that because if we make the right moves now, 2010 will be the year we look back with great pride at how we transformed ourselves -- how we took control and willed ourselves to be one of the preeminent airlines in the United States. To get there, we believe Alaska Airlines must reduce non-fuel unit cost -- or cost per available seat mile excluding fuel -- to 7.25 cents. That's more than a full cent lower than where we concluded 2003. That's not as low as our lowest-cost competitors, but it doesn't have to be. Because we offer customers more value for the dollar -- personable employees, for one, along with advanced seat assignments, convenient schedules, clean aircraft, an attractive frequent flier program, high-tech check-in and more -- we're able to command a small revenue premium. That makes it possible for us to have somewhat higher unit costs and still compete aggressively.
12

With a 7.25 cent unit cost, we believe that Alaska could fly profitably to almost any major market in the nation. With that cost structure in place, we could comfortably grow our airline on the order of 8-to-10 percent per year. What that means for our three key stakeholders is this: For employees: A vibrant, growing company where people can flourish by way of career advancement opportunities, profit sharing, retirement security, and good competitive wages and benefits. For customers: A spirited, engaging, innovative and user-friendly travel experience -- what we know to be the elements of our very strong brand -- punctuated by reliable service, convenient schedules, low fares and, above all, an unwavering commitment to safety in all that we do every day. For shareholders: A company that builds longterm value through consistent growth in earnings. Looking Ahead Since 9/11, we've taken a methodical approach to the challenges that confront us. Coupled with

our fundamental strengths, including a strong balance sheet and cash position, this approach has helped set us apart from most of the rest of the industry during these difficult times. But doing relatively well in the airline business is not enough. Our task is to make the critical changes necessary to transform ourselves into a thriving enterprise. Not just thriving in terms of airlines -- because the benchmark in this industry is unremarkable -- but thriving in a way that puts us in the same league as star performers from across the spectrum of American business. Our plan to streamline costs, offer superior value to customers, and achieve operational excellence will elevate us to the next level. We have the plan, the commitment and, above all, the people -- a caring, resourceful team of employees with a proven record of excellence. Now it's a matter of execution. Sincerely, William S. Ayer Chairman, President and CEO, Alaska Air Group March 10, 2004

13

