
A year ago, I reported to you that we had made "steady, tangible progress" toward our goal of achieving long-term prosperity. We made more progress during 2004. Thanks to our dedicated
employees who kept a clear focus on delivering value to our customers, we achieved our critical cost targets in an extraordinarily difficult and permanently changed airline industry environment. I could not be more proud of the women and men at Alaska Airlines and Horizion Air.
The numbers tell much  of the  story. Alaska Air Group earned a net income of $5.2 million, after adjusting for unusual  items. This broke a string of four consecutive years of adjusted net losses. It was a small profit but a visible sign of real progress as we continued to bring our costs down.
Alaska Airlines posted lower unit costs for the 10th successive quarter, ending the year at
7.92	cents per available seat mile excluding fuel, surpassing our goal of 8.0 cents.
Alaska's load factor for the year reached a record 72.9 percent. Meanwhile, Horizon's non-fuel unit costs fell by 14 percent, as.it began flying under contract for Frontier Airlines. Horizon also set a load factor record of 69.3 percent in 2004.
Our customers and employees remain the most important part 6f our business. So it was gratifying that customers of Alaska and
 
Horizon continued to rate our service and employee attitudes well above the competition. They've consistently rated us in the high 80 percentiles for "overall satisfaction" and for "likelihood t0 purchase again.:'
While the results indicate we are heading in the right direction, we are not yet where we
need to be. To compete effectively in the tough new airline environment, lower costs coupled with great cu to r value are essential.

INDUSTRY·
The domestic airline industry continued to struggle in 2004. The ongoing effects of9/11,· he demand for lower fares by business travelers, high fuel prices and the expansion of low-cost airlines made for a brutal environment. For the fourth year in.a row, U.S..carriers experienced
severe financial stress ;is the 11 major airlines suffered a staggering combined net loss of nearly
'
$6.0 billion. Qµarly four earned a pre-tax profit. Three remain in bankruptcy. And more than
>	:,	•	'                       'i	•,.	•


123,000jobs:l} have been- eliminated"across 'the industry. Clearly, the industry has changed and will
'	,,,,	<        ..	'

cotinue to change. It seems just as clear that only those companies with a low cost structure_ and
.	a quality product will succeed over the long term.

costs
At Alaska Airlines, we stayed the course and laid out in our Alaska 2010 strategic vision,: which sets goals for achieving a cost structure that support profitable growth .By the end of last year we had reduced annual costs by
$185 million. That's, more than halfway toward the $340 million necessary to
weatherproof the	company against the ups
,,
_and downs of the industry. ···
·	'
 





We attacked costs across a wide range of our operations. Air Group's fuel-hedging program, which contributed $45 million in cost savings in 2004, allows us to lock in the price of some future fuel purchases despite rising fuel costs. In addition, we purchased fuel-saving winglets to retrofit our 22 737-700s, an investment that will further reduce fuel costs in the years ahead. A top-to-bottom review of our supply chain saved another $38 million annually. Over the past few years, we've cut our yearly aviation insurance costs by more than $25 million.
Just as critical to our cost management mission are simple· and customer-friendly business processes. We implemented our "Zoom' process that draws on the experience and ideas of employees to improve the quality of service we provide while lowering costs. It really works.
A good example is our "TANGO" project. Teams of front-line employees examined and streamlined procedures for turning aircraft on the ground between flights. They nicknamed it TANGO for "Turn Aircraft 'N Go." The result was systemwide savings of enough airplane time to begin new Seattle/Chicago service last spring without acquiring any additional aircraft. Horizon
has achieved industry-leading on-time performance using similar process improvement techniques.

Alaska also continues to lead the industry by improving processes at the airports we serve. In · June, we opened a new "airport-of-the-future" terminal in Anchorage featuring a two-step check­ in process designed by our employees. And employee teams are working on plans for similar upgrades at other airports.
During the year, we continued to enhance our award-winning Web site, alaskaair.com, which is now used by a third of our passengers to book their flights. Web check-in continues to grow in popularity with half of all passengers now checking in via airport kiosks or 'the Web. A remarkable
97 percent of our passengers use electronic tickets, and we look forward to approaching 100 percent
in the near future. In addition, Mileage Plan members now can book their Alaska and Horizon award travel, as well as award travel on some of our partner airlines, at alaskaair.com.
While these ongoing initiatives are making a difference, it became clear by midyear that our rate of change was not keeping pace with the rate of change at other airlines. This hard reality led us to make the toughest decisions of all: those involving the jobs of some of our own people.
 
In the summer and fall.; we reduced Alaska's management by more than 200 positions, closed the Oakland maintenance base after contracting the remainder of our heavy maintenance with outside vendor who specialized in this work, and contracted out all fleet service and ground support equipment maintenance, fi.mctions. In all, we reduced about 900 positions, generating
. permanent annµal.savings of $}5 million. To help ease the transition for employees who lost jobs,
we provided generous severance packages,.

A big part of our Alaska 20+0 plan focuses on achieving icompetitive labor costs for all major work groups. We have held collaborative negotiations with our labor groups, striving to reach
mutually acceptable agreements. Despite intense efforts by both sides, Alaska and the Air Line Pilots .
Association could not reach.agreement ,on a new contract for our pilots, who as a group represent the
I                              •           '	)	.'	"'






largest co.st diffyi"el}ce ovef;market, The matter went to arbitration and will be settled by May 2005..
•	,.        .         •	• •   "1"          •	•




'. •-::
CUSTOMERS
, I     · •..	: I: '
During early 2004, we 'introduc d "Common S ns "fares, a simplified fare structure th t
r :.	·         '         ,	•     '    •	;	• , r , ·

features fewer types of fares, a reduced differential between the highest and lowest fares, and no
minimum-stay requirements-· all changes welcomed by our c st mers.
I	.

'	.
We also added Delta  o our ro ter of airline partners. Together with our partners, we now
offer an unmatc.hed network of code-sharing flights and Mileage Plan opportunities that span the globe. And became  four strong partnership with Bank of America, we successfully
,.
exp nded our Al;ska Airiines VISA Card program into.Canada.

Finally, we began upgrading our 737s with leather seats for added comfort and durability, and
,:          •,	;         I           .i_	•       )'.

ordered more personal entertainment "digEplaye s"_for our longer-haul flights. We also began offering
,,	'
meals for sale on a trial basis in Alaslp.'s Mexico markets, and the early results are encouraging.
.	.	•    '	'        I .        •       ,	•	'	.



MARKETS.
The planni g groups\1: Alaska nd Horizon continued their focus on making sure we offer
'. ' I •

the right schedules·with the right aircraft in our markets..This process of "harmonization" has placed Horizoh regional}e't aircraft on-certain Bay Area and Southern California flights, while
 
freeing up larger Alaska jets for new markets. Some Horizon markets also have benefited from new Alaska service at peak times.
The result is improved efficiency, higher market share and better passenger service. Harmonization is a careful balancing act, and so far it's delivering good results.
Last summer, Alaska began the orily nonstop service available between Los Angeles and Reagan National Airport in Washington,
D.C. We were awarded this route by the U.S. Department ofTransportation following a competitive bidding process for new highly
coveted, long-haul slots at Reagan National. We also were awarded a second daily flight from Seattle to Reagan.
Horizon entered into an agreement with Denver-based Frontier Airlines to fly nine of its regional jets as Frontier JetExpress  under  a fee-based  contract. Realigning  its native  network to accommodate this shift in capacity helped improve Horizon's load factor. And its JetExpress flying contributed the majority of Horizon's non-fuel unit cost savings for the year.

OPERATIONS
The foundation for everything we do is an unyielding commitment to safety. Early last year, Alaska's safety division earned the International Organization for Standardization's prestigious ISO 9000 certification. Both Alaska and Horizon received the FA.A's Diamond Award for excellence in maintenance training. Also, both companies are seeing reductions in on-the-job injuries. Another proud achievement came from our employees at Petersburg on the Southeast Alaska panhandle, who celebrated their 10th consecutive year without an on-the-job employee injury.
 
Dudng 2005, Alaska will take delivery of three new 737-800 aircraft with fuel-saving winglets
-	.
and three mor(fih 2006: These·160-seat aircraft are ideal for·our long haul routes and future ·
.	.
expansion. Horizon will take d livery of one regional jet during the year and two more in 2006.

THEFUtURE·
'1 '	I	i·	• .
, There's no longer any room for doubt about the changing nature of the airline industry.
. .	.
High-cost legacy airlines fre struggling against the rise of aggressive low-cost competitors. While
.	"I	•	"	'

;this fact preserve the challenges, we also see some tremendous opportunities. -
.      .  '	.
'
At Alaska and Horizon, we are committed to emerging from this period of change as clear
i''       •      J	I,,

winners, providing, options from customer value -	the right product at the right price-and running
'	;
operationally excellent 'airlines.
Alaska and Horizon are on course to a future defined by quality service, excellent careers for employees and consistent returns for shareholders. We nave the right plan and, most importantly,
we have the right people. With dicipline and diligence, we will continue our progress, confident that our vision for the future will become a reality.


Sincerely,
-
 

William S.Ayer
Chairman, President and CEO, Alaska Air Group April 11, 2005_
