 Fellow Shareholders >
Edward M. Liddy Chairman, President & CEO
Allstate is taking the lead in transforming our industry and setting new standards for consumer choice and convenience.
The programs we announced are designed to accelerate growth by broadening access to the company through important new channels.
2

> Bold Steps 1999 was the year Allstate took bold steps to reposition itself for industry
leadership—marked by a major commit- ment to technology and the Internet— in an effort to make our agents more successful and productive and our customers more satisfied. Simply put, Allstate is taking the lead in transforming our industry and setting new standards for consumer choice and convenience.
In 1999 we announced a ground- breaking initiative to enable consumers to reach us through the Internet or via a toll-free number, and to integrate that ease of access with the expertise and local presence of an Allstate agent. In addition, we announced significant acquisitions and new alliances to expand our scope in the independent agency, workplace and life and savings markets.
These programs and products are designed to significantly accelerate growth by broadening access to the company through important new distri- bution channels.
For Allstate, profitable growth is crucial. Competition in the insurance and financial services segments is fierce. And while the number of our policies
in force increased 3 percent in 1999, auto premium rates declined and the severity and frequency of reported auto injuries increased. Allstate’s 1999 results reflected these pressures. Our growth in written premiums was 4.5 percent, well below our stated annual goal of 8 to 10 percent. Our net income was $2.7 billion, down 17.4 percent from the year before.
As a result of these and other factors, our stock price in 1999 declined 37.5 percent, after having increased 185.2 percent over the previous 51⁄2 years, since we went public. This compared with a decline of 28.8 percent in the average 1999 stock price of peer companies in our industry segment.
At the present time property-casualty insurance is viewed as an unglamorous and slow-growth industry. But there are always good opportunities for smart, swift and aggressive companies in a slow-growth market. Our performance in some key measures far exceeds the industry’s. For example, we have a far better combined ratio than the industry
as a whole, reflecting our low loss costs due to superior claims manage- ment. We have a vibrant and vital Life and Savings business squarely posi- tioned in a fast-growing market, pro- viding life insurance products and investment opportunities. Rigorous capital management helped us gener- ate an 18.4 percent return on equity, putting us in the top quartile of all property-casualty companies. And Allstate, unlike many of our mutual company competitors, is publicly traded, with the financial disciplines that stock ownership imposes.
> Sizeable Assets The fact is Allstate has many sizeable advantages and assets from which to build. We have one of the best known brand names in the business. We have a work force of some 40,000 employees and more than 15,500 agents dedicated to excellence and growth. We distribute Life and Savings products through Allstate agents and life specialists, as well as banks, securities firms, indepen- dent agents and through direct response, including the Internet. In 1999 more than 34,000 producers sold our Life and Savings products and more than 35,000 producers sold our annuity products.
In addition, almost 4,000 independent agents sell CNA Personal Insurance and more than 13,000 independent agents sell non-standard auto insurance through our Deerbrook brand.
Most important, we have the right strategies in place to position the company strongly for the future. Our strategic road map dates back to 1995 with our spin-off from Sears, Roebuck and Co. Since going public, we have successfully strengthened the Allstate franchise and focused on the customer. We sold non-core businesses, such as our mortgage, reinsurance and commer- cial operations, and significantly im- proved our claims processes and costs. We took steps to reduce our exposure to catastrophes. And through extensive marketing research, we gained valuable insights into insurance buying habits so we could target the most profitable consumer segments. All this work has helped us achieve substantial increases in profitability over the last five years.
3

>Expanding Scope Now we’re at work on some of the most important initiatives Allstate has ever undertaken—strengthening our core operations and expanding the scope of our business. That work has been our chief focus for several years, and was greatly accelerated in 1999 with the announcement that we are adding new access points to the com- pany in order to tap new channels of growth. Beginning in mid-year 2000,
Allstate Strategic Road Map
Strengthen the Franchise
> Reduced our catastrophe
exposure
> Improved our capital position
> Focused on our core business
> Fostered credibility with the financial community
1995–1997
Not only is this good for insurance consumers, it’s good for our agencies— Allstate’s 15,500 agents and their support staffs. They’ll be able to tap into a growing number of consumers pre- disposed to buy or service their insur- ance needs directly online or through 24-hour Client Information Centers. Agents will get a commission for servicing that business and additional commissions for cross-selling new lines of business with these customers.
   Focus on the Consumer > Consumer segmentation > Developed our Brand
Value Proposition
> New Customer Experience
> Claim Core Process Redesign > New ad campaign
Expand the Scope of Business
> Putnamalliance
> CNA personal lines insurance acquisition > American Heritage Life acquisition
> Multi-access
  insurance consumers in some states will be able to get rate quotes, buy insurance, modify existing coverage and get questions answered over the Internet or through a toll-free phone number with a licensed Client Insurance Professional. Consumers will have round- the-clock access to licensed Allstate professionals.
And regardless of whether con- sumers choose to buy or service their Allstate business online or over the phone, they’ll always be able to tap the advice, expertise and experience of a local Allstate agent. This degree of customer flexibility and convenience will be a major competitive advantage for us. It’s a demonstration of our will- ingness, ability and commitment to sat- isfy customer needs through innovation and industry leadership.
And make no mistake, it is a major commitment. By year-end 2000 our goal is to have Internet and phone access service in place in 15 states covering about 40 percent of the U.S. population. By the end of 2001, we plan to provide this service countrywide, everywhere Allstate does business in the United States.
> Major Commitment To help agencies better sell and service customers, we’re making another major commitment. By the end of 2001, we’ll equip all Allstate agents and many of their support staffs with new desktop hardware and software. And we’re introducing leading-edge technology to help agencies target and service con- sumers with significant insurance needs, identify and retain their most valuable customers, and prospect more effectively for new leads.
For example, Allstate agencies will be able to identify new teen drivers easily from their customer base and offer those families the right auto cov- erage as well as our award-winning safe driving materials. Agencies will be able to target other customers with pressing insurance needs, such as new homeowners and retirees. We’ll also identify customers deemed to be at risk of not renewing, so agencies can tar- get them for special attention. With thousands of individuals covered in each agency’s book of business, these targeted actions can make a huge difference in strengthening individual
4
1997 and ongoing 1999 and ongoing

relationships, improving customer loyalty and cross-line sales and increasing retention.
Another new program will allow our agencies to view their customers by household, consolidating and refining information to provide a more compre- hensive profile of every customer family. And sophisticated new pricing models and marketing programs will enable us to identify and offer more attractive rates to our most potentially profitable consumer segments.
Industrywide Sales Increase by Channel [auto insurance], 1998 vs. 1997 [in percent]
also announced three major initiatives in 1999 designed to accelerate prof- itable growth by putting Allstate into new channels of distribution and intro- ducing new financial products.
With the aging of the American population, the market for life and asset protection and retirement products has never been stronger. To tap that market, in 1999 we announced a joint venture with Putnam Investments to market insurance products designed to lever- age the strengths of both companies
6.9
  Direct Response
Independent Agents
Captive Agents
3.8
    2.3
02468
>Stronger Agencies We also announced in 1999 that we would simplify and strengthen our Allstate agency program with a single, independent contractor exclusive agency agreement, effective in 2000. Consolidating the numerous agent con- tracts and agreements currently in place will enable us to provide consistent, focused, integrated marketing support. And as independent entrepreneurs with a major stake in their businesses, agents will have increased flexibility and incentives to grow their business more aggressively and profitably.
To back up all these initiatives, the company has significantly increased its commitment to marketing and advertis- ing around the country, to more than $150 million a year in both 1999 and 2000. And we’ve introduced a new advertising campaign, “You’re in Good Hands with Allstate®...Mine,” to promote Allstate as a company of professionals who are personally committed to their customers’ lifelong needs.
All these and many other programs are being introduced to solidify growth prospects for the Allstate brand. We
and appeal to investors. The initial effort, the Putnam Allstate Advisor, is a state- of-the-art variable annuity product that combines Allstate’s high name recogni- tion among consumers with Putnam’s strong brand equity among investment advisors. This led to sales of $830 mil- lion in its first seven months, one of
the strongest product launches in the financial services sector. Other asset protection and growth products are being developed by Allstate and Putnam. Our goal is to be one of the top vari- able annuity writers in the industry.
> Financial Planning And because of the public’s strong demand for financial products, we are enabling Allstate agents to become financial planners, so they can help their customers with retirement planning and sell fixed and variable annuities and mutual fund products as well as property-casualty and life insurance. Our goal is eventually to have a signifi- cant portion of Allstate agents and all Allstate life specialists licensed to sell and service these financial products, which will strengthen their role as part- ners and advisors to their customers.
5

> Acquisitions In a major thrust into the $45 billion
independent agency market, Allstate in 1999 acquired the personal lines busi- ness of CNA Financial Corporation. CNA Personal Insurance, as we call it, is one of the leading personal lines brands sold through independent agents [IAs]. Many consumers prefer to shop for their insurance needs through an indepen- dent agent, because they value the choice of companies and the advice an IA can offer. With CNA Personal Insurance, and our own Deerbrook brand of non-standard auto insurance, we are now strongly positioned in a market segment from which we were largely excluded in the past. Our goal is to become the leading writer of per- sonal lines insurance in the IA market.
In 1999 we also acquired American Heritage Life [AHL] to position us strongly in the fast-growing workplace market. AHL sells life, supplemental health and disability insurance to em- ployees at more than 15,000 companies, who enjoy the benefit of competitive rates and the ease of payments through payroll deduction. This market is grow- ing 15 percent a year. Our growth prospects for workplace marketing are especially enticing. Allstate’s 15,500 agents [and the 3,400 independent agents who write Allstate insurance] sell commercial insurance to more than 200,000 small businesses, many of whom could be prospective customers for AHL’s products. And with Allstate’s strong national presence, the opportunity to ex- pand AHL’s business from its base in the southeastern U.S. is enormous.
> Shareholder Value To further promote shareholder value, we announced in 1999 that we would complete the previous $2 billion share repurchase plan and would launch another $2 billion program, to be com- pleted by the end of 2000. Also in 1999 we undertook to consolidate operations and reduce our work force, which we expect will yield $600 million in annual expense savings by the end of 2000. We intend to use these savings to fund new technology applications, provide more
competitively priced products where appropriate and undertake stronger marketing and advertising initiatives.
1999 was also a busy year in our officer group. It marked the retirement of Bob Gary, a 37-year Allstate veteran who headed our property-casualty business from 1994-1999. Bob’s distinguished career was marked by extraordinary leadership, energy and commitment. Rick Cohen, a 31-year veteran of the company, replaces Bob. Also retiring was Lou Lower, who was with us 23 years and whose dedication and vision helped make Allstate a leader in the life and savings field. His responsibilities have been assumed by Tom Wilson, presi- dent of the Life and Savings business.
At the board level, in 1999 we elected James Farrell, Duane Ackerman,
Ronald T. LeMay and Judith Sprieser directors of The Allstate Corporation. Jim is chairman and chief executive officer of Illinois Tool Works; Duane is chairman, president and chief execu- tive officer of BellSouth Corporation; Ron is president and chief operating officer of Sprint Corporation; and Judith is executive vice president of Sara Lee. Collectively they bring enormous ex- perience, talent and vision to our board, which will benefit the company and shareholders.
In all, 1999 was a watershed year for us. We were frustrated by the reduction in Allstate’s [and the entire industry’s] market capitalization, especially in the face of the strongest bull market in U.S. history. But great performers can meet any challenge. We have put in place the right programs designed to sell more products through more channels of distribution, accelerate profitable growth and drive shareholder value. These strategies offer us the opportu- nity to lead the industry. I’m convinced we’re on the right track, with the right people and strategies for success.
Edward M. Liddy Chairman, President & CEO
 6
