           Fellow Shareholders:
You own a portion of an American icon that is more than a financial services company. Allstate is a com- pany of caring individuals who help our customers obtain financial predictability, security and safety in an uncertain world. This team delivered outstanding results in 2006. We continued to grow by focusing on the consumer and earned record profitability. Overall risk levels were reduced in places where changing weather patterns and tough regulatory environments make it difficult to earn an acceptable return. Just as importantly, Allstate is well-positioned for the future, with a strong competitive position and an excellent leadership team.
  Edward M. Liddy Thomas J. Wilson
 Letter to Shareholders
Letter to Shareholders

         Our Success
Our year of record profits in 2006 continues our tradition of protecting share- holder capital while earning superior returns. Allstate’s market capitalization has tripled from $11 billion in 1994 to more than $40 billion at the end of 2006. In the same period, we have returned more than $19 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. That means that we have returned nearly two-thirds of our earnings directly to those who chose to invest in us.
Last year we built on that tradition of success. Our strong operational results generated an unprecedented $4.9 billion in operating income* for the corporation as well as record operating income from Allstate Financial. We delivered a 23.8 percent return on equity for shareholders while rewarding our employees with the maximum contribution possible—$1.50 for every $1.00 (up to 5 percent of eligible pay) that eligible employees contributed to their profit-sharing plan.
What lies behind these statistics? We were, of course, aided by lower catas- trophe losses. But even aside from this welcome relief, our dedicated team of associates performed extremely well by:
• Growing and strengthening the Allstate brand
• Offering innovative products in property-casualty and financial services
• Unveiling the next generation of claim processes and
• Raising customer satisfaction
Upon that foundation, we will build Allstate’s future, better serve our customers and provide our people the opportunity to grow and prosper.
     Leading the Way to Shareholder Value
Stock Price Appreciation (prices at year-end) Ed Liddy Tenure
Tom Wilson Tenure
                                         $14.75*
August 1994 Ed Liddy named COO; became president and COO in January 1995
January 1995 Tom Wilson joins Allstate as VP of Finance; elected CFO later that year
January 1999
Ed Liddy becomes chairman and CEO of the Allstate Corporation
January 1999 Tom Wilson appointed president of Allstate Financial
$65.11
June 2005 Tom Wilson named president and COO of The Allstate Corporation
Ed Liddy to re- main chairman of Allstate until spring
of 2008
January 2007 Tom Wilson becomes CEO of
The Allstate Corporation
                       October 2002
Tom Wilson named president of Allstate Protection
   *Adjusted for stock split in 1998.
    Read more online at www.allstate.com/annualreport.
*For a definition of this term, please see the Non-GAAP and Operating Measures card; also available online at www.allstate.com/annualreport/definitions.
              1993
1995
1997
1999
2001
2003
2005
2007
Letter to Shareholders

  Our Customers
We made progress in becoming a more consumer-focused company in 2006, during what proved to be a difficult year with multiple priorities. “Consumer focus” means listening to our customers, responding and innovating with products and services that exceed their expectations. We followed this path in 2006 with the highly successful roll-out of Allstate® Your Choice Auto and enjoyed premiums and deposits* of almost $1 billion with our Allstate® Treasury-Linked Annuities.
Customer loyalty also increased last year—even while we were reducing exposure to mega-catastrophes. We improved our customer loyalty score by increasing and strengthening our customer-contact programs, redesigning welcome packages and sending recognition packages to long-term customers. Our effort to reduce exposure to hurricane and earthquake risk was difficult for our agencies and left some customers unhappy that we could no longer protect their homes. To minimize the impact on these customers, we set up expanded market programs that allowed Allstate agencies to help customers obtain homeowner insurance from other companies.
We will continue to proactively protect and enhance our reputation by invest- ing in additional customer loyalty programs, helping customers find alternative homeowner coverage and seeking legislative solutions to mega-catastrophe risks. We must be successful in these efforts. Customer loyalty and satisfaction will be a key factor in driving future growth.
Our People
People are the key to our success and constitute a huge competitive advantage for us. Allstaters are honest, smart and caring people who treat others with dignity and respect. Every employee completes ethics and compliance training, which helps to protect and enhance the Allstate brand. Allstate is not simply a leading brand—it is the brand of a leader. And that’s because of our people. We put tremendous focus on recruiting, training, motivating and retaining top-per- formers so that our company stays strong. Last year we expanded the ranks of our agency owners by more than 500, and they in turn are hiring and expanding their staffs to serve more customers.
We also successfully planned and initiated several key leadership changes, including the seamless transition of CEO responsibilities. George Ruebenson now heads Allstate Protection after successfully leading our claim organization for five years and consistently delivering excellent results. After 11 outstanding years with the company, Casey Sylla decided to retire; we are thrilled to have Jim Hohmann now leading Allstate Financial. Jim was, most recently, president of Conseco, where he helped guide its post-bankruptcy rebuilding.
Another significant transition was the retirement from our board of directors of Edward Brennan, who served as a director from our inception as a public company in 1993 until he reached the mandatory retirement age for board
*For a definition of this term, please see the Non-GAAP and Operating Measures card; also available online at www.allstate.com/annualreport/definitions.
 Letter to Shareholders

                        members in 2006. His great integrity, experience and knowledge were invaluable in setting and keeping us on a successful course.
The diversity of our workforce brings us additional talent and perspective that enables us to better serve our diverse community of customers. We view diversity as an important element of our overall commitment to good corporate citizenship. Taking a stand on issues like teen driving and domestic violence demonstrates our commitment to helping people in need—which is after all the business we’re in.
Our Future
Allstate’s past successes provide the resources we need to successfully drive change in our industry for the benefit of our customers and shareholders. We will continue to evolve as a consumer-focused company that protects and prepares customers. Our consumer focus will not just enhance the Allstate brand, it will further differentiate us from the competition. Our people will continue to grow as we invest in them and create a culture that looks outward while rewarding success. As a result, we will continue to deliver outstanding results for our customers, shareholders and communities.
We thank you for your confidence. All of us at Allstate will reward that support with the dedication to making Allstate an even greater company.
Edward M. Liddy Thomas J. Wilson
Chairman President and Chief Executive Officer
Message from Edward M. Liddy: Choosing a Leader
I have shared the last 15 years with Tom Wilson. In that time, I’ve seen him grow and I’ve worked with him so that Allstate itself would prosper and grow.
Now, with Tom as CEO, we have successfully transitioned to the next genera- tion of leadership.
That is how it should be. The true legacy of a CEO lies in how he prepares the company for the leader who comes next. At the end of my tenure, we have moved smoothly to Tom’s leadership, continuing the professional values we hold funda- mental while searching for new business opportunities.
No CEO can do it alone. I’m proud to be among the 70,000 Allstaters that will now work with Tom. Knowing our team as I do, I am confident that we are on the right course: working together, with Tom as our CEO, to enable new levels of achievement.
The best is yet to come.
                      Letter to Shareholders
Letter to Shareholders
