                 The AllsTATe CorporATion noTiCe of 2009 AnnuAl MeeTing, proxy sTATeMenT And 2008 AnnuAl reporT
Fellow Shareholders,
Great companies fight through tough
times and come out stronger. Our 2008 financial results were significantly lower than the prior year’s due to an unusually high number of catastrophes and capital losses on the investment portfolio. Despite this, we remained financially strong and made progress on our strategy of reinventing protection and retirement for the consumer.
 
                 Allstate’s 2008 financial and operating results were a study
in contrasts. Financially, we ended the year well capitalized
and with substantial liquidity. However, our operating income* of $1.8 billion was 55% lower than the prior year’s, reflecting
a $1.9 billion increase in pre-tax catastrophe losses. Our well- diversified portfolio, which is largely in high-quality fixed income investments, generated $8.6 billion of cash — but a decline
in market valuations and the economic downturn resulted in $5.1 billion of pre-tax capital losses. Consequently, we reported a $1.7 billion net loss. Overall, these results were understandable but disappointing.
Operationally, we had a much better year than the financials indicated. We helped hundreds of thousands of customers recover after last year’s catastrophes. Our common-sense approach to catastrophe risk mitigation cut our losses from Hurricanes Ike and Gustav in half. The sale of the variable annuity business in 2006 enabled us to avoid the significant losses experienced by many competitors in 2008. A proactive investment strategy reduced our exposure to financial institutions, real estate, and common stocks, enhancing shareholder value by more than $500 million. We continued to reinvent our business by developing new products, implementing our next generation claims system, and improving customer-facing technology.
These financial results and a dramatic decrease in the equity markets led to a shareholder return of negative 34% in 2008, a result slightly better than the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index. We also reduced our dividend for the first quarter of 2009 to reflect lower 2008 earnings. Nonetheless, we remain committed to returning capital to shareholders, as reflected by the $7.0 billion paid in dividends and $15.7 billion in share repurchases over the last 10 years.
Looking to the future, we intend to increase shareholder value by staying focused on three goals:
• Keeping Allstate financially strong,
• Improving customer loyalty, and
• Reinventing protection and retirement for the consumer.
DECISIVE ACTION WILL KEEP ALLSTATE FINANCIALLY STRONG
Allstate will stay financially strong by proactively managing our investments and generating operating profits from Allstate Protection and Allstate Financial. We will continue to reduce our exposure to real estate investments and build on the success
of our portfolio risk mitigation and return optimization programs. The duration of our fixed income portfolio is being reduced to protect against the negative effects of a resurgence of inflation, even though this will lower our operating earnings. The significant holdings of investment-grade fixed income securities will be retained to capture potential gains when bond valuations return to more normal levels.
* For a definition of this term, please see the “Definition of Operating Income” on the first page following the proxy statement.
WE MUST IMPROVE CUSTOMER LOYALTY
Allstate’s Shared Vision is based on putting the customer at the center of our work. We set a high standard for loyalty at Allstate. Customers should be sufficiently satisfied with our service that they will not only renew, but also refer us to their friends and neighbors. In last year’s letter, I wrote: “We need to do a better job of exceeding our customers’ expectations.” We did not get this done in 2008. Rather than accept the status quo or look for excuses, we are pushing even more aggressively for improvement. To this end, we have modified the savings plan for Allstate employees so the incentive portion of the company’s contribution is based on customer loyalty. Every one of Allstate’s agencies and employees is vital to this goal, since you can hear a smile on the phone thousands of miles away.
REINVENTION REMAINS OUR TOP STRATEGIC PRIORITY
In this difficult environment, we must continue to pursue our strategy of reinventing for the consumer. We will use this opportunity to enhance our operational excellence and improve Allstate’s competitive position. New products and services will be based on feedback from targeted customers. Allstate will become even easier to work with as we offer the broadest array of ways for customers to reduce their risks.
We will also continue to invest in and motivate employees, agency owners, and exclusive financial specialists. People are
the key to success. It is the people in our agencies, claim offices, operation centers, and support functions who serve our customers and implement Our Shared Vision. Senior management is doing an excellent job of focusing resources, making hard decisions,
and operating as a team. As we have pushed to do more with less, many have been asked to expand their responsibilities and take
on new roles. Our customers will continue to benefit from these exceptional efforts of our team.
WE WILL MAKE A DIFFERENCE
Allstate has a responsibility to the broader community in which we work and live. The Allstate Foundation supported more than 3,000 organizations across the country in 2008. Employees and agency personnel participated in a wide variety of initiatives, including improving teen driving safety, addressing domestic violence, and providing safe and inclusive environments for children. I hope
you share the pride we all feel in Allstate when providing hope, freedom, and self-worth to the less fortunate. We also are involved in reshaping the federal regulatory system to reduce the chance of reliving the economic pain experienced during the last several years. We will make a difference. Allstate is a team with good values, outstanding capabilities, and a desire to compete and win. We will take the steps necessary to keep Allstate financially strong, improve customer loyalty, and reinvent protection and retirement. We will create shareholder value by making a difference in people’s lives.
Thomas J. Wilson
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
April 1, 2009
 
                 Financial Summary
              04 05 06 07 08 REVENUES
in billions of dollars
04 05 06 07 08 INSURANCE PREMIUMS
AND CONTRACT CHARGES
in billions of dollars
04 05 06 07 08 NET INCOME
(LOSS) PER DILUTED SHARE in dollars
               04 05 06 07 08 SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
in billions of dollars
04 05 06 07 08 BOOK VALUE PER SHARE
in dollars
04 05 06 07 08 RETURN
ON EQUITY
percent
 (9.7)
(3.07)
8.4
2.64
12.6
29.4
23.51
15.0
4.54
31.72 31.01
28.1 29.1
21.8 20.2
33.9 35.4
21.2
21.8 21.9
35.8 36.8
34.84 38.58
29.3 29.1 28.9
23.8
7.84 7.77

                                             WHY
HOW
           WHAT
      A source of strength in chAllenging times
our shared Vision provides the “why, how and what” behind everything we
do at Allstate. it leverages our strengths while providing the roadmap for our continued success. When we achieve this vision, we will truly put the customer at the center of everything we do. We will become an even more valuable company to our customers, associates, investors, our communities and society... a company with strong earnings potential and financial performance that sets the benchmark for our industry.
   our purpose
We are the Good Hands: We help people realize their hopes and dreams through products and services designed to protect them from life’s uncertainties and to prepare them for the future.
strategic vision
to reinvent protection and retirement for the consumer.
0ur values
• Honesty, caring and integrity • Inclusive diversity
• Engagement
• Accountability
• Superior performance
corporate goal
We will grow the value of our company for
our customers, our associates, our shareholders, our communities and society.
our principles
• Put the customer at the center of all of our work and provide the products and services they need in ways they want them.
• Take an enterprise view of our people and processes and work as a single team to advance Allstate rather than our individual interests.
• Provide superior returns to shareholders by growing and leveraging risk and return trade-offs.
• Focus relentlessly on those few things that will provide the greatest impact.
• Execute well-considered decisions with precision and speed.
• Hire carefully, develop and inspire aggressively, manage respectfully, empower, reward and celebrate appropriately.
• Be a learning organization.
our operating priorities
• Consumer focus
• Operational excellence
• Enterprise risk and return
• Capital management

                         22FEB200721350405
THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION 2775 Sanders Road Northbrook, Illinois 60062-6127
April 1, 2009
Notice of 2009 Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement
Dear Stockholder:
You are invited to attend Allstate’s 2009 annual meeting of stockholders to be held on Tuesday, May 19, 2009 at 11 a.m. local time, in the 8th floor auditorium of Harris Bank, Chicago, Illinois.
We encourage you to review the notice of annual meeting, proxy statement, financial statements, and management’s discussion and analysis provided in this booklet to learn more about your corporation.
Under Securities and Exchange Commission rules, we are providing most of our stockholders with the annual meeting materials via the Internet. By using this method of delivery, we are able to provide to you these important materials in an expedited manner, and reduce both our costs and the environmental impact of our annual meeting.
As always, your vote is important. You are encouraged to vote as soon as possible, either by telephone, Internet, or mail. Please use one of these methods to vote before the meeting even if you plan to attend the meeting.
Sincerely,
14MAR200818283772
Thomas J. Wilson
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
   