Letter to Shareholders

Fellow Shareholders, I believe people are the key to all success. All success emanates from people. Strategies, processes, machines and money are necessary ingredients but it is people who dream, initiate, create and maintain success.
Consequently, one of my responsibilities as CEO is to ensure Allstate has a diverse group of talented people. We made progress in 2007 despite a highly competitive environment and senior management retirements. Employees are embracing Our Shared Vision and believe in our direction. They earned good profit sharing company contributions. We did not do as well with Agency Owners, where satisfaction was down, reflecting a tougher competitive environment that led to lower growth and bonuses. Our senior management team is functioning well despite several significant retirements, most importantly the retirement of our Chairman, Ed Liddy. Ed's exceptional leadership has created significant shareholder value and led to one of the smoothest leadership transitions of a major corporation. I will miss him. our plan is to reinvent protection and retirement for the consumer Reinvent means to remake completely, to make anew. It will require us to operate outside of normal conventions by focusing more intently on the consumer. This will competitively differentiate Allstate and lead to long-term profitable growth. Your Choice Auto®, which provides customers with accident forgiveness and deductible rewards, has been a fabulous product reinvention, having sold more than 3.2 million policies. Our latest SM new product is Allstate Green , which addresses the reality that many consumers have to drive and buy insurance but don't want to pollute. We will push to reinvent all aspects of our business. Share the journey and fun with us by sending your ideas to reinventeveryday@allstate.com. great companies deliver great results This is my 14th year at Allstate and the competitive market conditions we experienced in 2007 were the toughest I have seen. Nevertheless, we delivered our second-highest annual profit ever! While we had solid earnings, we did not achieve our growth goals. Although increased competition is a part of the story, we need to do a better job of exceeding our customers' expectations. Solid operating performance did not translate into shareholder return. We paid $901 million of dividends, repurchased almost 10 percent of the outstanding shares, and book value per share increased 11 percent in 2007. Total shareholder return was a negative 17 percent versus a decline of 13 percent in the S&P Property Casualty index. We did come off a great year in 2006, when total shareholder return was 23 percent, but 2007 was disappointing. We will persevere and stay highly focused on raising the value of our company. 300 organizations have joined the coalition and legislation has passed the U.S. House of Representatives. Until such time as a viable national solution is implemented, we will continue to responsibly reduce our catastrophe exposure to be sure we are financially strong for all of our 17 million customer households. · We also must focus on keeping American workers competitive in this rapidly changing global economy. Globalization has helped America grow and prosper, is good for our investment portfolio and enables us to leverage a broader set of skills to deliver good value for our customers. Allstate supports lifelong learning and education so our country can continue to prosper. · Government accountability and transparency also must be improved. Allstate owns $25 billion of municipal bonds and has a vested interest in financially sound public entities. The SarbanesOxley Act of 2002 improved the accountability and transparency for our investments in the private sector. Similar legislation for government entities would improve our investments in the public sector.

The competitive market conditions we experienced in 2007 were the toughest I have seen. Nevertheless, we delivered the secondhighest annual profit ever.
Looking forward, continuation of a difficult operating environment in 2008 will play to our strengths. Our strategy of focusing on value and not just price in auto insurance enables us to invest in improving customer satisfaction and growth. Allstate Financial's goal of raising returns will continue to be a challenge but this is a better environment to provide retirement security. We have a high-quality, well-diversified portfolio that should enable us to weather a soft U.S. economy, the unwinding of excess leverage, and tumultuous financial markets. One of our challenges will be having the fortitude to quickly seize opportunities in the face of an uncertain future. leadership of allstate brings with it a responsibility to improve our society Businesses need to step up and drive positive change in America. Allstate will continue to lead positive change in our country: · We are waging a campaign to better prepare and protect America through a broad-based coalition called ProtectingAmerica.org. It is imperative that our country improve the way it deals with large catastrophes. More than

Businesses need to step
up and drive positive change

in America. Allstate will continue to lead positive change in our country.
The Allstate Foundation continues to help communities across America and more than 3,000 non-profit organizations. Our signature programs on teen driving and domestic violence have made meaningful differences in people's lives. I have had tears in my eyes as I listen to stories of domestic violence victims. We give out more than money; we provide hope and freedom.

allstate's future is bright Reinventing protection and retirement for the consumer will further strengthen one of America's most important financial institutions. We have the talent to deliver excellent shareholder returns. We will be bold and aggressive. We have the courage to take a stand and drive business and societal change. When we do this, a more diverse group of Americans will be included in our success. Along the way we will become better people. In the end, that will be the true measure of our success!

Since 1994, I've had the pleasure of helping grow and lead one of the finest corporations in America.
Allstate is an extraordinary company with an amazing heritage and the best employees and agencies in the business. I've always been proud of what we do and the excellence in which we do it. We help restore peoples' lives when bad things happen to them and we help them prepare for the future.

Thomas J. Wilson President and Chief Executive Officer

Serving our customers and shareholders has been a highlight of my personal and professional life. As I prepare to retire at the end of April, I do it with great confidence and satisfaction. I know that Allstate is in very good hands for the future. I thank you for the privilege and honor of serving you.

Edward M. Liddy Chairman

2007 at a Glance
This year was one of the most challenging economic, political and competitive environments Allstate has faced in several years. Against the backdrop of compressed margins in our market and a share price that closed the year 20 percent lower, our discussions with shareholders in 2007 centered on three primary areas of concern: the current state of the profit cycle in the property and casualty business; Allstate's sources of long-term growth; and our approaches to managing earnings volatility. navigating the profit cycle Maintaining profitability is essential to protecting shareholder value. Allstate is well positioned in a competitive personal lines market, with a combination of product differentiation, effective expense and risk management, superior service delivery and a powerful brand. Together, these capabilities add up to operating efficiency and good value for customers-- strengths that allow us to compete on a broader basis than price alone. Evidence of this can be seen in Allstate's Property-Liability combined ratio, which over time has outperformed the industry average regardless of industry profitability. Simply put, the Property-Liability combined ratio is the percent of premiums that goes to pay operating and claim expenses. The lower the number, the more profit the company is generating from its core business operations. Our Property-Liability combined ratio has been below 90 percent over the last two years--an underlying indication of our ability and commitment to shareholder value. Our belief is that this performance should ultimately translate into a stock price more in line with our historic range. As 2007 unfolded, competitive pressure in auto insurance steadily moderated. In the first quarter, large insurers filed substantially more price decreases than increases; by the third and fourth quarters, the opposite was true. The homeowners market is less competitive than auto insurance and is in transition as the industry copes with a rapid increase in risk of loss from megacatastrophes. In general, homeowner margins declined, but this was partly offset by the absence of large hurricanes. In homeowners, Allstate is focused on risk reduction and improving margins using the same capabilities that make us successful in auto insurance. We will continue to monitor the margin compression we saw in 2007 and adjust rates as needed in order to maintain our combined ratio. innovating for long-term growth Chances are, consumers don't associate the insurance industry with creativity, speed or innovation to meet their changing needs. We believe we can fundamentally change this, and create sustainable growth, by using Allstate's unique combination of brand, product differentiation and breadth, extensive distribution and operational strength. Our vision is to reinvent protection and retirement for the consumer. addressing earnings volatility In today's unpredictable economic and investment environment, reducing volatility in earnings is increasingly important. Historically, the single largest influence on earnings volatility for Allstate has been catastrophe losses from earthquakes and hurricanes. More than 12 years ago, we began taking steps to mitigate our exposure to catastrophes. In 2004 and 2005, as it became clear that the United States may be in a period of substantially greater hurricane risk due to warmer oceans, we significantly increased these efforts. We extensively purchased reinsurance to lower our risk of loss. We restructured coverage and pricing, changed policy language and raised rates. We also reduced our exposure by limiting new business and declining continuing coverage to some customers in some coastal areas, instead offering them alternatives from other insurance companies when we could. We also began advocating legislative changes, at both the state and federal levels, to help markets address increased risks. Of further concern for investors today is the earnings volatility of a financial services company's investment portfolio--in particular, the diversity, quality and productivity of its assets. Allstate's investment portfolio totals more than $118 billion and is highly diversified. It generates significant annual cash flow and has primarily high-quality fixed income investments that back up our liabilities.

