  Timeline of Key Initiatives
November 10, 1999
Announce plan to launch integrated consumer access to Allstate through
call centers and the Web, as well as the agency force; announce reorganization of multiple agency programs to a single exclusive agency independent contractor program.
November 10, 1999 – May 1, 2000
May 1, 2000
   4
Edward M. Liddy
Chairman, President and CEO
What are those strategies? Simply, to continue to strengthen our flagship insurance business while accelerating growth in financial products and services. Competition in our industry remains intense. Only the best strategies, properly executed, will enable companies to prosper. We think we have
the right formula to achieve that success.
Growth strategies
In 2000 we took a major step toward implementing those growth strategies by beginning the rollout of Internet and call center access. Customers in many states can visit allstate.com or call 1-800-Allstate
to buy insurance, pay premiums, report and track
a claim, check billing status and more. No other insurance Web site offers so many options, coverages and services. With our size, breadth and resources, it’s an approach few other insurance companies
can duplicate.
At the same time, online and call center customers can continue to utilize the experience and presence of a local Allstate agency. We call this multi-access approach–the ability to offer personal lines products across all three channels of distribu- tion (call centers, the Web and our agency force)–The Good Hands Network.
Agents are at the heart of The Good Hands Network. Extensive research shows that the vast majority of insurance buyers value the agent
Interview, hire and train hundreds of call center employees; establish online sales and service capabilities; develop market- ing and advertising to support The Good Hands Network; prepare for rollout of thousands of new computer workstations to Allstate agencies.
Launch The Good Hands Network integrated access approach in Oregon; open call center in Vernon Hills, Illinois.

   July 10, 2000
September 11, 2000 September 21, 2000
  Launch The Good Hands Network in Colorado and Louisiana; open call center in Charlotte, North Carolina; unveil revised allstate.com Web site.
Launch The Good Hands Network in Open call center in Stockton, California. Arizona, Illinois, Missouri and Ohio;
open call center in Woodridge, Illinois.
relationship. Our countrywide agency force—the foundation of our business for decades—is the centerpiece of our multi-access model. The Good Hands Network, by providing Allstate with more ways to reach consumers and for them to reach us quickly and conveniently, is designed to enhance the customer experience and create more durable and profitable customer relationships.
In order to leverage our investment in The Good Hands Network even more, we have undertaken a key strategic initiative to utilize our customer intelli- gence across all selling channels. For example, our Web site, call centers and agents all have access
to the same customer data. So no matter where a customer calls with questions or service requests,
we can respond accurately and consistently. Over time, we expect some questions and functions that agencies now handle will migrate to the Web
and call centers. This should help give agents
more time to focus on building better long-term relationships with their customers. That, in turn, should help them in their efforts to promote Allstate products, improve retention and build bigger, more profitable businesses.
Numerous milestones
As the timeline above shows, there were numerous milestones in building The Good Hands Network. By year-end 2000 the network was operational in
15 states representing about 40 percent of the U.S. population. We’ll build on this achievement in 2001 as we continue to roll out The Good Hands Network across the country.
To support The Good Hands Network and further generate profitable growth in the property- casualty business, we took a number of other important steps in 2000:
•Opened four Customer Information Centers around the country and hired and trained more than 800 Customer Insurance Professionals to staff them. They handled more than 370,000 calls, 48,000 in one week alone.
•Rolled out almost 20,000 new computer workstations to agencies, equipped with new software designed to improve the customer experience and integrate their offices with our online and call center channels.
• Centralized the company’s underwriting function, consolidated and streamlined the number of sales regions and upgraded our sales leadership structure.
• Developed new rate structures and underwriting guidelines to provide high lifetime value customers more and better pricing options and help Allstate attract more profitable business.
•Continued to explore ways to better manage the cost of claims while speeding service and improving cus- tomer satisfaction. For example, in Florida we began piloting state-of-the-art wireless transmission systems that allow field claim adjusters to update inspection
5

  September 28, 2000
November 2, 2000
November 20, 2000
 CNA Personal Insurance renamed Encompass Insurance, dedicated to becoming the brand of choice for independent agents.
Allstate Life Group of Companies renamed Allstate Financial Group to reflect the broader array of personal financial products and services offered through multiple channels of distribution.
Launch The Good Hands Network
in Georgia, Alabama, Maryland and Virginia.
and damage information and forward estimates instantly to our claim offices. Countrywide, Allstate’s 20,000 claim professionals settle more than 3.5 million claims a year, so improvements in the claim process can potentially generate substantial savings.
•Introduced Internet access for the Allstate network of independent agents who sell Allstate products, which reduces our costs and makes it easier for them to do business with us.
Another significant step last year was the com- pany’s reorganization of multiple agency programs to a single exclusive agency independent contractor program. Allstate’s exclusive agents operate as inde- pendent entrepreneurs and have more opportunity to profitably build their agencies. Many agents took advantage of this reorganization to purchase the departing agents’ economic interest in their books
of business, significantly expanding their agencies. Allstate exclusive agents remain the cornerstone of our business and provide a competitive advantage for us in serving customers professionally and personally.
Significant strides
Encompass Insurance, part of our Independent Agency Markets business, also made significant strides in 2000 toward its goal of becoming the brand of choice for independent agents. Encompass last year launched an aggressive marketing campaign to reinforce its commitment to and strengthen its identity among
independent agents and their customers. One measure of its success is that more than 99 percent of the Encompass agencies chose to stay with the brand, representing more than one million customers. Encompass is also taking advantage of Allstate’s economies of scale, through various integration initiatives, to generate millions of dollars in annual expense savings.
Providing assurance
2000 was also a banner year for our life business, with statutory premiums increasing 44.1 percent over 1999. To better reflect the company’s expanding product portfolio of financial products and services, last November Allstate Life and Savings was renamed Allstate Financial. As the U.S. population ages and more people seek financial advice and services, we are well positioned with new investment products and expertise to help consumers achieve the secure retirement they deserve. For example, the Putnam Allstate Advisor variable annuity, launched in 1999, produced $2 billion in statutory premiums in 2000, making it one of the most successful variable annuity launches in history. In effect, we’re moving from providing insurance to providing assurance that we can help our customers with their important invest- ment and retirement needs.
Allstate Financial has a razor sharp focus on tar- geting the retiree market as well as the vast and often
6

   December 11, 2000
Throughout the Year
  Launch The Good Hands Network in Indiana, Michigan, Florida and Tennessee.
Train and license thousands of personal financial representatives to sell financial service products as well as Allstate property, casualty and life insurance; plan 2001 online and call center launches in many of the remaining states where Allstate does business.
financially underserved segment of middle income consumers, many millions of whom view Allstate as a trusted name and partner in insurance and financial protection. To serve them better, about 3,300 Allstate agents and personal financial representatives are now licensed to offer variable annuities, variable life insur- ance and mutual funds. We estimate half the agency force will be licensed by 2002. In addition to Allstate agents, nearly 50,000 financial professionals, including independent agents, bank representatives and securities firms, distribute Allstate Financial products.
Solid financial position
For the corporation as a whole, 2000 was equally significant. We continued our expense-reduction initiative—launched in 1999 to generate $600 million in annual savings—in order to fund the technologies, training and marketing needed to support The Good Hands Network. Through prudent fiscal management, we continue to enjoy a solid financial position. At 14.4 percent, we have one of the highest returns
on equity in the insurance sector. The company has assets of $105 billion, and our high-quality $74 billion investment portfolio is a major contributor to our overall financial performance.
All in all, the year 2000 was pivotal for the company. We introduced innovative and important programs designed to position Allstate for profitable growth well into the future and to arm our agents
with technologies, products and services they can use to serve customers better than ever. We are expanding our footprint in financial services with more investment expertise and products to appeal to promising markets. And we strengthened our independent agency business to appeal to the huge segment of the insurance- buying public that prefers to do business this way. Our goal is to be the first name in insurance and financial services. We’re well on our way.
Helping us achieve that goal are the best employ- ees and agents in the business. In time of need, our customers turn to them. We don’t have a tangible product to sell. Our employees and agents are Allstate to our customers, and I am forever grateful for their hard work, dedication and belief in our vision.
One other significant milestone of 2000: Last year was the 50th anniversary of our You’re In Good Hands With Allstate tagline. It remains one of the top-rated ad slogans, embodying the extraordinary commitment of our workforce, and I’m proud to say it’s as true as ever—for shareholders, customers, employees and agents.
Edward M. Liddy
Chairman, President and CEO
 7
