 




 
Dear Shareholders,
2014 was a landmark year for Ally. It began with the launch of our initial public offering and concluded with
our exit from the Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP). In between these two key strategic events, we delivered solid financial results, grew o r
customer base and further diversified our business. In 2014, Ally emerged as a leading independent financial services company that is stronger and well-positioned to drive additional shareholder val e in the f t re.
While we are pro d of how far we have come and the strong foundation we have built, o r journey is really just beginning. We entered 2015 with the ability to write the next chapters of o r story and build upon o r strengths, without the overhang of legacy
issues. As the newly-appointed chief executive officer, I am energized by the opportunity and f t re potential we have in this company. I am also
 



fortunate to be surrounded by a dedicated associate base and a
supportive board of directors that, collectively, is focused on driving greater shareholder val e for the long-r n.
2014 Financial Results*
First, let me share some brief perspective on 2014 financial results. Last year we demonstrated consistent quarterly performance, progress toward greater efficiency and strength in o r core operations. Ally reported
$1.6 billion of core pre-tax income in 2014, excluding repositioning items,
 p 90 percent compared to the prior year, and increased net income to
$1.2 billion, p from $361 million the year before. We reported adjusted earnings per share of $1.68, and when considering the sale of o r China assets that closed in January 2015, o r tangible book val e increased over
$3 per share since the end of 2013.
 



We have also made significant progress in the areas of net interest margin expansion, expense reduction and regulatory normalization. These key areas of foc s are part of the plan that aims to improve profitability and target a minim m of 9 percent core ret rn on tangible common equity (ROTCE) by the end of 2015. Ally ended last year with a core ROTCE of
7.9 percent, compared to 3.1 percent in 2013.
Operationally, the company posted
$41 billion of cons mer a to originations, which was the highest level since 2007. This demonstrates the strength we have in the a to finance franchise. Retail deposits continued
to grow in 2014, along with the bank's customer base, leading to more efficient and cost-effective funding for the company.
Overall, it was a very strong year, and I am confident the foundation we now have in place will lead to enhanced returns going forward.
 
Strong Foundation
O r f t re potential begins with the strong foundation we have forged, which is centered on the competitive strengths we have in the direct banking and a to finance sectors. These strengths include developing and delivering category-leading financial products with a superior level of service. We have taken o r nearly 100 years of experience and knowledge in the a to finance business and married it with the high-to ch customer service philosophy and high-tech digital banking expertise o r retail banking franchise is known for, building a differentiated approach in financial services. And, this approach is gaining momentum.
Our retail banking platform at Ally Bank has continued its steady upward trajectory, growing retail deposits to
$48 billion in 2014 and just crossing over $50 billion in the first quarter of 2015. In addition, our deposit customer base grew 16 percent year-over-
year, to approximately 909,000 loyal, primary customers with satisfaction scores continually above 90 percent.
The deposit customer base has steadily increased at a rate of about 30,000 customers per  quarter  since we launched the bank in 2009, which demonstrates our access in the marketplace, as well as the shift in cons mer preferences toward direct banking. We believe we broke the mold six years ago with this franchise, and are committed to continuing to provide o r customers with an award-winning banking experience and outstanding
customer service.
While our a to finance operation may have a nearly 100-year history, the business we have today is quite different from where we began. We have spent recent years building a market-leading operation that has a
full spectrum of products, a high level of service, and dealer relationships that span decades. We have also demonstrated on many occasions the flexibility and fortitude of the
business to navigate a variety of market dynamics, including the shift away from manufacturer incentivized business.
In this regard, we accelerated o r diversification efforts in 2014 and achieved notable results. At year end, we had 10,000 active growth dealer relationships (non-GM/Chrysler), representing 20 percent of Ally's 2014 a to originations, which is an increase of 45 percent compared to the prior year. This is a testament to o r go-
to-market strategy and the val e we can deliver to a to dealers and their customers.
Supporting these well-positioned businesses are great people, loyal
customer relationships, and a strong heritage with a contemporary brand.
 

continued on next page



III
 
 

continued from previous page

 

Growth Mindset
Leveraging our foundation, we're now able to adopt a growth mindset and focus on further broadening and deepening o r customer relationships.
The Ally family of customers is more than 5 million strong, including approximately 17,000 a to dealers,
4.4 million a to consumers, and 909,000 bank deposit customers. These customers represent additional opportunity for o r business - and it is our job to unlock their potential. We believe it lies in building on o r digital banking expertise, leveraging our distinctive customer-centric approach
and optimizing our franchises to deliver more value from our existing engines. We are working to explore new and innovative opportunities in this regard that will continue to b ild on o r
reputation as a distinctive, customer- focused financial services company.
When we launched the Ally brand in 2009, we captured a unique position in the market and brought a fresh approach to financial services. Since then, Ally has become synonymous with innovation in direct banking and a superior consumer-value proposition. This is a unique and advantageous market position, and one we intend
to build upon. We are well-positioned
 

to capture additional val e as cons mer preferences continue to migrate toward the digital financial
services arena, and we will aim to give customers more reasons to want to do business with Ally for the products we offer, the val e we can deliver and the customer experience they will receive.
The service level and innovative approach that began at the bank has continued to infuse the rest of o r operations, including o r dealer
financial services business. We believe o r distinctive approach has strong appeal in this area of the market as well, and will be a key asset as we continue to broaden and diversify our business. We are off to a strong start in 2015 with o r growth efforts in a to finance, which is why we continue to believe there is opportunity to achieve cons mer originations pushing into the high $30 billion range this year.
The year ahead also includes
continuing to improve profitability and enhance shareholder val e. We are committed to the goals conveyed to o r shareholders last year, and while we've made significant progress, o r journey continues. We are off to a strong start, having received a non- objection from the Federal Reserve on o r capital plan, which will drive lower
 

funding costs in the future for Ally and contribute to o r ROTCE target for the year.
Underpinning our success in the past and o r optimism for the f t re is the strong and leading culture we have built at Ally. This culture drives the collaboration, creativity, curiosity and
innovation that will enable s to deliver for o r shareholders, customers and communities.
This is an exciting time in Ally's evolution: we can truly put the past
behind us and focus on the future. We are committed to delivering yo a more nimble, energetic and opportunistic Ally. One that seizes opportunities, grows and builds its customer base, and delivers on its competitive strengths.
I look forward to the year ahead and hope yo share in my excitement about Ally's bright future.
Thank yo for your continued support.

Chief Executive Officer
 


 
IV
