 dear
sharehol
The Ally team delivered exceptional financial and operational results in 2018, demonstrating the strength of the Ally brand and the underlying earnings power of our leading auto and digital bank franchises.
We achieved several milestones in 2018, including the highest Adjusted Total Net Revenue* and Adjusted EPS* since becoming a public company, while surpassing $100 billion of total deposits, a testament to the robust franchise we’ve built at Ally Bank. Our results reflect our deep industry expertise, resilient and customer-centric business model and strong alignment with consumer banking trends. As we enter 2019 and prepare to celebrate our 100th year in auto finance and 10th year since establishing Ally Bank, I remain optimistic about our ability to continue innovating and serving our customers while delivering strong shareholder value.
As I reflect on our performance, we skillfully navigated a variety of challenges to deliver these results, including tumultuous capital markets, a difficult interest rate environment, a highly competitive deposit market, and an uncertain political landscape. Our strategic focus on prioritizing the customer and our unrelenting commitment to ‘Do It Right’ guided us through this backdrop. At Ally, ‘Do It Right’ is more than just a tagline, it’s our promise to our stakeholders and the embodiment of how we strive to operate and serve our customers and communities each and every day.
* Represents a non-GAAP financial measure. These measures are used by management and we believe capital. Refer to the 2018 Financial Tables later in this document for a Reconciliation to GAAP.
ders,
are useful to investors in assessing the company’s operating performance and
 
   2018 ANNUAL REPORT
ALLY FINANCIAL 3
Operationally, our auto business had an outstanding year, posting $35.4 billion of consumer originations and growing pre-tax income by 12% relative to 2017. We have been successful in executing a very deliberate strategy to diversify the composition and sourcing of our auto originations while optimizing risk-adjusted returns. Along those lines, we’ve increased our non-RV dealer base, and the application volume we see from those dealers, every year since 2014. In 2018, we processed 11.6 million applications, or more than 30,000 applications on average every day. Our Growth channel1 accounted for 46% of our consumer originations in 2018, compared to just 20% in 2014, strong evidence that Ally’s best-in-class service and superior product suite appeal to dealers across all OEMs. We are
a comprehensive finance
provider for our dealers
and customers, with a
nationwide platform and
full spectrum of products,
including our insurance
offerings. Our insurance
business had a great year in
2018, posting strong written
premium growth while
diversifying its dealer base
and introducing new and
innovative products under the
Ally Premier Protection brand.
Our corporate finance business also posted solid results, with total assets growing 17% while experiencing strong credit performance across a highly diversified middle-market portfolio. The attractive risk-adjusted return profile of this business, along with our expertise
in secured lending, aligns well with our commercial product offerings. We expect corporate finance to be
a source of enhanced returns and profitability in the future.
Our retail deposit business was resilient in the face of heightened competition, growing balances $11.2 billion while adding 230 thousand customers, the highest annual customer growth we’ve seen since the inception of Ally Bank, while finishing 2018 with over 1.6 million retail deposit customers. I’m excited about the investments we’ve made over the past two years to better serve our customers. Ally Home and Ally Invest made considerable
progress in 2018 with increased originations and account openings. In our first full year offering a diversified and cohesive product suite to our banking customers, we saw encouraging progress, including significant growth in customers using multiple Ally products. The revenue trends and customer growth serve as affirmation that these products align with customer preferences to have simple, convenient offerings, coupled with strong customer service levels. These are cornerstones of our approach at Ally, and we expect momentum to continue from here.
Our operational performance, along with our disciplined risk management and efficient capital deployment
with our compelling culture and business model I see a substantial runway for growth and a business that reflects the future of banking
* Represents a non-GAAP financial measure. These measures are used by management and we believe are useful to investors in assessing the company’s operating performance and capital. Refer to the 2018 Financial Tables later in this document for a Reconciliation to GAAP.
1 Growth channel defined as originations from non-GM/Chrysler dealers and direct-to-consumer loans
strategy, translated to excellent top-line and bottom-line financial results in 2018. Adjusted Total Net Revenue* exceeded $6.0 billion for the first time since our IPO, while Adjusted EPS* increased 39% to $3.34 and Core ROTCE* expanded 256 basis points to 12.3%. We remained committed to distributing capital to our owners, returning $1.2 billion to common shareholders through dividends and share repurchases in 2018, up 26% versus the prior year, while reducing outstanding share count by 7.4%.
As I enter my fifth year as CEO of Ally, I’m continually amazed by the transformation I’ve seen over such a short period of time. We’ve evolved from a privately- held, majority wholesale funded, auto finance lender to a publicly traded, majority deposit-funded, digital financial services company. The one constant during that time, however, has been a culture that is committed to innovation, diversity and the empowerment of every Ally team member. We strive to put the customer at the center of everything we do, every day. With our compelling culture and business model I see a substantial runway for growth and a business that reflects the future of banking. As we move forward, I remain confident as ever in our ability to deliver significant value to our customers, communities, and shareholders.

  2018 ANNUAL REPORT ALLY FINANCIAL 4
2018 financial results
Ally delivered strong financial results in 2018 as we successfully executed our strategy to expand our retail deposit franchise, optimize our auto finance business, and return significant capital to common shareholders. Consequently, we posted the best results since becoming a public company across multiple financial and operational metrics.
Adjusted Total Net Revenue* increased $175 million to $6 billion in 2018, driven by the expansion of retail auto and commercial auto yields, strong earning asset growth, and further optimization of our funding profile, highlighted
by the reduction of high-
cost legacy debt and higher
deposit balances. Retail auto
and commercial auto portfolio
yields increased by 34 bps
and 77 bps, respectively, and we expect further expansion of retail auto portfolio yields given the strong yields originated during 2018 and the short-duration nature of our balance sheet. Earning assets increased over $10 billion at the end of 2018 compared to year-end 2017, driven by growth in our auto and mortgage businesses as well as the expansion of our investment securities portfolio.
We continued to drive higher deposit balances while minimizing funding from the wholesale markets. I’m very proud of surpassing $100 billion of total deposits in 2018, ultimately finishing the year at $106.2 billion, up $12.9 billion for the year. Magnifying the benefit of these deposits is the structural roll-down of our unsecured debt footprint. In 2018, we had $3.6 billion of institutional
unsecured debt mature at a weighted average coupon of 4.3%. We have another $3.7 billion scheduled to mature during 2019 and 2020 with
a weighted average coupon of 5.3%, providing a tailwind to net financing revenue over the coming years. In total,
our deposit philosophy remains consistent - maintain balanced growth and pricing while leveraging the secular trends in digital banking to drive more
customers to the Ally brand. Longer term, as we approach our stated goal of deposits representing 70% to 75% of our funding profile, we expect to have greater opportunity to optimize the financial benefits of our deposit base.
we posted the
best results since becoming a public company across multiple financial and operational metrics
 * Represents a non-GAAP financial measure. These measures are used by management and we believe are useful to investors in assessing the company’s operating performance and capital. Refer to the 2018 Financial Tables later in this document for a Reconciliation to GAAP.

  2018 ANNUAL REPORT
ALLY FINANCIAL
5
ADJ. EPS*
+98%
RETAIL DEPOSIT CUSTOMERS2
+93%
ADJ. TANGIBLE BOOK VALUE PER SHARE*2
+$8.45
CORE ROTCE*
+445bps
TOTAL DEPOSITS2
+$50b
FYE 2018 FYE 2014
$3.34 $1.68
1.65M 0.85M
$29.93 $21.48
12.3% 7.9%
$106.2B
$56.1B
     12/31/2018 6/30/2014
    12/31/2018 6/30/2014
    FYE 2018 FYE 2014
     12/31/2018
* Represents a non-GAAP financial measure. These measures are used by management and we believe are useful to investors in assessing the company’s operating performance and capital. Refer to the 2018 Financial Tables later in this document for a Reconciliation to GAAP.
2 Metrics reflect growth from June 30, 2014, the quarter-end subsequent to Ally’s IPO, through December 31, 2018.
6/30/2014

  2018 ANNUAL REPORT
ALLY FINANCIAL 6
AUTOMOTIVE FINANCE
Our auto finance business delivered strong risk-adjusted returns in 2018 through prudent diversification and sound risk management. We leveraged our national scale and strong dealer relationships to gain share in the used vehicle financing market. Pre-tax income increased 12% to $1.4 billion driven by strong asset growth and higher consumer and commercial revenue. Estimated retail auto originated yield3 for 2018 increased by 83 bps to 7.07% on $35.4 billion of consumer originations. The expansion of retail auto and commercial auto yields came against a backdrop of disciplined underwriting and strong credit performance, with the 2018 retail auto net charge-off rate declining 15 bps to 1.33%. Additionally, we remained consistent in the market, with our nonprime originations, defined as loans with a FICO score of less than 620, representing 10% of volume in both 2017 and 2018, while the average FICO score on 2018 retail originations was 689, just 1 point below our 2017 vintage.
With approximately 17,900 dealer relationships across all 50 states and 100 years of experience in the auto finance business, we have the ability to quickly pivot across geographies and products in response to shifting competitive landscapes. In 2018, we decisioned 11.6 million consumer applications, which drove the increase in full-year origination volume. Our growth in application and origination volume reflects the strength of our unique value proposition in the auto finance market, where
we go beyond traditional consumer and commercial financing and insurance products. We also provide comprehensive automotive remarketing services, including the use of SmartAuction, our online auction platform, which efficiently supports dealer-to-dealer and other commercial wholesale vehicle transactions. SmartAuction, which was used to sell 281,000 vehicles to dealers and other commercial customers in 2018, provides diversified fee-based revenue and serves as a means of deepening relationships with our dealership customers.
During 2018, used volume increased $2.5 billion to $18.2 billion while the Growth channel accounted for a record 46% of our consumer origination volume, evidence of our
successful diversification efforts. Beyond our longstanding GM and Chrysler relationships, our ability to diversify across all OEMs at this scale demonstrates the strength of our customer service, product offerings, Dealer Rewards program, and deep industry knowledge.
Several years ago, we identified used vehicle financing as an attractive opportunity to expand risk-adjusted returns given the competitive dynamics and risk profile of that market. In 2018, used vehicles accounted for a record 52% of our consumer originations and we remain upbeat on the ability to drive returns in the used vehicle market. Our approach is targeted at the upper-end of the used market, with a focus on newer vehicles, including certified pre-owned, and primarily sourced through franchised dealers. Consequently, the FICO differential between our new and used originations was approximately 20 points compared to a differential of more than 50 points4 for the overall industry.
In addition to our retail auto finance operations, our commercial auto business had a terrific year, increasing total financing revenue $210 million year-over-year to $1.5 billion. Serving automotive dealers is foundational to who we are, and we’ve grown non-RV dealer relationships every year since 2014, while continuing to expand our relationships with existing dealers and steadily making inroads with newer Growth channel dealers. In addition to expanding commercial auto portfolio yield by 77 bps, 2018 marked the eighth consecutive year in which commercial auto portfolio losses have been less than or equal to two basis points. We remain forward-looking in how we position our business, as evidenced by our relationships with innovative players in the industry, and our in-house direct-to-consumer auto offering, ClearLane. The industry continues to evolve, and as we’ve always done, we are positioning ourselves for long-term success.
3 Estimated Retail Auto Originated Yield is a forward-looking non-GAAP financial measure determined by calculating the estimated average annualized yield for loans originated during the period.
4 Source: Experian State of the Auto Finance Market (4Q2018).

    we leveraged our national scale and strong dealer relationships to gain share in the used vehicle financing market
USED VEHICLES ACCOUNTED FOR A RECORD
52%
of our consumer originations in 2018

   2018 ANNUAL REPORT
ALLY FINANCIAL
8
      INSURANCE
Our insurance business had another solid year, with total written premiums up 18% to $1.2 billion. Vehicle service contract volume steadily increased, and
we saw strong growth in new non-GM relationships. In 2018, we renewed our agreement to serve as
a preferred insurance provider for Subaru while closing out a successful year serving as the preferred vehicle service contract and protection plan provider for GM Canada. Our insurance franchise is an important complement to our auto finance business and a difference maker in allowing us to provide a full suite of products to our dealer customers. As we grow written premiums, expand Growth channel relationships, and introduce new products, we expect Ally Insurance to remain a critical part of our dealer-facing strategy.
GROW WRITTEN PREMIUMS
INTRODUCE NEW PRODUCTS
EXPAND GROWTH CHANNEL RELATIONSHIPS
                  ALLY INSURANCE

  2018 ANNUAL REPORT
ALLY FINANCIAL 9
CORPORATE FINANCE
Our corporate finance business experienced strong growth in 2018 and represents an attractive opportunity to grow risk-adjusted returns in the future. The corporate finance team, which provides senior secured leveraged cash flow and asset-based loans to mostly U.S.-based middle market companies, has significant industry experience, a proven track record, and strong financial sponsor relationships. Our average net charge-off rate since 2006 has been approximately 10 basis points, and we’re prudently growing our portfolio. The investments we made in the business in 2017, including expanding into new industry verticals and the hiring of key talent, paid dividends in 2018, with pre-tax income increasing 26% to $144 million. Our diversified held-for-investment portfolio increased 19% to $4.6 billion in 2018, while experiencing a net charge-off rate of only seven basis points. While corporate finance will continue to be
a growth engine for Ally moving forward, we remain cognizant of the headwinds within the leverage finance market and will remain disciplined.
DIVERSIFIED HFI PORTFOLIO
+19%
to $4.6 billion in 2018
   NET FINANCING REVENUE
+$47m
year-over-year
MORTGAGE FINANCE
Our mortgage business saw 2018 pre-tax income more than double from $20 million to $45 million, while net financing revenue increased by $47 million year-over- year. Total assets increased $3.5 billion to $15.2 billion, driven primarily by bulk mortgage purchases. In the second half of 2018, direct-to-consumer origination volume, through our Ally Home platform, began to accelerate. Mortgage is a large addressable market and remains an attractive growth opportunity for us as well as a value-added way to deepen customer relationships.

  2018 ANNUAL REPORT ALLY FINANCIAL 10
investment
thesis
STRONG FINANCIAL RESULTS
I’m pleased to report that our strong financial and operational performance met or exceeded our expectations across the board in 2018. While historically low unemployment, tax reform and a strong consumer benefited our bottom line, it was our measurable improvement across our business units and prudent capital deployment strategy that drove our results. These solid operating results, along with strong credit performance and judicious capital management actions, helped us achieve the targets we provided to investors in early 2018 and subsequently revised higher in the third quarter for full-year 2018 results. Against that guidance, our Core ROTCE* of 12.3% and Adjusted EPS* growth of 39% were in line with our targets. Our portfolio experienced solid credit performance driven by consistent underwriting, a healthy consumer, and enhanced collections capabilities, pushing provision for loan losses down 20% in 2018, stronger than our target. These same dynamics benefited our retail auto net charge-off rate, which ended 2018 at 1.33% relative to a target of below 1.40%. Our top-line performance, including net financing revenue and Adjusted Other Revenue*, were also in line with our targets. Lastly, we remained disciplined on expenses while still supporting our core businesses and investing in growth, with noninterest expense increasing 5% year-over-year, directly in the middle of our target range.
our strong financial and operational performance met
or exceeded our expectations across the board in 2018
 * Represents a non-GAAP financial measure. These measures are used by management and we believe are useful to investors in assessing the company’s operating performance and capital. Refer to the 2018 Financial Tables later in this document for a Reconciliation to GAAP.

  2018 ANNUAL REPORT ALLY FINANCIAL 11
        RETAIL DEPOSIT CUSTOMERS
>1.6m
 POWERFUL AUTO FINANCE & DEPOSIT FRANCHISES
I view our auto finance business and deposit franchise as the stable foundation around which we continue to expand into new consumer and commercial products. We’ve been in the auto business for 100 years and have national scale, leading capabilities, and deep and longstanding dealer relationships, all of which contribute to our leading market position as we serve more than 4 million auto finance customers and approximately 17,900 dealers. Our deposit franchise set the stage for
what a digital customer-centric bank should look like when it was established in 2009, while collecting countless accolades along the way. This allowed us to expand to over 1.6 million retail deposit customers, while achieving 36 consecutive quarters of double-digit year-over-year retail deposit growth. Simply put, these are two powerful businesses that underpin our financial path and provide us with brand recognition and a large customer base as we introduce new and innovative products and services.

  2018 ANNUAL REPORT
ALLY FINANCIAL 12
OUTSTANDING SHARE COUNT (IN MM)
500
400
300
TOTAL CAPITAL RETURNED TO COMMON SHAREHOLDERS ($ IN MM)
$1,200 $1,000 $800 $600 $400 $200
                                 200 2016 2017 2018 $0
EFFICIENT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
2016 2017 2018
  Our capital management strategy at Ally balances returning capital to shareholders with investing in our businesses. In an environment where the pressures of short-termism are pervasive, we spend significant time analyzing and discussing how we can deliver the most value to our shareholders over the long-term. We are well-positioned to leverage our brand and national scale to create and grow new businesses in response to our customers’ demands. Meanwhile, our stock continued to trade below book value throughout most of 2018, creating compelling opportunities for share repurchases. Given those two dynamics, we prioritized our customers, ensuring we were providing them with the products and user experience they expect and then taking advantage of the market opportunity
to repurchase our shares. We believe this is the best approach for our shareholders, allowing us to drive
profitability by investing in our businesses while also returning significant capital. In 2018, we spent $939 million repurchasing 35 million shares while raising our dividend from $0.12 per share in 4Q2017 to $0.15 per share in 3Q20185. Overall, we returned $1.2 billion to common shareholders in 2018, equivalent to more than 10% of our average market capitalization. Since we started returning capital to our shareholders in mid-2016, we’ve repurchased over 86 million shares, reducing share count by 16.3%, while increasing our common dividend four times5. Going forward, we will continue to provide our core businesses with what they need to maintain their leading market positions and generate attractive risk-adjusted returns, while also supporting our growth businesses and actively returning capital to our shareholders.
5 On January 14, 2019, Ally declared a common dividend of $0.17 per share, reflecting a $0.02 increase relative to its 4Q2018 dividend payment.

  2018 ANNUAL REPORT
ALLY FINANCIAL 13
POSITIONED FOR THE FUTURE
While I’m proud of the financial results we posted in 2018, I’m also excited about the initiatives we undertook and the investments we made to drive strong and sustainable profitability in the future. We continued to prudently enhance the capabilities and customer experience within our Ally Invest and Ally Home businesses and saw encouraging customer trends in both franchises. As
the largest branchless bank in the United States, we understand the importance of the digital user experience, and we made smart investments across both our core and growth businesses to provide Ally customers with best-in-class service. We rolled out new functionality within Ally Invest, enhanced the fulfillment process
at Ally Home, leveraged machine learning within our deposits business, and made improvements to our auto underwriting and servicing capabilities.
Positioning for the future, however, is more than fostering innovation and creating a path toward sustainable and
profitable growth - it’s also about maintaining the trust of our customers and keeping their money and data safe. As a company, we remain intensely focused on protecting customer data. Cybersecurity is a foundational element of our enterprise risk management and an obligation of every Ally associate. The tone comes from the top, and along with crisis management simulations and testing, mandatory training modules, and monthly phishing exercises for employees, our Board of Directors and management team consistently convey our organizational commitment to data privacy and cybersecurity.
Our focus on safety and soundness extends beyond cybersecurity. Our strong capital and liquidity profile, coupled with our expertise in managing credit through many cycles, enables us to focus on what we do best – serve as a trusted financial provider to our customers while providing innovative solutions and exceptional service.
cybersecurity is a foundational element of our enterprise risk management and an obligation of every ally associate
 
  2018 ANNUAL REPORT
ALLY FINANCIAL 14
  tirelessly innovate
  do right
  obsess over the customer
SERVING WITH A PURPOSE
I believe a strong culture serves as the foundation for strong operational results, which ultimately drives strong financial performance and enhanced long-term returns for our owners. Our brand is a reflection of our culture and is centered around three simple pillars: Do Right, Tirelessly Innovate and Obsess Over the Customer. We’re committed to constantly creating and reinventing with the singular purpose of making a real difference in the lives of our customers.
Investing in the communities where we live and
work is critical to improving the financial wellbeing of our customers. Consequently, upon enactment of tax reform in 2017, we announced an increase to our philanthropic giving of $6 million to better support our local communities. During 2018, our corporate citizenship priorities shifted from a focus on financial literacy toward a focus on long-term economic mobility that addresses generational poverty. This is a crucial societal issue that resonates with all of us at Ally. As a digital bank with no brick and mortar footprint, we are very purposefully accessible to everyone, providing financial products fairly and transparently from coast to coast. Through both monetary support, including strategic investments, as well as volunteerism, our
actions and initiatives strive to make a genuine impact on people’s lives and their ability to improve their income through economic mobility.
Ally has been an engaged and committed corporate citizen for a long time, and I’m excited to share that we now have a comprehensive report that highlights our philosophy and accomplishments in this arena. In 2018, we released our inaugural Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) report, showcasing how we serve as relentless allies to create positive social impact while underscoring our commitment to do right for our customers, communities, colleagues, and shareholders.
Our ability to serve our customers and communities starts and ends with our 8,200 employees. Ally’s programs, processes and policies help our associates embrace a purpose-driven career that is owned by the employee while being supported by a host of career tools, a mentoring program, holistic benefits, and lots of recognition. As a result, Ally colleagues are highly engaged and our employee engagement scores evidence this – Ally improved upon its 2017 results and scored six points above the industry average in 2018.

  2018 ANNUAL REPORT ALLY FINANCIAL 15
looking ahead
Our business reflects the future of banking. Over half of our new deposit customers in 2018 were millennials, a digitally-savvy demographic segment that is expected to benefit from an intergenerational wealth transfer of $30 trillion6, driving financial services for decades. The relationships we’re establishing today will continue to grow and deepen as we enhance our new products and improve our digital capabilities, supporting the growth of Ally moving forward.
ally reflects the
future of banking,
and I couldn’t be more excited to build on our momentum in 2019 as the leading digital bank
It’s said that imitation is the sincerest form of flattery. We view the multitude of financial institutions, both new and old, that have emulated our digital and customer-centric approach to banking as the ultimate compliment, and affirmation of what we’ve known for a long time. Since we started Ally Bank in 2009, we’ve always been forward looking. We understood that customers want a fair and transparent digital
banking experience with competitive rates from
an organization that not only has a higher purpose and commitment beyond its financial results, but clearly demonstrates that commitment in its actions. Ally reflects the future of banking, and I couldn’t be more excited to build on our momentum in 2019 as the leading digital bank.
In closing, I want to express my deep appreciation
to the Board of Directors for their invaluable wisdom and guidance. I also want to thank my senior leadership team and our 8,200 teammates for their hard work and dedication. Our results in 2018 are a direct reflection of your collective efforts and commitment to serving our customers.
Lastly, thank you to all fellow shareholders for your continued support of Ally. I remain humbled and honored to lead this company on your behalf.
JEFFREY J. BROWN
Chief Executive Officer
  6 Source: Accenture. The “Greater” Wealth Transfer – Capitalizing on the Intergenerational Shift in Wealth, 2015.
