 06 AUTOLIV2015/PRESIDENT'SLETTER
 Dear Shareholder,
2015 was a year of rapid growth and solid execution for Autoliv. In a year characterized by numerous external changes, we successfully exceeded our growth and margin expectations and delivered solid shareholder returns. We also executed on our mergers and acquisition strategy, signing agreements that will allow us to further ex- pand our future product portfolio.
Our organic sales grew by 8% in a year during which light vehicle production (LVP) increased by 1.5%. This marked the third consecu- tive year in which Autoliv outgrew light vehicle production by at least two-to-one. The year was also characterized by balanced growth, with Europe, North America and Active Safety making particularly strong contributions. In Active Safety, we surpassed $600 million in sales, beating our original 2015 active safety sales target by more than $100 million. Our returns to shareholders totaled $300 million and we made progress in creating an effective balance sheet, exiting 2015 with a leverage ratio of 0.4.
We achieved all of this by working together as one team, and I would like to thank each and every one of our 64,000 associates for their dedication and commitment to Autoliv.
QUALITY FIRST
Autoliv’s strategy rests on three pillars: quality, one product-one process and innovation. Quality must always come first. 2015 marked another year of record-breaking recalls in the automotive industry and as the world leader in automotive safety, putting quality first is our only pos- sible way forward. This focus on quality has been a key contributor to our market-leading position in passive safety, where we now command a market share of nearly 40%. At the same time, we were involved in only about 1% of the safety-related recalls in the industry; an important indicator that we are delivering on our quality strategy. We are now tak- ing the next steps in our quality development, focusing on achieving zero defects in our operations. We are also developing solutions for the future under the “Real Life Safety” concept. This concept takes the real-world traffic situations experienced by today’s and tomorrow’s drivers into ac- count, rather than focusing exclusively on the requirements contained
OUR STRATEGY TO STAY AHEAD - INVEST FOR THE FUTURE
in rules and regulations. This allows us to deliver solutions that work, in all conditions, for all drivers. This approach is particularly important in the relatively new field of preventive safety, where we aim to avoid ac- cidents by using active safety technologies, such as cameras and radars.
We are also continuing to invest in our manufacturing capability, as well as our technology and product portfolio in order to maintain and further strengthen our leadership position. Together, these actions will dramatically reduce fatalities and injuries and advance us toward our ambition of saving 150,000 lives annually.
We do this while keeping all of our stakeholders in mind: our share- holders, to whom we strive to deliver solid returns in a sustainable way; our customers, to whom we provide world-leading products and solu- tions that help them to design and produce the safest and most innova- tive vehicles in the world; the car-driving public, to whom we provide the security of sitting in a car with world-leading safety products; our employees, to whom we strive to provide a safe, leading work environ- ment and opportunities to grow and develop; and society as a whole, which we help to save more than 30,000 lives and prevent ten times as many serious injuries every year. All of this is done in a manner that takes sustainability and the environment into account. (Read more about this in our expanded sustainability section on pages 34-37.)
2015 IN REVIEW
Our continued strong organic growth shows the underlying strength of our growth strategy. 2015 was different from previous years. China, one of our strongest growth drivers in previous years, experienced a period of stagnating LVP growth around mid-year and we had to implement swift measures in order to maintain our efficiency. We were also affected by various specific factors, such as a temporarily unfavorable product mix. Underpinned by government stimuli, growth returned in the latter part of the year and we were able to capture our fair share by growing nearly 12% organically in China in the fourth quarter.
Another important driver in 2015 was the sale of inflators used to replace faulty ones provided by another supplier. In 2015, sales of these inflators contributed more than 1% to our organic growth. The situation continues to evolve and we expect to deliver replacement inflators at least into 2017.
It was also encouraging to see European vehicle production re- turning to growth in 2015. Driven by year-over-year increases in light vehicle sales, production in Western Europe grew by 7%, allowing us to deliver healthy organic growth of nearly 10% in Europe.
We continued to enjoy significant growth in active safety. In previ- ous years, Europe was essentially the sole growth driver for active safety, but we are now seeing growth driven by the US, as well as
  US$ (Millions)
1,000 800 600 400 200 0
2011
CAPEX
2012
2013
RD&E
2014
% ALV Sales
2015
%
14 12 10 8 6 4 2 0
                              
 "Our future ambition is to save
07
Jan Carlson, Chairman, President & CEO
 150,000 people's lives every year. For us it's all about saving lives and creating value."
 signs of increasing active safety sales in Japan and initial sales in China.
In our operations, we continued to implement the capacity align- ment program in Europe. We expect 2015 to be the last year to be charged with exceptional costs for our European restructuring pro- gram and we will now focus our efforts in the years ahead on com- pleting the plan.
We are continuing to make significant investments in manufactur- ing infrastructure and technology. We firmly believe this to be the right strategy for meeting the growing demands in passive safety, as well as securing long-term, sustainable new business in active safety as demand shifts toward higher automation in vehicles and ultimately, autonomous driving. We are well positioned and we continue to build our business proposition brick by brick.
As part of our efforts to add technology building blocks for the future, we implemented our M&A strategy. Over the course of the year, we signed an agreement with Volvo Car Corporation for im- portant intellectual property that provides us with advanced active safety features. We also acquired the automotive safety business of MACOM, which provides positioning-related technologies. Again, this gives us access to key technologies for the next generation of active safety-related products. In September, we entered into a preliminary joint venture agreement with Nissin Kogyo (closure expected around the end of the first quarter of 2016), a Japanese supplier of brake and brake control systems. This arrangement will provide Autoliv with a firm foothold in this area, something that has been a strategic priority for some time.
SHAREHOLDER RETURNS
In 2015, the S&P index declined by around 1%, and the OMX all shares index in Stockholm, where Autoliv’s SDRs are listed, increased by 6%. The Autoliv share outperformed the respective indexes by 18% and 22%, respectively. Autoliv returned a total of $300 million to its share- holders through share repurchases and regular quarterly dividends. We continued to manage our leverage to achieve an effective balance sheet and, after exiting the year with a leverage ratio of 0.4, we intend to continue to manage our leverage within our communicated range of 0.5 to 1.5 times net debt to EBITDA, which we believe to be an ef- fective long-term capital structure for the company.
DELIVERING ON END-OF-DECADE TARGETS
Our core focus now is to execute according to the plan laid out at our
Capital Markets Day in October 2015. This includes delivering on our end-of-decade targets:
• Become a $12 billion company with an ambition to grow up to $15 billion 1);
• Improve overall operating margins towards the end of the decade 2); and
• Grow earnings per share faster than sales 3).
In 2016, with zero defects as our direction, particular focus will be placed on the next steps in our quality development: continued growth; rapid technology and corresponding R&D investments in ac- tive safety to support a shift toward autonomous driving; continued strong execution in our passive-safety business to capture further market shares; and integration of the strategically important M&A initiatives launched in 2015, which include welcoming new employees to the Autoliv family.
OUTLOOK FOR 2016
According to IHS, global LVP is expected to grow by 3.1% in 2016. Autoliv anticipates full-year organic sales growth of about 5%. Con- solidated sales are expected to grow by more than 2%, since effects from currency translations are expected to be negative in an amount of about 3%. The expectation for the adjusted operating margin is more than 9%, excluding costs for capacity alignments and antitrust matters. This outlook excludes any effects from the planned joint venture with Nissin Kogyo.
We are continuing to execute our long-term plan for the future, our vision “Saving More Lives” and our mission “Being the leading safety systems supplier for the future car, well integrated with autonomous driving, these focus areas motivates and moves us forward".
Yours sincerely,
Jan Carlson
Stockholm, February 19, 2016
 For a discussion of the non-U.S. GAAP measure discussed above, see page 45.
1) Based on August 2015 LVP outlook, FX-rates and pricing pressure and recently announced transactions. 2) Excluding costs related to antitrust matters. 3) Excluding costs related to antitrust matters, includes planned Nissin Kogyo Joint Venture.
