To our Shareholders
2001 was the year we took comprehensive initiatives to further implement cost reductions to address the downturn in vehicle production. The key elements of our plan were the following: - Closure of airbag cushion fabrication in Sweden and move to Poland. - Closure of airbag cushion fabrication in Utah and move to Mexico. - Streamlining of our Dutch assembly plant. - Reduction of overhead in our two Seat Sub-Systems plants and writeoff of impaired non-performing assets within this business. - Partial integration of former OEA`s Denver operations with our main U.S. inflator operations in Ogden, Utah. The package is estimated to improve future operating results by $20­25 million annually. Since these actions in large part were completed in 2001, we should realize close to the full potential of the annual savings already in 2002. 2001 also marked the retirement of our chairman Gunnar Bark. Mr. Bark was instrumental in the building of Autoliv from a $20 million company mainly in Sweden to the world's leading safety supplier it is today. Expanding Operations In North America, Autoliv's plant for Inflatable Curtains (IC) in Tilbury, Canada, went into commercial operation. This plant should realize a steady volume increase and profitability starting with the 2002 calendar year. An additional U.S. seat belt plant, located in Madisonville, Kentucky, started operations during the second quarter. This plant will help support our growing seat belt business, currently being handled by our Indianapolis plant and our two Mexican plants. The Kentucky plant is a greenfield operation with experienced management, equipped with latest technologies in hardware and software to ensure exceptional quality. In Europe, most of the U.K. seat belt production was moved to low labor-cost countries in Eastern Europe, as well as to specific automated lines in Germany with available capacity. The increased sales of labor intensive leather-wrapped steering wheels led to further expansion in Tunisia, where employment now exceeds 1,200 in four plants. Our 65/35 joint venture with the leading Korean automotive supplier Mando has purchased land outside Seoul, where a plant to produce both seat belts (today imported from other Autoliv plants) and airbags (today produced in a leased facility) will be erected during 2002. In Japan, all sales personnel and administrations, etc. from recentlyacquired companies were merged, resulting in four sales offices rather than 16. This organization will provide a uniform and efficient way of conducting total restraint systems business for our customers. On April 1, 2002, NSK's seat belt operations in Japan and Thailand will be consolidated when we take advantage of a call option to increase Autoliv's holding to 70% from today's 40%. This

4

Autoliv, Inc. 2001

will add approximately $150 million in annual sales and position Autoliv as the second-largest belt supplier in Japan. The short-term influence on net profit will be marginal. Product Expansion In early 2002 a number of new product improvements have been developed, and orders secured for these innovations. These contracts include pre-pretensioners and adaptive load-limiters, which are described on page 13 and 14 in this annual report. Sales of the Inflatable Curtain (IC) continue to grow rapidly. The IC is fast becoming standard equipment in Europe, not only in premium cars but also in the middle segment. The penetration in Europe is based on consumer demand. In the U.S., both the IC for head protection and side airbags for chest protection are still to a large extent optional equipment, since they are not mandated by law and the market demand is still in an early stage. More speculative and long-term is the development of active safety, both Night Vision (which helps the driver to see better at night and in fog), and precrash sensing to gain time to activate critical restraint systems before an imminent crash. These products are described on page 13. Entering the U.S. Electronics Market In early 2002 we have concluded an agreement to acquire Visteon's Restraint Electronics (VRE), which has $150 million in annual sales and 350 employees in North America with over 100 of them in engineering.

VRE will give us the complete system capabilities in North America that we have been looking for and that we have had for many years in Europe. Together with VRE, Autoliv Electronics will become one of the largest global suppliers of crash sensors and electronic control units for safety systems. Enhanced electronic capabilities also tie in well with the current trend toward active safety systems, which aim to avoid a crash altogether. These systems will require more electronics and software. The VRE acquisition will not have any negative earnings impact or any significant effect on Autoliv's net debt, but already within two years we expect the VRE investment to match the return on investment for the rest of the Company. Cost Efficiency Program The cost efficiency program continued during 2001 with some better-thanexpected results. A program to decrease the manning levels in the U.S. by 1,000 persons was fulfilled before the middle of 2001, and 1,900 was reached before year-end, corresponding to 20% of the total U.S. staffing level. The ongoing effort to move labor intensive positions to low-labor-cost countries (LLCC) has also been successful. Our target to add 1,000 jobs in LLCC was surpassed, and we achieved a total of 1,450 during the full year. At the end of 2001, some 7,200 employees, corresponding to 25% of our workforce, are based in LLCC. This number has increased from only some 10% three years ago.

Outlook During the spring of 2002, it seems likely that light vehicle production will decline from the already low levels recorded in the beginning of 2001, both in North America and particularly in Europe. The decreases, however, are likely to diminish as the year progresses and the year should end with production at a similar pace as 2001. Total light vehicle production is on average estimated to decrease by close to 3 percent vs. 2001, but will probably be compensated by new safety products and higher penetration rates. The projected vehicle production is based on information available in January. Autoliv will continue the cost efficiency programs already underway, and also continue new product introduction to strengthen our technical lead. Launch quality will also be a key focus as we are scheduled to make numerous new launches for the 2003 and 2004 model years.

Lars Westerberg President and Chief Executive Officer

Autoliv, Inc. 2001 5

