To our Shareholders
 2000 marks a year when Autoliv faced new challenges but was also able to achieve several important long-term
results.
The drop at the end of the
year in U.S. vehicle produc- tion coincided with a peak in prices for many raw materials and a low Euro. This reduced our earnings per share by 14% to $1.67. The drop-off in U.S. vehicle production oc- curred so sharply that neither we nor our largest U.S. customers had time to scale back operations to the new, lower demand.
In 2000, we continued to in- crease our global market share. During the year, we were awarded a number of “break- through” contracts for electro- nic products, including rollover sensors and weight sensing systems. These contracts, in combination with our expand- ing orders for current products, will provide a solid base for our long-term growth.
Improved Market Position
During 2000 we advanced Autoliv’s position in many important markets.
In Japan, we have made several acquisitions that will enable us to double our market share to roughly 25%. Since our Japanese customers and the Asian markets are expect- ed to grow faster than the rest of the global car industry, this advancement in Autoliv’s posi- tion will be increasingly import- ant. The acquisitions that will contribute to this result are de- scribed on page 20 in the Management Discussions and Analysis.
In Korea, an agreement was established with Mando Corporation, a leading Korean auto parts supplier, to form a joint venture. The new com- pany, Autoliv Mando Corpora- tion, in which Autoliv holds 65% of the shares, is expect- ed to reach $200 million in sales in a few years time.
In the United States, Autoliv was awarded a contract to supply 1.2 million rollover sen- sors starting in the fall of 2003. We were also awarded a contract to annually supply nearly one million weight sens- ing systems which will be used to meet the new U.S. regula- tions for advanced airbags. This contract will also begin in the fall of 2003 and is believed to be the largest production contract awarded for such a system. These orders, which were our first orders for electronics in North America, demonstrate our capabilities in electronics and the vehicle manufacturers’ desire to obtain complete safety systems, in- cluding electronics, from a single supplier.
 4 Autoliv Inc. 2000

In Europe, Autoliv was awarded an electronics con- tract from BMW. This is our first opportunity to supply such products to this import- ant customer.
In terms of market share gains, Autoliv’s organic sales (i.e. excluding acquisitions and currency effects) grew two percentage points faster than the global restraint market and our reported sales grew by 8% to $4.1 billion. The growth was particularly strong in the U.S. seat belt market and the glob- al steering wheel market. Our overall market share gains were also a reflection of the fact that Autoliv has a relative- ly strong position inside air- bags and other above-aver- age growth segments.
Product Expansion
The contract awards for weight sensing systems and rollover sensors were not the only examples of last year’s achievements in product development.
One of our new airbag inflators received The PACE Award from the prestigious magazine Automotive News in recognition of “outstanding contributions to the improve- ment of automotive prod- ucts”. We also received an award from the British Auto- mobile Association for a new airbag system (see page 14 and 15).
In 2000, Saturn as well as the Chrysler Cirrus/Stratus were the first car models in the U.S. to include our Inflatable Curtain. Currently, we deliver this product, which was introduced in 1998, to nine customers and over 20 car models.
Cost Efficiency Programs
A comprehensive action pro- gram was developed in the 4th quarter of last year in response to the fall in U.S. vehicle production and in- creasing raw materials prices.
The program includes reduction of headcount by more than 1,000 or approxi- mately 12% of the U.S. per- sonnel. A quarter of the reduction has already taken place this year and the re- maining reductions will be- come effective gradually during the rest of the year 2001.
The program also includes consolidation of manufac- turing by closing, phasing out and downsizing plants in both the U.S., Asia and Europe, as well as continued moves of production to low labor-cost countries.
In 2000, the move of pro- duction to low labor-cost countries increased signific- antly. Roughly 2,000 jobs were created in these countries. Almost as many were added through acquisi- tions. As a result, Autoliv now has 19% of its employees in these countries, compared to 8% a year ago. This will lead to significant cost savings over the next few years.
The closures and divesti- tures of none-core opera- tions continued during the year as two plants were closed and three sold. These production facilities had more than 1,000 employees. The components these plants produced are now purchased from external sup- pliers at a lower overall cost. In addition to reducing pur- chase costs, the divestitures
and closures improved cash flow by releasing $35 million that was tied up in these ope- rations.
A share repurchase program was implemented during the year. This program was initi- ated to create shareholder value and reduce Autoliv’s cost of capital. Last year $103 million was utilized for this program and $45 million for the ordinary dividend.
Stronger and Better Prepared
In summary, Autoliv has develop- ed its position and is better prepared to take advantage of the potential of the automotive safety market. Although that potential is short-term likely to be impacted by the expected slow-down in global vehicle production, there is a steady growth in demand for more – and more advanced – safety technologies
This underlying growth will become particularly evident in two to three years time when advanced airbag sys- tems and rollover protection systems will be introduced in many U.S. vehicles. As this growth is realized, we will continue to focus on optimiz- ing Autoliv’s cost reduction opportunities and to advance our company’s market posi- tion in terms of products and geographical regions.
Lars Westerberg
President and Chief Executive Officer
To our Shareholders
 Autoliv Inc. 2000 5
