 Dear Shareholder,
2016 was a year of solid execution and growth for Autoliv. It was also a year of high order intake and correspondingly high investments in the future growth of our company. The year was further characterized by significant changes in our industry, in both passive safety and electronics.
              For the first time, Autoliv’s sales in 2016 exceeded 10 billion dol- lars, resulting in a total sales growth of around 10%, double the growth of the global light
vehicle production. Organic sales grew by over 7%. The additional sales growth was a result of recent M&A and joint venture activities.
The double digit total sales growth shows that we are executing on our strat- egy of growing organically, through the solid execution of our on-going business and through the integration of assets coming from M&A activities.
It was also a year of continued high in- vestments in preparation of strong antici- pated future growth in both our business segments, Passive Safety and Electronics. These investments limit our short term earnings potential, but they will enable us to further strengthen our market leadership and earnings potential in the years to come.
The combination of growth and high investments resulted in an operating mar- gin well within our long term target range of 8-9%. I am pleased that we were able to achieve this level of earnings while simul- taneously making significant investments for the future.
Investments for growth
Our expectations for high future growth are based on the high order intake we have experienced in 2015 and 2016. As in- dicated in our guidance for 2017 this “high order intake - high investment” scenario that started already in 2015 and continued throughout 2016 will also impact 2017. This period of high investments, particularly in research, development and engineering,
has two main purposes: to prepare us for the anticipated high future delivery vol- umes in passive safety and to invest further in product development in active safety to secure continued technology leadership. Both are necessary for our future growth and earnings potential.
Firstly, in our Passive Safety segment we have had two full years of around 50% order intake, more than 10% higher than our current passive safety market share. This positive development is leading to high investments, in preparation for our customers start of production. For exam- ple, in just two years, we have more than doubled the number of customer develop- ment projects (see graph). These projects will only start to generate revenues for us when our customers start production, which occur one and a half to three years after they are initiated.
Secondly, within our Electronics segment we continued our high level of investment, mainly for product development in our active safety business. We fully believe in this strategy as active safety leading to- wards autonomous driving is one of the fastest growing business opportunities in the world. In this high growth area, we captured around 25% of the available busi- ness in 2016, which shows our customers’ confidence in our Active Safety products and Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS).
Quality first
Our vision of Saving More Lives and our three
oped to further sharpen our quality efforts is measuring “zero defects”. A zero defect requires a production line to run absolutely flawlessly. This is a very tough metric that only a few years ago seemed more like a distant aspiration than a target. Today more than 10% of our production lines run with zero defects for at least 15 consecutive days, more than double the proportion of lines only one year ago.
AUTOLIV CUSTOMER APPLICATION PROJECTS
   No. Started
Av. No. Started 2014 & 2015
  140 120 100
80 60 40 20
0
                          Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 2014
Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 2015
Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 2016
   OUR STRATEGY TO STAY AHEAD - INVEST FOR THE FUTURE
US$ (Millions)
1,200
1,000
800
600
%
14 12 10 8 6 4 2 0
              core strategies: Quality, One Product one 400
Process and Innovation remain unchanged. 200 As always Quality is our main focus. In 2016 0 we continued to make progress in terms of
our quality metrics. One key metric, devel-
2012
CAPEX
2013
2014
2015
2016
       RD&E   % ALV sales
   06

  Despite our relentless focus on quality, we experienced some quality related issues in 2016. Although relatively limited, these can never be tolerated and we are taking additional measures to further strengthen certain aspects of our quality initiatives.
Strategic M&A and joint ventures
In addition to our investments for future growth and the continued sharp focus on quality, we executed strategically impor- tant M&A and joint venture activities during the year.
At the end of the first quarter we final- ized the agreement to form a joint venture in the area of brake control with the Japa- nese manufacturer Nissin Kogyo. The new company, Autoliv-Nissin Brake Systems (ANBS) is now operational. In the latter part of 2016 it recorded a significant new business win with a lifetime contract value of more than 1 billion dollars with a U.S. based car manufacturer.
In September we announced another strategic joint venture, this time with Volvo Car Corporation. This new company, sub- sequently named Zenuity, will represent a very important addition to our active safety strategy towards autonomous driving. The set-up is unique. All decision making and system level software development at Volvo Cars and Autoliv for Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) and Highly Autonomous Driving (HAD) will be concen- trated in this joint venture. No other car manufacturer and tier one supplier have formed this type of 50/50 joint venture in such a strategic area. In addition Autoliv will market and sell Zenuity’s software so- lutions to all car manufacturers globally. We strongly believe it will be a significant competitive advantage over the years to come as openness and collaboration be- come increasingly important for sharing the burden of high development costs and improving time to market in the area of autonomous driving. Zenuity is planning its start of operations for the first half of 2017.
This initiative fits perfectly with Autoliv’s stated mission of being the leading safety system supplier for the future car, well integrated with autonomous driving.
Focus on sustainability
During 2016 we have put increased focus on developing our sustainability strategy. We make contributions to society by staying
at the forefront of technology, innovating and manufacturing high quality products that help our customers save more lives in real-life traffic. In 2017, we will also put more focus on developing targets to limit our impact on the environment, while continuing our on-going work to ensure ethical operations and being an employer of choice.
Shareholder returns
In 2016, the S&P 500 Index increased by about 10%, and the OMX All Shares Index in Stockholm where Autoliv’s SDR’s are listed, increased by 6%. The Autoliv share was down 9% on NYSE, while the OMX listed SDR’s closed down 4% compared to one year ago. In 2016 relevant automotive indexes (S&P and OMX) also underper- formed the general market. Looking at the share over a three year period (a relevant cycle given Autoliv’s typical time from order to revenues) Autoliv’s share has outper- formed the OMX All Share index by close to 50%, and also outperformed the S&P 500 index.
During the year Autoliv returned more than 200 million dollars, or 2.30 dollars per share, to its shareholders through regular dividends, a new record.
We exited the year with a net debt to EBITDA ratio of 0.4x. It is our target that over time, this ratio should be between 0.5x and 1.5x. We are continuing to monitor this measure, as we aim to be shareholder friendly and over time return excess cash to our shareholders.
Looking ahead
The automotive safety industry is in a pe- riod of great change. In Passive Safety one of our key competitors has encountered serious quality related issues and may be undergoing some form of restructuring. Meanwhile other main competitors have recently changed ownership.
In Electronics, particularly within active safety, rapid industry growth is expected to continue for many years and a group of companies both from the automotive and technology industries are positioning themselves to take part in this high growth environment.
In this transitionary environment we continue to work toward our end of decade targets outlined at our Capital Markets day in 2015. Over time it is inevitable that some changes will occur as the market continues
to develop and change. Currently, we be- lieve we will surpass our corporate sales target of 12 billion dollars by the end of the decade while our target of achieving more than one billion dollars in active safety sales is likely to be realized one year later than originally anticipated.
For 2017 Autoliv anticipates full-year organic growth of around 4%. The expec- tation for the full year adjusted operating margin is around 8.5%, excluding costs for capacity alignment and antitrust related matters.
In summary
Autoliv exists to save lives and create long term sustainable value for our stakehold- ers, particularly you the shareholder. To do this I believe we need to deliver in three areas.
• Quality, which leads to trust and security. This is the number one priority.
• Robustness, providing the durability and functions our customers expects over time.
• User experience, ensuring our products are easy to understand and use.
We deal with the physical transportation of humans at very high speeds, which, should something go wrong, is a matter of life and death. If we deliver quality, robustness and a great user experience, we will create the trust needed to emerge as a winner in a transformed automotive industry.
With our vision of saving more lives and quality first as guiding lights we continue our journey to further strengthen our lead- ership in automotive safety.
Autoliv Annual Report 2016 / President's Letter
  Yours sincerely,
 Chairman, President & CEO Stockholm, February 23, 2017
 07
