dear shareholders,
Sometimes our consumers and even American Greetings associates will approach us to explain how, during a pivotal moment in their lives, a simple greeting card made a difference. Just recently, a veteran employee described a card to us that she received from her estranged sister. Citing the card's passage by memory, she said, "As time goes by and we get older, you realize and understand that the best things in life grow more precious than ever -- like you." She said that this card became the catalyst to a conversation between them and that now she and her sister are close again... ...and it all started with a card. We may not think about it during our nine-to-five routine as we pore over press sheets or spreadsheets, but we are a part of people's lives every day. From childhood to maturity, as our consumers grow up and grow older, we are there with them through their milestones and their celebrations, their happiness and their sorrow. Creativity for us begins with an intrinsic understanding of our consumers. We feel what they feel. We say what they want to say. We create so they can connect. To this end, we have intensified and expanded our editorial efforts so that every consumer can find their "voice" in a greeting card. Responding to our consumers' needs means constantly changing how we do things. Change is what challenges a business, change is what keeps us fresh, and change is what we have embraced to remain competitive in the marketplace. Jim Spira, a leading advocate of change, who served as our President from 2001 to 2003 and has been a valuable member of our Board of Directors for the past seven years, will no longer be on our Board. We thank Jim for his dedicated efforts in helping us adapt to the marketplace and better accommodate the changing needs of our consumers.

6

As we have adapted to the changing environment, we have experienced a record year of cash flow, which has allowed us to reduce our net debt by approximately $1 billion over the last three years, thereby positioning us as a flexible and dynamic company. We are now, more than ever, able to realize our true potential not only as the leading greeting card company, but as an innovative creative studio offering products and services that enhance people's life experiences. With customized merchandising, we are becoming more relevant in our consumers' lives and more specific to their product needs. We have extended our reach to help them connect in new, innovative ways through more sophisticated interactive and wireless channels and with multilingual products in Canada, South America, and Europe. And with the extraordinary growth of our licensed properties, we are rediscovering how we can touch the lives of both children and adults. As our creativity leads to even more exciting new opportunities for us as a company, we realize and appreciate that we will always be a part of people's lives and their relationships with others. New licenses, businesses, and products that extrapolate our core competencies help us to better serve the very same people who buy and enjoy our greeting cards. However far we go as a company, we will always be just a greeting card away from connecting one person to another.

Jeffrey Weiss President and Chief Operating Officer
25

AG Stock Price
In Millions of Dollars
800

AG Net Debt*

600

Dollars

20

7

400

15

200

Zev Weiss Chief Executive Officer

10

0

2/02

2/03

2/04

2/05

2/02

2/03

2/04

2/05

*Total debt less cash and short-term investments

