To our shareholders, customers and associates:
American Greetings knows that it takes "more" than just great product and service to be an industry leader. Our promise to deliver "more" is enabled by the unique combination of our extensive portfolio of brands, our exceptional creative talent, and the strength of our intellectual property compiled over more than 100 years. "More" than just a card company, American Greetings has upheld our promise to help consumers express, connect, and celebrate all of life's special moments. American Greetings is more than a brand; we believe that we have the industry's best portfolio of content. Two years ago, we improved our profile as we acquired Papyrus and Recycled Paper Greetings to enhance our focus on greeting cards. We are pleased to have completed the successful integration of both businesses into our family while maintaining the separate creative processes that made each such a compelling acquisition. The integrations went smoothly due to a talented team of associates from each company who worked diligently to complete the project on time and on budget. We've delivered more new cards to consumers as we continue to make investments in our business. In an effort to deliver the best greeting card product in the industry, we surveyed consumers, studied large quantities of sales data, and tested products to ensure we created greeting cards that offer a high degree of satisfaction to everyone looking to connect and celebrate their relationships. As a result of our vigorous effort to attain industry leadership, retailers have taken notice. They are asking us, how to get our products into their stores. We are pleased that we have been able to capitalize on our product leadership strategy by winning additional space at retail. Another way we bring more to the greeting card aisles is through collaborations with our content partners. We value and appreciate our long term relationship with Sesame Workshop, not only for the work they do with children all over the world, but for the many ways their lovable characters connect with our youngest consumers. Our ongoing partnership with artist Kathy Davis continues to delight those who appreciate the hand lettering and delicate watercolors of her work. And we are pleased at the success of our partnership with four-time GRAMMY winner Taylor Swift. The authenticity of her words and the way she connects with the next generation of greeting card consumers has led to new ways to reach Generation Y and share with them the importance of connecting with unique and authentic messages.

Our AG Interactive online business continues to find more ways to engage our consumers in the places where she is connecting. Last year, we launched our first iPhone application and this year we are expanding our capabilities into additional digital platforms. We are also engaging our consumers through social media like Twitter and Facebook. This level of interaction allows us to listen, learn, and connect in real time with consumers of all ages. As part of our leadership strategy, we continue to strive to be everywhere our consumer is. As a result of seeking to always deliver "more" for our consumers and retailers, our financial performance exceeded our expectations for Fiscal 2011. Our earnings per share increased to $2.11 from $2.03 the previous year, enabled by our refined portfolio, good expense management, and changed capital structure. Our cash flow from operating activities minus capital expenditures was $143 million and exceeded our original guidance by 14%. Looking back, it has been an exciting 12 months of increased creativity, successful integrations, and new social media platforms and we are pleased to have completed the year with a good financial outcome and a bright financial future. We recognize that what was accomplished could not have been achieved without the dedication and contributions of our associates who inspire us by their tremendous drive, ingenuity, and creativity. To all of our associates worldwide, we appreciate your hard work these last few years which have been both challenging and rewarding for all of us. And to our shareholders and supporters of American Greetings, thank you for continuing this exciting journey with us as we find more ways to inspire relationships by being the most relevant and innovative developer of social expression products.

Zev Weiss Chief Executive Officer

Jeffrey Weiss President & Chief Operating Officer

