To our shareholders, customers and associates:

A year ago, we're not sure any of us could have anticipated the precipitous decline in the global economy. We were focused on growth with the recent acquisition of two photo sharing sites and were cautiously optimistic for a year of steady sales. Our year began with tempered optimism and strong demand for our product offering. Industry peers at the 20th Annual International Greeting Card Association Awards recognized the creative excellence reflected in our cards, with 11 of our cards selected as finalists and five taking top honors. We believed ­ and still do ­ this emphasis on product creativity helps consumers connect in a way that is authentic to them, and that the changes we made the last couple of years were beginning to pay off for us. Like many other companies, we faced a more challenging retail environment than predicted. As a result, we evaluated our business and took responsible actions to reduce costs, and will remain cost focused in all of our efforts. On February 24, 2009 we acquired Recycled Paper Greetings (RPG). The RPG acquisition is part of our very deliberate three-year strategy to reinvent the greeting card category. RPG has a history of creating cards in a unique style and tone that resonates with a distinct consumer. Its witty, funny and fresh content allows American Greetings to strengthen its capabilities to serve the greeting card buyer. We are very excited to welcome this "best in class" alternative card company to our family. Speaking of family, we fondly bid farewell to Steve Hardis as he retired from our Board of Directors. Steve served our company for a decade and his insight provided valued guidance in many areas. We wish him well and appreciate all of his wisdom and counsel through the years. Finally and most importantly, we thank all our associates for their commitment, efforts and passion during these challenging and uncertain times. And to our shareholders, thank you for your steadfast support of American Greetings.

Jeffrey Weiss President and Chief Operating Officer

Zev Weiss Chief Executive Officer

