Fellow Shareholders,
Knowing our consumers is essential because at American Greetings we make products to help people express their emotions, reach out and connect with the important people in their lives. Last year, we focused on that challenge even more by taking a closer look at the common ways our consumers use our greeting cards. More recently, we've explored how consumers use our products differently. We've gained deeper knowledge about the lives and habits of our consumers. Today we know more about her and her voice, her language and her style than ever before ­ yet we're not done learning. This emphasis on knowing our consumer is part of our strategic card initiative to enhance our greeting card assortments and the way we merchandise them in stores. Last year, the results of this initiative reached stores as we began shipping hundreds of new card designs and installed thousands of new departments. We also began applying our consumer insights to other product categories such as gift wrap, Christmas boxed cards and ornaments. These consumer insights have led to exciting new designs to differentiate our products in the marketplace. Our concentration on core social expression products also led to the decision to sell our GuildHouse candle product lines and Learning Horizons, our educational products subsidiary. In the next fiscal year, we'll continue to implement our strategic card initiative with a more refined understanding of our consumers and their social expression needs. We know that in an interconnected world where communication is a commodity, the need to connect is vital. We also know that our consumers want to make those connections in ways that are authentic to them. With a sharper focus and understanding, we are creating greeting cards with that kind of authenticity. Knowing our consumers has always been important. But as consumers become more sophisticated and have more demanding expectations, we believe our greeting cards will meet the challenge of reflecting her voice in ways that demonstrate American Greetings is a leader in the industry. With best regards,

Zev Weiss Chief Executive Officer

Jeffrey Weiss President and Chief Operating Officer

