Dear Fellow Stockholders,
2013 was a transformative year for Applied Materials — a year of building momentum for profitable growth.
• First, we focused our growth strategy and investment on leveraging our precision materials engineering leadership to enable major technology transitions for our customers. As part of this focused strategy, we increased our annual run-rate investment in 300mm semiconductor product development by more than $200 million.
• Second, we took steps to shape a more competitive company. We reduced overhead spending by $130 million through efficiency improvements in corporate functions and we made significant additional reductions in solar operating expenses. We strengthened the organization in many critical areas, attracting top technical talent in Etch, Inspection and other groups, while adding new leadership in Solar and Display, finance, operations, marketing and strategy. We introduced a new operating rhythm and strengthened our business processes to improve execution and enable Applied to effectively scale as we drive profitable growth.
• Third, we built positive momentum in areas that are large growth opportunities, including Etch, Inspection and Display.
• Fourth, and most significantly, major trends in electronics are fueling positive momentum for our leadership businesses. Our precision materials engineering technology is enabling key inflections in the mobility war, by providing our customers with solutions that improve device performance and yield.
We would like to thank all of our employees for their contributions over the past year. This is a team with tremendous passion to create value for customers and investors, and their focus and dedication have enabled us to position Applied Materials for significant future profitable growth.
In September, we made a planned transition in chief executive officer. Gary Dickerson became CEO in addition to president and joined the Board of Directors, while Mike Splinter was named executive chairman after serving as CEO for ten years. A long-time industry leader, Gary has a demonstrated track record of delivering growth in revenue
and profits while achieving recognition for outstanding customer satisfaction and gaining market share. The transition has been seamless and smooth, and we continue to work closely together to drive the Company’s strategy and performance.
Also in September, we announced a planned merger with Tokyo Electron Limited to create a new global innovator in semiconductor and display manufacturing technology via an all-stock combination. This merger will enable us to accelerate the strategic visions of our two companies
and our momentum for profitable growth. We will
bring together complementary leading technologies
and products to build an expanded set of capabilities in precision materials engineering and patterning to solve our customers’ high-value problems better, faster and at lower cost. The transaction is subject to stockholder and regulatory approvals and is expected to close in mid to second half of 2014.
MARKETS DRIVEN BY MOBILITY
With smartphone sales expected to exceed one billion units this year, the mobility trend remains the main growth driver for the electronics industry. Smartphones and tablets now generate more semiconductor industry revenue than all other categories of consumer electronics combined. We estimate that our customers will need to add manufacturing capacity for more than 500 million incremental smartphone and tablet units in the next two years as the mobility trend propels the semiconductor industry forward. Consumers are making their buying decisions based on battery life, features, form-factor and visual experience, which means that our customers’ ability to deliver winning products requires new device technology at the right yield and cost.
Demand for mobile consumer products also represents
a significant driver of display industry spending, supplementing strong global demand for larger format TVs. Innovations in display manufacturing are enabling higher resolution and lower power consumption screens that consumers favor, while new technologies like curved and flexible displays are starting to make an appearance in the latest generations of devices. These trends are positive for Applied, as they are anticipated to grow the total available market for our large-area precision materials engineering equipment used to produce these new screens.
applied materials 2013 annual report

SOLVING CUSTOMERS’ HIGH-VALUE PROBLEMS
Our customers are engaged in a battle for mobility leadership and this is driving major technology inflections in transistor, interconnect, memory, patterning and display. Materials innovation and cost-effective scaling are
driving performance gains for customers, and are increasingly enabled by Applied’s strengths in precision materials engineering.
For semiconductor foundries, transistor performance remains a critical focus and we have very strong pull for collaboration in this area. As customers build out new manufacturing capacity, we are increasing our share of their spending through a combination of expanded market opportunity and new positional wins. The next battleground for foundries is in new transistor structures such as FinFET, and customers are pushing hard to begin pilot production in 2014. Our strong position in the critical transistor technologies — including Epi, Implant, anneals and CMP — provides us with a platform for further share gains at
this inflection.
Technology trends in semiconductor memory devices also play to our strengths. With the transition from planar to 3D memory structures, we see our opportunity-per-wafer- start increasing by more than 30 percent. In addition to market expansion, we are also winning share as leading customers select our differentiated solutions for the critical etch and deposition process steps that make these new structures possible.
In the past year, we have started to demonstrate excellent progress beyond our traditional leadership areas. Our Process Diagnostics and Control group delivered strong growth in fiscal 2013, including record net sales of our UVision® BrightfieldTM inspection product line for the year. In Etch, our focused strategy is yielding results and we are gaining share based on the new conductor etch positions we have secured. In Display, equipment demand rebounded in 2013 and, more importantly, we were able to significantly outgrow the market. We made considerable share gains in the Display PVD market this year, while holding position in CVD where we were already very strong.
applied materials 2013 annual report
OUR STRATEGY
At Applied Materials, our strategy is to deliver profitable growth by leveraging our leadership in precision materials engineering to solve customers’ high-value problems that improve device performance and yield in Semiconductor, Display, Solar and new markets. We know that we will win by consistently delivering products that solve customers’ high-value problems faster and better than our competitors. 2013 was a year when we advanced this strategy, made Applied Materials more competitive, and built momentum for profitable growth.
As we look to 2014, we are very excited. We have great opportunities to accelerate our momentum for profitable growth. We remain highly focused on execution to ensure we take full advantage of these opportunities, build on our technology leadership, grow the company and create value for our stockholders.
Today we have positive momentum in our markets as major trends play to our strengths, and we have a full pipeline of differentiated products to grow our wafer
fab equipment share and enter new markets. We have momentum with customers and strong pull for earlier, broader and deeper collaborations to enable their future devices with our materials engineering solutions. We also have momentum with employees. Our engagement scores are at an all-time high, and we are adding talent in critical areas to improve execution and enable us to successfully integrate with Tokyo Electron.
We appreciate your support, and the support of all our stakeholders, as we execute our strategy and deliver on our vision.
Sincerely,
Michael R. Splinter Executive Chairman
December 31, 2013
Gary E. Dickerson President and
Chief Executive Officer
  