Dear Fellow Stockholders,
This is a period of reinvigorated innovation and growth in the electronic sector. Unprecedented technology advances provide tremendous opportunities for Applied Materials to create value for you, our stockholders, by extending our technology leadership and growing the company. We are uniquely positioned to apply our capabilities in precision materials engineering to enable our customers and outperform our markets. In 2014, we grew sales in our semiconductor business by 25 percent and expanded our overall operating margins significantly. These results reflect ongoing technology and capacity investments by our semiconductor and display customers, sustainable market share gains in growing markets, as well as significant improvements in our execution, efficiency and costs that we achieved while increasing investment in new product development. A FOUNDATION FOR LONG-TERM PROFITABLE GROWTH Over the past two years, we have placed Applied on a trajectory of long-term profitable growth and improving financial performance. The progress we are making towards our strategic and financial goals is made possible by strong support from our stockholders and outstanding contributions from our employees around the world. We are fortunate to have a team that shares a passion to create value for customers and investors. In 2013, we aligned the business around our Precision Materials Engineering strategy, and took steps to shape a more competitive Company. · We increased our focus on areas that have the biggest impact for customers and generate the best returns for Applied. We shifted spending from low growth businesses and corporate expense to field resources and product development. We built a stronger organization, bringing in top industry talent, strengthening our business processes for repeatable success, and changing our structure to improve alignment and speed. We increased our market share, with 1.4 points of overall gains in calendar 2013. And we invested in a pipeline of new products to enable customers' road maps and drive long-term growth for Applied. In 2014, we accelerated this strategy, and made strong progress towards our financial model. Our semiconductor business posted the highest revenue since fiscal 2007 and, for the calendar year, we expect to gain share or hold share in almost all of our businesses. We anticipate our largest gains in areas of the market that are growing the fastest. In Chemical Vapor Deposition (CVD), we believe we will win at least 3 points of share this past year, while in Etch we delivered nearly 2.5 times the sales achieved in 2012. These results demonstrate that Applied has the right strategy and the right team, and that we are improving execution and carrying strong momentum into 2015. Our merger with Tokyo Electron Limited will enable us to further accelerate this strategy. Stockholders of both companies approved the merger in June and we are working to secure the remaining regulatory approvals as soon as possible to form a new combined company called Eteris. Eteris will bring together complementary leading technologies and products to build an expanded set of capabilities in Precision Materials Engineering to solve our customers' high-value problems better, faster and at lower cost. ACCELERATING MOMENTUM INTO 2015 As we look to 2015 and beyond, we see a market environment with expanded opportunities. Evolving trends in mobility and connectivity are driving industry growth and accelerating innovation in mobile chips, solid state storage and interactive displays. Global appetite for new and better mobile devices, with more features and longer battery life, fueled growth in wafer fabrication equipment spending in 2014, and our current view is that investment levels will be higher still in 2015. In recent years, the foundries have been the biggest component of industry investment, building new factories to fulfill demand for advanced mobile chips and racing to introduce new technology that enables devices with higher performance and lower power consumption. This is very positive for Applied, as we have our strongest share positions at these customers and continue to make gains. For foundries, the technology leadership battle is intensifying and we anticipate strong investment from customers in the coming years as they focus on winning the critical transition from planar 2D transistors to new 3D "FinFET" devices.

·

·

· ·

a p p l i e d m at e r i a l s 2 0 1 4 annual report

Mobility and cloud computing also drive increased demand for memory. Memory manufacturers are investing more to meet consumer demand for mobile DRAM, and 2014 was a year of strong investment in NAND ­ the two most common forms of advanced semiconductor memory. While the bulk of NAND capacity additions were focused on extending 2D technology, we saw initial investments in 3D NAND and we expect this spending to be broader and larger in 2015 as more customers introduce this next-generation technology. The transition from 2D memory to 3D materials-enabled devices is also very positive for Applied, expanding our available market by 35 to 50 percent. Through fiscal 2014, wafer starts and fab utilization increased and, as customers aggressively push factory output, we see expanded opportunities for our service business. We are building our capabilities in areas that help customers ramp complex new device technologies faster and at lower cost. Our service organization is building momentum, and in fiscal 2014, delivered the highest orders and the highest operating margins since 2007. The outlook for the display equipment market also remains very healthy. Attractive price points for Ultra High Definition '4K' TVs are driving a new TV refresh cycle, while average screen sizes are growing about twice as fast as historic rates. Demand for higher resolution, lower powered screens for mobile devices is also a key factor in display, and we are seeing strong orders for new technology. Our fourth quarter 2014 display revenues were at a three-year high, and we believe we are gaining share in our served available market. NEW TECHNOLOGY TRANSITIONS PLAY TO OUR STRENGTHS In both semiconductor and display, major changes in device technology provide a catalyst for our growth. FinFET and 3D NAND represent the biggest technology transitions in decades and provide new opportunities for us. These complex inflections are enabled by materials innovation that plays directly to the core strengths of Applied Materials. These transitions create new precision materials engineering steps, expand our available market, and fuel demand for our leadership products that enable the latest transistor and interconnect devices. For example, our Epi business posted record sales in fiscal 2014, our Metal

Deposition group delivered its highest annual revenues and operating margins since 2000, and we believe our Implant group is on track to reach its highest ever market share. In logic and memory, the acceleration of materials-enabled scaling is a major driver for Etch and Deposition. These are large growth opportunities for Applied Materials, where we are building strong momentum and gaining share. Our combined revenues in Etch and CVD grew by almost 50 percent in calendar 2014 and we see strong customer pull for our next-generation technologies. DELIVERING STRONG RESULTS, OPENING NEW OPPORTUNITIES For Applied Materials, fiscal 2014 was a year when we grew faster than our markets, and made significant progress towards our strategic and financial goals. We accelerated our product momentum, and strengthened the organization in key areas. As we look to the future, we see great opportunities as we are uniquely positioned to apply our differentiated capabilities in precision materials engineering to enable major technology transitions. We are only at the beginning of these inflections. The ramps in FinFET, 3D NAND and new display technology will be the next of multiple waves of investment by customers. Our strategy is delivering results, and in order to fully capitalize on the great opportunities ahead, we remain highly focused on improving execution while driving alignment, speed and scale across the organization as we prepare to merge and form Eteris. Sincerely,

Michael R. Splinter
Executive Chairman

Gary E. Dickerson
President and Chief Executive Officer

December 31, 2014

a p p l i e d m at e r i a l s 2 0 1 4 annual report

