Dear Fellow Stockholders,
At Applied Materials, our innovations make possible the technology shaping the future. From wearables to the Internet of Things, autonomous cars to drones, the world is becoming smarter and more connected at an unprecedented pace. These incredible global technology trends place ever greater demand on new capabilities for semiconductors and displays. As our customers -- manufacturers of advanced chips and displays -- race to introduce new devices, they seek out partners who they can rely on to deliver innovative and cost-effective solutions to their most challenging technical problems. Applied Materials is committed to being the most valuable partner to our customers, and that commitment is paying off. In fiscal 2015, Applied delivered another year of growth in orders, revenues, and profitability. Across the Company, we are driving profitable growth by targeting major technology inflections, and introducing new differentiated, enabling products and services for our customers. As a result, we are winning market share in semiconductor and display equipment, growing our service business, and expanding our market opportunities. The investments we have been making in R&D and field technical capabilities are yielding results. We have generated a strong pipeline of new products aimed at key market inflections, while at the same time we are increasing our profitability and providing attractive cash returns to our shareholders. Among our fiscal 2015 achievements, Applied Materials: · · · · · · Delivered our highest operating profit in four years Grew orders by 5% to $10.1 billion Posted our highest annual semiconductor equipment revenue in eight years Increased revenues in our Applied Global Services business by 15%, representing an all-time record Grew revenues in our Display business by 27%, the third consecutive year of growth Deployed $1.8 billion of cash to pay dividends and repurchase 76 million shares, reducing our ending share count by 5% during fiscal 2015 LEADING THE WORLD IN MATERIALS ENGINEERING We have focused the Company on a mission to lead the world with materials engineering solutions that enable customers to transform possibilities into reality. Materials engineering is what Applied Materials does better than anyone else, and our foundational capabilities are the broadest and deepest in the industry. In semiconductor equipment, major changes in device technology continue to expand our opportunities, and provide a catalyst for market share gains. We have very strong momentum in our largest growth businesses, etch and chemical vapor deposition (CVD), and still have significant room to grow. In fiscal 2015, our etch and selective materials removal revenues exceeded $1.1 billion, an eight-year record, and we generated our highest CVD revenue in four years. Combined, our etch and CVD revenues were up 23% year-on-year, and we are seeing very strong customer pull for our new products. This year we released breakthrough new product platforms to address rapidly growing opportunities in etch, atomic layer deposition, and selective materials removal. In our transistor and interconnect businesses, where we maintain strong leadership positions, we secured new application wins at 10 nanometer that will enable us to increase our share of the available market as customers build out this node. In addition, we are benefiting from new epitaxy, thermal, chemical mechanical planarization (CMP) and implant steps in memory that expand our market. Process, diagnostics and control is another area where we see strong pull from customers, and believe we are on track for share gains in brightfield inspection this year. We have also been developing a new e-beam inspection platform, posting our first revenue from both foundry and memory customers. SUSTAINABLE INDUSTRY INVESTMENT While major technology trends are fueling ongoing investments by our semiconductor customers, we have seen a significant shift within the customer spending mix. 2015 was a year of very strong memory investment, with

a p p l i e d m at e r i a l s 2 0 1 5 annual report

the highest level of spending by these customers in seven years. Applied introduced new products to strengthen our position in the memory market. In the past two years, we increased our share of total wafer fab equipment spending in DRAM by about 5 points. We also expect to increase our share of total NAND spending by approximately 5 points in the transition from planar to second-generation 3D NAND. Looking forward to 2016, we expect DRAM investments to decline from the high levels seen in 2015, while we believe next year's NAND investments will be up, as all the major memory customers ramp 3D NAND into volume production. In foundry and logic, we anticipate investment levels will remain strong, particularly as customers invest in 10 nanometer technology. Overall, we expect a market environment favorable to Applied's plans to gain share and deliver profitable growth. OPPORTUNITIES IN SERVICE AND DISPLAY In Applied Global Services (AGS), 2015 revenues represented an all-time record for the Company. Our AGS team has done a remarkable job to place this business on a trajectory of profitable growth. Over the past two years, we have aligned our service strategy to enable our customers' success, while making significant enhancements to the organization, processes, and operations that together are enabling us to deliver and capture more value with our service products. In Display, 2015 was a third consecutive year of growth. As the display industry introduces new technologies for both TV and mobile applications, customers' manufacturing processes are becoming more complex, and our market opportunity is expanding. As we look ahead to 2016 and beyond, one of the key battlegrounds will be for OLED leadership. As this inflection plays out, Applied is in a great position to benefit with new enabling products, including our thin-film encapsulation system.

DELIVERING ON OUR COMMITMENTS To summarize, in fiscal 2015 Applied Materials delivered solid growth, and made significant progress towards our long-term strategic and financial goals. Our future depends on creating products and services that solve our customers' high-value problems faster and better than anyone else, and this is where we are focusing our investments. At the same time, we have made the Company more agile and efficient by optimizing the organization, business processes and product portfolio. These changes allow us to fuel our growth programs while maintaining our operating expenses at approximately the same run rate we had in 2012. We thank our employees around the world for their tremendous contributions over the past 12 months and thank you for your support. Looking ahead, we feel very good about our strategy, our customer positions, and our product pipeline. As we apply our core capabilities to push the boundaries of materials engineering, we can deliver the enabling products our customers need to be successful and enlarge the scope of the value we can create ­ while delivering the superior financial performance that fuels growth and generates compelling stockholder value. Sincerely,

Willem P. Roelandts
Chairman of the Board

Gary E. Dickerson
President and Chief Executive Officer

December 31, 2015

a p p l i e d m at e r i a l s 2 0 1 5 annual report

