De a r Fe l l ow Sh are hol de rs,
Fiscal 2018 marked Applied Materials' third consecutive year of record financial performance. We delivered double-digit revenue growth across all of our segments: Semiconductor Systems, Applied Global Services and Display and Adjacent Markets, despite challenging market conditions in the second half of the year. While we are experiencing some market headwinds as customers make adjustments to their investment plans, especially in memory, we are not seeing the large fluctuations that characterized the semiconductor and display equipment industries in the past. At the same time, we are demonstrating that we have built a more resilient company with diversified revenue streams that can execute well in a range of market conditions. Looking further ahead, we are confident that longer-term growth drivers in both semiconductor and display remain firmly in place and will continue to create great opportunities for Applied Materials. We are in the early stages of a new growth era fueled by Artificial Intelligence and Big Data. We strongly believe that over the next decade, A.I. and Big Data will transform almost every sector of the economy ­ from transportation and healthcare to retail and entertainment. Underlying this transformation is a massive increase in data generation. In fact, 2018 marked the first year when data generated by machines surpassed that of humans. Turning all of this raw data into actionable insights has the potential to create trillions of dollars of economic value over the coming years. The race for A.I. leadership demands rapid innovation in semiconductor technology, and at the foundation is Applied Materials. HARDWARE RENAISSANCE Enabling the A.I.-Big Data era will require new types of computing at the edge and in the cloud, lower cost and lower power chips, and abundant storage. We are seeing a renaissance in hardware development as traditional leaders in compute race with cloud service providers and startups to be the first to market with winning A.I. chips. Although great progress is being made, our customers tell us that the new era of computing will require order-of-magnitude improvements in chip performance per watt. While the need for semiconductor innovation has never been greater, classic Moore's Law scaling ­ the main driver of semiconductor improvements for the past 50 years ­ is challenged. Shrinking transistors is becoming increasingly expensive and no longer delivers simultaneous improvements in power, performance and cost. Improving chips in the A.I.-Big Data era calls for innovations in chip architecture, 3D techniques, novel materials, new ways to continue shrinking transistors, and advanced packaging techniques that connect chips together in new ways. All five of these areas require major advances in materials engineering and create tremendous opportunities for Applied Materials. COMBINING OUR STRENGTHS IN NEW WAYS To accelerate innovation for our customers, we are evolving our strategy to deliver entirely new combinations of our technologies. The breadth of Applied's portfolio gives us a unique ability to understand the interaction between materials creation, materials removal and materials modification to address our customers' increasingly complex integration challenges. We are developing Integrated Materials Solutions that combine multiple process technologies, often within a single system. We launched our first Integrated Materials Platform in 2018 and are experiencing strong customer pull for earlier and deeper technology engagements. We are also expanding our role in the broader technology ecosystem, identifying new ways to deliver value with our technology. For example, we announced a collaboration with Arm to pioneer a new type of electronic switch for A.I. that mimics the way the human brain works to enable dramatic improvements in performance and power efficiency.

a p p l i e d m at e r i a l s 2 0 1 8 annual report

ACCELERATING INNOVATION FROM MATERIALS TO SYSTEMS As we expand our engagements across the ecosystem, one thing is clear: accelerating innovation ­ from materials to systems ­ is critical. To support new types of collaboration, we announced plans for our Materials Engineering Technology Accelerator ­ the META Center ­ which we plan to open in 2019. Located in Albany, New York, the META Center will extend the capabilities of our Maydan Technology Center in Silicon Valley to help speed availability of new chipmaking materials and process technologies. POSITIONED FOR GROWTH As more industries become increasingly dependent on technology and data to define their futures, Applied's core wafer fab equipment market is poised to be structurally larger and less volatile than it was in the past. This is due to a more diverse set of market drivers spanning

consumer, enterprise and industrial applications. We have also expanded our product portfolio to better address major technology inflections. For example, we significantly improved our position in memory, adding nearly 10 points of market share over the past five years. At the same time, we grew our Services business at a 15 percent compound annual growth rate over the past four years and see headroom for further expansion. Our Display business has achieved 25 percent compound annual growth over the past six years. As we enter 2019, Applied Materials is focused on expanding our role in the A.I.-Big Data era. Across the company, we are taking a long-term perspective and will continue to prioritize our spending towards R&D to enable major technology inflections for our customers and drive growth and shareholder value. Sincerely,

Thomas J. Iannotti
Chairman of the Board

Gary E. Dickerson
President and Chief Executive Officer

December 31, 2018

This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements, including those regarding anticipated growth and trends in our businesses and markets, industry outlooks, technology transitions, our business, strategies and financial performance, our development of new products, technologies and capabilities, and other statements that are not historical fact, and actual results could differ materially. Risk factors that could cause actual results to differ are set forth in the "Risk Factors" section of, and elsewhere in, our 2018 Form 10-K included in this report. All forward-looking statements are based on management's estimates, projections and assumptions as of the date hereof, and Applied Materials undertakes no obligation to update any such statements.

a p p l i e d m at e r i a l s 2 0 1 8 annual report

