De a r Fe l l ow Sh are hol de rs,
At Applied Materials, our innovations make possible the technology shaping the future. Our expertise in creating and modifying materials at atomic levels and on an industrial scale enables our customers to transform possibilities into reality. From the Internet of Things to autonomous vehicles, the new solutions the technology world is looking for depend on materials innovation. And that's what we do better than anyone else. By bringing together unmatched breadth and depth of materials engineering capabilities, our teams around the world are delivering the innovations that enable our customers' success and move the industry forward. As materials-enabled applications increasingly drive technological progress, Applied Materials becomes an ever more strategic partner. Our ability to combine our competencies, technologies and products in new ways sets us apart and allows us to sustainably grow faster than the markets we serve. GROWTH STRATEGY DELIVERING RESULTS Applied Materials' strategy of inflection-focused innovation is delivering profitable growth. In fiscal 2016, we grew orders, revenue and earnings to the highest levels in the company's history and made significant progress towards our longer-term strategic and financial goals. We delivered our highest semiconductor orders and revenue since the year 2000 and set all-time records for orders and revenue in display and service. Looking ahead, we see tremendous momentum across the company, and this gives us increased confidence that we can again raise the ceiling on our performance in 2017 and beyond. To fuel growth, we've focused our organization and investments to deliver highly differentiated products and services that enable customers to build new devices and structures that were never possible before. At the same time, we have implemented a new operating system for the company that is focused on repeatable success and increasing our new product hit rate. A key element of this is our product development engine that allows us to see technology inflections sooner, develop solutions faster and generate higher residual value from our large installed base of tools. MAJOR DRIVERS CREATE NEW OPPORTUNITIES In both semiconductor and display, we see dramatic advances in technology. We are in the early stages of large, multi-year industry inflections that are contributing to our record performance today and will fuel growth for years to come. The inflections include: · Memory customers aggressively ramping 3D NAND, the materials-enabled storage technology that significantly expands our addressable market. Foundry and logic customers making significant innovations in transistors and interconnects for 10 and 7 nanometer devices, fueling demand for our leadership products. Increasingly sophisticated circuit patterning approaches that use materials engineering to shrink devices. Significant innovations in display including the rapid introduction of organic LED (OLED) technology. And an acceleration of investment in China, which represents an important long-term growth opportunity for the industry.

·

· · ·

Looking further ahead, we are increasingly excited about emerging trends in virtual and augmented reality, big data and artificial intelligence, and autonomous vehicles. These new drivers for semiconductor and display span consumer, enterprise and industrial applications and layer on top of existing demand for mobility, PCs and other consumer electronics. These new applications require major advances in processing, networking and display technology along with huge demand for memory. SIGNIFICANT MOMENTUM IN SEMICONDUCTOR Our semiconductor systems business is seeing robust demand across the board and we expect that 2016 was a strong share gain year for Applied. In our leadership areas, growth is driven by foundry and logic inflections and also by memory as epitaxy, implant and rapid thermal processing are adopted for 3D NAND memory. We are also making significant market share gains in etch and CVD. Fiscal 2016 was our third consecutive year of

a p p l i e d m at e r i a l s 2 0 1 6 annual report

growth in CVD and fourth consecutive year of growth in etch, where revenues reached a nine-year high. Overall, our combined etch and CVD revenues exceeded $2.7 billion for the year. In inspection and process control, we also delivered our highest ever orders and revenue this year. We believe we gained significant share in e-beam inspection and secured the leadership position in the fast growing e-beam market. We are very excited by our product pipeline, where we are seeing rapid adoption of our innovative new solutions, including selective material removal, atomic-layer deposition (ALD) and Sym3 etch, which is the fastest ramping product in Applied's history. In service, our strategy is to deliver more value to customers with our advanced service products. Our service teams are more tightly aligned with our product groups than ever before. Together they are accelerating customer process ramps, improving device performance and yield, and optimizing output and operating costs for customers. As a result, when we look at year-on-year comparisons, we have grown our service business every single quarter for the past three years. NEW OPPORTUNITIES FOR DISPLAY Our display business is also setting records as displays get larger and more complex. Rapid growth in the market for large format TVs (60 inches and above) is driving investment in new Gen 10+ capacity as customers optimize their factories to accommodate bigger screens sizes. In parallel, there is a battle for leadership in next-generation mobile screens and broadening demand for our OLED manufacturing equipment. This is a great opportunity for Applied, as our available market for OLED is up to 10 times

larger than for a standard LCD factory. We are focused on building out our product portfolio to deliver the solutions our customers need to transition to new display products over the next few years. We have great traction with our new thin film encapsulation and e-beam review products for display, and we plan to introduce significant new products in 2017. SHAPING THE FUTURE We strongly believe that this is Applied's time. We set new performance records in 2016 and are seeing positive impacts from the investments we've made in our organization and product pipeline over the past several years. As we look ahead to 2017 and beyond, we see strength in our markets as large, multi-year inflections continue to play out and as new demand drivers layer on top of the demand generated by mobility and computing. Across the company, we are focused on extending our innovation leadership to make possible the technology shaping the future by enabling customers to build new devices and structures that were never possible before. This puts Applied Materials in a unique position to drive sustainable growth, raise the ceiling on our financial performance and generate compelling shareholder value. Sincerely,

Willem P. Roelandts
Chairman of the Board

Gary E. Dickerson
President and Chief Executive Officer

December 31, 2016

a p p l i e d m at e r i a l s 2 0 1 6 annual report

