To our stockholders,
Applied Materials produced a strong year in 2007, both financially and operationally.
We grew revenue to a record level, achieved a 24 percent increase over last year in earnings per share, and generated record operating cash flow that allowed the Company to return substantial cash to stockholders. At the same time, we made investments in research and development-- the key to new products and innovations--on pace with the highest levels in our history. Long the world leader for semiconductor equipment and solutions, we have extended that leadership position to become number one in equipment for flat panel liquid crystal displays and for energy-efficient glass coating, and soon for solar. In each of these areas, we outgrew the market this past year. Applied Materials' strategy for fiscal 2007 was clear-- grow in the core areas of our business, expand into new markets and achieve a new level of operating performance. And, we delivered on all three. Considerable positive changes occurred at Applied Materials in 2007 that point to a bright future for the Company as a valued investment for our stockholders. The newly-created Silicon Systems Group brings together all of Applied Materials' semiconductor equipment products into a single, unified organization and is the best structure to address the future opportunities for this business. To be at the forefront of the industry, we must lead in innovation, time-to-market, quality and reliability, customer satisfaction, and financial excellence. A single semiconductor equipment group strengthens our position in each of these dimensions, and offers the opportunity to capture the operating synergies of a streamlined organization. Applied Materials is recognized now as more than a semiconductor equipment company, reflecting Applied Materials emerged from 2007 with new capabilities and new opportunities that point to a bright future. Today, Applied is the global leader in nanomanufacturing technology with a broad portfolio of innovative equipment, service and software for the fabrication of semiconductor chips, flat panel displays, solar photovoltaic cells, flexible electronics and energy-efficient glass. Nanomanufacturing technology expands possibilities while driving down cost. Our long-standing commitment to this principle inspires While growing our top line, Applied is committed to reducing both the direct and indirect impact of our business operations and products on the environment. We have established a new goal for the sustainable operation of our global business. By 2012, Applied Materials intends to reduce its environmental footprint by at least 50,000 tons of carbon equivalents, or approximately 20 percent of the Company's footprint in 2006, and to improve the energy efficiency of our products by at least 20 percent. Also this year, we took steps to strengthen returns to stockholders. Since the beginning of fiscal 2006, we have returned $5.5 billion to our stockholders through share repurchases--including a $2.6 billion accelerated share repurchase program. And in 2007, our Board of Directors increased the cash dividend by 20 percent over 2006. the different markets and opportunities of our various businesses. In terms of opportunity, our entry into the solar photovoltaic area is exciting and leverages our core capabilities--the commercialization and distribution of sophisticated systems, thin films engineering and global reach--for growth in new markets.

2

a p p l i e d m at e r i a l s 07 annual report

everything we do. During our 40-year experience in the semiconductor industry, we have helped to drive down the cost of manufacturing transistors more than 20 million times while shrinking the dimensions of electronic circuitry to the point where it is measured in nanometers--billionths of a meter. We have enabled a dramatic reduction in the cost of high-quality, high-definition flat panel displays. And, now we are focusing this experience to bring new possibilities and new solutions for the conservation and generation of energy. This is Applied Materials' legacy of 40 years of innovation--we imagine what is possible, and then we make it a reality. Nanomanufacturing profoundly impacts the world we live in today, and the world our children will live in tomorrow. Our focus is on leading the nanomanufacturing technology revolution with innovations that transform markets, create opportunities, and offer a cleaner, brighter future to people around the globe. Revolutionary innovation demands more than fresh thinking in current markets. It means envisioning marketplace evolution where no one has seen it before. It means exploring new market opportunities and investing now in innovation for the future. We are leading nanomanufacturing by driving technology development, enabling our customers to create affordable innovations that ultimately change the world. We are revolutionizing nanomanufacturing by making it more productive and more green, with the goal of helping our customers reduce their carbon footprints.

At Applied Materials, our 40-year track record of opening and innovating markets is only the beginning. In 2008, with changing market dynamics, we will focus on execution and efficiency in all of our businesses and on expanding the building wave in solar. This is our time to demonstrate the power of applying nanomanufacturing technology to grow the company in our core areas and beyond. From semiconductors to solar, our vision is to apply nanomanufacturing technology to improve the way people live. We would like to thank you--our stockholders--for your confidence and support. Your commitment, along with the dedication of our customers, suppliers and the global team of Applied Materials employees, fuels our momentum. Together, we can create a bright future--one innovation at a time. Sincerely,

Michael R. Splinter
President and Chief Executive Officer

James C. Morgan
Chairman of the Board of Directors

December 14, 2007

a p p l i e d m at e r i a l s 07 annual report

3

