Dear Fellow Stockholders,
Thanks to strong execution by our employees around the world, Applied Materials delivered solid financial performance in fiscal 2012, while making considerable progress on strategic initiatives that position us for future growth. At the same time, in line with our commitment to increase stockholder value, we returned $1.85 billion to stockholders during the fiscal year through share repurchases and cash dividends. Since completing the acquisition of Varian Semiconductor Equipment Associates, we have made excellent progress combining the two companies. Today, we are well ahead of our synergy savings target, and we have deployed key talent from Varian's team into new roles in the company while bringing together our best practices in the areas of marketing, product development and customer support. New semiconductor innovation favors Applied In June, we announced the appointment of Gary Dickerson as president of Applied Materials. Gary is a seasoned and respected leader who brings a wealth of industry knowledge and an impressive track record of delivering winning products, high customer satisfaction and strong financial performance. Since joining our team, Gary has brought renewed focus to our growth strategy and is leading important changes that strengthen our product development capabilities. We enter 2013 with financial strength and optimism about our potential. In all of the industries we serve, the pace of technology change is accelerating together with the adoption of new materials. Increasing complexity creates new opportunities for Applied Materials to build on our leadership in precision materials engineering and grow our market share as we help our customers solve their highest value device performance and yield challenges. Our strategic priorities for the year ahead are clear: we will focus on growing our share of the semiconductor equipment market, we will make prudent, targeted investments to profitably grow our solar and display businesses, and we will strengthen our global organization in areas that are critical to our success. Incredible innovation is taking place within the industry. `Moore's Law' continues combined with an unrelenting pace of change in chip architectures, new materials and new manufacturing processes. Strong enduring partnerships and early R&D collaborations with our customers have never been more important to our success. We are prioritizing product investment in current and new markets where we see clear opportunities to leverage our precision materials engineering leadership and drive profitable growth. Around the world, we are strengthening our technical capabilities As consumers demand more features and longer battery life on their smartphones, tablets and PCs, the transistors at the very heart of these devices are becoming even more critical to performance. Customers are introducing increasingly complex transistor schemes into production ­ a trend that favors Applied's leadership areas and led to the strong performance from our transistor-related product lines as seen in fiscal 2012. In semiconductor, global appetite for mobile devices has supported a third consecutive year of wafer fabrication equipment spending in excess of $30 billion ­ the first time in the industry's history this has occurred. More mobile devices, more opportunity Applied Materials operates in some of the most dynamic, innovative and technology-intensive markets on earth. In semiconductor and display, the proliferation of mobile technologies is a powerful catalyst for growth. Smartphones, tablets and cloud computing are fundamentally transforming the way people all around the planet create, share, access and store information. The push for new features, better user experiences and extended battery life is accelerating innovations in chip and display technology while driving demand for application processors, NAND flash memory, high-resolution mobile display and touch panels. Intense competition between the leading manufacturers is resulting in exciting new products, rapid technology transitions and fast product ramps.

applied materials 2012 annual report

to best support customers as they endeavor to make incredible new technologies available to global consumers. Displays key to more consumer products In the display industry, this was the weakest year for TV investment since the birth of LCD TVs. Despite low revenue levels, our Display Group executed well and remained profitable in every quarter. As we enter 2013, supply and demand is coming back into balance driven by a significant increase in average TV sizes and strengthening demand in emerging markets. Mobility-related markets represented more than 80 percent of our display net sales for the year. We expect capacity investments for high-resolution mobile displays and touch panels to remain robust, as smartphone and tablet shipments grow and as mobile display technologies migrate to Ultrabook PCs. At the same time, we are in a period of intense technical innovation in display as our customers develop a new generation of high resolution, high performance LCD technologies and Organic Light Emitting Diode (OLED) screens that will provide consumers with improved visual experiences on their mobile products and TVs. These exciting inflections play to Applied Materials' strengths in transistor technology and large-area materials engineering, while increasing the available market for our equipment. World is adopting solar in its relentless search for energy In solar, as the industry increases manufacturing scale, the cost-learning curve is accelerating and we are seeing the economics of solar-generated electricity starting to work even in markets that lack government financial incentives for renewables. This is opening up new geographies to solar and supports our view that end-demand will continue to grow at healthy rates for years to come. At the same time, the current overcapacity within the supply chain has created an exceptionally challenging environment for solar manufacturers, resulting in extremely cautious investment by our customers.

As solar manufacturers strive to differentiate themselves in a highly competitive market, we foresee a number of critical technology inflections. Next-generation solar cell architectures are already in pilot production and will transition to volume manufacturing in the coming years. This creates opportunities to expand our applications content in the manufacturing process as producers look to incorporate new technology. We remain confident in the long-term potential of our Energy and Environmental Solutions business and we are making highly selective investments to extend our leadership in new enabling solar technologies. Until market conditions improve, we are implementing a significant reduction in our operating expenses to mitigate the impact of this business on our overall corporate earnings. Complex manufacturing relies on global service Our customers run some of the world's most sophisticated manufacturing operations. In each of the industries we serve, the movement to more complex manufacturing processes allows Applied to offer critical services that help customers improve the efficiency, output and reliability of their factories. We offer our customers an unmatched breadth of expertise and extensive global support infrastructure that maximize factory productivity and reduce overhead costs. As our customers introduce new technologies into production ­ from semiconductor to display to solar ­ Applied will be there with the services they need to get the most from their investment. Looking Ahead As we move into a new year, we are increasing our investments in our largest growth opportunities and we are restructuring the organization to make resources available to fund growth programs. These actions will ensure we are better positioned for future success and support our number one strategic priority of growing our share of the semiconductor equipment market.

applied materials 2012 annual report

Every day the creativity and hard work of our employees help enable global trends in electronics and energy that are improving the lives of people around the world. These trends provide an incredible platform for us to extend our technology leadership, grow the company and create value for our stockholders. Thank you for supporting our company and our vision. Sincerely,

Michael R. Splinter
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Gary E. Dickerson
President

December 31, 2012

applied materials 2012 annual report

