LETTER TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS

TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS,

Fiscal 2002 was another difficult year for the semiconductor industry and for Applied Materials. In the spring there were expectations that an industry recovery was underway; however, uncertainties in the global economic environment prolonged the downturn for the semiconductor capital equipment market. Financial results for fiscal 2002 reflected the weaker than expected economic recovery -- net sales of $5.06 billion were down 31% from $7.34 billion the previous year. Net income was $269 million, or $0.16 per diluted share, down from $508 million, or $0.30 per diluted share in fiscal 2001. New orders were slightly up at $6.14 billion, stronger earlier in the year but declining sharply in the fourth quarter, as customers reacted to slower economic growth by postponing or canceling orders. As we write this letter to our stockholders, the near term outlook for capital spending by our customers, and thus the outlook for our orders, remains unclear. Continued uncertainties surrounding a global economic recovery and lower visibility in overall demand for electronics products are holding back the upturn. While we wait for an inflection point, our entire organization is focused on activities we can do something about. During these difficult times, we do what we always do in downturns -- focus on profitability today and prepare the company to emerge once again as a stronger competitor when business conditions improve. We have continued to make the strategic investments in advanced technology, information technology infrastructure, global resources and service solutions that will help our customers to make more powerful, portable and affordable chips.
TECHNOLOGY LEADERSHIP

The penetration of semiconductors into new applications is an unrelenting force, continuing to drive end-user benefits by leveraging rapid progression in technical capability and capital efficiency. This force provides Applied Materials with major opportunities to drive our customers' productivity through unique solutions for enabling smaller device structures, implementing new materials and transitioning to the larger 300mm wafer size. Leading-edge semiconductor devices today require improved interconnect (copper wires with highly efficient insulators), novel transistor structures (requiring advanced -- "atomic layer" -- deposition techniques), alternative base materials (including silicon-on-insulator) and advanced lithography (requiring innovative reticle writing, anti-reflective films and wafer planarization and inspection solutions). The implementation of these new, highly interdependent production technologies presents our customers with an extraordinary integration challenge. Given the competitive pressures facing semiconductor manufacturers today, it is critical

5

LETTER TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS

for them to leverage process integration capabilities provided by equipment suppliers in order to accelerate their time to market and to reduce costs. Applied Materials is able to provide such integration knowledge and expertise through its Maydan Process Module Technology Center. Customers who take advantage of this capability are better able to reduce their costs and get new products to market faster. Furthermore, Applied Materials' evolution from discrete technologies to integrated solutions allows each of our individual products to be more integration-ready and thus more valuable to our customers.
REGIONAL LEADERSHIP

As the semiconductor industry migrates to new geographic regions, Applied Materials has always been first to recognize these shifts and use the "first mover" advantage to gain market share. Initially, it was Japan, then Korea, Taiwan, Singapore and now China. Applied Materials' significant capabilities in China made it possible for us to gain early market share and help a major customer start up its new fabrication plant in record time. The continuing shift and concentration of semiconductor manufacturing to Asia represents the largest move in the history of the industry. For the majority of new entrants, this is their first major semiconductor manufacturing ramp. Therefore, they need not only technology, but also on-site 24-hour support to get their fabs up and running and keep them at peak performance. To service the growing number of customers in Asia, we have created a new regional infrastructure -- Applied Materials Asia -- to optimize our resources throughout the region and to provide the most comprehensive support possible to our customers there.
L E A D E R S H I P I N S E RV I C E

In this changing world, companies must be able to provide value and support customers on a global basis. At Applied Materials, we have led the industry in delivering the best global support. Over the past several years, we have introduced a number of innovative service solutions to increase efficiency for our customers on a factory-wide level--Total Support Package, Total Parts Management, Total Kit Management and now our new Process Excursion Control. These services are part of our "Total Solutions" approach--listening to what customers need and targeting our product and service plans to allow customers to boost their efficiency and advance their technology capabilities. We also believe the culture of Applied Materials is vital to supporting our customers on a global basis. Our product development teams are multi-cultural and multi-disciplined, providing the broadest possible exchange of ideas in designing and supporting a new system or process application. Our regional teams are composed of local people who build relationships with customers over time, assisted by account teams to manage customer support activities on a global basis. We believe this approach allows us to leverage our product innovation and operational skills for mutual benefit with customers. Helping our customers to succeed is Applied Materials' prime objective.

6

LETTER TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS

O P E R AT I O N A L A N D F I N A N C I A L L E A D E R S H I P

What gives Applied Materials the resources and flexibility to continue to innovate is the strength of our balance sheet. Our balance sheet is the strongest in our industry, allowing us to focus on the future--and on opportunities to increase our business leadership when conditions improve. Fiscal 2002 was a challenging year operationally, as we responded to rapidly changing business conditions. Despite changing volume requirements for manufacturing, we were still able to improve product cost and quality and achieve industry "best in class" for safety and on-time delivery. In addition, we continued to spend throughout this period on critical information technology to enable a better interface with our customers and suppliers on a global real time basis. With the industry's best information technology capability, major improvements in manufacturing efficiencies, ramp readiness, and all 300mm programs transferred to volume manufacturing, our business model is highly leveraged for an industry improvement.
T H E S E M I C O N D U C T O R I N D U S T RY -- A G R O W T H I N D U S T RY

The semiconductor industry has made a huge contribution to the U.S. economy over the past 10 years, adding over $500 billion, or almost one-third of all productivity gains since the mid-1990s alone. The rapid penetration of technology into our everyday lives has been astounding. The first billion people were connected to each other via the Internet and mobile phone by the end of the first quarter of 2001. The next billion people are expected to connect just four short

GLOBAL LEADERSHIP

V I S I O N O F I N N O VAT I O N

Create a shared vision and commitment to innovation in all organizations and activities.
MARKET LEADERSHIP VA L U E S

Build a culture of achievement based on a set of core values -- Close to the Customer, Mutual Trust and Respect, World-Class Performance--shared by employees around the world.
WORLD-CLASS WORKFORCE

Early leaders win. Focus on markets where it's possible to take the leadership share.
GLOBAL PRESENCE

Control our destiny in global markets with strong local management and capabilities.
MANAGEMENT EXCELLENCE

Attract, retain and develop the best people in the world and provide a global knowledge base for collaboration and effective decision-making.

Develop a capable management team that can translate vision into performance. Leverage scale and profitability to invest strategically.

7

LETTER TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS

years later, by 2005. Products and technology applications to support this rapid penetration must surely lead to further growth of semiconductors. And critical to the continuation of this growth is the enabling technology provided by Applied Materials and the wafer equipment segment. Applied Materials is ready. When the economy improves, we are ready to support our customers in increasing their production for copper, 130 nanometer technology and 300mm. And we're ready for the next technology generation-- most of our products are shipping now for 90 and 65 nanometer development and production work. We have a full pipeline of new products, with plans to roll out about one major product a month over the current fiscal year. Our manufacturing capacity is in place, and we've significantly increased our service and support capabilities all over the globe. At Applied Materials, one of our key sayings is that "change is the medium of opportunity." Over the past 35 years, we have witnessed great change in our industry and benefited from it. The strategic investments we have made during this long downturn have not only increased our leadership position in the industry today, but have given us a great launching point to capitalize on a stronger market for chips in the future. This is why we believe that Applied Materials will remain one of the great global competitors of the still-young Information Age. We would like to thank our customers, investors, employees, partners and suppliers around the world for their patience and support during these challenging times.

Sincerely,

James C. Morgan
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Dan Maydan
President

8

