It is an honor to share my vision for AMD in my first shareholder letter as President and CEO. AMD is a company with a rich, 45 year history of being at the leading edge of technology. I joined AMD because I believe that we have an extraordinary combination of technology assets, engineering talent, and intellectual property to lead the next wave of innovation. My conviction in that belief grows stronger every day. 2014: BUILDING A STRONGER AMD We made good progress in 2014 strengthening AMD. We further diversified our business, introduced strong new products, and improved our non-GAAP financial performance while also investing in key technology building blocks to fuel our future success. In 2014, we introduced our most advanced A-Series APU ever, offering industryleading graphics and superior total compute performance. We also delivered the world's fastest server GPU and desktop graphics card, and took several key steps to foster the development of robust 64-bit ARM® server and embedded ecosystems in advance of our first ARM solutions launching in 2015. AMD-powered game consoles from Microsoft and Sony continued gaining momentum in the year, with their combined sales now reportedly outpacing the previous generation by nearly 60 percent at the same point in their lifecycle. Apple expanded its use of AMD graphics technology, introducing the groundbreaking AMD RadeonTM-powered Apple® iMac® with Retina® 5K display. Also, we doubled the number of AMD-based commercial client design wins from the previous year as new offerings from Dell, HP, and Lenovo helped us expand in this strategic portion of the PC market. Finally, we took important steps improving the financial foundation of the company, reducing annual non-GAAP operating expense approximately 11 percent and re-profiling our near-term debt maturities. As a result, we achieved annual revenue growth for the first time since 2011 and delivered non-GAAP profitability for the year. I am optimistic we can continue building on this momentum and deliver long-term revenue and earnings growth as we further drive our high-performance IP into new markets. SEIZING FUTURE OPPORTUNITY The number of connected devices is growing at an exponential rate and is expected to reach 50 billion by 2020 as we approach the "Internet of Things" era. This will include tens of billions of smart devices that collect data across every aspect of our lives, doubling the volume of data created and stored every year and reaching an estimated 44 zetabytes in 2020. To put this number in context, in 2009 all the data produced and stored in the digital universe was estimated to be 500 exabytes...or roughly 1 percent of the data we are expected to produce and store in 2020. We are making bold and significant investments to position AMD for success in anticipation of this explosion of devices and content. These include extending our leading-edge computing, graphics, and visualization technologies and expanding our design, integration, and software capabilities to take advantage of this tremendous opportunity to shape and lead the future of computing. Our goal is simple: to become the recognized leader powering the life-changing products and experiences that allow users to create, consume, store, process, and share seamlessly across billions of interconnected devices.
DIVERSIFYING TO HIGH-GROWTH AREAS
CORE MARKETS GROWTH MARKETS

~10% ~90%
2012 Actual

~30% ~70%
2013 Actual

~40% ~60%
2014 Actual

~50% ~50%
2015 Year-End Projecon

STRENGTHENING OUR COMPUTING AND GRAPHICS BUSINESS The PC has been an integral part of AMD's success for the past several decades and we believe it will continue to be one of the key devices in the computing landscape going forward. As the PC market matures, annual sales are stabilizing around 300 million units. High-performance compute and graphics chips sales are expected to reach approximately $40 billion in 2017. Our PC strategy is focused on creating great products with graphics and compute performance-per-watt leadership. We have unmatched IP and design capabilities to create more instinctive, intuitive, and immersive PC experiences that enable: · · · New levels of performance and efficiency for commercial and consumer PCs; Absolute performance leadership for professional content creators; The ultimate in visual and audio immersion for gaming, ultra-high definition displays, and virtual reality.

The strong computing and graphics products we plan to introduce in 2015 and beyond will bring more natural user experiences, and expanded productivity and entertainment capabilities to both traditional PCs and new types of devices. Our focus will be on profitable growth and ensuring we deepen our relationships with key customers as we deliver new and differentiated experiences. EXPANDING OUR ENTERPRISE, EMBEDDED, AND SEMI-CUSTOM BUSINESS In the last two years, we have successfully built our Enterprise, Embedded, and Semi-Custom solutions segment into a $2.4 billion business with strong momentum and a solid design win pipeline capable of delivering continued growth. The best example of our progress executing this strategy is the rapid growth of our semi-custom gaming SoC shipments, which more than doubled from 2013 to 2014. Going forward, we see significant demand for AMD solutions in the enterprise, embedded, and highperformance computing spaces which address the growth of data and content in a world of 50 billion connected devices. We are focused on a number of key opportunities in the data center, storage, telecom infrastructure, and medical imaging markets as well as visually-demanding embedded applications such as digital signage, gaming, and machine vision for factory automation. Revenue for high-performance silicon across these markets is expected to top $25 billion in 2017. AMD is the only company in the industry that can provide customers with a "continuum" of standard-to-custom products that can leverage high-performance 64-bit x86 and ARM processor cores, industry-leading GPU IP, and highly-efficient modular design capabilities. We believe these capabilities can drive continued growth as we expand our presence in targeted markets with customers who require higher levels of compute and visualization performance. OUR PATH FORWARD I am truly excited by the opportunities in front of us. As we go through 2015, we will continue to sharpen our go-to-market approach and investment priorities with a focus on building great products, deepening our customer relationships, and simplifying our business. AMD is at our best when we are delivering differentiated technology and innovation to our customers. Now, we must leverage our unique position to enable more industry-leading products across a broader, yet targeted set of customers and markets. All of the key elements are in place ­ clear priorities, unique technical capabilities, talented people, and a streamlined organization ­ to create a faster, bolder AMD capable of realizing our full potential.

Dr. Lisa Su President and Chief Executive Officer

