Letter to Shareholders
 We Had a Record Year
AMETEK had a great year in
2017. We delivered excellent growth across all key financial metrics, while continuing to invest strategically in our businesses.
We generated record sales, with broad-based organic growth across our businesses. We produced record orders, providing us with a solid outlook entering 2018. We had record-level cash flow and diluted earnings per share, reflecting the underlying strength of our business model.
Our sales in 2017 were $4.3 billion, up 12% from 2016. We had operating income of $937 million, up 11% over 2016, and an operating margin of 21.8%. Fully diluted earnings per share were $2.61, up
13% from $2.30 per diluted share in 2016. Operating cash flow, excluding a discretionary pension contribution during the year, was $883 million, up 17% from 2016.
Simply put, the AMETEK operating model is working.
2018 Outlook
As we look ahead, we are confident we can deliver
strong performance in 2018.
Our businesses are well positioned in highly attractive market segments, each with compelling growth characteristics.
We expect our businesses to continue to successfully execute each of our growth strategies
and deliver excellent results in
the short term by providing our customers with differentiated technology solutions. And, we will continue to invest strategically to capitalize on growth opportunities.
Recent US tax reform legislation is a positive for AMETEK. We will see a lower effective tax rate and have more efficient access to our cash outside the United States, which will provide us with even greater financial flexibility. The benefits of tax reform, however, do not change our fundamental approach to investment and capital allocation.
We will continue to invest appropriately in our businesses to support their growth initiatives. Given our asset-light business
2
ÒOur businesses performed exceptionally well in 2017, and our outlook for the year ahead is positive. We
have high confidence in our business model and are committed to achieving our strategic vision and goals.Ó
 2017 Stock Price Performance
model, those investments will focus on our sales, research and development activities. The top priority for our strong free cash flow remains strategic acquisitions.
We will continue to make opportunistic share repurchases and pay a modest dividend, as we have done in the past. Reflecting our confidence in the underlying strength of the cash flow from our businesses, we announced a 56% increase in our quarterly dividend for 2018.
Strategic Vision and Goal
Our goal is to deliver double-digit growth in sales and earnings over the business cycle. With
our strong and proven business model, we are confident we
can achieve that goal. Guiding our efforts is a commitment to our Four Growth Strategies: Operational Excellence, Strategic Acquisitions, New Products,
and Global & Market Expansion. Those strategies work in concert
to leverage the strength of our businesses and are scalable to create additional value for our shareholders.
Operational Excellence
Operational Excellence is AMETEKÕs cornerstone strategy. It is well engrained within our culture. Operational Excellence encompasses a broad set of systems, processes and tools used to support each of our other growth strategies. We use it to improve production efficiencies,
60% 40% 20%
0%
Russell 1000 Index S&P 500 Index AMETEK, Inc.
49.1%
 19.3% 19.4%
  
 leverage our global sales and service capabilities, drive sourcing efficiencies, improve our new product development, and identify new growth opportunities.
We are pleased with the success of our Operational Excellence activities. In 2017, we realized more than $100 million in savings from those initiatives. Most
of those savings came from
our global sourcing, strategic procurement and highly successful Value Analysis/Value Engineering activities.
We have seen very positive results from the expansion of Operational Excellence tools focused on organic sales
growth. Those expanded tools are targeted at improving our sales and marketing processes. Among them are growth kaizens Ð specific, continuous-improvement projects targeted at expanding our market share in attractive growth markets or geographic regions. We are very pleased with our initial success and expect to expand them further across more businesses to drive continued profitable growth.
Operational Excellence is an important tool in achieving outstanding working capital and asset management results. In each of those areas, we rank among the best of our peers and see further opportunities
to reduce working capital and increase our strong cash flow.
Strategic Acquisitions
Acquisitions remain key to
our growth. We are an active, experienced and disciplined acquirer. We are confident in our ability to identify strong acquisition candidates and to successfully integrate them into AMETEK.
And, we have sufficient financial capacity and flexibility to pursue additional acquisitions.
Since the beginning of
2017, we have acquired four businesses, deployed nearly $800 million in capital, and acquired approximately $290 million in revenue.
In 2017, we acquired:
Rauland-Borg, a leader in the design and delivery of critical communications solutions for hospitals, health systems and educational facilities. Rauland greatly expands our presence in health care markets and provides us with an important new growth platform. Rauland looks to build
on its premier product and brand position within the United States by expanding internationally.
MOCON, a leader in moisture and gas analysis instruments used in research and quality control applications. MOCON nicely complements our existing gas analysis business and provides us with opportunities to further expand in the food and pharmaceutical packaging test market.
  3
Tribute to Frank S. Hermance
Chief Executive Officer (1999-2016) Chairman (2001-2016)
Executive Chairman (2016-2017)
Frank Hermance retired on
July 7, 2017, as Executive Chairman after a 27-year career at AMETEK that included 17 years as Chief Executive Officer. During his tenure, he led a highly successful transformation of AMETEK into a leading global, diversified manufacturing company.
Under his leadership, AMETEK saw improvements in all key financial metrics. He used acquisitions and internal development to shift AMETEK into highly differentiated businesses and establish new growth platforms. He focused on Operational Excellence to achieve operating improvements and added to AMETEKÕs reputation as a technology leader and product innovator.
Equally important, Frank
built a diverse and talented management team, while encouraging an empowered, team-oriented workforce. He did all of that while remaining conscious of AMETEKÕs role as a corporate citizen, both locally and internationally.
 
  William J. Burke
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Arizona Instrument, a leader in high-quality precision instruments used in advanced moisture and
toxic gas analysis for such industries as food, pharmaceutical, chemical, and environmental. Its products are considered the gold standard in terms of precision and reliability.
Already in 2018, we have acquired:
FMH Aerospace, a leader in highly engineered and differentiated components used in the aerospace, defense and space markets. Its products facilitate the transfer of fluids and gases at extreme temperatures and pressures in highly demanding applications. FMH currently supports
Tony J. Ciampitti
President, Electronic Instruments
more than 100 aerospace and defense programs and is an excellent addition to our Thermal Management Systems business. It brings us strong positions across a wide range of attractive aerospace and defense platforms.
Global & Market Expansion
AMETEK is well established outside the United States, with international sales accounting for more than half
of our total sales. We are committed to further expanding our global presence with additional investment
in our sales and service infrastructure, based on our international growth potential and the increasingly global customer base for our products.
John Wesley Hardin
President, Electronic Instruments
We experienced robust international growth in 2017, with strength across both Europe and Asia. Our Electronic Instruments businesses in particular saw excellent growth internationally, reflecting their global customer base and continued investment in sales
and service infrastructure in key international markets.
We also added to our global manufacturing footprint, expanding our presence in Subotica, Serbia, where we envision a multiproduct, multibusiness manufacturing and technology campus. That campus, our third worldwide, will be similar to the operations we have in Reynosa, Mexico, and Shanghai, China.
New Products
New products are integral to our long-term success. Our businesses do a great job developing new products and finding innovative ways to expand our technology into adjacent markets and applications. Our businesses work closely with their customers to help them solve their most complex challenges with differentiated technology solutions.
As a result, we are committed to maintaining a sizeable investment
in research, development and engineering. In 2017, we invested $221 million in those activities. That
is a 10% increase over 2016, and more than 5% of our total sales. In 2018, we expect to invest upwards of $235 million in research, development and engineering.
  $400
$300
$200
$100
$0
Total Return to Shareholders
                        The chart depicts the performance of $100 invested in AMETEK, Inc., versus the S&P 500 and Russell 1000 Indexes on December 31, 2007, including reinvestment of dividends. AMETEKÕs total return to shareholders 10-year CAGR is 14%.
4
12/31/2007 12/31/2008
12/31/2009 12/31/2010
12/31/2011 12/31/2012
12/31/2013 12/31/2014
12/31/2015 12/31/2016
12/31/2017

  Timothy N. Jones
President, Electromechanical Group
We consistently apply proven tools and techniques to improve results from our new product development efforts. Those include Value Analysis/ Value Engineering, Design for Six Sigma, and Voice of Customer programs. We are leveraging our India Engineering Center to provide our businesses with high-quality research and development capabilities.
Among the ways we gauge our new product success is through our vitality index, which measures the amount of sales we generate from new products. By that measure, sales from products introduced in the past three years accounted for a very strong 24% of our 2017 sales.
Our recent product launches include award-winning imaging technology and inspection tools; advanced workflow solutions for hospitals and health care facilities; high-reliability and programmable power supplies and test equipment; and cutting- edge process and materials analysis instruments.
Strong Foundation
AMETEKÕs businesses are built
on the strong foundation of our growth strategies. Supporting those strategies is a dedicated global workforce and highly experienced management team. We are committed to providing our customers with world-class products and services and achieving consistent and superior returns for our shareholders.
Thomas C. Marecic
President, Electronic Instruments
We also are dedicated to the highest standards of business ethics and behavior.
All colleagues must adhere to a written Code of Ethics. I and my senior financial managers must adhere to an additional Financial Code of Ethics. Our senior managers are required to actively monitor a well-established system of financial controls, and there are additional safeguards in place to ensure the integrity and regulatory compliance of our businesses.
We are committed as a company to a corporate culture that values diversity and fosters a work environment that enables our colleagues to develop meaningful and rewarding careers. We challenge our senior managers to recruit, train and develop colleagues with diverse backgrounds and experiences.
We are responsible corporate citizens committed to operating our facilities in an environmentally responsible manner. Many of our products support sustainability initiatives,
such as the production of renewable fuels and solar energy; reduction of potentially harmful emissions and greenhouse gases; improvement
in material, process and energy efficiencies; and delivery of value- based health care around the globe.
We are sensitive to the needs of our communities and, as a company, support programs that help them
Ronald J. Oscher
Chief Administrative Officer
meet their health, education and social needs. As part of that commitment, we made a significant contribution to our corporate charitable foundation in 2017.
Seamless Transition
As part of a planned management succession, Frank Hermance retired in July as Executive Chairman of
the Board. I am personally grateful
to Frank for his guidance and support. On behalf of my AMETEK colleagues, I thank him for his dedicated service. A tribute to Frank and his contributions to our company accompanies this letter.
We also thank James Malone, who retires from our Board this May after 24 years of service. We are extremely grateful for his many contributions to AMETEK.
Finally, I join with my AMETEK colleagues in expressing our appreciation to our shareholders for their support and confidence. We look forward to reporting the results of our efforts on your behalf.
David A. Zapico
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
March 16, 2018
 5
