Letters to Shareholders
Our Record Year in Review
2011 was our best year ever. We established records for
sales, operating income, operating margins and diluted
earnings per share. Our results were driven by strong growth
in our core businesses and the contributions of acquired
businesses. Our relentless focus on Operational Excellence
continued to drive our profi tability and margin improvements.
Our sales in 2011 were $3.0 billion, up 21% from 2010.
Operating income was $636 million, up 32% from $482 million
in 2010. Our operating margins were 21.3%, a 180-basis-point
improvement over 2010. Our full-year net income was $384
million, up $101 million from 2010. Our diluted earnings per
share were $2.37, a 35% increase from $1.76 earned in 2010.
All are records for AMETEK.
Outlook for 2012
Our outlook for 2012 is for continued strong performance.
We expect solid growth from our higher-margin, longer-cycle
oil, gas, power and aerospace businesses. We believe that
our strong business portfolio, proven operational capabilities,
lower cost structure and successful focus on strategic
acquisitions will result in excellent business performance
in 2012.
In the year ahead, we will build on our success. We will
continue to acquire highly differentiated businesses and
pursue growth opportunities in new and emerging markets
and technologies. We will increase our commitment to new
product development and expand our sales and marketing
efforts overseas.
Clear Vision and Strategy
Our vision is to double the size and profi ts of AMETEK
over the next fi ve years. To accomplish this vision we have
Four Growth Strategies: Operational Excellence, Strategic
Acquisitions, New Products and Global & Market Expansion.
We have a solid and proven management team focused on
implementing those strategies. Supporting that team effort is a
disciplined approach to managing our businesses and a strict
adherence to a strong set of core corporate values.
Operational Excellence
Operational Excellence is our cornerstone strategy. With its
focus on cost and asset management, operating effi ciencies
and sustainable practices, Operational Excellence has driven
both our competitive and fi nancial success. It is the key to
achieving profi t margin improvements across the Company.
Our full-year operating margin in 2011 was 21.3%, an
all-time record. There are many facets to Operational Excellence within
AMETEK. It includes lean manufacturing initiatives, Six Sigma
process improvements in our factories and back offi ces, and
Design for Six Sigma as part of new product development.
Operational Excellence has helped us establish a lean
manufacturing platform for our cost-driven businesses and
allowed us to smoothly expand best-cost manufacturing at
our plants in China, the Czech Republic and Mexico. Sales
from those plants totaled nearly $360 million in 2011, up 8%
from 2010, and are expected to top $400 million in 2012.
We also continued to drive lower costs through our Global
Sourcing and Strategic Procurement Initiatives, which yielded
$30 million in savings in 2011.
Strategic Acquisitions
We made fi ve excellent acquisitions in 2011, deploying
$475 million in capital and acquiring businesses with
approximately $215 million in annual revenues. In the last
two years, we have invested over $1 billion in acquisitions,
acquiring businesses with approximately $430 million in
annual revenue.
Equally important, we added to our position in several highly
attractive markets, including custom medical components,
high-end analytical instruments, and electrical test and
measurement equipment.
Our 2011 acquisitions:
• Avicenna Technology, a leading supplier of fi ne-featured
components for leads and guide wires used in catheters
and other medical devices
• Coining, Inc., a global leader in custom-shaped metalpreforms, microstampings and bonding wire solutions for
electronic devices and microelectronics packaging
• Reichert Technologies, a leader in high-technology
instruments used for vision correction and the diagnosis
of eye diseases. Reichert invented the industry-standard
Phoroptor® refraction device for vision correction diagnosis.
• EM Test, a Swiss manufacturer of electronic test
and measurement equipment and a global leader in
electrical immunity and electromagnetic compatibility
testing equipment
•Technical Manufacturing Corporation, a world leader in
high-performance vibration isolation systems used with
highly sensitive instruments, such as scanning electron
microscopes and ultraprecision machine tools All of the acquired businesses are leaders in niche markets
with unique and highly differentiated products. Each helps us
expand into markets adjacent to those we already serve and
provides us with exciting new opportunities for growth.
We will continue to focus on acquisitions. Already in 2012,
we have acquired O’Brien Corporation, a leader in fluid and
gas handling solutions, sample conditioning equipment and
process analyzers. These products are used in the oil and
gas, petrochemical, power generation, pharmaceutical and
semiconductor industries. Combining O’Brien with our existing
analytical instruments business, we now offer our customers a
broader range of solutions for their process analysis needs.
New Products
New product development is essential to our long-term
growth. Over the years, regardless of the economic cycle,
we consistently have maintained our investment in research,
development and engineering. In 2011, we spent a record
$138 million on these activities, up 23% from 2010. In the
last five years, we have invested $570 million to develop and
launch new products.
Our ability to develop innovative new products and market
them successfully is among our greatest strengths. Sales of
products introduced in the last three years represent nearly
20% of our total revenues, reflecting our ability to introduce
the right products to serve our customers’ needs.
In 2012, we expect to spend approximately $155 million on
new product development, a 13% increase over 2011 and
another new record.
Among our recent product introductions are compact motors
and motion control devices for applications that include
medical devices, factory automation and robotics; highly
robust process analyzers and other instruments for controlling
processes, monitoring emissions, and improving energy
efficiency; high-speed and infrared cameras for industrial
and military applications; and advanced imaging and
analysis tools used in basic research, materials science and
ultraprecision manufacturing.
Global & Market Expansion
Global and market expansion is a critical growth driver for
AMETEK. Sales to markets outside the United States have
grown dramatically in recent years, reflecting our increased
investment in sales and marketing worldwide as well as
our acquisition of businesses with a significant presence in
overseas markets.
International sales accounted for 50% of our total sales in
2011. We have set a goal of increasing that percentage to
60% of our total revenues, reflecting our increasingly diverse
global customer base as well as the growth potential of our
businesses overseas.
In 2011, AMETEK international sales totaled $1.5 billion, up
24% from 2010. We now operate more than 40 manufacturing
plants and nearly 90 sales and service centers in 40 countries
outside the United States. We are especially focused on building our presence in the
BRIC countries (Brazil, Russia, India and China), where our
orders were up 35% in 2011.
In China, we have a well-established manufacturing base and
have greatly expanded our sales and marketing efforts. We
have ramped up our marketing and engineering capabilities in
India and are completing a 140,000-square-foot manufacturing
facility in Brazil to better serve our Latin American customers.
Discipline and Core Values
Underlying our corporate culture is a disciplined approach to
business and a set of strong core values.
Our disciplined management approach guides our investment
in new products and facilities, assists us in identifying and
integrating newly acquired businesses, and allows us to
continuously improve our operations so they can quickly align
their cost structure to changing economic realities.
First among our core corporate values is a commitment
to the highest standards of business behavior and ethical
responsibility. All AMETEK colleagues are required to adhere
to a written Code of Ethics. We have an additional Financial
Code of Ethics for the Chief Executive Offi cer and senior
fi nancial managers.
We maintain a strong system of fi nancial controls
that is actively monitored by senior management, and we
have implemented additional safeguards to ensure the
integrity and compliance of our businesses and
fi nancial systems.
In addition, we are committed to a culture that values
diversity and fosters a work environment that allows our
colleagues to develop meaningful and rewarding careers. We
also actively challenge senior managers to recruit, train and
develop individuals with diverse backgrounds and experience.
We are sensitive to the needs of our local communities,
actively supporting programs that foster good corporate
citizenship, promote the health and welfare of AMETEK
communities, and support sustainable practices.
We are committed to operating our plants and facilities
worldwide in an environmentally responsible manner.
In addition, many of our products support sustainability
initiatives, including the production of renewable fuels and
solar energy. We also are a leader in process instruments used
to monitor and reduce greenhouse gas emissions and improve
energy effi ciency.
We are committed to providing our customers with world-
class products and services and our shareholders with
consistent and superior returns on their investment.
Positive Outlook
We expect another year of solid growth, especially for our
oil, gas, power and aerospace businesses. With our strong
portfolio of businesses, proven Operational Excellence
capabilities and successful focus on strategic acquisitions, we
expect to perform well in 2012.
We have the most diverse and experienced management
team in our history. Our Four Growth Strategies have yielded
excellent results, and we expect them to continue to create
value for our shareholders.
AMETEK colleagues worldwide are committed to our
success. Through their hard work and dedication, we will
achieve our vision for AMETEK. Their efforts are refl ected in
our strong stock price performance.
Over the past fi ve years, our stock price performance
has signifi cantly outpaced our benchmark indexes—the
Russell 1000 and Dow Jones U.S. Electronic Equipment
Indexes—and resulted in a total return to our shareholders
of more than 100%.
Finally, on behalf of my AMETEK colleagues, I thank you for
your continued support and confi dence. We greatly appreciate
your investment in AMETEK and look forward to reporting
back to you the results of our efforts.
Frank S. Hermance
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Offi cer
March 16, 2012
