                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Letter to Shareholders
We enter 2010 financially strong. We have outstanding businesses and a solid growth plan.
          and our commitment to invest in new products, new markets and global expansion.
Outlook for 2010
We are seeing improvements in many of our markets. Our fourth quarter 2009 results reflected sequentially higher sales, improved profitability and excellent cash flow. Order rates from our customers increased 20% from the prior quarter and were up 4% year over year. Also, the order rate improvement has carried into the first quarter of 2010.
For the year, we expect our businesses overall to show modest growth and for this growth to become more evident as we move through the year. We believe our strong portfolio of businesses, proven operational capabilities and lower cost structure, along with our continued focus on strategic acquisi- tions and internal development, will be reflected in our results for 2010.
Decade of Transformation
2009 was a single year in a decade of dramatic change for AMETEK. Over the course of that decade,
we used acquisitions and internal development to transform AMETEK into a global manufacturer of highly differentiated electronic instruments and electromechanical devices.
We acquired dozens of businesses, added new growth platforms, expanded lean manufacturing facilities, and increased sales and marketing worldwide. The results were significant.
Our sales topped $1 billion for the first time in 2000 and $2 billion in
                                                                           Frank S. Hermance
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
               2 AMETEK 2009 ANNUAL REPORT
  2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999

                                  Total Return to Shareholders
            $900 800 700 600 500 400 300 200 100
0
12/31 12/31 1999 2000
12/31 2001
12/31 12/31 12/31 2002 2003 2004
Russell 1000
12/31 12/31 2005 2006
12/31 12/31 12/31 2007 2008 2009
              AMETEK, Inc.
Dow Jones U.S. Electronic Equipment
 The chart depicts the performance of $100 invested in AMETEK, Inc. versus the Russell 1000 and the Dow Jones U.S. Electronic Equipment Indexes on December 31, 1999, including reinvestment of dividends.
2007. At the start of the decade, less than a third of our sales were interna- tional. Today, it’s half. We expanded our global footprint from 15 countries in 1999 to nearly 40 today.
We saw similarly dramatic improvement in our operating results. Group operating margins improved from 15% in 1999 to 19% in 2009. Despite a difficult economy, our businesses generated $365 million
in operating cash flow in 2009, compared with $87 million in 1999.
Those results are reflected in our strong stock price performance. Over the past decade, our stock price has increased more than sixfold, signifi- cantly outpacing the returns of our benchmark indexes (the Russell 1000 and the Dow Jones U.S. Electronic Equipment Indexes), each of which is below the level it was a decade ago.
The driving force behind our transformation was the solid execu- tion of our Four Growth Strategies: Operational Excellence, Strategic Acquisitions & Alliances, Global & Market Expansion and New Product Development. Guiding the ap- plication of those strategies was an emphasis on growing the differenti- ated portion of AMETEK’s business portfolio.
Our differentiated businesses compete on the basis of product capability, rather than price, and offer higher margins and better overall returns. Today, they account for 90% of our business. We have managed
our cost-driven businesses, which make up the remaining 10%, to ensure maximum operating efficiency and strong cash generation.
Our Vision of the Future
As we enter the second decade of this century, we remain committed to achieving our vision of doubling the size and profitability of AMETEK over the next five years and our goal of double-digit percentage growth in earnings per share over the business cycle.
To achieve our vision and goal, we will continue to focus on acquiring differentiated businesses, pursuing opportunities in new and emerging technologies, and establishing additional growth platforms for the Company.
Building on a Solid Foundation
Our Four Growth Strategies serve as the foundation for our Corporate Growth Plan. Supporting those strategies is a proven management team that utilizes a disciplined busi- ness approach and adheres to a set of strong core corporate values.
Operational Excellence
Much of our success is due to the Operational Excellence culture that exists within AMETEK. Operational Excellence serves as the cornerstone for our Corporate Growth Plan. It is an essential factor in our ability to
leverage our business model and bring higher sales to the bottom line. It allows us to achieve synergies from newly acquired businesses and consistently deliver quality and value to our customers.
Operational Excellence drives
our focus on cost reduction and asset management. It allowed us to quickly implement our cost reduction initiatives and to maintain group operating margins at a healthy 19% in 2009, despite the economic and competitive pressures faced by our businesses.
Operational Excellence has been pivotal in achieving superior working capital and asset management results. We continue to rank above many of our peers in terms of work- ing capital performance and see opportunities to further reduce our working capital requirements going forward, helping to drive the cash flows that support our growth plan.
Operational Excellence is the key to achieving improved operating efficiencies. It allowed us to establish a lean manufacturing platform for
our floor care motors—our most cost-driven business—and smoothly expand our low-cost manufacturing at plants in China, the Czech Repub- lic and Mexico.
Throughout 2009, we were proac- tive about reducing costs, and, as we move through 2010, we will continue to aggressively pursue productivity improvements and cost reductions. Supporting those cost reductions are several Companywide initiatives such as our Global Sourcing and Stra- tegic Procurement Initiative, which generated $22 million in incremental
      AMETEK 2009 ANNUAL REPORT 3

                                   John J. Molinelli
Executive Vice President– Chief Financial Officer
savings in 2009 with additional sav- ings expected in 2010.
Strategic Acquisitions
Acquisitions will continue to play an important role as we look to grow
in existing and adjacent markets. We remain an active and disciplined acquirer with strict acquisition criteria, seeking businesses in niche markets that complement our exist- ing businesses or offer opportunities in higher-growth markets.
We conduct a thorough due diligence process to ensure that
the business to be acquired meets our strategic and financial criteria. And, once it’s acquired, we quickly integrate it to capitalize on synergies with existing businesses, paying close attention to cost and asset management opportunities.
Since the beginning of 2000, we have completed more than three dozen such acquisitions, represent- ing about $1.5 billion in annualized revenue, and despite deploying $1.9 billion in capital for acquisitions since 2000, we cut our net debt-to-capital ratio from 60% at year-end 1999 to 34% at year-end 2009.
As we have executed our acquisi- tion strategy, we have shifted our mix of businesses toward those that are differentiated and therefore offer better opportunities for growth and profitability. Recent acquisitions have strengthened our position
in instrumentation for elemental analysis, nanotechnology, oil and gas production and distribution, and nuclear spectroscopy. All fit well with our core competency in measuring physical phenomena and, equally important, provide growth opportuni- ties in new and emerging markets.
We’ve also used acquisitions to establish a global network of
maintenance, repair and overhaul (MRO) facilities to serve the aviation aftermarket, to broaden the scope of our power instruments into electronic test and measurement equipment, and to pursue opportunities in highly engineered technical motors, motion control products and specialty metals.
Our most recent acquisitions include:
+ High Standard Aviation, a Miami- based provider of aerospace MRO services that strengthens our capabilities and broadens our global MRO footprint
+ Unispec Marketing and Thelsha Technical Services, Mumbai-based businesses that sell, distribute
and service electronic instruments throughout India
+ Ameron Global, a California-based maker of pressurized gas systems for commercial and military aircraft and an MRO provider for aircraft fire suppression and oxygen sup- ply systems
+ Sterling Ultra Precision, a Tampa- based reseller of machine tools used to make lenses and molds for the niche ophthalmic lens market
Global and Market Expansion
With half of our 2009 sales outside the United States, we intend for international sales to account for an even greater share of our total sales going forward. We have expanded our global presence with a growing network of plants, service centers and sales operations. We currently operate 37 manufacturing plants outside the United States and have more than 100 sales and service fa- cilities in nearly 40 countries around the world.
      John Wesley Hardin
President, Electronic Instruments
    Timothy N. Jones
President, Electromechanical Group
     David A. Zapico
President, Electronic Instruments
 4 AMETEK 2009 ANNUAL REPORT

                                   In 2009, we established our first direct sales presence in India with AMETEK Instruments India Private Limited to better support our grow- ing Indian customer base, and we acquired two businesses in India that provide us with a national sales and distribution network for our electronic instruments. In the Americas, our recently acquired High Standard Aviation business provides us with
a key aerospace MRO hub for Latin America as well as the southeastern United States.
New Products
We enjoy an excellent reputation for technical leadership and product innovation and have maintained our new product development initia- tives despite the global economic slowdown, investing more than $100 million in 2009.
Over the past five years, we have invested nearly $500 million to successfully launch a wide range of products across our lines of busi- ness. Sales of products introduced over the last three years accounted for 19% of our total revenues in 2009, reflecting both our ability to anticipate the needs of customers with the right products and improve- ments in the pace and quality of our innovation.
Among our recent product introductions are state-of-the-art metal analyzers, multicomponent emissions monitors, advanced microanalysis systems, ultra- lightweight radiation detectors, high-performance technical motors and motion control products, and ultraprecise surface analysis and machining systems.
Strong Core Values
Embedded within our Four Growth Strategies is the disciplined
management approach that allowed us to quickly streamline our cost structure, accelerate the movement of manufacturing to low-cost facili- ties, and continuously improve our operating processes. It also guided our investment in new products
and helped us identify, acquire and integrate new businesses.
At the heart of this management approach is a set of core values. Among them is a commitment to the highest standards of business behavior and ethical responsibility. We require all colleagues to adhere to a written Code of Ethics and have a Financial Code of Ethics for the Chief Executive Officer and senior financial managers.
Additionally, we maintain a strong system of financial controls that
are actively monitored by senior management, and have implemented safeguards to further ensure the integrity and compliance of our busi- nesses and financial systems.
We also are committed to a culture that values diversity and fosters a work environment that allows our colleagues to develop meaningful and rewarding careers. We actively challenge senior managers to recruit, train and develop individuals with diverse backgrounds and experience.
We recognize the importance of our shareholders and customers as well as the communities in which
we operate. We are focused on providing our shareholders with consistent and superior returns. We strive to provide our customers with world-class products and services on time, and at a fair price. And, we are sensitive to the needs of our local communities and actively support programs that foster good corporate citizenship.
Challenges and Opportunities
While we are cautiously optimistic about the near-term economic outlook, we are extremely confident about our future. We base our confidence on our proven record of success as well as the strength and experience of our management team.
We enter 2010 financially strong. We have outstanding businesses and a solid Corporate Growth Plan built around our Four Growth Strategies. Our disciplined approach to business has yielded consistent results. Our strategy of investing in new product development and acquiring differenti- ated businesses has transformed the Company.
Our greatest strength remains the commitment of AMETEK colleagues worldwide to the success of our Company. Their dedicated efforts will make our vision for AMETEK a reality. We are confident our strategies
will create additional value for our shareholders and appreciate your continued confidence.
On behalf of my colleagues, I thank you for your support.
Frank S. Hermance
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
March 10, 2010
     AMETEK 2009 ANNUAL REPORT 5
