 Letter to Shareholders
Dear Shareholders,
2014 was an extraordinary year for Amgen— financially, scientifically and organizationally. We moved markedly forward in growing our compelling portfolio of innovative and biosimilar medicines, and in transforming our company to deliver long-term, industry-leading innovation and financial returns.
Delivering for Shareholders
In 2014, we grew revenues at Amgen by
7 percent, surpassing $20 billion for the first time. Consistent with our international expansion objectives, we grew sales outside of the U.S. by double digits. We grew adjusted operating income* by 22 percent, reflecting our commitment to expense discipline across the company. In addition, we grew free cash flow* 40 percent to $7.8 billion. This strong financial performance, and our confidence in the longer-term outlook, enabled us to increase our dividend by 30 percent in 2014 and increase our share repurchase authorization to $4 billion in total. We are on the path to meeting our commitment to return approximately 60 percent of adjusted net income* to shareholders annually through 2018, on average.
Beginning a New Product Launch Cycle
We delivered an extraordinary flow of data from our late-stage pipeline in 2014 and entered an exciting new product launch cycle. We advanced eight innovative, late-stage molecules in five therapeutic areas, all addressing serious illness and high unmet medical need. Six late-stage molecules generated positive, registration- enabling data in 2014, and four were filed
with regulators.
In December 2014, we received approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and began marketing our bispecific T-cell engager (BiTE®) immunotherapy BLINCYTOTM (blinatumomab) for a type of acute lymphoblastic leukemia less than three months after submission. BLINCYTOTM is an important new treatment option for patients and serves
as proof of concept for our novel BiTE® technology platform in the potential treatment
of other cancers.
In 2014, we advanced talimogene laherparepvec, an oncolytic immunotherapy designed to harness the body’s immune system to fight melanoma and potentially other cancers. Following Phase 3 trials, we filed U.S. and European marketing applications for metastatic melanoma.
We received FDA approval in late 2014 for our Neulasta® (pegfilgrastim) Delivery Kit, which includes the On-body Injector, and we have already entered the market with this important innovation. This injection system allows cancer patients who are at high risk of infection undergoing chemotherapy to receive Neulasta® automatically, and at the appropriate time following chemotherapy, without having to return to the doctor’s office.
Following Phase 3 data published in the New England Journal of Medicine, we submitted U.S. and European marketing applications in early 2015 for Kyprolis® (carfilzomib) in patients with relapsed multiple myeloma. In early 2015, we also received positive Phase 3 data that demonstrated the superiority of Kyprolis® over Velcade® in patients with relapsed multiple myeloma.
Following robust, positive data from five Phase 3 studies, in 2014 we submitted U.S. and European marketing applications for RepathaTM (evolocumab) for the treatment of high cholesterol.
The FDA is also reviewing our application for Corlanor® (ivabradine), which was granted priority FDA review status in late 2014 for the
*This is a non-GAAP financial measure. See reconciliation to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) accompanying this letter.
Robert A. Bradway, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Amgen Inc.

treatment of chronic heart failure, a disease which carries an enormous economic burden to society.
Advancing Additional Opportunities
Brodalumab, jointly developed in collaboration with AstraZeneca, is a promising interleukin-17 receptor antibody that we are investigating as a treatment for a variety of inflammatory diseases, including moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. We advanced brodalumab in 2014 with three positive Phase 3 psoriasis studies and expect to initiate marketing applications in 2015.
Romosozumab, which we are co-developing in collaboration with UCB, is a humanized monoclonal antibody that inhibits the action of sclerostin and builds bone. We are pursuing ongoing Phase 3 studies for romosozumab for the treatment of postmenopausal women and men with osteoporosis.
We generated additional positive data in 2014 from AMG 416, our late-stage molecule being investigated as a treatment for secondary hyperparathyroidism in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) receiving dialysis.
Two Phase 3 studies that read out in mid-2014, and one in early 2015, all met their primary endpoints.
In addition to advancing internal innovation at Amgen, we have also identified significant external innovation opportunities. A great example is the collaboration and license agreement we established in 2014 with Kite Pharma to develop and commercialize novel Chimeric Antigen Receptor (CAR) T cell immunotherapies. This agreement broadens our overall immunotherapy capabilities with another modality to employ against both liquid and solid tumors.
Advancing and Growing Our Biosimilars Pipeline
In 2014, we added three biologics to our biosimilars portfolio, bringing us to a total of nine molecules in development, representing a $3+ billion opportunity. We were pleased to announce positive Phase 3 study results for our biosimilar adalimumab in psoriasis in 2014
and rheumatoid arthritis in early 2015. Our biosimilars program has been built on Amgen’s more than three decades of experience manufacturing biologics, and we expect to launch our first biosimilar medicines beginning in 2017.
Reaching More Patients in More Countries
We have increased our presence in countries where the demand for biologics is high and where the growth of that demand is likely to be significant. In 2014, in advance of multiple product launches, we continued to expand into new markets in Latin America, the Middle East and Asia, and expect approximately $2 billion in sales from our global expansion efforts by 2018.
Enhanced Biomanufacturing Capabilities
We reached an important milestone in 2014 with the opening of our next-generation biomanufacturing facility in Singapore. Built in less than two years, we completed this facility in half the time required for conventional biomanufacturing plants. We expect to begin producing our first commercial medicines in Singapore in 2017.
Transforming Amgen for the Future
In 2014, we began a significant transformation of our company, designed to position us to deliver long-term, industry-leading innovation and financial returns. As part of this effort, we committed to increasing efficiency, agility and speed to market, while improving operating margins. Specifically, having already initiated
actions to reduce our global facilities footprint by approximately 23 percent and significantly reduce our workforce, we are on track by 2018 to achieve both $1.5 billion in annual savings versus 2013 ($700 million of which will be reinvested in our business) and an adjusted operating margin* increase of approximately
15 percent.
We are on the cusp of an extraordinary revolution in biology, one that is giving rise to profound opportunities in our industry. We are uniquely positioned to capitalize on these at Amgen—both because of our proven ability to understand biology and our experience in developing and delivering important medicines to patients. The launch of medicines from our innovative, late-stage pipeline will enable us to continue to return significant capital to our shareholders, even as we invest in the growth of our business.
I would like to once again thank my Amgen colleagues for all that they accomplished in 2014. It is because of the hard work of Amgen staff members, who deeply believe in our mission to serve patients, and because of their adherence to the Amgen Values, that we are thriving today and delivering for shareholders.
As we celebrate Amgen’s 35th anniversary in 2015, we will have an opportunity to recognize and reflect on some of the pivotal moments in our history and opportunities in the era ahead. I know that Amgen staff look forward to this opportunity—during a year that will likely prove to be even more exciting than the last.
Robert A. Bradway
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
    *This is a non-GAAP financial measure. See reconciliation to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) accompanying this letter.
