KEVIN SHARER

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Amgen Inc.

Dear Stockholders:

We celebrated Amgen's 25th anniversary in 2005, and it's fitting that during the year we saw many of the hopes of our founders come to fruition. We delivered for patients, stockholders and staff. Amgen has now provided vital medicines to treat grievous illness for over nine million patients, and we continue to invest heavily in our pipeline with the goal of helping millions more. In 2005, we introduced innovative new product candidates into the clinic and advanced many already in human testing towards regulatory approval. We are particularly pleased with the positive late stage clinical trial results for panitumumab, our investigational colorectal cancer medicine, and remain optimistic about the prospects for denosumab to make real strides in treating a variety of bone-related disorders, including osteoporosis. The consistent and strong financial performance of the company resulted in a 23 percent appreciation in the stock price-- capping a five-year period in which Amgen outperformed the NASDAQ and S&P 500 indices. Nearly 3,000

new staff around the world joined Amgen and, by all indications, the company remains a highly attractive place to work and is able to attract, develop and retain very talented and committed people. Amgen has a history of strong performance and the future looks promising. Yet there are dangers common to all successful enterprises, and we must be mindful of them. Not long ago, Amgen was a small, highly entrepreneurial biotechnology company, fighting for survival in a difficult environment dominated by well-established, vast and powerful global pharmaceutical enterprises. We now fi nd ourselves nearly comparable to those enterprises in fi nancial characteristics, stock market valuation and geographic reach. So, what is there to worry about, and, more importantly, what can we do and are we doing about the potential dangers inherent in our success? Time and again, we have all seen successful enterprises, which experienced rapid, positive and significant change in fortune, size and complexity turn away from

24 Amgen 2005 Annual Report

what made them successful. The risk-taking, entrepreneurial, "best ideas win," open and aggressive environment begins to change. It is replaced by an overly cautious, arrogant and bureaucratic environment where executives look to short-term goals, outside opportunity and recognition and ignore operational excellence and commitment to discovery. Fully open, free-flowing and action-biased discussions are replaced with carefully condensed conversations, often ending in "offl ine" or committee-creating outcomes. Consistently delivering results as a basis for career success is replaced by a political culture where having powerful patrons is the key to advancement. Ultimately, the enterprise is unable to recognize risk or opportunity, becomes lethargic and inwardly focused, and stumbles badly or at worst, fails. Amgen is not immune to these tendencies, but we strongly believe that there are steps to prevent their taking root. There are no silver bullets. A coordinated set of actions is the best antidote we know. Here is what we are focusing on to help ensure that Amgen fulfi lls its promise and remains entrepreneurial, aggressive and patient-focused: 1. Amgen must remain committed to advancing the frontiers of science and medicine to serve grievously ill patients. 2. We have created and must sustain a unifying social architecture that is real, focused and widely embraced. Our social architecture is comprised of our mission, aspiration, values, expected leadership behaviors and culture. 3. Top management must be role models in behavior and action and live the Amgen values. Leaders must be actively and deeply involved in the day-to-day operations of the company and remain in touch with the forces shaping our markets and driving technological change.

4. Management must be accountable to the staff they lead, the Board of Directors, regulatory authorities and stockholders in a rigorous, transparent and comprehensive way. Our environment needs to be a diverse and open one where no one style dominates and candid discussions are the norm. 5. Staff members need to feel empowered, able to make a difference, fairly rewarded and passionately committed to the company's success. 6. The company must be hungry and not rest on its past success. Our goals must be aspirational, difficult to achieve and require constant renewal. 7. Threats to our business must be actively identified and aggressively confronted. 8. We must focus on both the short and long term given the long-cycle nature of our business. In so doing, management spends maximum time on activities that create real value. The promise of our company is great. We have a strong values-based culture, with ways of thinking and behaving that set us apart and have served us well in the past. We also have capabilities that are unmatched in biotechnology. We are absolutely determined to avoid the pitfalls of growth and success and remain hungry, nimble and focused on serving patients. Our best is yet to come.

KEVIN W. SHARER

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 3, 2006

Amgen 2005 Annual Report 25

