 Letter to Shareholders
Dear Shareholders,
2013 was a landmark year for Amgen. We delivered financially for investors as we executed on our core strategies and set the stage for long-term growth. In 2013, revenues increased 8 percent to $18.7 billion. Adjusted earnings per share* grew 17 percent to $7.60, reflecting strong execution and continued momentum in our business. Our total shareholder return of
35 percent outperformed the S&P 500 in 2013.
Just as important, we made the long-term investments necessary to continue to advance our later-stage pipeline and grow globally.
We plan to have pivotal data on 10 innovative molecules in our later-stage pipeline by 2016 and to advance a portfolio of six biosimilar molecules that have the potential to begin launching in 2017. We are also now present in more than 75 countries, including Japan, China and other emerging markets.
All of this gives me great confidence that we are creating a very exciting future for Amgen. We are pushing the boundaries of biotechnology to find new ways to deliver for patients suffering from serious illnesses. We are also bringing
our medicines to new markets, providing new treatment options for patients around the world.
Delivering for Shareholders
Consistent with our capital allocation strategy, we continued to return significant capital to shareholders: first, in the form of $1.4 billion
in cash dividends paid in 2013, and second, through the repurchase of $0.8 billion of our stock in 2013, for a total return of capital of $2.2 billion. In December 2013, we declared
a dividend of $0.61 per share of common
stock, payable in March 2014, representing a 30 percent increase over the quarterly dividend paid in each of the last four quarters. In addition to a higher dividend, our share price appreciated significantly in 2013.
Continued Product Growth
Our performance in 2013 was driven by strong execution across the portfolio. Product sales grew 10 percent in the United States, and
8 percent in the rest of the world.
Neulasta® (pegfilgrastim) and NEUPOGEN® (filgrastim) sales grew in 2013 with an established track record of efficacy and safety in the oncology setting. Notably, Neulasta® represents more than 75 percent of our filgrastim business.
With Enbrel® (etanercept), we are pleased that the investment we have been making continues to yield attractive returns. In addition, 2014 will be an important year for ENBREL, as we expect an $800-million incremental operating income contribution from this franchise.
EPOGEN® (epoetin alfa) remained a viable therapy for patients with anemia undergoing dialysis in 2013.
Sensipar®/Mimpara® (cinacalcet), our therapy for patients with secondary hyperparathyroidism on dialysis, generated sales in excess of
$1 billion in 2013. Furthermore, Nplate® (romiplostim) and Vectibix® (panitumumab) continued to grow, while Aranesp® (darbepoetin alfa) remained an important therapy in use by physicians for the treatment of anemia.
Prolia® (denosumab) and XGEVA® (denosumab) also continued to grow, having contributed sales of $1.8 billion in 2013 and having now become available in all major European countries. In addition, XGEVA® became the seventh product in our portfolio to exceed $1 billion of sales in
a single year.
Kyprolis® (carfilzomib) is in the early stages of its launch and continues to be the therapy of
*Adjusted earnings per share is a non-GAAP financial measure. See back page for reconciliation to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
Robert A. Bradway, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Amgen Inc.

choice in the relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma setting in the United States. We expect the next major inflection point for Kyprolis® will come with the inclusion of second-line data in our label, pending positive clinical trial results.
Growing Through Acquisitions and Partnerships
While delivering financially for shareholders
in 2013, we also made significant strategic investments. We acquired Onyx Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a leading biopharmaceutical company engaged in the development and commercialization of innovative therapies
for improving the lives of people with certain cancers. This is an important addition to our already strong oncology business.
In 2013, we purchased the U.S. rights to ivabradine from Servier. This innovative molecule for treatment of heart failure is already approved in many markets around the world and has the potential to provide an important treatment option for patients in the United States. It will also provide Amgen with entry into the cardiovascular market ahead of the potential launch for evolocumab (AMG 145), an investigational medicine currently being evaluated for the treatment of dyslipidemia.
Expanding Globally Ahead of Plan
Expanding globally is an important element of Amgen’s growth opportunity. We successfully reacquired rights to filgrastim and pegfilgrastim in eastern Europe, Latin America, Asia, the Middle East and Africa, effective January 1, 2014. As a result, we met our goal of having a presence in more than 75 markets two years ahead of schedule; this included several key emerging markets.
Establishing a clear presence for our innovative medicines in Japan, China and key emerging markets around the world has also been an important objective. In 2013, we made
demonstrable progress in each of these areas.
In Japan, we announced an alliance with the second-largest pharmaceutical company in the Japanese market, Astellas Pharma Inc. We are very excited about the prospects for developing and commercializing five innovative medicines in our pipeline in Japan as part of this collaboration. In addition, Amgen Astellas BioPharma K.K., a new joint venture formed by the two companies, will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Amgen as early as 2020. This is
a key milestone on the path toward Amgen having a strong, independent future in Japan, the world’s second-largest pharmaceutical market.
In China, we formed a partnership with an innovative oncology therapeutics company known as Betta Pharma. In addition, we announced plans to open a research and development facility at ShanghaiTech University as part of our commitment to building a research presence in China.
Emerging Later-Stage Pipeline
Core to our growth strategy is our investment
in an innovative pipeline to address areas of significant unmet medical needs. We have invested with a growing focus on medicines that impact genetically validated human biological targets.
The progress we made in 2013 and early 2014 was evident in the data we generated from important programs, chief among them being
our anti-PCSK9 antibody known as evolocumab. In late 2013 and early 2014, top-line results for five phase 3 clinical trials were reported for evolocumab—all meeting their primary low-density-lipoprotein (LDL)-lowering endpoints. The robust data from these five studies will form the basis of our global filing plan, and we look forward to discussions with regulatory agencies. In addition, two studies from our oncology programs in 2013 met their primary endpoints. The first of those was for talimogene
laherparepvec, directed at metastatic melanoma, and the second was for trebananib, our peptibody directed at the angiopoietin axis to treat recurrent ovarian cancer.
Ten Molecules Addressing Serious Illness and Large Unmet Need
When looking at opportunities across all
ten molecules for which we expect to have pivotal data by 2016, we are very excited about their promise for patients suffering from serious illness and about their potential to deliver value for shareholders. For starters, the two leading causes of death in the world are heart disease and cancer, and we are currently advancing
two innovative cardiovascular medicines and five oncology medicines through our later-stage pipeline to address these significant unmet medical needs.
Heart Disease
Heart failure is a serious disease affecting nearly 5 million people in the United States. Ivabradine works by slowing the heart rate and improving heart function in patients with chronic heart failure. Ivabradine has been on the market outside the United States for a number of years, and now we have the potential to bring this product to patients suffering from heart failure in the United States.
Despite the success of statins, there is still significant unmet medical need for patients with high cholesterol. Many patients are unable to reach their cholesterol-lowering goal with statins, and we are hopeful that evolocumab has the potential to help these patients.
Cancer
Melanoma is the most dangerous form of skin cancer. Talimogene laherparepvec, a modified herpes virus designed to selectively destroy tumor cells and recruit the body’s immune system, is currently being investigated for the

treatment of metastatic melanoma.
Relapsed/refractory acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) is a rare and potentially fatal form of leukemia; many diagnosed with ALL won’t live more than five years. Blinatumomab is an antibody that is designed to target and destroy the cancer cells in those suffering from ALL by using the body’s own T cells. We are hopeful that this technology, known as a bispecific T-cell engager (BiTE®) antibody, could have other applications for patients suffering from
serious illnesses.
Gastric cancer is another common cancer. The prognosis to live five years or more with this illness is often poor. We hope to be able to help in the fight against gastric cancer via our human monoclonal antibody rilotumumab, a personalized, targeted medicine.
Multiple myeloma is a cancer of the plasma cells that impacts many thousands of people globally. Kyprolis®, a proteasome inhibitor, represents an important new option for patients, and we look forward to reaching many more patients around the world in 2014 with this innovative medicine.
Recurrent ovarian cancer is one of the deadliest of gynecologic cancers and the fifth-leading cause of cancer-related death among women. We believe trebananib may have the potential to help women with this disease.
Additional Unmet Medical Needs
We are advancing three additional later-stage investigational medicines for the treatment of psoriasis, postmenopausal osteoporosis and secondary hyperparathyroidism.
There are serious struggles for patients with psoriasis. Our hope is that brodalumab, an IL-17 receptor antibody, has the potential to deliver high levels of skin clearance for many patients.
Currently, products like Prolia® are helping stop
bone loss in patients with osteoporosis at high risk for fracture. With romosozumab, we have the potential not just to stop bone loss but also to build bone, making this a possible treatment option for women with postmenopausal osteoporosis.
We are also investigating a new option for patients in the treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism with velcalcetide
(AMG 416). Velcalcetide is a peptide designed to mimic the effects of ionized calcium by activating the calcium-sensing receptor.
Advancing Biosimilars
In addition to the progress we are making with the 10 innovative molecules in our pipeline, we made real progress with our biosimilars program in 2013. By year-end, three pivotal biosimilar studies were under way for our Avastin®, Herceptin® and Humira® biosimilars; and
we are progressing toward pivotal trials for the remaining three biosimilar programs. We expect to launch our biosimilars portfolio beginning
in 2017.
Biologics Manufacturing Facility in Singapore
We broke ground in Singapore in early 2013 on a facility that will enable us to be faster, more flexible and more efficient in our manufacturing operations. Amgen is widely recognized as
a leader in biologics manufacturing, and we continue to advance our capabilities in this field.
An Exciting Year Ahead
2014 will be an exciting year for Amgen. By the end of the year, we expect to have potentially pivotal—or registration-enabling—data
from eight of our innovative molecules: two cardiovascular medicines, four oncology medicines, one anti-inflammation medicine and one medicine for secondary hyperparathyroidism. We will progress in development and implementation activities around drug delivery
systems. And we will build on the progress
we made in global expansion to more than
75 markets. In addition, we believe the currently approved indications for XGEVA® and Prolia® represent significant commercial opportunities.
We anticipate longer-term growth through the successful development of our later-stage pipeline, continued expansion into emerging markets, strategic business development opportunities and biosimilar opportunities. Furthermore, our continued focus on increasing cost efficiencies will assist in providing the necessary resources to fund many of these future opportunities.
I would like to thank all of my Amgen colleagues for delivering for our shareholders and for patients in 2013. As I look to the future, I am confident that our strategy is sound, our staff is aligned and our culture—rooted in science and innovation—is well grounded. This new era of biotechnology we are entering will enable us
to reach more patients suffering from serious illnesses in more markets around the world.
Robert A. Bradway
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
    