To Our Shareholders:
On September 30, 2005, we launched Ameriprise Financial, Inc., successfully completing the sixthlargest spin-off in U.S. history. Throughout our history as IDS and American Express Financial Advisors, we have had a long tradition of serving clients. Today, I am excited about our opportunities as an independent company, and I believe that we are poised to usher in a new era for our clients and our shareholders. Helping clients realize their financial goals and dreams is the key principle upon which our company was founded more than a century ago, and it endures as our core mission today. Since 1894, we have focused on shaping financial solutions designed to meet clients' needs. This began with our earliest products, the investment certificate and our first mutual funds in the 1940s, and continues today with our ongoing position as one of the industry's leaders in insurance and annuities. We helped pioneer financial planning in the 1970s, and this remains our core consumer value proposition today. Our history of serving clients, strong capital base, broad capabilities, proven business model and experienced management team position us well to build on our legacy as one of the nation's leading financial services companies.

Our Opportunity: Meeting the Financial Needs of the Mass Affluent
While our advisors and financial solutions serve a broad range of client segments, from the mass market to the high-net-worth market, the mass affluent segment is our core focus. This segment, currently comprising approximately 29 million U.S. households with $100,000 to $1 million in investable assets, holds more than 50 percent of the nation's investable funds.1 It's a large and fast-growing demographic group2, and our research shows that 54 percent of this group prefers a face-to-face, long-term financial planning relationship to help them define and reach their goals. Along with the mass affluent segment, baby boomers -- the 78 million Americans born between 1946 and 1964 -- consistently rank planning for retirement as their most important financial need. The first wave of boomers turned 60 on January 1, 2006, signaling the beginning of a strong market need as the baby boomer generation faces retirement over the next two decades.

1 2

Source: Macro Monitor 2004­2005 consumer survey prepared by SRI Consulting Business Intelligence. Source: BCG Wealth Market Sizing Database.

6 | Ameriprise Financial, Inc.

Baby boomers as a group are expected to live longer than any previous generation. They have complex financial needs -- whether it's funding education for their children, preparing for retirement, managing rising health care costs, pursuing a personal dream or buying a second home. Unlike prior generations, baby boomers have been asked to bear significant financial risks in retirement, with traditional defined benefit pensions in decline and questions raised about health insurance coverage and Social Security. We expect this generation to redefine retirement, and through our one-on-one financial planning approach, I believe Ameriprise Financial is the firm best positioned to help them achieve their financial goals.

Our Financial Advisors: Bringing Financial Plans to Life for Clients
The AmeripriseSM financial planning process takes a comprehensive approach to help our clients achieve their financial goals. Our advisors don't look at this process as a one-time event. It's often a collaboration that takes place over a number of years or even decades. Ameriprise Financial is a financial planning leader, reporting nearly twice as many financial plans as our nearest competitor in 2004. We serve more than 2 million retail clients through a strong and experienced advisor network. Our advisors listen to clients' goals and dreams and work with them to develop a personal financial plan based on their individual situations. Our advisors help clients bring their financial plans to life by providing them with proprietary and non-proprietary asset accumulation, income and protection solutions. As a result of addressing clients' needs, we had more than $428 billion of owned, managed and administered assets as of December 31, 2005.

With the legacy of more than 110 years of experience in financial services and a strong, experienced advisor network, I believe Ameriprise Financial is the firm best positioned to help consumers achieve their financial goals.

James M. Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO

Financial Products and Solutions
For our clients' asset accumulation and income needs, our solutions include RiverSource funds, access to more than 200 unaffiliated mutual fund families, the nation's largest non-discretionary mutual fund and other securities "wrap program," variable and fixed annuity products, investment certificates, brokerage services, individual stocks and bonds, as well as deposit and credit solutions. Our comprehensive protection solutions help address our clients' insurance needs. We are a leading provider of variable and fixed universal life insurance, term insurance, disability income, long-term care, and auto and homeowners insurance. The majority of our proprietary solutions are offered under the RiverSourceSM brand, which we introduced as part of our spin-off from American Express. The RiverSource brand gives us the flexibility to deliver these quality solutions through our advisor network and to selectively offer them to institutional and sub-advisory clients, as well as through agreements with unaffiliated retail distributors such as banks and broker-dealers. Building on our initial success with RiverSource annuities, we expect to expand these third-party offerings to include our RiverSource investment products. Internationally, Threadneedle Investments, our London-based international investment platform, is one of the United Kingdom's premier asset management organizations. Threadneedle Investments offers a wide range of asset management products and services to institutional clients as well as to retail clients through intermediaries, banks and fund platforms in Europe, and to U.S. clients through RiverSource Investments.

Delivering Results for Shareholders
For this extraordinary transition year, our 2005 financial results demonstrate the strength of our business and the strategies we're pursuing to help more clients. For the year, excluding the impact of the separation, adjusted revenues3 grew 9 percent to $7.3 billion, from $6.8 billion in the same period of 2004. Adjusted net income3 was $693 million, a decrease of 4 percent from $723 million in 2004. Adjusted net income for 2005 includes incremental costs associated with becoming an independent company. Our adjusted return on equity3 was 10.2 percent. Our long-term financial targets3 for building shareholder value, on average and over time, are revenue growth of 6 to 8 percent, net income growth of 10 to 13 percent and return on equity of 12 to 15 percent.

What's next.SM
To build on these results, we have set five strategic objectives for 2006. First, to continue to grow our mass affluent client base. Our efforts include innovative national and local client acquisition programs, and strengthening our client loyalty programs such as Ameriprise Gold Financial ServicesSM and Ameriprise Platinum Financial Services.SM In late 2005, we launched the largest
3

Management believes that the financial results, excluding the effects of the non-recurring separation costs, the impact of discontinued operations, cumulative effect of accounting change and AMEX Assurance, best reflect the basis of evaluating our performance as an independent company. See our discussion of non-GAAP financial information and forward-looking statements included in our Management's Discussion and Analysis.

Adjusted revenues grew 9% to

$7.3 billion
in 2005

8 | Ameriprise Financial, Inc.

Our Company

Values:

> Client focused > Integrity always > Excellence in all we do > Respect for individuals and our communities
marketing campaign in our history to introduce the Ameriprise Financial brand, and we will invest heavily over the next two years to continue to build awareness. Our second objective is to increase our leadership in financial planning and advice. Assisting our advisors by investing in tools and support processes is key to helping advisors meet more clients' financial planning and advice needs. Third is to increase the productivity and size of our advisor force. We will seek to accomplish this by developing local marketing programs, strengthening our advisor leadership, providing greater levels of training and improving advisor desktop tools. Our fourth objective is to continue to improve and expand our product solutions by introducing new investment and brokerage products, insurance and annuity solutions, and deposit, credit and banking offerings. We also plan to extend our distribution reach to serve more institutional clients, and reach more individual clients through third-party firms. Finally, and importantly, is our goal of building an increasingly strong and efficient operating platform. We are investing in talent development and instilling a continuous improvement mindset throughout the organization including our compliance, technology, service operations, business and support units. We believe that these actions will help us to deliver against client and advisor expectations, and deliver progress toward targeted shareholder results.

Our Commitment
I want to thank the 2.8 million clients who work with Ameriprise Financial, and our 21,000 financial advisors and employees who made Ameriprise Financial a reality through their dedication and hard work in preparing for our launch as a public company. As a shareholder, you have placed your confidence in us, and all of us at Ameriprise Financial are committed to meeting and exceeding your expectations. In addition, I feel honored to have brought together a distinguished board of directors. They form an impressive group of accomplished professionals who share my enthusiasm for this organization and our mission. We're off to a strong start as a public company, and I believe we've only just begun to realize the value of this organization for our clients and shareholders. We have built our organization around our company values. With this commitment to our strong values and helping clients realize their dreams through financial planning and competitive products and services, we're looking forward to delivering what's next.

Sincerely,

James M. Cracchiolo Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Ameriprise Financial, Inc. | 9

