Dear fellow shareholders,
Ten years ago, Ameriprise Financial debuted as an independent public company with a new brand and a proud legacy of serving clients' long-term financial needs. From the strength of our reputation to our growth in assets and increasingly global reach, Ameriprise has flourished. We are guided by our vision to become the most respected and referred financial services firm, our consistent long-term strategy and the client-centric values that define us.
(continued on next page)

JAMES M. CRACCHIOLO CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Annual Report 2015 | 1

Our strength comes from our people -- individuals who care deeply about our clients and the company I frequently hear from employees and advisors about their proudest moments from the past decade. Their comments are consistent: We serve clients the right way and for the long-term, earn trust and confidence, and make our communities better places. The moment raised most often is how we handled the 2008 financial crisis and stood by clients when other firms couldn't -- because we had our own financial plan, made good decisions, managed

conditions. Revenue growth was tempered as assets under management and administration declined due to higher equity market volatility, and client activity naturally slowed. Given that we operate in markets around the world, the strong U.S. dollar also impacted the value of non-dollar assets for U.S. reporting purposes. And we continued to manage the persistent pressure of extremely low interest rates. However, we offset these market headwinds because of our consistent and prudent expense management and strong financial foundation, which enable us to continue to invest for growth and return capital to shareholders at a differentiated level.

Operating earnings per diluted share

Operating return on equity, ex. AOCI

2015 2014 2013 2012 2011

$9.32 $8.52 $7.05 $5.59 $5.17

2015 2014 2013 2012 2011

24.3% 23.0% 19.7% 16.2% 16.0%

risk well and invested for the future. This is good perspective when considering how far Ameriprise has come in the last ten years, and as we reflect on our 2015 results. In this, my annual letter to shareholders, I will update you on our progress and reinforce why I believe we are well-situated to navigate a more challenging operating environment and help our clients realize their financial goals today and in the future. Delivering solid results Ameriprise delivered solid business results in 2015, a period characterized by difficult market

For the year, operating earnings grew 3% to $1.7 billion and operating earnings per share increased 9% to a record $9.32. In fact, with the strength of our business model and capital management, we're generating one of the highest returns in the industry -- operating return on equity, excluding accumulated other comprehensive income grew to a record 24.3%, up 130 basis points from a year ago. Few financial services companies have the ability to invest strongly in the business while delivering this level of return and maintaining significant capital flexibility. For the fifth consecutive year, we returned more than 100% of our operating

2 | Annual Report 2015

earnings to shareholders through increased dividends and ongoing share repurchases. In 2015, we committed $2.1 billion to dividends and share repurchases, including raising our quarterly dividend 16%. In fact, we've increased our dividend ten times since becoming a public company in 2005, all while maintaining a strong and prudent excess capital position. Though the total shareholder return of Ameriprise Financial common stock declined during the year, over the past decade long-term shareholders have been rewarded with one of the best returns in financial services.

Advice & Wealth Management -- satisfying clients' needs, providing strong service and attracting high-quality advisors Our Advice & Wealth Management business is one of the largest in the United States. The opportunity for Ameriprise is significant given the continued transition of baby boomers to retirement, younger generations accumulating wealth, and the acute need for personal financial advice. Ameriprise is strongly situated to provide more Americans with the financial advice and solutions they need to achieve their financial goals.

Assets under management and administration $ in billions

Ameriprise advisor client assets $ in billions

2015 2014 2013 2012 2011

$777 $806 $771 $681 $631

2015 2014 2013 2012 2011

$447 $444 $409 $353 $310

Key to our ability to grow and preserve shareholder value across market cycles is our steadfast focus on our clients -- both retail and institutional. They are at the heart of our diversified business model. Our Advice & Wealth Management business, which is complemented by our Protection and Annuity businesses, serves client needs for a lifetime -- from cash and liquidity to growing and preserving wealth and ultimately leaving a legacy. At the same time, our Asset Management business is large and diversified with a broad and high-performing product line to serve individual and institutional investors globally.

We've long held the position as the leading financial planning company in the United States. We have more certified financial planners than any other firm and are a leader in retirement planning. Our actions define our reputation, and I'm pleased that Ameriprise is recognized as a trusted financial services firm. We earned the highest forgiveness rating for investment firms in an industry survey -- the third consecutive year that we have earned the top spot. We know our personal and comprehensive approach to serving clients is ideal for helping people confidently navigate not only a volatile

Annual Report 2015 | 3

market environment but also each life stage. Our client satisfaction remains very strong, and as we seek to serve more clients, we have an excellent story to tell. Last fall, we launched our new Be Brilliant.SM brand platform. Our advertising speaks directly to our target market -- mass affluent and affluent consumers who value advice and the benefits of a personal relationship with a trusted advisor. It illustrates the everyday moments of brilliance clients can realize by working with the right advisor and the right firm. Ameriprise Financial brand awareness is near an all-time

understand actions they can implement, which leads to higher client satisfaction, more referrals and increased advisor productivity. In 2015, we began to extend our Confident Retirement approach beyond those investing for and living in retirement to younger generations who are focused on building their wealth. These individuals -- Generations X and Y -- represent more than half of our target market and many are looking to work with an advisor who will meet with them personally. This reinforces the power of the human perspective and interaction when making saving, investing and retirement planning

Client assets in fee-based investment advisory accounts $ in billions

Operating net revenue per advisor $ in thousands

2015 2014 2013 2012 2011

$180 $175 $154 $125 $103

2015 2014 2013 2012 2011

$514 $496 $440 $396 $384

high, and advisors and clients are inspired by our message. We are complementing our broadcast presence with a strong digital presence, and advisors are building on our Be Brilliant. brand platform in their local communities and online to engage prospects and clients at the grassroots level. The long-term, personal relationships our advisors establish with clients are an important differentiator for us. This is reinforced by our Confident Retirement® approach. It simplifies investing for retirement and helps clients

decisions. We believe this is a large opportunity for us, and we are introducing this expanded approach to our entire advisor force in 2016. Our advisor force is experienced and motivated -- a powerful distribution platform in the U.S. More than 9,700 dedicated financial advisors serve clients across the country. We have long maintained excellent advisor satisfaction and retention rates that reflect the leadership, capabilities and support we provide to help them serve clients well and grow their practices.

(continued on page 8) 4 | Annual Report 2015

A pow erful n ew b ran d pl atform

O ur Be Bril l ian t. campaig n l aun ched n ation al l y in S eptemb er w ith primetime TV spots, hun dreds of thousan ds of view s on Y ouTub e, en g ag in g on l in e ads an d rel evan t con ten t. O ur Be Bril l ian t. b ran d pl atform is more than j ust a tag l in e -- it il l ustrates the every day momen ts of b ril l ian ce cl ien ts can real iz e b y w ork in g w ith the rig ht advisor an d the right firm.

Be F ree.

Be I n spired.

Be C urious.

Be There.

Annual Report 2015 | 5

Celebrating a decade of progress

$ in billions

--

Assets under management & administration (2005 and 2006 represent assets owned, managed and administered)

2005

2006

2 0 07

2008

2009

2 0 10

$647

$466 $428

$446 $344

$429

Debuted Dream > Plan > Track >® client experience Oct. 3 First day of trading for AMP on the NYSE Introduced new brands:

Entered the FORTUNE® 500 at 297 Launched suite of Ameriprise and RiverSource advicebased solutions

Strategic acquisitions:

Declined government Strategic acquisition: bail-out Announced philanthropic partnership: Began MORE WITHIN REACH® brand platform

Advanced $700 million to meet clients' immediate cash needs during financial crisis

6 | Annual Report 2015

A decade as Ameriprise Financial, a 120-year legacy of putting clients first At Ameriprise Financial, we've been putting clients first for more than a century. It's hat our business as founded on meeting clients' needs for a lifetime. We embrace this trust, and in 2005 we began a new chapter in our history by effectively executing one of the largest spin-offs in U.S. history, establishing Ameriprise as an independent, publicly traded company. Our independence unleashed our ability to reali e our full potential as a diversified financial services leader. Over the past decade, we grew considerably and expanded our reach consistent with the principles that guide the advice e provide to retail clients e had our o n financial plan, managed risk well, maintained a long-term perspective and invested for the future. We have accomplished a tremendous amount in the past decade; we are proud of our service to our clients and are ell-positioned to continue our progress.

2011

2012

2013

2 0 14

2015

$771 $681 $631

$806

$777

Rolled out new Ameriprise Brokerage platform Introduced Ameriprise mobile app

Launched Confident Retirement® approach
Leaving a legacy Preparing for the unexpected Ensuring lifestyle

Logged 26+ million visits to ameriprise.com and record-breaking 2.2 million advisor websites visited

10-year anniversary of Ameriprise Financial 120-year anniversary of our founding firm, Investors Syndicate Launched Total View, a client account aggregation tool Launched:

Covering essentials

®

Repositioned Ameriprise Bank Named one of the country's most civicminded companies

Introduced new global asset management brand:

Annual Report 2015 | 7

Through our investments in technology, advisors can share information with clients more easily and securely, and process business even faster. We continue to see good advisor uptake of the tools we've put in place, including eFile delivery, money movement systems and our paperless office. We also enhanced our digital presence, including incorporating responsive design within ameriprise.com making it easy for clients to access their information from multiple types of devices. And e further strengthened our ealth

results in our Advice & Wealth Management business. In 2015, client net inflo s in feebased investment advisory accounts were more than $11 billion and overall advisor productivity reached an all-time high of $514,000 in operating net revenue per advisor. Operating revenues and earnings were up nicely, even in a more challenging environment. And as we grow the business and navigate the environment, we continue to manage expenses prudently operating margin in Advice & Wealth Management increased 60 basis points last year to a competitive 1 .1 .

O ur Confident Retirement® approach
Our exclusive Confident Retirement approach brings together our capabilities to help address a critical consumer need planning and preparing for retirement. It links together dreams, goals, recommendations, product solutions and action steps in a ay that's easy for people to understand. Using the approach, clients ork ith their advisors to address four key retirement needs: covering essentials, ensuring lifestyle, preparing for the unexpected and leaving a legacy.
Leaving a legacy Preparing for the unexpected Ensuring lifestyle

Covering essentials

®

management platform, including enhancing our research function and adding to our growing managed account product line. Advisors recognize the strength of the Ameriprise value proposition. In 2015, 34 experienced, highly productive advisors oined the firm bringing our three-year total to nearly 1,000 advisors hich has added thousands of ne client relationships and significant assets to the firm. The combination of personal client relationships, broad capabilities and strong reputation translated into strong metrics and financial

Annuities and Protection -- providing important solutions within our Confident Retirement® approach and strengthening asset persistency From helping clients maintain their lifestyles in retirement to preparing for the unexpected and leaving a legacy e help protect assets and retirement income. For shareholders, our Annuity and Protection businesses are solid and stable ith strong risk characteristics that generate attractive returns across market cycles and contribute to our ability to retain client assets over time.

8 | Annual Report 2015

In Annuities, we offer our products to Ameriprise clients -- people we know well. As more clients move to retirement, the unique benefits annuities can provide -- access to lifetime guaranteed income -- are central to meeting client needs. Variable annuity sales have been steady with good receptivity to the launch of our SecureSource 4® and SecureSource 4 Plus® riders, as well as ongoing sales of variable annuities without living benefits. This has helped offset some of the pressure from lower equity markets on annuity account balances and the outflows from a closed book of variable annuities

We did experience higher life insurance claims in 2015 that increased expenses, but the business remains sound. In Auto and Home, we continue to earn high policyholder satisfaction and have strong relationships with our affinity partners. We've built a direct business and are focused on providing an excellent experience for policyholders while strengthening the financial performance of the business. Like others in the industry, we experienced higher auto liability expenses during the year. In addition, we also

sold through third parties. In fixed annuities, the business is performing as expected, but new sales are low given persistently low interest rates. Protecting our clients' wealth is an important part of an advice relationship and the value our advisors provide. We've built a strong life and health insurance business and are generating steady sales of indexed universal life insurance -- a solution that offers clients market upside for their cash value coupled with downside protection, which our clients are finding increasingly attractive given market volatility.

had increased expenses related to claims for prior periods and added to reserves. To address this underperformance, we added resources and are enhancing pricing, underwriting and claims management. While we are seeing some initial improvement, we recognize that it will take time for the benefits to be fully realized. We believe the actions we're taking are the right ones to get the Auto and Home business back on track.

Annual Report 2015 | 9

Asset Management -- generating competitive financial results and executing our strategy to gain market share and profitable flows With $472 billion in client assets under management, we have an at-scale business with a diversified base of assets and earnings. We've grown through steady investments in the business and strategic acquisitions to establish Ameriprise as a top 30 global asset manager. As a result of our strategic, former-parent relationships formed as part of our acquisitions, we manage large pools of assets that form a stable base, understanding that over time we

It was also a year when active managers outperformed for investors. Our talented equity and fixed income investment teams in the U.S., London and Singapore delivered strong investment performance across style and capitalization. Recently, FE Trustnet, a U.K. trade publication, named Columbia Threadneedle as the top-performing U.K. fund group over the past decade. Maintaining a broad and high-performing product line is essential to meeting our clients' needs and growing assets under management. In 2015, we took steps to streamline our retail product

will experience a level of outflows consistent with the structure of the books. At the same time, we're growing our higher-fee, third-party businesses as we focus on serving more individual and institutional clients in key markets globally. In 2015, we formally brought together the capabilities, resources and reach of Columbia Management and Threadneedle Investments and introduced a new brand for the business: Columbia Threadneedle Investments® . This was a logical and important next step in bringing our full capabilities to bear in the marketplace.

lines while also launching new products in the traditional, alternative, global and ESG product categories. This included launching the Columbia Global Unconstrained Fund, our first Asian equity funds for the local market, the Columbia U.S. Social Bond Fund and the Threadneedle Ethical U.K. Equity Fund. In U.S. retail, we significantly enhanced product, marketing and sales leadership and the initial results are encouraging -- in 2015 we increased gross sales and gained market share in key intermediary channels at a time when industry gross sales were down. However, this progress

10 | Annual Report 2015

was muted from a flows perspective given continued outflows in the Acorn® Fund. The fund's short-term performance has improved as a result of the enhancements we've made, including adding an experienced lead portfolio manager who came on board at the end of the year. In European retail, we're building on our leadership position in the U.K. where we are a top five provider and expanding our presence in key markets on the continent, including Italy. In addition to new product launches, we added key talent to our European and U.K. equities

This includes third party institutional, where it was a challenging year for the industry given geopolitical and other market-driven pressures. While we were not immune to these pressures, the institutional business remains strong. We are generating good performance in equity, fixed income and alternative strategies, as well as within our multi-asset solutions business. Our pipeline of new sales opportunities is strong. I believe that we have the capabilities, consultant relationships and deep understanding of institutional client needs to move the business to a tier one position.

2%

2% 5%

AUM by asset type
Equity Fixed income Money market Alternative Hybrid and other

2%

7%

AUM by client type
Retail Institutional Alternative Owned Assets

37%

$472b

54%

35%

$472b

56%

Data as of Dec. 31, 2015

teams. And while the market environment dampened retail flows in the region at mid-year, flows rebounded in the fourth quarter as market conditions improved. Outside of our core growth markets of the U.S. and U.K./Europe, we're targeting specific markets where we can serve more individual and institutional clients and gain share -- Asia, the Middle East and other regions are attractive long-term opportunities for us as we expand our distribution capabilities and investors' understanding of Columbia Threadneedle.

In terms of financials, the decline in assets under management pressured revenues, but consistent with our expense discipline, we managed expenses well, delivered good earnings and generated a competitive adjusted net pretax operating margin of more than 38%. We have built a strong and profitable asset management business -- a long-term growth driver for Ameriprise. We are focused on generating profitable net inflows, and I am confident that we have the right strategy and team in place to execute our long-term growth agenda.

Annual Report 2015 | 11

Evolving our business mix -- differentiated by our capital strength, flexibility and return
Consistent with our long-term strategy, we are orchestrating a strategic transformation led by our more fee-based, less capital-demanding businesses of Advice & Wealth Management and Asset Management, complemented by the strength and stability of our Protection and Annuity businesses. It's a powerful model anchored by a strong financial foundation. As we've grown, we have invested strongly in the business, returned significant capital to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends and maintained more than $2 billion in excess capital, ample liquidity and a high-quality, diversified investment portfolio.

Percent of pretax operating earnings from our fee-based, less capital-demanding businesses

Dividends/share repurchases $ in millions

$1,456

$1,481

2011: $1.9 billion

2013: $2.2 billion

2015: $2.5 billion
$1,340

48%

57%

66%
$212 $314 $411 $435 $474

 Advice & Wealth Management and Asset Management  Annuities & Protection (Data excludes Corporate & Other segment results)

2011 2012 2013 2014 2015
 Dividends paid  Common stock share repurchases

As we've grown over the past 10 years, we've orchestrated a strategic transformation of Ameriprise to generate more of our operating earnings from our fee-based, less capitaldemanding businesses -- Advice & Wealth Management and Asset Management. In 2015, these two businesses accounted for 66% of our pretax operating earnings, and we believe as we grow our earnings over time we can increase their contribution to more than 70%.

Maintaining a strong financial foundation is essential to continue this transition. Our capital strength and quality reflects our commitment to our management principles of prudent risk management. And as we seek growth opportunities, Ameriprise has the capital flexibility, as well as management experience, to identify and integrate strategic acquisitions effectively to complement organic growth.

12 | Annual Report 2015

$1,372

$1,674

Benefiting from our client-focused culture At Ameriprise, our values guide our actions. We have leading employee engagement and some of the best employee satisfaction levels across industries. And our advisor satisfaction and retention rates have consistently remained strong. Our commitment to strengthening communities is central to our culture. Our employees volunteer thousands of hours of their time and our charitable giving rates are among the highest in the industry. We strive to make a difference. Hunger relief is a particular focus, and since 2009 we have provided more than 58 million meals and 196,000 volunteer hours to Feeding America and other hunger-

Our Values: Client Focused Integrity Always Excellence in all we do Respect for individuals and for the communities in which we live and work

Together with our people, in 2015 Ameriprise contributed:

173 11.5 million $13 million 80,000
Grants meals donated hours

relief organizations. We also proudly support the men and women in the U.S. military. In 2015, we were recognized as a Yellow Ribbon Company by the state of Minnesota, and for the second consecutive year, Ameriprise earned the Military Friendly designation for helping transitioning service members seeking employment. I am grateful to work with people who care about the good we can do for others, both at work and in our communities.

Annual Report 2015 | 13

Looking ahead Global equity market declines and heightened volatility at the start of 2016 have renewed investor fears and worries about the state of the global economy. We live in an increasingly interconnected world, and that is certainly true with markets, economies and central banks. People around the world are confronting similar questions about risk and reward. They need wellinformed advice and solutions when considering investment strategies to achieve their goals -- growing and preserving their hard-earned As of this writing, we don't know the specifics of the final rule, but we do know that it will affect investors and the industry. We built our business over decades to deliver appropriate advice to clients, and we have long served them under a fiduciary standard while maintaining a strong compliance culture and infrastructure. We have been preparing to manage the changes just as we have with other new regulations; we have the resources, infrastructure and capabilities to ensure strong implementation. Importantly, our leadership team is focused on helping guide

wealth, educating their children and preparing for retirement. Receiving high-quality, personalized financial advice is essential for all investors. That's what we do. Regulators are also considering how investors receive advice, and in the U.S., the Department of Labor will soon introduce a third standard of care for retirement accounts. The industry, including Ameriprise, offered extensive perspective and input to inform the rule.

advisors and clients through these changes. We believe that our financial advice value proposition -- satisfying clients' needs for the long term -- has been and will continue to be highly relevant and sought after. Whether it is a difficult and volatile market environment, regulatory changes or other headwinds, I am confident that the strength of our client relationships and the flexibility of our business model will continue to differentiate Ameriprise.

14 | Annual Report 2015

In closing, I share in my colleagues' pride of our first decade as Ameriprise Financial and the more than a century of our legacy that we hold dear. We successfully executed one of the largest spin-offs in U.S. history; navigated the financial crisis better than most -- without government support; stood behind and advocated for our clients; delivered appropriate products and solutions to help meet their long-term goals; and invested strongly in the business to deliver long-term value to our shareholders. We strengthened Ameriprise as a U.S. wealth management leader; established the firm as a global asset manager; and differentiated our insurance and annuity businesses through their risk management and focused distribution. Ameriprise is one of the strongest financial services firms in the industry with a legacy of performance across market cycles. The stage is set for the future, and I'm energized about the opportunity to realize our full potential. Thank you To our more than 20,000 employees and advisors, thank you for your hard work, energy and enthusiasm. We appreciate all you do to serve our clients every day. To our clients, thank you for entrusting your assets to Ameriprise. We greatly value your business. To my fellow members of the Ameriprise Financial board of directors, thank you for your counsel and support. We benefit from your perspective. And finally, to you, our shareholders, thank you for your trust and confidence in Ameriprise. We will continue to do all we can to reward it. Sincerely,

Jim Cracchiolo Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Annual Report 2015 | 15

