Dear fellow shareholders,
Ameriprise Financial is stronger now than ever before. That's a fact that few financial services companies can claim. For four years now, the business environment has presented a steady series of challenges, from the nearcollapse of the financial system in 2008 to the global economic malaise of 2011 and with several notable flare-ups in between. Over that period, the markets have regressed, with the S&P 500 Index down 14 percent. Through it all, including a distinctly difficult second half of 2011 -- when the U.S. and Europe careened toward major debt crises, market volatility soared and interest rates lingered on the floor -- Ameriprise Financial has endured and thrived. Today, we're a leading diversified financial services company with $631 billion in assets under management and administration. We take a unique approach to serving individual investors' and institutions' financial needs, combining leadership positions in financial planning, wealth management, retirement and asset management. And we maintain an exceptionally strong financial foundation that reinforces our client relationships and ensures we can continue to invest for growth and return significant capital to shareholders.

Meeting challenges from a position of strength Certainly, our business is connected to the markets: volatile equity markets impact asset levels and fees and create investor anxiety, while low interest rates limit the income we earn in our spread businesses.
In 2011, just as we have for six years as a public company and since our founding in 1894, we met these challenges. The company delivered record operating revenues and earnings. For the year, operating net revenues grew by 10 percent to $10.1 billion. Operating earnings were $1.2 billion, up 4 percent from a year ago, with operating earnings per diluted share increasing 10 percent to $5.00. And our operating return on equity ended the year at 13.2 percent, up from 12.9 percent at year-end 2010.

James M. Cracchiolo Chairman and CEO

1

$1.2 billion

in operating earnings in 2011

We also continued to strengthen a hallmark of our company: our financial foundation. We maintained our large excess capital position, managed our diversified investment portfolio effectively and reinforced our risk management program. This strength enabled us to return $1.7 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. In 2011, we repurchased 27.9 million shares of Ameriprise common stock for $1.5 billion -- more than double what we committed in 2010 -- and we announced two dividend increases, which together represented a 56 percent increase in our quarterly dividend from the prior year. In fact, with the latest increase, we have raised our quarterly dividend five times since becoming a public company six years ago.

Our growth platforms: wealth management, retirement and asset management We have built our company to compete in two primary ways: as a leader in wealth management and retirement in the U.S. and as an asset manager with an increasingly global business.

Operating net revenue per advisor (in thousands)
$400 $342 $300

$384

" Advisor satisfaction and retention rates for our more productive advisors are near record highs, and we have strong momentum in our experienced advisor recruiting."
We have invested heavily in our wealth management and retirement business over the past several years, and in 2011, we began to capture the benefits of these initiatives: we generated solid revenue growth, improved profitability and increased advisor productivity.

$271

$200

0 2009 2010 2011

2

Our advisors, 10,000 strong across the country, are the face of our brand. They are energized and motivated. Advisor satisfaction and retention rates for our more productive advisors are near record highs, and we have strong momentum in our experienced advisor recruiting. Over the past three years, more than 1,100 advisors moved their practices to Ameriprise, bringing with them new client relationships and billions of dollars in client assets. The strength of the Ameriprise brand is a key element of our growth story. We continue to develop our MORE WITHIN REACH® brand platform, and in 2011 we launched new television advertising, an expanded online presence and enhanced local marketing programs. Our advertising reinforces our rich heritage, deep client commitment and financial strength. The results have been very good: client acquisition increased 10 percent over last year, client satisfaction remains excellent and we continue to improve the overall awareness of our brand.

" ... we have earned top 10 positions in each of our main businesses, including mutual funds, life insurance and annuities."
Developing deep, long-term client relationships and serving consumers' retirement needs require a wide range of product solutions. We have a broad suite of compelling products to help clients meet their goals, grow their assets, generate income and protect their wealth. In fact, we have earned top 10 positions in each of our main businesses, including mutual funds, life insurance and annuities. Our annuity and insurance businesses provide important retirement capabilities, and we manage these businesses prudently. Our products are competitive, our pricing is appropriate and our risk management is strong.

10,000 financial
advisors
serving more than 2 million individual, business and institutional clients nationwide
3

Top 5

retirement
and advice
provider*
Unlike other companies that distribute their products widely, we provide our variable annuities and life and disability insurance exclusively to Ameriprise clients. We know them well, which improves our underwriting and supports strong client persistency. Our annuity and insurance product lines do more than offer income guarantees and asset protection; they are important contributors to our asset accumulation goals. Our new RiverSource RAVA 5SM variable annuity proved to be one of our strongest product launches in years, and our new indexed universal life insurance product is being well received by advisors and clients.

"Our new RiverSource RAVA 5 variable annuity proved to be one of our strongest product launches in years, and our new indexed universal life insurance product is being well received by advisors and clients."
SM

Overall, our wealth management and retirement business had a strong year. Retail client assets were up 2 percent to $310 billion, driven by strong net inflows in wrap accounts and variable annuities. And we made significant progress in our ongoing efforts to increase advisor productivity, with operating net revenue per advisor growing 12 percent in 2011 to a record $384,000. We also improved the profitability of our advisory business considerably. Advice & Wealth Management operating margin increased to 10.9 percent from 9.6 percent a year ago. And our insurance and annuity businesses continued to deliver solid returns and provided important revenue and earnings diversity.

An increasingly global asset manager While many consumers know Ameriprise as a financial advisory firm, asset management also plays a critical and expanding role for our company. Our asset management business ended the year with $436 billion in assets under management, ranking eighth in long-term mutual fund assets in the U.S., fourth in retail funds in the U.K. and 27th in global assets under management.

4

We operate two complementary asset management platforms: Columbia Management in the U.S. and Threadneedle internationally. Each has a distinct investment process and unique perspective.

" ... we are expanding beyond our historic strengths in the U.S. and the U.K. to serve investors in Continental Europe, Asia, the Middle East, Australia and other markets."
Together, we offer a broad selection of strong performing products, including 113 Morningstar four- and five-star rated funds. And we are expanding beyond our historic strengths in the U.S. and the U.K. to serve investors in Continental Europe, Asia, the Middle East, Australia and other markets.

Building on our strong asset management foundation In the U.S., we have essentially completed the integration of RiverSource Investments and Columbia Management and have an outstanding base from which to grow. We're delivering strong long-term retail and institutional investment performance. While the business experienced net outflows in 2011, we captured market share in a difficult mutual fund market characterized by equity fund outflows across the industry. In the institutional business, we're winning important mandates and our new business pipeline A powerful position* is strong. No. 1 Financial planning At Threadneedle, a good year included significant wins: company in the U.S. the firm won a $14 billion mandate to manage Liverpool
Victoria's insurance and pension portfolio -- a major institutional win in the U.K. And when Threadneedle's original contract with Zurich, its former parent, expired, we retained management of all the existing assets. In addition, Threadneedle continued to deliver strong investment performance and is expanding its asset gathering beyond the U.K. In 2011, approximately two-thirds of Threadneedle sales were outside the U.K., excluding the Liverpool Victoria win and former-parent sales. No. 2 Mutual fund advisory program in assets No. 4 Retail fund assets in the U.K. No. 5 Branded advisor force No. 8 Long-term mutual fund assets in the U.S. Top 10 Insurance and annuity provider

*See source info on page 10

5

$631 billion
National Day of Service

in assets under management and administration

Together, Columbia Management and Threadneedle represent a compelling capability. Our asset management business generated $528 million in operating earnings in 2011, up 29 percent in a challenging market, and our adjusted net pretax operating margin of 33.2 percent was up from 30.1 percent a year ago. While our results are strong, I am confident that we can grow even further from here.

Ameriprise Financial is committed to strengthening communities where our clients, employees and advisors live and work. We focus on meeting basic needs, fostering community vitality and supporting initiatives that are important to our people. Our National Day of Service reflects this deep commitment. On Nov. 18, 2011, thousands of our financial advisors, employees and clients joined forces with Feeding America member food banks and other hunger-relief organizations across the U.S. to ensure hungry families could share a nutritious meal during the holidays. Our volunteer teams helped more than 320 hunger relief organizations in 45 states, with 7,000 volunteers contributing more than 17,000 hours of service. In Minneapolis, employees packaged more than 37,000 meals for Kids Against Hunger; in New York City, advisors packaged 25,000 pounds of fruit for City Harvest; and at the Greater Boston Food Bank, volunteers sorted more than 23,000 pounds of food.

Employees and advisors assemble emergency food supplies at Desert Mission Food Bank in Phoenix, Arizona. Ameriprise Financial is dedicated to helping the nearly 50 million Americans who struggle with hunger.

6

We are ideally situated Ameriprise is well positioned to benefit from three significant long-term trends shaping the U.S. retail financial services marketplace: the beginning of the Baby Boomer retirement era, a growing mass affluent and affluent population and the critical need for financial advice.
U.S. households hold approximately $25 trillion in financial assets, with more than half held by retirees and those nearing retirement. Over the next 10 years, assets held by people 55 and older are expected to grow at a much faster rate than the assets of people younger than 55. Investments in IRAs, 401(k)s and other retirement products represent the bulk of total household financial assets, and we offer product solutions across the retirement spectrum. Our target market is investors with between $100,000 and $3 million in investable assets. This group holds a large portion of total U.S. financial assets, and it is growing at a faster rate than other groups.

" Consumers are concerned about their ability to achieve their goals, including living the retirement they've envisioned, and many are seeking help from a knowledgeable and trusted financial advisor."
These two forces -- a large retirement opportunity and the large and growing mass affluent and affluent population -- drive a third trend: a significant need for financial advice. Consumers are concerned about their ability to achieve their goals, including living the retirement they've envisioned, and many are seeking help from a knowledgeable and trusted financial advisor. As more consumers learn about the holistic approach we offer, I am confident they will choose Ameriprise.
Operating return on equity (ex. AOCI)
15% 12.9% 12% 9.7% 9%

13.2%

6%

The right time for Ameriprise As the U.S. and other countries struggle with significant economic challenges and the inability to agree on a fiscal path for

3% 0 2009 2010 2011

7

the future, Ameriprise Financial continues to deliver for our clients, advisors, employees and shareholders. Ameriprise is a strong, stable company with a record of standing behind our products and our clients. Our decisions and actions are prudent, strategic and for the long term. I believe no other company can provide personal and comprehensive advice to as large a client base as Ameriprise can. In fact, in 2012 we're introducing a new framework for our advisors to engage with clients about retirement, including meeting essential needs, maintaining their lifestyle, preparing for the unexpected and leaving a legacy. For many Americans, conversations about retirement can be difficult, so we're making it easier for our advisors to discuss clients' current financial positions and the actions they should take to achieve a confident retirement.

Looking ahead Few financial companies offer the investment opportunity of Ameriprise. We're making steady progress as a leading diversified financial services firm with two primary capabilities: wealth management and retirement, and asset management. Our fee-generating, less capital-demanding businesses are leading our growth and providing important diversification.
We will continue to balance investments in the business with ongoing expense controls and re-engineering initiatives. Re-engineering is a core discipline, and it provides important flexibility in a fragile economic recovery. Regardless of the economic and market environment, Ameriprise has the capital Capital returned to shareholders strength and flexibility to endure. (in millions)
$1,668 $1,600

$1,200 $1,456 $800 $756

" Regardless of the economic and market environment, Ameriprise has the capital strength and flexibility to endure."
We've proven we can seize opportunities in challenging times, and that we can accelerate growth when markets are favorable. I feel great about our capabilities and the opportunities before us.

$400 $164 0 $164 2009

$573

$183 2010

$212 2011

Dividends

Share repurchases

8

Thank you Ameriprise Financial has been in business for well over a century, a fact that gives us strength and important perspective. I have the privilege of leading this great company, the past 11 years as Chairman and CEO, and my executive leadership team is also long-tenured. Together, we share a deep understanding of the firm's capabilities, client needs and market risk, and we embrace the responsibility of keeping Ameriprise Financial strong for all our constituents: our millions of clients, our 10,000 advisors, our employees and our shareholders.
I would like to thank our clients for entrusting their financial dreams to Ameriprise. We will continue to work on your behalf and will stand with you throughout the journey. To our employees and advisors, thank you for representing our firm every day. Our mission is to help people feel confident about their financial future, and I appreciate all that you do to bring the Ameriprise client experience to life. To my fellow members of the Ameriprise Financial board of directors, thank you for your support and counsel. All Ameriprise constituents benefit from your perspective. And finally, to our shareholders, thank you for your ongoing trust in Ameriprise. We will continue to do all we can to reward it.

Sincerely,

James M. Cracchiolo
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

A values-driven

culture

client-focused, integrity, excellence and respect

9

