Dear fellow shareholders,
On behalf of all of us at Ameriprise Financial, thank you for your interest in and support of our company. In this letter, I'll discuss why I feel good about Ameriprise, our progress in a challenging year and how we're well positioned to continue delivering meaningful shareholder value.
(continued on next page)

JAMES M. CRACCHIOLO CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Annual Report 2016 | 1

Assets under management and administration $ in billions
2016 2015 2014 2013 2012

$787 $777 $806 $771 $681

With $787 billion in assets under management and administration, Ameriprise Financial is one of the largest diversified financial services companies and a recognized leader in the industry.

Diversified financial services leader
As I reflect on the year, the uncertainty in the operating environment was a pervasive theme. The year began with significant equity market volatility amid concerns of slower global economic growth. While equity markets recovered in the second half of the year, investor unease persisted, fueled by the uncertain political landscape in the U.S. and Europe that proved historic and remains today. In the U.S., the outcome of the presidential election elicited a level of surprise for many as investors contemplated the impact of policy changes in Washington. In addition, U.S. interest rates remained stubbornly low even with the small increase that occurred near the end of the year. Finally, the regulatory change agenda for the financial services industry was significant, including the U.S. Department of Labor (DOL) fiduciary rule and multiple regulatory changes in the UK and Europe. This backdrop affected consumers, the financial services industry and our firm. Ameriprise is an increasingly global firm, and in 2016 our assets under management and administration increased 1% to $787 billion, which included an $18 billion unfavorable impact from foreign exchange translation in Asset Management. In terms of financial results, operating total net revenues were down slightly to $11.5 billion. Operating earnings per diluted share (EPS) declined 9% to $8.48 as we absorbed higher non-cash, accounting-related expenses from our annual review of insurance and annuity valuation assumptions (unlocking) that were largely driven by low interest rates. Before the annual unlocking effect, operating EPS increased 3% from a year ago. At Ameriprise, we have consistently demonstrated our ability to navigate tumultuous conditions. While the external challenges in 2016 pressured our results and the financial services industry, we believe they also presented an important opportunity for Ameriprise to further distinguish ourselves in the marketplace.

2 | Annual Report 2016

Operating earnings per diluted share

Operating return on equity ex. AOCI*

2016 2015 2014 2013 2012

$8.48 $9.32 $8.52 $7.05 $5.57

Before annual unlocking effect, 2016 Operating EPS was $9.40 vs. $9.17 in 2015

2016 2015 2014 2013 2012

22.2% 24.3% 23.1% 19.7% 16.2%

Before annual unlocking effect, 2016 Operating ROE excluding AOCI was 24.6% vs. 24.0% in 2015

*Accumulated other comprehensive income

Financial planning leader in the U.S. #1 in investment industry in Temkin Group's 2016 Net Promoter Score Benchmark Study A top performer in customer ratings based on "unbiased and puts my interest first," investment firm category in the Hearts and Wallets 2016 Wants and Pricing survey 2 million+ individual, institutional and small business clients $787 billion in assets under management and administration More CFP® professionals than any other firm #34 global asset manager 120+ year legacy 
(See page 12 for source information)

Our strategy remains consistent: We advise, manage and protect assets and income for individual, small business and institutional clients. In these uncertain times, what Ameriprise does is even more relevant.
Our mission is to help our clients feel confident about their financial future. Ameriprise has endured and thrived for more than a century because our clients come first in our decisions and actions. Our diversified business--consisting of Advice & Wealth Management, Annuities, Protection and Asset Management--allows us to serve our clients' needs comprehensively and generate good earnings and strong free cash flow across market cycles. The strength of our financial foundation is a clear differentiator for Ameriprise. It ensures we can be flexible and opportunistic and it's fundamental to our ability to deliver long-term shareholder value. As we invest in key growth initiatives and maintain a strong excess capital position, we continue to return capital to our shareholders at a meaningful level. In 2016, we returned nearly $2.2 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and by increasing our quarterly dividend by 12%--the 11th increase in the past 11 years. In fact, 2016 represented the sixth consecutive year that we returned more than 100% of operating earnings to shareholders.

Annual Report 2016 | 3

Differentiated financial strength and capital return
Dividends/share repurchases $ in millions
$489 $474 $435 $411 $314 $1,372 $1,481 $1,340

2016 2015 2014 2013 2012

$1,675 $1,674

· Approximately $2 billion in excess capital · Strong ratings and risk management · High-quality investment portfolio ·Ample liquidity

 Dividends paid

 Common stock share repurchases

With solid earnings and strong capital management, our operating return on equity excluding accumulated other comprehensive income (ROE, ex. AOCI) was 22.2%, which remains among the best in financial services. Before the annual unlocking effect, operating ROE, ex. AOCI was even stronger at 24.6%. The total return for Ameriprise Financial common stock in 2016 was 8%. Over the long term, Ameriprise total shareholder return remains strong on a return and absolute basis, with a 153% return over the past five years and 286% since 2005. Our ability to create value is derived from the progress we are making in the business.

We are America's leader in financial planning, a position we've proudly held for many years. We help our clients address their entire financial needs across market cycles and their lifetimes. What sets us apart is not just what we do, but how we do it. Through comprehensive financial planning, our advisors gain a deep understanding of client needs and recommend actions that address cash management, savings, borrowing, investing, protection, retirement income and legacy planning. Our strong reputation and high client retention and satisfaction are important to us and something we work diligently to maintain and strengthen. In 2016, Ameriprise was again recognized as a leader in the industry for the way we work with our clients. This included ranking #1 in the investment industry in Temkin Group's 2016 Net Promoter Score Benchmark survey. This recognition relative to the industry reinforces the unique value our clients see in our comprehensive advice approach.

In Advice & Wealth Management, we have built a powerful business with a significant long-term growth opportunity to serve more individuals who need advice.

4 | Annual Report 2016

Ameriprise advisor client assets $ in billions
2016 2015 2014 2013 2012

$479 $447 $444 $353

Fueled by strong retention, client acquisition and net inflows, retail client assets grew to a record high in 2016.

We continued to build on our successful Be Brilliant.® national advertising campaign, hich conveys the benefits of or ing ith an Ameriprise advisor and drove brand a areness to a record high in . The campaign tells the story of ho Ameriprise and our advisors inspire confidence and help our clients achieve their goals. In fact, our Be Brilliant.® campaign earned the Financial Communications Society Portfolio Gold a ard in the Consumer Television Campaign category.

Our target mar et the mass af uent and af uent consumer is the fastest gro ing ealth segment and controls almost half of all investable assets in the .S. As e loo to serve more clients in comprehensive advice relationships, our effective Confident Retirement approach resonates strongly ith clients: agree the advice met their needs are committed to implement and are li ely to recommend Ameriprise. We also no that there is a large opportunity to serve younger generations people ho are accumulating ealth and value a human perspective and personal interaction hen saving, investing and protecting their assets. In , e further expanded our Confident Retirement approach to serve these individuals ith our Wealth Builders program. Personal relationships define ho e serve clients. We or ith our clients hen, here and ho they ant to be served. For many, it's face to face, but e also engage clients and prospects through our secure ebsite and

Our Be Brilliant. brand platform illustrates the everyday moments of brilliance clients can realize by working with the right advisor and right firm. Since launching in 2015, the campaign contributed to record levels of brand awareness in 2016.
®

Our Be Brilliant.® campaign features people living the full and rich lives they've earned.

Annual Report 2016 | 5

Client assets in fee-based wrap accounts $ in billions
2016 2015 2014 2013 2012

$201 $180 $175 $154 $125

$10.2 billion

of net inflows in 2016

mobile app. We're seeing meaningful growth in clients looking for digitally enabled engagement supported by a personal advisor relationship, and we expect this trend to continue. We consistently invest in capabilities to help our advisors deliver an exceptional experience for clients and to grow their practices. In addition to a robust product portfolio, local leaders and practice support, we're enhancing our technology and digital tools. As a result, our advisors are increasingly efficient and productive as they leverage technology to deliver advice and meet our clients' evolving preferences. The Ameriprise culture and level of support is attractive to our advisors and in the industry. Our advisors continue to be highly satisfied, practice retention is in the 90s and our advisor productivity consistently grows at a faster rate than others in the industry. In addition, we recruited another 325 high-quality, experienced advisors to Ameriprise in a year when recruiting in the industry slowed. With our strong advice platform, retail client assets grew to a record $479 billion, and we generated more than $10 billion in net inflows in fee-based wrap accounts. Our investment advisory platform ended the year with more than $200 billion in client AUM, placing it among the top five largest in the industry and representing a significant growth driver for the firm. The introduction of the DOL fiduciary rule presented a significant and complex change for the industry. Consistent with our financial
6 | Annual Report 2016

planning leadership, we are one of the largest providers of fee-based investment advice and already operate under the long-standing SEC fiduciary standard of care. We also benefit from the steady investments we've made to establish a strong supervision and compliance foundation, including our infrastructure, policies and disclosures. In 2016, we dedicated significant resources and management time to prepare to adapt to this regulatory change. We have long maintained and advocated for investors having access to significant choice and a broad array of products to meet their needs. As of this writing, the new administration has directed the DOL to further review the rule, and we will remain engaged. Overall, in a tougher year, we delivered good growth and profitability in Advice & Wealth Management while simultaneously navigating changes associated with the DOL fiduciary rule. As we look forward, we're focused on the right things: growing client assets the right way; further differentiating Ameriprise in a competitive marketplace; ensuring our advisors are prepared and see the opportunities comprehensive advice provides; and finally, enhancing our capabilities so we may continue to deliver quality, personal service. The need for personalized advice and a thoughtful perspective in this uncertain economic environment is growing. As the leader in financial planning and advice, it sets us apart and presents a unique opportunity for us to serve even more investors.

Operating net revenue per advisor in thousands
2016 2015 2014 2013 2012

$518 $514 $440

1,648 experienced advisors

have moved their practices to Ameriprise in the last five years

Protection and Annuities are important to serving clients' longterm security needs.
iverSource Insurance and Annuities our life, health and annuity businesses help ensure e can meet our clients' retirement income and protection needs hile also delivering competitive shareholder returns. We've established attractive businesses ith competitive products and uni ue ris characteristics as e focus our distribution to Ameriprise clients. We compete ith third party providers in the Ameriprise channel and e offer our products as long term solutions ithin a financial plan rather than as commodity products. Our focus remains on prudent gro th over time as part of our diversified business. We value the strategic benefits our insurance and annuities businesses provide from contributing to high client satisfaction and asset persistency to the connection ith our asset management business for the management of our insurance assets. They are complementary businesses. In , e focused on helping our advisors deliver insurance and annuity solutions that are important components of our Confident Retirement approach. In addition, e further developed our product line, adding three ne managed volatility funds to our variable annuity

offering and reinforcing the benefits cash value life insurance provides for clients see ing to gro and protect their ealth. Through investments in digital capabilities and other tools, e're ma ing it easier for advisors to offer these long term products ithin their practices. While our variable annuity and life and health insurance assets ere up on mar et gains, earnings in the businesses declined from a year ago as higher expenses re ected the non cash impact of unloc ing.

Our exclusive Confident Retirement approach brings together our capabilities to help address a critical consumer need--planning and preparing for retirement.

Annual Report 2016 | 7

Additionally, e continue to ma e progress in our direct property casualty insurance business. Client satisfaction remains strong as e or to improve the financial performance of the business. The ne team in place has improved the sophistication of our pricing, streamlined the mar ets e're competing in, tightened under riting and enhanced ris exposures. We are seeing improved results. The business is heading in the right direction.

With more than investment professionals and a presence in countries, our teams are focused on delivering outcomes investors expect. Columbia Threadneedle has proven expertise in credit, concentrated e uities, asset allocation and multi asset managed funds. We deliver a global perspective, maximi ing the benefits from our investment des s and excellent research. Our investment teams are highly regarded, and as of year end, e had four and five star Morningstar rated funds and ere recogni ed ith more than investment a ards in , including five ipper fund a ards in the .S. and the Best E uity Fund from Morningstar . We're building stronger and more competitive franchises across targeted product lines such as our gro ing multi asset solutions business, and e both streamlined existing products and launched ne products. These included three ne strategic beta products in the .S. and four ne funds for the European mar et. With the intense mar et volatility and significant geopolitical change during the year, our investment perspective as in high demand. Our teams or ed closely ith investors and advisors to help them benefit from our guidance. That included leading up to and after the Brexit vote, hich led to higher than expected client out o s in the and Europe, similar to other players. We remain focused on our and European clients during hat ill be a multi year transition for the . While our investment teams in the region are ondon based, Columbia Threadneedle has an established fund range and presence

In Asset Management, we've built a global business with broad capabilities and we're delivering competitive profitability while managing industry headwinds.
Asset Management is important to our diversified business and gro th strategy. At Columbia Threadneedle Investments, e're focused on building on our strong positions in the .S. and and expanding our client reach in ey mar ets in Europe, the Middle East and Asia. We have more than billion in assets under management and are among the top largest global asset managers. Columbia Threadneedle is an active manager ith a clear focus on delivering value to our clients. This includes generating an income stream in retirement, navigating changing interest rates, maximi ing after tax returns, gro ing and preserving assets and easing the impact of volatile mar ets.

8 | Annual Report 2016

1%

2% 5%
AUM by asset type
 Equity

2%

8%
AUM by client type
Retail

39%

$454

53%

 Fixed income Money market Alternative Hybrid and other

33%

$454

57%

Institutional Alternative Owned Assets

$ in billions
Data as of Dec. 31, 2016

in Continental Europe. We are working to expand the scope of our Luxembourg-based management company and further replicate a more complete product line. Like the industry, we will be looking for further clarification that will inform us and others about how to manage the transition for clients. This will take time, but I feel that we're in a good position. In the U.S., we are experiencing a level of outflows in traditional active strategies that reflect the industry shift to passive. That said, we're gaining traction from our actions and growing share on key intermediary platforms during a period when overall gross sales in active strategies declined. In addition, outflows in legacy former-parent relationships continued as expected, although they did improve from last year. With $194 billion in assets, the institutional business represents an important long-term growth driver. We had strong interest in credit and risk strategies, but like others, we experienced a delay in funding during the year. Given the large size of investment mandates, flows in any one year can be uneven. That said, our new business pipeline and "won/not funded" business remains strong. The team is executing well and managing the pressure from passive strategies and regulatory change. We're adding to our product lines, enhancing our global operations infrastructure and accelerating our strategic beta initiatives in the U.S. both organically and through the acquisition of Emerging Global Advisors.

In Asset Management, we delivered another year of solid earnings in a tough environment. Importantly, we're diligently managing expenses to mitigate revenue pressure while investing in long-term growth initiatives. Our profitability is competitive with other active players, and we're focused on delivering value to our clients and positioning the business for long-term growth. We expect consolidation will reshape the industry over the next several years and we're well positioned to benefit from our scale and capital strength. As we consider inorganic opportunities to accelerate our growth, we will continue to adhere to our disciplined approach.

Ameriprise is a reflection of our people--we're a team guided by our values and focused on delivering for all our constituents.
Ameriprise is powerful not only financially but also because of the collective contributions from our terrific team of more than 20,000 people and our commitment to meeting clients' needs--a commitment we strive to meet every day. We care about our clients, our communities and how we work with each other. In 2016, Ameriprise continued to earn meaningful recognition for the way we do business.

Annual Report 2016 | 9

Corporate Philanthropy -- 2016 Financial Institutions award at the annual Invest in Others Community Leadership Awards for our ongoing commitment to encouraging philanthropic activities at Ameriprise

Giving Back

A Culture of

An industry leader for employee engagement and leadership effectiveness 100% rating on the Corporate Equality Index by the Human Rights Campaign for the 11th consecutive year as a "Best Place to Work" designation for LGBT equality

Our values...
Client Focused Integrity Always Excellence in all we do Respect for individuals and for the communities in which we live and work

"Best Place to Work" by the Minneapolis-St. Paul Business Journal--for the seventh time A Yellow Ribbon Company by the state of Minnesota for our military support as well as a Military Friendly® Employer for the second consecutive year
Ameriprise volunteers packing food items in Minneapolis during our National Days of Service

10 | Annual Report 2016

In closing, I feel good about how Ameriprise is positioned during a period of change for the industry and our focus on serving clients and advisors.
The uncertainty of the operating environment is a constant and emphasizes the need for a long-term financial plan and strong-performing products and solutions. That's what we provide. With significant long-term industry growth trends in comprehensive advice as well as asset management, Ameriprise has a terrific opportunity to serve more clients' financial needs and earn greater market share. Though we know the environment will continue to pose challenges for our industry, Ameriprise has a record of expertly navigating difficult times and emerging in an even stronger position for growth. I'm energized about the future of our firm and what we can achieve. What we do and how we do it is unique and sought-after. We can help more individuals, small businesses and institutions navigate these uncertain times and maintain appropriate perspective. We have the right strategy and the right team to be successful, and we will continue to focus on executing with excellence and serving our clients' needs. It's important to me to recognize and express my gratitude to all of the people associated with Ameriprise Financial. ·To our clients, thank you for entrusting your goals and assets to Ameriprise. We greatly value your business and will continue to work diligently to deliver value to you and help you achieve your goals. ·To our more than 20,000 employees and advisors, thank you for your commitment, energy and enthusiasm. I appreciate all you do for our clients every day. ·To my fellow members of the Ameriprise Financial board of directors, thank you for your counsel and support. We all benefit from your perspective. ·And finally, to our shareholders, thank you for your trust and confidence in Ameriprise. We will continue to do all we can to reward it. Respectfully yours,

James M. Cracchiolo Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Annual Report 2016 | 11

