A LETTER TO

To Our Shareholders:

Shareholders
We have established ourselves as the country's preeminent automotive retailer because of our unyielding focus on operational excellence, and we are poised to capitalize on that position.
Pictured above (left to right) Michael E. Maroone, President & Chief Operating Officer; Craig T. Monaghan, Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer; Mike Jackson, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer; Jonathan P. Ferrando, Senior Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary

Success in the automotive retailing industry can be measured in milestones, and for AutoNation there were plenty in 2003: Membership in the S&P 500. A 46% increase in our share price. $575 million in repurchased stock. More than 660,000 vehicles sold. Eight consecutive quarters of record-setting EPS from continuing operations. A third consecutive year being named America's most admired automotive retailer by Fortune magazine. It all adds up to another solid performance for AutoNation, America's largest automotive retailer.

DRIVING TOWARDS GREATNESS In 2003, we positioned your company to achieve outstanding performance in the future by building on our sustainable competitive advantages, such as the scale of our operations, the critical mass that we have built in many of the fastest growing markets in America, our strong balance sheet and our team of the most talented, dedicated people in the industry. With these critical advantages over our competitors, we believe that AutoNation is poised for further success.

One of our achievements in 2003 was the continued reduction of our operating expenses. We recognize that our scale puts us in an unrivaled position in our industry to operate with the lowest cost structure, and in
AutoNation Annual Repor t 2003 ( 1 )

AutoNation is positioned to achieve outstanding performance in the future by building on our sustainable competitive advantages.
2003 we made significant strides to take advantage of this. Through relentless focus on driving costs out of our business, we were able to reduce our selling, general and administrative ("SG&A") expenses for full-year 2003. The decrease in 2003 represents a 90 basis point improvement over 2002 in SG&A expense as a percentage of total gross profit and contributed to a cumulative 500 basis point improvement over the past four years. This translates into ongoing expense reductions of approximately $150 million per year, strengthening our position as the low-cost operator among our publicly-traded automotive retail peers. We continue to see opportunities in the future to reduce our operating expenses through the exploitation of our industryleading scale, and in the years ahead we will continue to relentlessly focus on driving productivity improvements and reducing costs. Altogether, these efforts contributed significantly to our sound performance for the year and positioned us for future success. In a market characterized by intense competition, industry sales of new vehicles in the United States were down slightly in 2003. In this During 2003, we continued to execute our market branding initiative with the launch of the "Power" brand in Southern California and the "Champion" brand in our Houston, Austin and Corpus Christi, Texas markets. We now operate 37 of our franchises in Southern California under the "Power" name and 36 of our franchises in South Texas under the "Champion" name. We also continued to add to our car and truck brand offerings in our critical markets. Through the prudent execution of strategic acquisitions, we added 13 new franchises to our existing markets. The benefits of market branding and improved breadth of product offerings are significant: We can speak with one voice to the car-buying public in our markets and improve customer awareness of our stores and the wide selection of products that we offer, and we can position ourselves to meet all of the automotive needs of our targeted customers. RECOGNITION AMONG OUR PEERS While we take great pride in AutoNation's achievements during 2003, it is also rewarding to receive recognition for our accomplishments and outstanding reputation, particularly from our peers and others within our industry. challenging industry environment, we increased our earnings per share from continuing operations from $1.19 for 2002 to $1.76 for 2003, including the $0.44 per share benefit relating to our firstquarter 2003 tax settlement. In fact, this represents cumulative annual growth in EPS from continuing operations of over 15% for the last four years. We are also proud of the job we did in 2003 of strengthening our industry-leading balance sheet, which allowed us to take advantage of what we perceived as an attractive opportunity to repurchase a significant amount of our common stock. In all, we acquired 39.2 million outstanding shares during 2003 at an aggregate cost of $575 million. We also continue to exercise strong fiscal discipline, reinvesting our free cash flow above our cost of capital. We have a number of opportunities to strategically deploy the capital that our business generates, including investing in strategic acquisitions, making improvements to our current retail facilities, constructing new ones or repurchasing our stock.

( 2 ) AutoNation Annual Repor t 2003

AutoNation drove home solid results in nearly all segments of our business. Critical components of our success included a concentration on our role as a pure-play automotive retailer and the widespread use of best practices.

In 2003, AutoNation was recognized by Fortune magazine for the third year in a row as the most admired automotive retailer in the country. In Fortune magazine's annual survey of key industry leaders, our peers once again singled us out as the benchmark against which all other automotive retailers are judged. We take great pride in this recognition and view it as an important indicator of our ongoing success.

Our efforts during 2003 also were recognized in another satisfying way: membership in the exclusive Standard & Poor's 500 stock index, an honor that we believe reflects our standing among the vanguard of American businesses today. We are proud that this distinction recognizes the hard work of our outstanding team of associates and their ability to successfully execute our strategies.

WHAT IS DRIVING US IN 2004 AND BEYOND As we move forward into 2004, we are excited by the opportunities that lie ahead. Vehicle affordability remains at record levels for consumers. Auto manufacturers are producing a wave of great products for introduction in 2004 and beyond. With 368 new vehicle franchises representing 35 brands, we are ready to take advantage of vehicle affordability and this great selection of exciting new car and truck models.

We have established ourselves as the country's preeminent automotive retailer because of our unyielding focus on operational excellence, and we are poised to capitalize on that position. We will remain focused in 2004 on enhancing the experiences of our customers and associates, increasing the efficiency of our operations and strengthening relationships with our business partners. We will also remain disciplined in the strategic deployment of capital that we generate. Whatever the business cycle may bring in the coming year, we believe that our efforts in 2003 have positioned AutoNation to meet the challenges that lie ahead and to deliver further value for our shareholders.

FASTEN YOUR SEAT BELTS We invite you, our shareholders, to review the information contained in this annual report, which discusses our operations and financial performance during 2003 in greater detail. Your continued confidence and support are instrumental and highly valued as we seek to prove once more that we are Driven To Be The Best.

Sincerely,

Mike Jackson Chairman & Chief Executive Officer

Michael E. Maroone President & Chief Operating Officer

Craig T. Monaghan Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer

Jonathan P. Ferrando Senior Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary
AutoNation Annual Repor t 2003 ( 3 )

