TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
In 2007, AutoNation continued its reign as the largest automotive retailer in the United States by virtually any measure: number of vehicles sold and serviced, number of automotive retail stores and new vehicle franchises, sales revenue, service revenue, net income and more. In addition to our size and scale, we also take pride in the outstanding customer service provided by our 25,000 associates. As a result of our associates' efforts, AutoNation has been recognized by Fortune magazine as America's Most Admired Company in the automotive retail category in five out of the last seven years. Last year presented significant challenges to our industry. The most significant challenge was presented by the housing crisis, which intensified in 2007 and significantly impacted the automotive retail business and consumer demand for new vehicles, particularly in our key states of California and Florida (which represent approximately 50% of our new vehicle revenue), but also in other key markets in which we operate, such as Phoenix and Las Vegas. Your company was prepared for these challenging conditions, however. We continued to leverage our scale to drive efficiencies and adapt our variable cost structure to business conditions, while responding to consumers' needs by providing a diversified range of automotive products and services, including new and used vehicles, vehicle repair and maintenance services and arranging vehicle financing through third-party finance sources. Although our new vehicle revenue declined 7.2% in 2007, our operating focus on other areas of our business such as vehicle repairs and maintenance paid for directly by our customers was successful. Through our customer-friendly service drive process, maintenance menu and service marketing program, we achieved a $39.3 million increase (an increase of approximately 5%) as compared to 2006 in our customer-paid parts and service revenue on a same store basis. We plan to continue to focus operationally in this promising and profitable area of our business. Overall, we reported net income from continuing operations of $288 million, or $1.44 per share, compared to $331 million or $1.44 per share for 2006, with the net income decline driven in large part by lower vehicle sales in a difficult operating environment. Our 2007 results included favorable tax adjustments of $12 million, or $.06 per share, while our 2006 results included pre-tax charges of $34.5 million, or $.09 per share, relating to our April 2006 recapitalization. In 2007, we continued to invest in our business for long-term success. This starts with delivering a positive customer experience, which is part of our foundation of operational excellence. We sharpened our focus on customer satisfaction at our stores and, as a result, we ended 2007 with our stores meeting or exceeding industry average sales customer satisfaction index scores, as measured by the automotive manufacturers, more than 83% of the time, an all-time record at AutoNation. This is a particularly promising accomplishment because customer satisfaction is more than a measure of present performance. Today's satisfied customers become tomorrow's repeat purchasers and service customers, and our ability to continue as a leader in customer service bodes well for the long-term success of our company. We also continue to invest our cash flow with a view towards building long-term stockholder value. In 2007, we repurchased $646 million (33 million shares) of our common stock. We continued our

In April 2007, we launched our E-Vehicle program, a company-wide initiative designed to promote greater awareness ­ and greater sales ­ of fuel-efficient vehicles by identifying the best performers we have to offer.

Pictured right (left to right) Mike Jackson, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Michael E. Maroone, President & Chief Operating Officer Jonathan P. Ferrando, Executive Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary Michael J. Short, Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer

Since the program's launch, our E-Vehicle initiative has been well received by our customers.

acquisition and divestiture strategy that is targeted to improve our store brand portfolio by diversifying our store mix more towards volume import and premium luxury brands and away from less profitable domestic brands. In 2007, approximately 65% of our new vehicle revenue was generated by import and premium luxury franchises and approximately 35% was generated by our domestic franchises (consisting of General Motors, Ford and Chrysler franchises). Our most recent acquisition was the purchase of a BMW store in Tucson, Arizona, the only BMW store in the Tucson market. We also made numerous capital investments in our existing stores, to relocate stores, and to open new stores, with our primary focus being on our import and premium luxury brands. Our capital expenditures in 2007 were highlighted by the construction and grand opening of a brand new, state-of-the art sales and service facility for our Lexus of Palm Beach store, which offers customers a luxurious, welcoming and customer-friendly environment in Palm Beach, Florida. This is the exclusive Lexus franchise in Palm Beach, Florida. Overall, we are optimistic about the demographics and prospects for the luxury automotive business over the next decade, and we will continue to make investments in this very important part of our business for the foreseeable future. We are also taking a leadership role in the drive for vehicle fuel efficiency. Not only is our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Mike Jackson a leading industry expert and spokesman on automotive fuel efficiency issues and fuel technology, in April 2007 we launched our E-Vehicle program, a company-wide initiative designed to promote greater awareness ­ and greater sales ­ of fuel-efficient vehicles by identifying the best performers we have to offer. These are vehicles that produce fuel economy of at least 28 miles per gallon or that deliver 10% better fuel economy than the average for their class. The response from our customers has been encouraging, and we expect the emphasis on greener products will further distinguish us from our competition and lay a solid foundation for future growth as the market for more fuel-efficient vehicles continues to expand. Looking ahead, we expect that economic conditions will continue to present a difficult operating environment for our business, especially when it comes to new vehicle sales. We estimate that overall industry new vehicle sales in the United States will pull back from 16.1 million units in 2007 to the mid-15 million unit level in 2008. We are encouraged, however, by the recent Federal Reserve action to cut short-term interest rates. Our interest expense associated with inventory carrying costs and other floating rate debt should decrease in 2008 as a result of the Federal Reserve action. Our manufacturing partners are doing their part too by introducing an exceptional range of innovative, exciting products. Buyers today have the good fortune to choose from vehicles with an unprecedented combination of styling, technology, performance and reliability. In fact, the vehicles offered for sale in virtually all categories today eclipse what was available only a few years ago, offering improvements in practically every area of vehicle design and engineering ­ from fuel technology innovations like hybrid and clean diesel vehicles and convenience features like GPS systems, satellite radio and MP3 players to safety features like next-generation airbag design, rear view cameras and more. In sum, despite tough economic times, we are excited about the future of your company. We remain confident in our business model and our brands, and the long-term health of the markets in which we operate. As the economy recovers and consumer demand increases, we will be uniquely positioned to leverage our scale and industry-leading practices to improve our operating performance and increase stockholder value. We appreciate your support over the past year, and we look forward to continuing to deliver you the performance you expect from the largest and most profitable automotive retailer in America.

THE AUTONATION EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT TEAM

Mike Jackson Chairman & Chief Executive Officer

Michael E. Maroone President & Chief Operating Officer

Jonathan P. Ferrando Executive Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary

Mike Short Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer

