A Letter to Shareholders
Dear Shareholders: There is little doubt: 1999 will be remembered as a pivotal year in AutoNation's history. During the period, we redefined AutoNation's strategic direction and installed a new senior management team.We also cut overhead expenses dramatically, putting AutoNation in a strong position to capitalize on the opportunities we see in the U.S. automotive retail market. And, as you might have guessed from the cover of this report, we determined that AutoNation has a "clicks-andbricks" advantage no other e-commerce player, manufacturer or automotive dealer can match.
(left to right)

However, to appreciate these developments, it is useful to understand why AutoNation had to change.

H. Wayne Huizenga, Chairman, Michael J. Jackson, Chief Executive Officer and Michael E. Maroone, President & Chief Operating Officer.

A need for focus. When we operated as Republic Industries, Inc., we did so as a conglomerate of disparate businesses.We were in the waste services business.At one time, we were in the home security business. We also built a vehicle rental business that includes two of the industry's best known brands,Alamo Rent A Car and National Car Rental. However, it became apparent to the Company's Board of Directors that if AutoNation was to maximize the extraordinary opportunities in the automotive retail business, we would have to sharpen our focus. So we decided to divest all businesses unrelated to our core automotive retailing business ­ a process the Company expects to complete this year with the planned, tax-free spin-off of our automotive rental business ­ setting the stage for a new, singularly focused company. To reflect this sharpened focus, we changed our name to AutoNation, Inc. on April 6, 1999. A need for leadership. The new AutoNation also needed new leadership, senior executives with a deep understanding of the automotive retail business. In three years' time, former Co-Chief Executive Officer Steve Berrard, along with many others, built a $20-billion-a-year retailing enterprise from scratch ­ an unprecedented achievement. But despite our growth, AutoNation's stock suffered a steady decline. As we were proving ourselves adept at buying dealerships, the market was waiting to see how well we would operate the largest automotive retail group ever assembled. This is why, in October 1999, both Steve and Wayne relinquished their titles as Co-CEOs and the Board appointed Michael J. Jackson as AutoNation's Chief Executive Officer. In his career at Mercedes-Benz USA, Mike Jackson not only rose to become Chief Executive Officer and President, he also led a revival of one of the world's most respected brands. His leadership improved the fortunes of Mercedes-Benz's U.S. dealer body, of which he once was a part. In all, Mike brings over 28 years of industry experience to AutoNation from both the retail and the manufacturing side; a body of knowledge that makes him uniquely qualified to lead AutoNation to new levels.

AutoNation is America's largest automotive retailer, on and off the web.

1

AutoNation, Inc. 1999 Annual Report

A Letter to Shareholders
Working alongside Mike is Mike Maroone, who in addition to being named President and Chief Operating Officer in August 1999, is one of the Company's original automotive retailers, a constant presence who has played a significant leadership role in AutoNation's rise to Fortune 100 status. He stewarded our innovative "Mile High" initiative in Denver in early 1999, proving the power of operating our dealerships under one local market brand. And he was the architect of a major program that resulted in common sales and service initiatives being installed last year at each of our more than 400 new vehicle franchises. Mike Maroone also led the creation of our automotive e-commerce business, which we believe will generate more than $1.5 billion in revenue this year, making AutoNation the leading retailer of automobiles via the Internet. A need for tough decisions. Together with the Board, Mike Jackson and Mike Maroone realized the need for tough decisions about the Company's core retail business. Chief among these was the decision to close the AutoNation USA used vehicle megastores.

AutoNation aims to become America's best-run and most profitable automotive retailer.

With first-class land and facilities, the megastores proved to be expensive to operate and required significant management resources.The megastores also couldn't compete against a red-hot market for new vehicles, fueled by unprecedented factory incentives.

For these and other reasons, we decided to close 23 Company-owned AutoNation USA used vehicle megastores late in 1999.AutoNation senior management could no longer justify putting more and more resources into the megastores with little hope of a near-term return. Our new senior management team also cut corporate overhead expenses. We eliminated $100 million of expense through staff reductions and the elimination of initiatives that weren't bringing immediate value to our core business.This year, we're complementing these cost-cutting efforts with expense reductions in our dealerships.These moves will help us execute the strategy we have set as our course for this year and beyond. Our vision is to become more than simply "America's largest automotive retailer." AutoNation aims to become America's best-run and most profitable automotive retailer.We will achieve this: By making AutoNation the industry's low-cost operator. The return on our automotive investment will easily surpass those of our peers if we leverage AutoNation's unique scale by operating from a lower cost basis. By creating superior buying and ownership experiences for consumers. We want to create no-hassle environments in our dealerships that distinguish AutoNation from our competitors and make our dealerships the ones to which consumers will return for repeat business.We will also achieve this on the Internet with an on-line buying experience that is the industry's largest "direct" model. By building a national e-commerce brand that complements strong, local market dealership brands. Backed by the country's largest automotive retail network, we intend to build a powerful national on-line brand. Plus, we have already seen from our "Mile High" initiative in Denver the market power that's unleashed when our dealerships are consolidated under a strong, local market brand.

AutoNation, Inc. 1999 Annual Report

2

We'll be creating local market brands in markets where we reach sufficient critical mass. Each of these bricks-and-mortar brands will promote the further growth of our national e-commerce brand. This three-point blueprint is our strategic direction for 2000.Yes, we will continue to buy dealerships, but our acquisition activities will be focused in markets where we can achieve the critical mass that offers a sustainable competitive advantage or where we can leverage our e-commerce capabilities. Once we have demonstrated success in these markets, we will resume a more aggressive acquisition strategy. And, yes, we will continue to strive to win "Customers for Life," because it is those three out of four vehicle buyers who never return to the average dealership that remain this Company's greatest opportunity. And, yes, we'll continue to have national ambitions, only this time they will be more easily realized on-line, where we are not constrained by bricks and mortar, and where we clearly have a competitive advantage by being the on-line automotive player that owns the country's largest group of new vehicle franchises.This is the "clicks-and-bricks" opportunity that we believe will be a major driver of AutoNation's value going forward. Consider this: In 1999, our first full year of automotive e-commerce, AutoNation generated $1 billion in Internet-related revenue, at profitable margins. Our goal for this year is Internet-related revenue of $1.5 billion. As this "clicks" part of our business builds on the strength of our "bricks," we believe shareholders will be rewarded. And our "bricks" remain sound, as these full-year 1999 financial results illustrate: · Revenue increased 59% to $20 billion. · Pro forma store-level operating income grew 48% to $666 million. · Same-store new vehicle unit sales grew 11.5%, outpacing the overall industry by more than 30%. We'd like to make one final point:We're encouraged by the consensus of support for our strategy that we have received from the financial community, manufacturers and from our senior management, dealers and associates.These groups now agree that we have a strategy which will drive growth in sales and profits, and lead to stronger brands and shopping experiences consumers will value. This shared optimism about our future is long overdue, and is the payoff for persevering through the challenging year that we had in 1999. Thank you for your continued support.

H.Wayne Huizenga Chairman of the Board AutoNation, Inc.

Michael J. Jackson Chief Executive Officer AutoNation, Inc.

Michael E. Maroone President & Chief Operating Officer AutoNation, Inc.

3

AutoNation, Inc. 1999 Annual Report

