A Letter to Shareholders
The record-breaking results our company reported throughout 2012 were exceptional in-and-of themselves, but they were equally indicative of a larger strategy that our company has been pursuing for more than a decade. For 13 years now, we have been dedicated to building a business that merges entrepreneurship with process, that drives shareholder value through an unmatched pursuit of customer satisfaction. Our ultimate goal is to forge a competitive advantage that will be hard to replicate by other automotive retailers. The earnings we generated and the results we have shown are all testimony to just how successful that effort has been. The numbers alone are extraordinary: 2012 was the second year in a row that we posted 30% year-over-year growth in EPS from continuing operations. We finished the year with a recordbreaking fourth quarter EPS from continuing operations of $0.67, up 34% from the prior year's $0.50. And the full year was also a record for us, with an EPS from continuing operations of $2.52 compared to the prior year's $1.93. Total revenue for the year was $15.7 billion, a 13% increase over 2011 ­ and that includes increases across all major business sectors. Similarly, operating income was up 13% over the prior year, increasing to $645 million from $572 million. As impressive as these figures are, the context in which they occurred is even more remarkable. 2012 was a year of stability and slow growth for many elements of the economy ­ housing and consumer confidence offered reasons for encouragement, in particular ­ but much of this trending was modest and hesitant. During this time, though, AutoNation's progress was anything but. We were decisive with our initiatives and the market was decisive in its response, rewarding us with generous gains in market share and the AutoNation stock price. In fact, for the three year period ending December 31, 2012, AutoNation's stock price increased 107%. We move into 2013 with the same intensity and focus that has made us the unrivaled company we are today. Perhaps most notable among our new initiatives is our rebranding effort, a change that had been in careful preparation throughout 2012 and that was brought to fruition beginning in the first quarter of 2013. More than 170 stores and 210 franchises that had previously operated under local market retail brands are being united under one flag: "AutoNation." Operating with a unified AutoNation retail brand from coast to coast is a monumental event for our company and auto retail. From a purely executional perspective, it allows us to develop significantly greater brand equity and awareness, leverage considerable economies of scale and streamline many elements of our operation. When it comes to the long-term potential of such a change, though, the benefits are even greater: a coast to coast brand gives us even greater credibility among the buying and investing communities, it opens up marketing opportunities that hadn't been possible before, it promotes synergies that we expect to drive up market share while driving down our spend per vehicle retailed, and it fosters a sense of corporate belonging among our associates that simply wasn't previously attainable. These changes were the culmination of years of investment in operations and execution ­ more than $3.7 billion in facilities, acquisitions, training, technology, best practices and more since I joined the company as Chief Executive Officer in 1999. The synergistic relationship of all these efforts has resulted in what may be best described as a symphonic performance for our company: multiple divisions across a broad area contributing harmoniously to a singularly outstanding result which has driven an unrivaled customer experience. In the end, AutoNation has earned a position not only as the largest automotive retailer in the United States and the most profitable, but also as the benchmark against which the entire industry is measured. There is perhaps no more striking an example of the market's recognition of this achievement than the fact that over the past five years, our total shareholder return has been more than double that of the S&P 500. As we move ahead, we suggest that 2012 may be best appreciated as a precursor to even greater success in the years ahead. We believe that we are building a sustainable competitive advantage ­ that the AutoNation retail brand and the AutoNation experience are peerless ­ which we intend to leverage for the foreseeable future. Thank you for your support; you can be confident that we will be working tirelessly to generate even greater success now and well down the road. Your Fellow Shareholder,

Mike Jackson Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

