2

A Message from Management
Dear Fellow Shareholder: In this space last year, we told you that Republic Industries would "continue to expand in exciting ways" during 1997. As it turns out, that may have been an understatement. The growth that your company experienced in 1997 was nothing short of dramatic. During the year, revenue increased to $10.3 billion compared to the $2.3 billion we reported in our 1996 annual report. Net income increased to $300 million, or seventy cents per share, excluding non-recurring gains and charges. And while we closed 1996 with only one franchised vehicle dealership, by the end of 1997, Republic had become America's largest automotive retailer, with more than 270 franchised vehicle dealerships owned or under contract. At the

same time, we merged our dealerships and used car megastores into a single "Automotive Retail" division, and in the process we enlarged our automotive "family" to include more than 50 of the most successful vehicle dealers in America. Every one of these dealers plays a key role in our success. Also during 1997, we opened 18 additional AutoNation USA used vehicle megastores, bringing the total number of megastores in operation to 25. And early in 1998, we opened our 26th AutoNation USA megastore. In our automotive rental division, Republic's 1997 acquisitions of the National, Snappy, Spirit, Value, and EuroDollar vehicle rental companies, combined with the earlier acquisition of Alamo Rent-A-Car, established us as one of the leading vehicle rental companies in the world.

From left to right: Steven R. Berrard, President & Co-Chief Executive Officer, Harris W. Hudson, Vice Chairman & H. Wayne Huizenga, Chairman of the Board & Co-Chief Executive Officer.

In the solid waste segment, strategic acquisitions and strong internal growth propelled Republic into the leading ranks of solid waste companies in America. Major waste acquisitions during the year included Taormina Industries in California, Silver State Disposal Services in Nevada, National Serv-All in Indiana and AAA Disposal Services/Rainbow Industries in Virginia. One of the most significant milestones of the year is the fact that we grew from fewer than 5,000 employees at the end of 1996, to more than 50,000 employees by the end of 1997. Notwithstanding the significant operational and financial gains during the year, Republic's stock price for much of 1997 did not reflect our achievements. This was a major disappointment, especially since the fundamentals of our businesses are sound and the consensus for the future is bright. The consensus analysts' estimate for 1998 is for a nearly 80 percent increase in revenue to $18 billion and full-year earnings per share of $1.20 ­ an increase of more than 70 percent versus 1997. Our main mission in 1998 is to do our best to ensure that our businesses produce these results. We believe that this kind of continued strong financial performance will be reflected in the stock price. And what is our strategy for achieving these results? In the automotive retail segment, Republic seeks to become America's leading retailer of transportation products and services. To do this, we have assembled an unparalleled network of franchised dealerships and used car megastores. Experienced dealers manage these operations. Working in retail districts, they are eliminating inefficiencies and lowering costs. And by cooperating on such key business drivers as inventory management, marketing, advertising, sales, service, and management, our dealer partners are helping Republic become the low cost provider of new and used vehicles wherever we compete ­ improving margins and building customers for life in the process. In the vehicle rental segment, Republic is leveraging the equity of its brand names to improve its business in three areas: business, leisure and local/replacement rentals. In the business rental arena, National has made significant improvements in its customer service record. This progress was confirmed recently by a J.D. Power survey in which National tied with Hertz and Avis for first place in an annual measurement of customer satisfaction. On the leisure side, Alamo remains a leading provider of rental vehicles at many of the most popular vacation destinations in the world. And in the local/replacement rental category, Republic has launched the CarTemps USATM brand to serve customers who want to rent a vehicle for personal

or family use, or to replace a vehicle that is being repaired. At the same time, Republic is making a significant investment in upgrading the computerized reservation systems of its vehicle rental companies. These system improvements will enable improved fleet coordination among all of our vehicle rental companies. In its solid waste segment, Republic's strategy is to grow revenue and earnings through internal sources and strategic acquisitions. We believe the move toward consolidation in solid waste will continue and that Republic will play an important role in this trend. We are also leveraging our scale to achieve operating efficiencies and to improve margins in existing operations. Also during 1997, Republic Industries welcomed Robert Brown, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of B&C Associates, Inc., to your Board of Directors. Mr. Brown brings more than 35 years of management experience to his post. His company helped pioneer the field of social and public responsibility. 1997 was indeed a year of tremendous growth for your company. Our automotive retail division became the largest vehicle retailer in the country. Our vehicle rental division became one of the largest automotive rental companies in America. And our solid waste division joined the ranks of the nation's largest waste companies. We look forward to your support as we continue to grow in the years to come. Sincerely,

H. Wayne Huizenga Chairman & Co-Chief Executive Officer

Steven R. Berrard President & Co-Chief Executive Officer

Harris W. Hudson Vice Chairman & Chairman Republic Solid Waste Division

