AutoNation Annual Report 2001

A letter to

SHAREHOLDERS
(left to right)

To Our Shareholders: 2001 was a year in which we enjoyed successes with all of our core constituencies. Our customers purchased 712,000 new and used vehicles from us, helping our company become America's undisputed leader in automotive retail for a fifth straight year. On Wall Street, our investors rallied behind AutoNation's solid earnings, cash flow and same-store sales in the face of economic challenges. Their enthusiasm helped generate more than $2 billion of shareholder value as AutoNation's shares rose 106% and the number of investment analysts covering the company doubled. Meanwhile, in a Fortune magazine survey released this year, industry analysts and peers voted us "America's Most Admired Company" in the automotive retailing and services sector, giving AutoNation high marks for its innovative culture, quality of management, financial soundness and ­ most important ­ for the caliber of its people. Indeed, it was these 30,000 company associates whom we relied on most last year in our drive to be America's best run, most profitable and most valued automotive retailer. Together, we relentlessly pursued operational improvements and scale advantages. We reinvested our cash for higher returns and strengthened our balance sheet. We merchandised better and found faster and more competitive ways to offer the repair and maintenance services that only factoryauthorized stores like ours can provide. And we capitalized on the strengths that remain unique

to our brand of pure-play, specialty retailing. A great example: In 2001, we drove operational improvements in the used vehicle, parts and service, and finance and insurance areas of our automotive franchises. These higher-margin areas offered opportunities that we believed were great enough to offset challenges in the U.S. new vehicle market last year.

Craig T. Monaghan Chief Financial Officer H. Wayne Huizenga Chairman Mike Jackson Chief Executive Officer Michael E. Maroone President & Chief Operating Officer

And they were. Although collectively accounting for about a third of our total revenue, these higher-margin areas that are unique to automotive retail delivered 68% of AutoNation's gross margin in 2001, enabling us to deliver more AutoNation's Stock Price Rises 106% (Dec. 2000-Dec. 2001) store-level profit $13.00 $12.33 than in 2000. In $11.65 $11.60 $11.45 $11.06 $10.85 $11.00 addition, the $10.76 $10.29 diversity of the 35 $9.00 $ 9.00 $8.79 vehicle brands we $8.30 $7.50 sell and of the 20 $ 7.00 $6.00 major markets we operate in made us $ 5.00 even more resilient.
MONTH-END PRICE PER SHARE

In fact, because of 12/00 1/01 5/01 2/01 3/01 4/01 these strengths, and the contribution of these higher-margin activities, we accomplished the following in 2001: · Record full-year earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.87, before certain charges and gains. · Record earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) of $663 million, before certain charges and gains.

$ 3.00

6/01

7/01

8/01

9/01

10/01

11/01

12/01

AutoNation sold 712,000 new and used vehicles in 2001,

· A full-year gross margin of 14.4%, up 70 basis points from a year ago. · The repurchase of 7% of our outstanding shares for $257 million, at an average price of $9.41 per share.

· Our first senior note offering, a $450 million issue that strengthened the make-up of our capital structure and Our Vision introduced our company to a new audience of investors. Customer Focus Driven to Be the Best
SM

We call that vision our Driven to Be the Best focus, which took hold last year as we drove improvements in our higher-margin areas. This focus is founded on principles of operational excellence. When you sell 2,000 vehicles a day and service 25,000 vehicles a day, operational excellence is what ensures your business will grow and your customers will continue to come back to you. This foundation of operational excellence supports four key pillars of the Driven to Be the Best vision. They are:

Information & e-Technology Superior Experiences Productivity Improvements Scale Dominant Advantages Brands

· Superior Experiences. We take the wealth of retail knowledge that we possess and use it to create better Operational Excellence experiences for the customer. These experiences are designed to be "hassle-free" and are shaped to drive strong repeat and referral business. As the industry's largest player, we know we have great Most significantly, in 2001 our company adopted a cultural mindset that positioned us for future growth in earnings and shareholder returns. stores and talent. But being big isn't enough to remain valued in the eyes of both shareholders and customers. AutoNation must also be driven in its quest for excellence. And we have a vision to get us there. · Scale Advantages. Because no other automotive retailer has our scale, we have a wealth of opportunities to create sustainable competitive advantages.

AutoNation Annual Report 2001

making us America's largest automotive retailer.

Already we enjoy lower costs of capital, lower costs for employee benefits and preferred relationships with certain vendors that are difficult to match. · Productivity Improvements. This probably is the greatest opportunity we have at AutoNation. By combining the entrepreneurial talents of our store managers with proven best practices, we have found better and faster ways to manage our inventories, to deliver vehicle services and to present and sell our finance and insurance products. These productivity gains go straight to the bottom line and create shareholder value. · Dominant Brands. We strive to have between 10% and 20% of a market's new vehicle sales each time we consolidate our stores behind a local brand name such as "John Elway", "Maroone" or "AutoWay". By comparison, a typical competitor will have a market share in the low single digits. With that kind of advantage, we believe customers in these markets won't be able to make an intelligent buying decision without considering one of our stores. Finally, this Driven to Be the Best vision is supported by the wise use of information and e-technology. In this

sense, we've already realized this aspect of our vision by growing AutoNation into the Web's largest retailer of automobiles, selling $1.8 billion worth of vehicles via the Internet in 2001. However, while we're proud of our achievements in 2001, we expect to enjoy greater rewards as our Driven to Be the Best focus gains further traction in our stores, among our associates and throughout the highermargin areas of our business that we've outlined above. We thank you for your continued interest and support in AutoNation and look forward to reporting back with more successes. Sincerely,

H. Wayne Huizenga Chairman

Mike Jackson Mike Maroone Chief Executive Officer President & Chief Operating Officer

