Pictured right (left to right) Mike Jackson, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Michael E. Maroone, President & Chief Operating Officer Jonathan P. Ferrando, Executive Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary Michael J. Short, Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
2006 was a year of great strategic importance for
AutoNation. It marked our 10th year of operation as an automotive retailer, a decade in which we proudly defied a critical consensus that a company like ours could never be built ­ or that, if it could be built, it couldn't be sustained. Not only did we establish ourselves as the largest retail enterprise in the history of automotive retailing, but we have grown considerably since our founding. Today's automotive retail environment is remarkably dynamic, with technological advances influencing consumer expectations, energy concerns affecting consumer behavior and manufacturing upheavals reshaping the retail landscape. Success in such an environment is more than a matter of accommodating change; it's a matter of anticipating it ­ and today's AutoNation is clearly up to the task. In fact, we've put in place a series of initiatives over the past 12 months that have been specifically calibrated to drive our operations forward for years to come. Foremost among these is the Smart Choice program. Under Smart Choice, customers receive an easy-to-read sales menu that lists everything from the purchase price to financing options to monthly payments and more. It's the clearest way that we've found to present the core information that customers need to make an informed decision, simplifying the buying process, empowering customers and providing full disclosure of transaction terms where they're critically needed. Our pilot program in South Florida was so well received by the buying public that it's now being rolled out to all of our stores nationwide. We credit efforts like this, efforts that emphasize our customer-focused sales process, for a sound financial performance in a year that was particularly challenging for our industry. In fact, despite highly volatile oil prices and a number of significant setbacks for domestic manufacturers, AutoNation's results were impressive enough that our peers, analysts and automotive executives named us the country's most admired automotive retailer in FORTUNE magazine's annual poll for the fifth time in the past six years. Such admiration is not surprising when seen in the context of our accomplishments over the course of the year. Consider, for example, that we sold nearly 600,000 vehicles, a notable figure in light of the difficult sales environment. Our full-year adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations of $1.54* represented an 8% increase over the previous year's $1.43*, and our annual revenue of $19.0 billion was 1% higher than the prior year. 2006 also saw continued progress in our strategy of shifting our store mix towards higher-volume import and luxury brands, a strategy driven largely through our acquisition and divestiture program. In 1999, approximately 60% of our new vehicle revenue was attributable to our domestic franchises

*Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were $1.45 in 2006 and $1.48 in 2005. Adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations excludes certain items. See the inside back cover for a reconciliation to diluted earnings per share from continuing operations (the most comparable GAAP measure).

Our ambition is not simply to be a leading automotive business, but to be a leading American business.
(consisting of General Motors, Ford and Chrysler franchises), while 40% came from import and luxury franchises. By 2006, we had essentially inverted those figures, with 62% of new vehicle revenue coming from import and luxury stores and 38% coming from domestic franchises. At the same time that we've been rebalancing our brand mix, we've also advocated that manufacturers of vehicles in all classes and at all price points adopt energy efficient technology as widely as possible. AutoNation has earned a leadership position among retailers for promoting a sound national energy policy and urging the development of plug-in hybrids and other alternatives to the traditional combustion engine, and we will continue to endorse such efforts in the years ahead. We are committed to actively advancing the goal of energy independence, and we expect that all of us will benefit from the economic, ecological and geopolitical advantages that such independence fosters. While we expect a continued challenging automotive retail environment in 2007, we believe we have positioned the company well for the future. AutoNation remains the only automotive retailer with a position in the S&P 500. We're ranked 115 on Fortune magazine's list of the country's largest companies. We employ more than 26,000 associates across 16 states. And we've done it all in only 10 years of operation. We owe a particular debt of gratitude for such remarkable success to the active participation of our dedicated and distinguished board of directors. We have been the beneficiaries of exceptional guidance and insight from our board at every turn, and we thank each of our directors for their continued dedication. Of course, as our company evolves, so does the composition of our board. This is the final year we will be privileged to have Edward S. Lampert and Irene B. Rosenfeld serve with us as board members. At the upcoming annual meeting of shareholders, Mr. Lampert has chosen not to stand for reelection to the board so that he may concentrate his efforts on the stewardship of ESL Investments and Sears Holdings. And Ms. Rosenfeld has declined to stand for reelection as a board member so that she may more directly focus her attention on her role as chairman and chief executive officer of Kraft Foods. We benefited tremendously from the guidance of Eddie and Irene over the years. We wish them both well in their future endeavors and remain fully committed to upholding the same high standards of ethics, integrity and professionalism they exemplified while serving with our company. We're confident that with your ongoing support along with the insight, expertise and dedication of our associates, AutoNation will continue to deliver the performance that you, our coworkers and our customers expect and deserve.

THE AUTONATION EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT TEAM

Mike Jackson Chairman & Chief Executive Officer

Michael E. Maroone President & Chief Operating Officer

Jonathan P. Ferrando Executive Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary

Mike Short Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer

