TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS AND FRIENDS

M I KE AN D ERSO N

D I CK A N D ERSO N

This past year has provided us with an opportunity to reflect on the tremendous 60 year history of our company. What began as a single grain elevator and one man's dream has grown into a publicly traded company serving diverse markets, with operations in eight states, and assets in Mexico and Canada. We're sure if anyone would have asked our founder in 1947 to look six decades into the future, the company that has emerged would have been far beyond his wildest expectations.

The genesis of this company, an entrepreneurial spirit with a focus on serving the customer better, is alive and well today. Without it, we would not have been able to achieve record revenues of $2.4 billion in 2007. Our earnings per diluted share of $3.75 reached a historical level, representing a 71 percent increase above the previous record of $2.19 achieved in 2006. Records continued to be broken as we earned net income of $68.8 million, compared to $36.3 million the previous year. Shareholders enjoyed a return of 6 percent in 2007, a sixth consecutive year of steady total returns on their investment. While this return is below our monumental returns of 98 percent in 2006, 71 percent in 2005, 62 percent in 2004 and 28 percent in 2003, we continue to be pleased with the performance of our stock, especially during an exceptionally volatile market this past year.

2

The Andersons, Inc. Annual Report 2007

REFLECTIONS AND RECORDS IN 2007 As we completed our 60th year of operation, we took some time to reflect on the origins of our company and pay homage to the people who helped advance it during the past six decades. One of the best ways to honor those who came before us was to continue to show strong performance in customer service, safe working conditions and financial growth. The Grain & Ethanol Group had a performance well beyond expectations. The group achieved operating income of $65.9 million for the year, which is more than twice the previous record of $28 million set in 2006. Total revenues in 2007 were $1.5 billion, or $707 million higher than the previous year. We had great success during our first full year of operation at the Albion, Michigan ethanol plant and an excellent start-up of production in the spring at the Clymers, Indiana ethanol facility. Our expanded reach for corn originations to supply these facilities enabled us to serve more customers. Our investment in Lansing Trade Group, LLC (LTG) produced returns that also exceeded our expectations. Contributing to LTG's performance was an excellent year in trading, which we also experienced here at The Andersons. From a human resource standpoint, we experienced a historical number of organizational changes, both in new hires and changes in our leadership team, and continued to improve our safety record. It was a great year. While the grain markets were experiencing a high, the rail industry was encountering a slow down. Amidst lower traffic and declining lease rates, our Rail Group managed to maintain overall profitability equal to the previous year's levels with earnings of $19.5 million on $130 million of revenues. We grew our railcar fleet by nearly 1,700 railcars at very affordable prices. The eight percent increase brought the number of cars and locomotives in the fleet to nearly 23,000. Also, the group added a new repair shop in Macon, Georgia. The railcar and rail component business also was challenged by the downturn in the rail industry and the overall U.S. economy. We are proud of our team's accomplishments in spite of a challenging year.

What a difference a year made for our Plant Nutrient Group. In 2007, the group exceeded operating income records every quarter and ended the year with operating income of $27.1 million on $466 million of revenues. Prior year operating income was $3.3 million on revenues of $265 million. The 2007 income is 161 percent more than the group's prior record of $10.4 million, established in 2005. The dramatic increase is attributable to the increased corn acres, which require more nutrients than the other major row crops, as well as significantly higher sales margins as the price of plant nutrients continued to escalate during the year. The group increased its customer base during the year in all three business areas - wholesale nutrients, farm centers and industrial. And in our continuing efforts to enhance the value proposition to our customers, the group laid the groundwork for even better service in the future by adding storage capacity, enhancing their talent development and recruitment efforts and earning ISO certifications at two additional liquid facilities. Tough industry conditions challenged the Turf & Specialty Group during 2007, with raw material prices reaching record levels while the market for finished products remained flat. That didn't dampen the enthusiasm the group had to introduce its newest dispersible granule technology product marketed as Contec DG® in the U.S. and Nutri DGTM internationally. As we test marketed this patented and proprietary product, we found groundskeepers preferred this product because of a variety of benefits. During August, we supplied superintendents at golf courses throughout the country with a demonstration kit that allowed them to see for themselves how the product works. As a result, this product is already showing signs of being well received in the golf industry. During the year the group also introduced Duocide, TMa proprietary insecticide, and Enrich-o'cobs, TM an enhanced laboratory animal enrichment bedding, which are also being well received in their respective markets. During 2007, the group achieved operating income of $0.1 million on $104 million of revenues. The previous year, it achieved an operating income of $3.2 million with $111 million of revenues. The Retail Group made a significant addition to its offering to Toledo-area customers by opening a specialty food market in Sylvania, Ohio, in April. The Andersons Market,® designed for providing a customer experience around food, fun and a unique

3

and fresh product offering, is the group's first effort in the emerging niche food market. The group responded to customers' desire for collegiate and school sports items by expanding its already successful licensed goods apparel to include specialty items like furniture and dinnerware at each of its six conventional stores. At year's end, sales for the group totaled $180 million in 2007, or about 1.7 percent above the 2006 total of $177 million. The weakening economy took its toll, however, with reduced consumer spending and our same-store sales decreasing by 1.5 percent. Operating income decreased to $0.1 million, due in part to increased retail competition, start-up expenses for The Andersons Market and the recording of a one-time impairment charge of $1.9 million on certain retail assets. Our 60th anniversary offered us many opportunities to reinforce the principles that have helped make us successful. We recognized our employees and their continuous, unrelenting loyalty. We continued to show appreciation to our customers, the lifeblood of our organization. And we made sure we celebrated with the communities where we have operations by making special contributions to a variety of charitable causes that were recommended by our employees. We encourage you to read more about these celebrations and gifts in a special section contained in this annual report.
®

At the same time, we will be strengthening from the inside, continuing to develop our leadership team and acclimate our many new hires. These personnel changes are necessary to continue to properly service our existing and new customers. A continued commitment to exceptional service to our customers and support of our communities will be at the forefront of these efforts. The value proposition our Rail Group offers its customers will help to differentiate us as the rail industry attempts to rebound during 2008. Industry experts predict the slowdown to continue through the first half of 2008, but there is cautious optimism that we could begin experiencing a comeback during the second half. The rate at which market conditions in rail improve is highly dependent upon the state of the economy. In the meantime, low interest rates will work to our benefit as we look for opportunities to grow our fleet. Additionally, we will look to grow our railcar repair shop operations and seek out locations for additional facilities. In fact, we are very close to opening our sixth rail repair shop. We believe the recent slowdown in new railcar builds coupled with

STRONG ROOTS PRODUCE SOLID GROWTH As we look to 2008 and beyond, managing risk in the volatile commodity markets will be the name of the game for the Grain & Ethanol Group. Commodity markets have always had certain risks associated with them, but we are now experiencing dramatic changes in the marketplace. Between October 2007 and February 2008, for example, both corn and ethanol prices changed by as much as 50 percent. We must be creative and diligent to manage our risk, and advise our customers on their risks, as we go forward. As we focus on maintaining earnings in these volatile markets, we will be looking to improve our processes and evaluate our product offerings to our customers to make sure we are in line with, or even better than, the marketplace. We will continue to assess our facility operations, trading practices, and services for grain origination, marketing and risk management. We will continue to strengthen our relationships with our ethanol investment partners, and leverage our investment in LTG to seek out and build upon best practices. We will also seek out opportunities for additional partnering arrangements.

the predicted recovery in the U.S. economy will help to increase the demand for leasing, positively impacting our utilization and lease rates. As traffic increases, we also expect our railcar repair shops and fabrication business to improve. A key focus will be managing maintenance costs, where we could again experience cost increases in both labor and materials. The Plant Nutrient Group will build upon its industry reputation, and continue to emphasize customer-driven initiatives to increase market share, a cornerstone of the group's growth strategy. In 2008, our wholesale plant nutrient team is targeting both organic and opportunistic growth in our existing and new geographies. As our specialty formulated product lines in both the industrial and agriculture markets continue to gain momentum, we anticipate another year of double-digit growth.

4

The Andersons, Inc. Annual Report 2007

During the coming year we expect to increase our volumes for nitrogen reagents used in traditional pollution scrubbing technologies. Additionally, we will continue to seek to build upon our relationship with Powerspan's ECO® technology to scrub flue gas emissions from coal-fired boilers in power plants. This technology can provide us with opportunities to provide supply, operations and marketing services in a new market for us. Capacity expansions, enhanced safety practices and continuous improvement of manufacturing and handling efficiencies will continue to be at the forefront of our operations. The implementation of Lean Manufacturing tools and concepts in our operations will enable us to key in on the elimination of waste and improved service to our customers, which is always our ultimate goal. Providing an array of customers with premium products unmatched in the industry is the basis for growth in the Turf & Specialty Group. Armed with patents, production capability and capacity, and plant flexibility, we are geared up in 2008 to meet the increasing performance expectations in the professional turf markets. Based on the early acceptance of our dispersible granular products, we are excited about our prospects for volume in the U.S. and we anticipate solid growth to occur in the international marketplace where the appetite for quality U.S. turf products is strong. We foresee significant growth opportunities with our patented products in the cat litter business. Our technology also fortifies us in the laboratory animal bedding and lawn and garden markets. We expect continued success from our new Enrich-o'cobsTM and DuocideTM products, as well as other solutions under development. Our Quality, Service and Technology (QST)SM provides us with a clear message to our markets. Our distribution network is the best available, with a strong focus on customer service. While market conditions have been very challenging and weather always can play a major role, we are confident the patented technologies will serve us well in achieving our growth plans. Providing customers with the merchandise they desire, is essential in the retail environment. During 2008 the Retail Group will continue to develop the product offering at The Andersons Market,® refining the store's niche in an effort to broaden the customer base.

Expanded assortments in produce, deli, wine and House of Meats at the Market will be supported by an aggressive marketing campaign. In addition, we will experiment with new product offerings and increased emphasis on product demonstrations and events. The focus will remain on freshness and a fun shopping experience. Top line growth will be the emphasis in our larger More For Your Home® stores as well. Expanded assortments in workwear, storage, paint, and specialty foods as well as an increased emphasis on project selling and services such as installation and home delivery should provide increased sales opportunities. There will also be significant effort placed on improving inventory productivity and operating efficiency. Finally, we will replace our point of sale and back office information systems in 2008. Point of sale is to be implemented in the first quarter followed by the balance of the system by year end. Perseverance, hard work and a continual focus on the customer have helped bring us success during the past six decades. But what will it take to continue our success into the next 60 years? Much of the same, but also much, much more. We must know our customers -- we mean really know them. Responding to their needs today is important, but it isn't enough. We must anticipate their needs into the future, in a business climate and in industries that change daily. It is innovative service, much like the nine-bay truck dump that set The Andersons apart in 1947, that will differentiate us in all of our marketplaces. We must constantly seek methods to improve. This is not a new notion to our company. It is foundational. Whether it was the construction of our elevators in Maumee, Ohio, or Champaign, Illinois, or the storage tanks installed in Maumee in the early years, each were better than anything that had come before in the industry. As we continue to improve upon standards in our industries, we must also redouble our efforts to examine our internal processes and seek out opportunities to improve. We expect each and every one of our 3,000 employees come to work each day asking themselves, "how can I do my job better today?"

5

Employee health and safety and protection of the environment are paramount concerns in our corporate culture. All of our efforts must be performed with the utmost assurance for the safety of our workforce and stewardship of the environment. In 2008, we are launching a new corporate-wide initiative to take our safety culture to a new level with the goal of greatly reducing our accident frequency. It is our objective to place the corporation in the upper quartile of safety performance in the industries in which we participate. As is our tradition, we will continue to operate with the welfare of our local and global neighbors in mind. Other factors will certainly impact our success into the next six decades, not the least of which is effectively managing risk in our marketplaces. But philosophically, vigilance with our customers, our processes, one another, our communities, our environment and, of course, our owners are essential to our future success. Business is not the same today as it was 60 years ago, not by a long shot. It won't be the same in just six years from today. Our entrepreneurial spirit will help to keep us nimble, quick to respond to changes. Our focus on the customer will help us to maintain, and establish, long-term relationships to effectively manage change for a mutual benefit. And, our legacy of being forward thinkers will help us to anticipate, influence and lead transformations as they occur in our industries. Here's to the next 60 years.

HONORING THE PAST, LOOKING TOWARD THE FUTURE

SINCERELY,

Mike Anderson, CEO & President

Dick Anderson, Chairman of the Board

6

