To O u r Shareholders and Friends

MIKE ANDERSON DICK ANDERSON

The Andersons had a terrific year in 2004. Our results reflect the positive actions of many individuals and good market conditions, both of which are supporting the growth of our business. We earned a record $2.55 per diluted share compared to $1.59 in 2003. Net income was the best ever at $19.1 million vs. $11.7 million in 2003. Revenues were a record as well at $1.3 billion. Our shareholders enjoyed excellent total returns over the past three years of 62%, 28% and 30% in 2004, 2003 and 2002 respectively. The quarterly dividend payout increased by 7% in the first quarter and 7% again in the fourth quarter of 2004.

of non-recourse bonds and resulted in $5 million of financing costs to the Company. Of the bonds, $81 million were insured by MBIA and rated AAA by S&P and Fitch in February 2004. We took on significant challenges this year. We essentially doubled the size of our Rail Group and moved Railcar Ltd.'s operations from Atlanta to our headquarters in Maumee, Ohio. Other challenges included: Sarbanes-Oxley Section 404 certification and its added external costs of over $1.3 million, rising health benefit costs, and higher energy costs due to crude oil being in the $50 per barrel range. Doubling the size of the Rail Group and increased demand for

Total assets grew by 16% primarily driven by the businesses we acquired in 2004. The new investments are paying off as net cash, provided by operations before changes in operating assets and liabilities, increased by 61%. Yes, our balance sheet grew; however, our overall leverage improved as well. The long-term (recourse only) debt-to-equity ratio ended at .7 to 1. Book value per share increased 13% while our book-to-market value ratio increased by 41%. Needless to say, the stock market has responded to the Company's performance. Acquisitions in 2004 included certain rail assets of Railcar Ltd., a subsidiary of Progress Energy; a grain elevator in Oakville, Indiana; and an additional equity investment in Lansing Grain Company LLC. The Railcar Ltd. acquisition was very complex, with assets residing in the United States, Mexico and Canada. Financing of the $85 million rail asset purchase was completed by issuing $86 million

railcars proved to be very positive as the Group's income rose 170% in 2004. The excellent grain-growing season and record corn and soybean harvests, added to the positive results in the
Agriculture Group's Grain Division. Higher corn prices

in the first half of 2004 and good farm cash flow fueled a nice increase in demand for fertilizer nutrients in the Plant Nutrient
Division (PND). In addition, the team at Lansing Grain

performed particularly well last year which resulted in another nice return on our investment. The Processing Group's overall tonnage volumes were down 8%, primarily in the industrial segment of Lawn, but the decline was partially offset by better margins. The Retail Group's sales, customer counts and average gross margins were relatively stable, but the Group faced significant increases in competition in all of its markets. The competitive pressure was especially strong in Lima and Toledo.

2

The Andersons, Inc. Summary Annual Report 2004

Our BRAND is based on the promise that The Andersons develops unique and enduring relationships with our customers that help them achieve excellence and success.
to over 80% of capacity, another second highest in history record. Generally, high beginning grain inventories are a positive sign for storage income for the first half of the following year. Worldwide demand for all grain products remains a powerful incentive for increased U.S. crop production in 2005. The Grain Division has total capacity of 82 million bushels in the eastern corn belt. Lansing Grain has 3 million bushels of capacity in Bliss, ID and Red Cloud, NE providing us with a presence in the western corn belt through our minority investment. In 2005, the Division will again increase its investment in Lansing Grain, which has proven to be a good fit with In 2005, we are entering the 58th year of our company's growth and success. If our founders, Harold and Margaret Anderson, were alive today, we are sure they would be proud of the Company they started in 1947, the customers it serves and the people who make it all happen.
For more specific business unit highlights from 2004, see the business unit analysis on pages 6­13.

its base business. We will continue to explore growth opportunities in the eastern and western corn belts. In addition, we are considering investment opportunities in the ethanol industry. High-energy costs are increasing the demand for ethanol. Approximately 70% of the cost of ethanol is corn. The Company believes it can serve the industry given its long history of risk management of the primary industry feedstock; plus, we have efficient, strategically-located elevators that can be incorporated

2005 OUTLOOK
On the cover of the annual report and on selected pages you will notice that we have featured the concept of "Building Our
Brand." We know that we have brand equity in The Andersons'

into the plants. We are currently reviewing several sites for ethanol production facilities. In 2005, PND intends to continue to increase market share through customer growth, leveraging its excellent relationships with a dwindling number of North American manufacturers of potassium, phosphate, and nitrogen and augmenting its nitrogen supply base with offshore sources. In addition, the Division will invest in process improvements designed to reduce costs, widen margins and manage risks in its operating and marketing areas. PND's strategic growth initiatives focus on expanding its customer base and product offering in its core basic and specialty nutrient wholesale business and in its non-agriculture business with products such as nitrogen base reagents, low corrosive anti-icers and nitrogen products for general industrial use. PND continues to work with its pollution control technology partner, Powerspan Corp., to commercialize its multipollutant scrubbing technology for which the division is its designated reagent supplier and co-product distributor. The Rail Group's 2004 successful acquisition and integration of operations and assets with the Group's own holdings was encouraging. The integration has gone well and has enabled us to realize substantial operating efficiency. The Group plans to continue to grow its fleet as well as its customer base through selective fleet expansion or portfolio acquisition. By adding a variety of car types to its product offering, the Group will continue to diversify its customer base.

name, and we have invested significant time and resources in understanding that brand, as well as defining the ways in which we would like to increase that brand equity in the future. Our brand is based on the promise that The Andersons develops unique and enduring relationships with our customers that help them achieve excellence and success. The power of this brand comes from a personal commitment that our company and employees make to our customers, our community, our employees and our shareholders. This brand is delivered with the values of integrity, loyalty, and honesty with a friendly, committed and genuine personality. Look for us to feature this brand image more prominently as a means to grow our business in the future. The Agriculture Group, which includes the Grain Division and the Plant Nutrient Division represents the company's largest investment and the core of its business. The Group as a whole enjoyed a record-setting 2004. The Grain Division had another very successful year with full-year operating income reaching the second highest level in history. The record corn and soybean harvest filled our elevators

3

With approximately 14,600 railcars and more than 115 locomotives under management, the Group is now one of the top ten railcar management companies serving the North American market The Rail Group plans to maximize its potential as the total rail solutions provider for its customers in 2005. This concept draws on the Group's expertise in combining leasing, repair, fabrication, management and support services to benefit customers. Customer service includes our ability to retro-fit and reengineer existing cars to meet unique customer needs. This important feature helps the Rail Group attract new customers. We added a South Carolina railcar repair shop to serve the southern U.S. this past year and are currently evaluating several opportunities to further expand the repair function using both repair shops and mobile units to better serve customers. In the non-railcar fabrication shop the Group plans to renew its product development efforts to grow this portion of the business. The ability to custom-design and fabricate components for railcar customers positions the Rail Group to live up to its total rail solutions slogan. The Processing Group's plans for 2005 are to continue streamlining operations and to improve plant utilization. In 2004, the Group closed a Pennsylvania production plant as part of this effort. Plans are to focus on reducing expenses, improving margins, and reducing working capital through increasing inventory turns across all product lines. Processing has been challenged due to the upward spiral in raw material costs that threaten its margins. They are taking aggressive steps to reverse last year's lower volumes in
The Andersons Golf Productstm. The Group's growth

This past year Retail redesigned the electrical, bath and plumbing areas and began the resets of these areas at its Northwest Ohio stores. Resets will be completed in the Lima and Columbus stores later this year. The Group is also implementing a new "project selling" initiative designed to attract additional customers to these areas through the promotion of total project management for kitchen and bath projects. On the Administrative side, we will continue to keep a watchful eye on operating, administrative and general expenses for greater efficiencies. Although health care costs remain a major concern, our efforts in managing these costs allow us to offer employees a competitive health care benefit program at a reasonable cost. We continue to focus on safety in all our operations and are seeing the benefit of that initiative. Scores in our safety rating system continue to rise with 22 facilities recording zero accidents in 2004.
RENNETTA HORTON, 2004*

strategy for this market segment includes developing a variety of high-value, proprietary products. The Processing Group's cob-based products business, which includes bedding for research animals as well as consumer cat-litter
*date employee joined The Andersons

LAUREEN BORING, 1986

products, also had a tough time in 2004. Market factors for this segment put pressure on gross margin for the year. The Group plans to grow the market for these products while at the same time implementing tighter controls on processes and costs in its cob plants. In 2005, the Retail Group is planning to implement growth initiatives that build on their customer-focused MORE FOR
YOUR HOME® concept. Among those are adding a fresh meat

MARY ANDERSON, 1980

market to the Brice Road store in Columbus. This addition builds on the successful fresh food strategy Retail has been rolling out over the past several years.

4

The Andersons, Inc. Summary Annual Report 2004

Over the past year, the Company invested a significant amount of time and financial resources to implement the SEC's regulations around Managements' Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting, Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Documenting and testing all of our internal controls was a massive undertaking. Although it diverted our resources from other pursuits, we learned that a high degree of transparency and the culture of integrity that the Sarbanes-Oxley Act strives to create already exist at our Company. In the long term, compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley legislation may help us realize greater efficiencies in all aspects of our business. However, at this point it is unclear if the added cost justifies the benefits. We are pleased the SEC is seeking public feedback from registrants on the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Our first report and the independent auditors' attestation are included in the Form 10-K. In 2005, we will complete the final phases of implementing a new Human Resource Management System (HRMS) that will streamline the human resource, payroll, and time management functions, and create long-term efficiencies. It also, for the first time, provides employees and supervisors direct online access to personal and job-related information. As with the Sarbanes-Oxley project, HRMS drew on a cross functional team from several departments for implementation and training. This year we renewed our $200 million syndicated credit line with six major banks. The agreement offers us more flexibility and rates that are competitive and tied to our overall leverage. Short-term interest rates for 2004 averaged 1.9%. We are projecting our long-term debt interest rate to be just below 6% in 2005. As we noted earlier, we completed and financed a significant rail acquisition in 2004. In fact, it was our largest acquisition ever. This complex transaction engaged personnel in our Rail Group, as well as in the Treasury, Legal, and Accounting Departments, and is expected to have lasting financial benefits for the Company. We feel so strongly about service to our community that we made it part of our Mission Statement. Although we are sometimes reluctant to "toot our own horn," we wanted to mention just a few of our community projects. As a company, we strongly support the United Way and the end result was, this past year we once again surpassed our goal. In 2004, the company built its first Habitat for Humanity house in Toledo. The project was co-chaired by Dick Anderson and his long-time friend and retired Andersons' employee,

Sam Irmen. Employees donated countless hours of their free time to this effort and many of our vendors provided products and services. For the seventh year, we set aside one day to donate a penny for every bushel of grain received at our River elevators to the Toledo Northwestern Ohio Food Bank. We call it our Share-the-Harvest day. These few examples just begin to tell the story. There are countless other ways in which our Company and our employees support our communities. We recognize that our employees are paramount to the success of our business. We are fortunate to attract and retain 2,900 hard working, creative and dedicated employees who are accountable in every sense ­ for the quality and integrity of their work, of their actions, and of their service to the customer, community and each other. We are grateful to them, to our customers and suppliers, and to you, our shareholders. We have built our business on honesty, integrity, and mutual respect. These values will continue to guide our growth at The Andersons.

SINCERELY,

Mike Anderson, CEO & President

Dick Anderson, Chairman of the Board

5

