  The recession had an impact on our business, as
it did on every business in America. At WellPoint, we saw a drop in commercial enrollment, while medical costs continued to rise. However, we did see improved results in our consumer business, and as a result of a number of initiatives, including controlling our administrative costs and effectively implementing our capital management initiatives, we were able to increase our earnings per share. We also had a very smooth closing to our sale of the pharmacy benefits manager, NextRx, to Express Scripts Inc., which included the negotiation of a long-term agreement to better serve our members. In fact, I am proud that we continue to find innova- tive ways to increase the value of our products and services for our customers. I’m grateful to our WellPoint associates across the country who helped our company manage through this difficult time and who work to put the customer first.
Though the number of Americans who are out of work remains very high, we expect to see improvement in employment toward the end of
this year. Whether it’s the local depth in our markets, the quality of our brand, or our broad networks of providers, we believe WellPoint is
the best-positioned health benefits company in the country. We should benefit as the economy improves because we remain very attractive to both employer groups and individual customers. But we’re not going to stand still as if we thought we couldn’t be a better company. We believe we can build a better WellPoint. So we’re making
key investments in our business to offer the best possible health care benefit products and services to our customers and members.
As you can see throughout this report, we’re focused on making health benefits more affordable, improving access to care, and simplifying interac- tions with the delivery system. We believe that we have to favorably impact the value equation in health care while improving the experience of members, doctors, and employers. We’re very excited about some of the efforts already underway at WellPoint, as well as the many more to come.
10 WELLPOINT, INC.

 One way that we’ve been focused on making health care more affordable is by introducing inno- vative, lower-cost plans such as our ValueAdvantage HMO plans in Virginia. We’re working to improve access to health care in a number of ways, through strengthening and expanding our networks of doctors and hospitals and by reaching out to underserved communities that might suffer from higher rates
of diabetes and heart disease. And when it comes to bringing greater simplicity to those navigating the delivery system, we’ve expanded innovative new tools like Care Comparison, which provides side-by-side cost and quality information on 35 specific medical procedures. It’s our goal to have Care Comparison either fully implemented or in
the process of being implemented across all our plans by the end of this year.
We believe that we can make a difference
in the affordability, accessibility and simplicity of health care through continued innovation and by working hard to provide the best health care value to our customers every day. America
needs real solutions to the real challenges facing our health care system, and we believe we play
a vital role in making these solutions a reality
for our customers and our members. WellPoint will continue to be a vocal advocate for improving the health care system for the American people.
As WellPoint moves forward, our entire team
is focused on managing the fundamentals of our business and continuing to improve the health care experience for consumers across the nation. We never lose sight of the fact that our success depends on putting our customers first. In this way we will fulfill our mission to improve the lives of the people we serve and the health of our communities, something that inspires WellPoint associates and me every day.
Angela F. Braly
Chair of the Board,
President and Chief Executive Officer
We’re focused on making health care more affordable,
improving access to care, and simplifying interactions with the system. We believe that we have to get at the value equation in health care while improving the experience of members, providers, businesses and institutions.
 WELLPOINT, INC. 11
