                                          TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
We are very pleased with your company’s progress in 2001. Building on last year’s return to profitability, DIMON’s performance was again solid and in line with expectations. Moreover, we are projecting growth in 2002 and seeking to capitalize on improved market conditions, including continuing and robust demand for leaf tobacco. In addition to benefiting
from earnings growth translated into shareholder value, we have used our strong cash flow to reinvest in our business growth and further strengthen our financial position.
    Brought to you by Global Reports
DIMON Incorporated and Subsidiaries 1

                                           Brought to you by Global Reports
2 DIMON Incorporated and Subsidiaries
 20 01
DIMON’s net income in 2001 grew an impressive 38 percent over 2000.
 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
The strategic initiatives we implemented in 1999 focused on three key areas:
• adjustingourglobalproductioncapacityto
current demand;
• strengthening our balance sheet; and, • reducingouroperatingcosts.
We have achieved substantial success in all three areas. DIMON’s net income in 2001 grew an impressive
38 percent over 2000, which, in turn, represented a return to profitability from 1999. The continued improvement in gross margin as a percentage of sales and reduced level of selling, general and administrative expenses are clear indicators that our production capacity and operating cost base around the world are now well matched to demand.
We have also eliminated more than half of our global debt since initiating the plan, both enhancing the strength of our balance sheet and reducing interest expense by a further $4.1 million, or 7.2 percent, in comparison to 2000. Our cash flow, defined as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA), grew to $132 million compared to $125 million and $85 million in 2000 and 1999, respectively. These areas will remain an ongoing priority of our senior management team.
These successes have contributed to the increased value of our stock, as have investor recognition of both the tobacco industry’s resilience in a declining economic environment and the manageability of the manufacturer’s litigation situation. Additionally, at our level of the industry, investors have recognized the improving global market conditions for leaf tobacco. Finally, investors are
relearning the benefits of cash earnings. The resultant effect is, we believe, a more accurate reflection of the value we are building.
OPERATING ENVIRONMENT
Global trading conditions have been improving – albeit slowly – for over a year now, as worldwide supply and demand for leaf tobacco trends toward equilibrium. On the supply side, there are reduced crop sizes in certain major origin countries, including the United States, Zimbabwe and Brazil. On the demand side, we believe our customers’ leaf inventories are finally reaching equilibrium with production forecasts, fostering a return to more normalized purchasing patterns. These improved trading conditions, combined with the economic benefits from our strategic initiatives, have driven DIMON’s return to a more normalized and traditional level of profitability.
Another significant change this year involves how tobacco is marketed in the United States. While the shift from auction to direct contract purchasing was expected, it
has been more abrupt and all encompassing than most predicted. We have responded well by establishing our Grower Partnering Program. It is intended to provide us with an ample supply of U.S. grown tobacco to serve our global customer base, while giving participating growers a reliable and appropriate return. We have already implemented the required infrastructure and technology and are currently buying the majority of our U.S. leaf requirements through direct grower contracts. In addition, we have continued to invest in the assets required to continuously improve the efficiency of our overall U.S. production facilities. We believe these are
the right actions for operating effectively in this new

                                          Brought to you by Global Reports
DIMON Incorporated and Subsidiaries 3
  98 (0.63) 99 00 01
0.94
 EARNINGS PER SHARE FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS
 [in dollars]
0.40
0.56
 environment, but also recognize the challenges in managing operating costs because of continued requirements to provide services to customers in residual auction markets.
In the African region, the political and economic situation in Zimbabwe continues to give cause for concern, as Zimbabwe is a significant source of leaf tobacco. While our operations have not experienced
any material disruption to date, and we do not anticipate significant delays in shipping the crop we are currently buying and processing, the situation there makes forecasting future results more difficult. We continue to expect that Zimbabwe will remain a major supplier of leaf tobacco, due in part to its importance as a source
of hard currency. We also believe that, over time, its production could be replaced by other origins such as the United States and Brazil if necessary, but remain optimistic that no replacement will be required.
While we are not a party to any of the well publicized litigation involving our customers that relates to the effect cigarettes may have on health, we have been affected by customers’ more cautious and conservative global purchase patterns. Media coverage of ongoing litigation also had the effect of depressing industry stock valuations, to which we were not immune. Today, the litigation environment is widely viewed as manageable and trending toward resolution.
STRATEGY AND GROWTH
Reducing operating costs and aligning production capacity demand difficult decisions that separate what is crucial from what is not. DIMON has shown this
discipline, as well as a continuous focus on our key objectives. Our renewed strength is the result, but we remain as steadfast as ever in our resolve to improve performance for shareholders.
The significant changes we have implemented have not changed our central mission: to be the preferred global supplier of leaf tobacco. Our competitive advantages are expert people, efficient and effective processes, and quality products and service. We are reinvesting our cash flow to build on this solid foundation and drive our future growth. Programs we are funding include employee training and development, agronomy, information technology, customer relationships, strategic alliances and social responsibility outreach.
In last year’s letter, I reported that DIMON operations in the U.S., Brazil and Zimbabwe had attained certification to the ISO 9002 standards. This year I am pleased to report that our operations in Greece, Italy and Turkey achieved certification as well, and commend our employees for their good efforts. This is an important milestone, with significant mutual benefits for DIMON and our customers. We have challenged our employees worldwide to strive for continuous improvements in processing and quality and are well on the way to achieving ISO 9002 certification in all DIMON
owned and operated processing facilities.
Similarly, Internet technology provides tremendous mutual benefit for DIMON and our customers and we have integrated it into our core business processes. At the simple end of the spectrum, we use the Internet to communicate and exchange data among all of our
        
                                          Brought to you by Global Reports
4 DIMON Incorporated and Subsidiaries
 98 99 00 01
1,090,085 835,923
677,600
[in thousands of U.S. dollar equivalents]
 TOTAL DEBT OUTSTANDING AT JUNE 30
Asia is an area of increasing importance to DIMON.
529,799
 operations in more than 30 countries – no small
task in many of our remote locations where the basic infrastructure that many of us take for granted is absent. More complex uses are global Internet-based operating applications for coordinating our worldwide sales and logistics personnel and tracking real-time status of customer orders. We also maintain an extensive public Web site that includes an increasing amount of agronomic and other information relating to our business.
In terms of geographic strategy and scope, Asia is an area of increasing importance to DIMON. As the consumption of tobacco products in many Asian countries grows at
a rate exceeding other parts of the world, our Asian customer base will be a source of growth to the Company. Accordingly, we established a sales office in Kuala Lumpur several years ago and are currently adding personnel. We are also increasing our activities in sourcing leaf tobacco from a number of AFTA countries, as we believe they hold tremendous potential. Specifically, our well-regarded agronomy staff is coordinating with local suppliers in such countries as Thailand, Indonesia and the Philippines to improve growing standards and crop quality to the levels expected by our international customers.
IN CONCLUSION
DIMON has accomplished a great deal over the past
few years – an improved financial position and earnings, strengthened operations worldwide and enhanced capabilities to meet the needs of our customers. These achievements, in turn, are the catalyst behind our becoming the preferred global supplier to our customers, and the sound base from which to launch new growth initiatives in the coming years.
Specifically, we will continue to invest in the technology, people and processes required to bring continuous improvement to our customer service capabilities. We will closely manage our operating cost base and balance sheet to ensure that we maintain, and improve on, past achievements. Finally, we will continue to pursue those opportunities that directly enhance shareholder value.
To our dedicated employees around the world, I offer my gratitude. Your creativity and excellence, often in very difficult conditions, are an inspiration. I am privileged and proud to work alongside you every day.
To each of our customers, whether large or small, old or new, our commitment is the same: all that we do is driven by our wish to become your preferred supplier.
On behalf of our senior management team and the Board of Directors, we also appreciate your ongoing support. We remain focused on continuing to earn this support by delivering consistent growth in earnings and increasing the value of your investment. We anticipate a promising year in 2002 and face the future with confidence and enthusiasm.
Brian J. Harker
President and Chief Executive Officer
 