to our shareholders
Last year, we announced that DIMON would be changing to a March 31 fiscal year-end. As a result, this report covers the ninemonth period from July 1, 2003 to March 31, 2004. It has been a challenging nine months, and we welcome this opportunity to share our perspective on the Company's performance during the period, our current strategic and financial priorities, and what we see on the horizon. The change in our fiscal year-end was a strategic decision that will more closely align our financial reporting cycle with natural global crop cycles for leaf tobacco. The need to do so was brought about by the growing importance of our international operations, particularly those in South America, combined with the diminishing relevance of tobacco processing in the United States. As with many strategic decisions, the benefits are not immediate; in this instance, the transition period on which we are reporting does not have the benefit of the traditionally strong South American sales, which will be reflected in the first half of fiscal 2005, and should consistently be included in the first half of our fiscal year going forward. So, from the outset of our shortened fiscal year, we anticipated that our financial results would be relatively weak due to the ongoing major transition in global sourcing of leaf tobacco. As the year progressed, that situation was aggravated by weatherrelated declines in the prior year crops of both Brazil and Malawi and a poor oriental crop in Greece. Our financial results also suffered from the effect of the profoundly weak U.S. dollar, which inflated our reported selling, administrative and general expenses and depressed gross profits on our largely U.S. dollar denominated global sales. These and other factors brought our underlying financial results to an unsatisfactory level for the period. We cover this in more detail in our review of financial results below, and in our report on market conditions later in this letter. As a consequence of the ongoing transition in global sourcing of leaf tobacco and over-capacity within certain markets, we developed and initiated a restructuring plan in the period to adjust our production capacity and organization to better match current requirements and improve long-term profitability. We are optimistic about the longer-term effects that we anticipate as a result of our

DIMON Incorporated and Subsidiaries ~ 1

brian j. harker
We are committed to meeting these challenges head on by taking actions to reposition the Company in terms of both business development and cost savings initiatives. We will continue to refine our strategies and invest alongside our major customers as they enter new markets internationally.

restructuring actions. While it is too early to quantify the benefits, we expect that facility consolidation and strategic sourcing discipline will benefit our cost structure. The actions we have taken, combined with the programs already in place, are expected to return us to profitability in 2005. In the short term, the measures taken resulted in restructuring and asset impairment charges of $29.5 million in the nine months of fiscal 2004, and encompass the United States, Europe and Zimbabwe. The decision to implement this restructuring plan, especially the closure of our Danville processing facility, has been a difficult one and we deeply regret the dislocation it will inevitably cause our employees. Implementing this plan, however, is essential for our long-term competitiveness. We expect that the out-of-market pricing for U.S. grown tobacco will continue to diminish the volume of tobacco available to process in this country, and that consolidating our U.S. production into a single facility will enable DIMON to continue to compete effectively while serving our customers. In Europe, the anticipated reduction or elimination of EU subsidies to tobacco growers will make these markets extremely challenging,

and we are exiting those European markets that show insufficient growth and profitability opportunities. Finally, although we remain committed to Zimbabwe as a major source of good quality, reasonably priced leaf tobacco, diminished forecast cash flows related to the continued political and social instability in that country have impaired the value of certain non-production assets there. We are committed to meeting these challenges head on by taking actions to reposition the Company in terms of both business development and cost savings initiatives. We will continue to refine our strategies and invest alongside our major customers as they enter new markets internationally. Simultaneously, we are aggressively looking at the way we do business internally, improving processes and systems and reducing costs. In short, we are redefining DIMON from top to bottom.

Financial Results
For the nine months, we had a net loss of $32.9 million, or $0.73 per basic share, on sales and other operating revenues of $835.3 million. Our underlying net loss for the shortened fiscal year, a non-GAAP measure that excludes market valuation adjustments

2 ~ 2004 Annual Report

steven b. daniels

for derivative financial instruments and charges for restructuring and impairment, was $14.1 million, or $0.31 per basic share. Sales and other operating revenues decreased $40.3 million in comparison to the same prior period, primarily due to lower sales and processing revenues in the U.S. Gross profit decreased $35.3 million period over period, primarily due to decreased volumes in the U.S., Brazil, Zimbabwe and Malawi. Gross profit was also negatively affected by the mix of products shipped and the relative weakness of the U.S. dollar against other major currencies, the euro in particular. As a result, in 2004 we recognized increased lower of cost or market adjustments of $4.8 million primarily on Greek and Italian flue-cured and burley tobacco. Selling, administrative and general expenses increased $12.5 million period over period, substantially because of the weaker U.S. dollar and higher legal and professional, employee benefit, and insurance expense. Underlying net income, as reported by us, excludes market valuation adjustments for derivative financial instruments, which result from interest rate swaps that must be marked-to-market each quarter, even though they are being held to maturity. In

discussing our operating performance, we consistently exclude these market valuation adjustments because they do not reflect our operating activities, are non-cash in nature, and will reverse in their entirety (gains and losses will offset each other) during the remaining term of the associated interest rate swaps. We also consistently exclude gains and charges resulting from unusual transactions or events that are not reflective of our underlying operations, and that are not expected to recur.

Market Conditions
As we look ahead, the operating environment remains challenging. We believe that global supply and demand for leaf tobacco continues to be substantially balanced. However, there are indications that production forecasts, if achieved, could exceed global customer demand. In addition, sizable reductions in tobacco production volume continue in both the United States and Zimbabwe. These reductions, as well as anticipated future reductions in Western Europe, have created a shift in the sourcing of customer requirements, primarily to Argentina, Brazil, Asia and certain African countries other than Zimbabwe, where the political

DIMON Incorporated and Subsidiaries ~ 3

Reconciliation of Underlying Net Income (Loss)
(in thousands except earnings (loss) per share)

2004* (32,868) (4,435) 25,834 (2,610) ­ ­ ­ $(14,079) 44,723 $ $ (0.31) (0.73)

2003 28,057 9,427 ­ ­ 3,900 (1,777) ­ $39,607 44,532 $ $ 0.89 0.63 $ $

2002 27,476 7,468 ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ $34,944 44,525 0.78 0.62 $ $

2001 24,894 3,426 (1,013) ­ (2,872) ­ 103 $24,538 44,525 0.55 0.56

2000 17,988 ­ (162) ­ ­ ­ ­ $17,826 44,525 $ $ 0.40 0.40

Net income (loss) Non-GAAP adjustments, net of tax: Market valuation adjustments for derivatives Restructuring/asset impairment charge (recovery) Minority interest in restructuring/asset impairment Litigation settlement (recovery) Extraordinary gain Effect of accounting changes Underlying net income (loss) Average number of basic shares outstanding Underlying earnings (loss) per basic share GAAP earnings (loss) per basic share

* Change in year end to March 31 results in nine-month shortened fiscal year for 2004

and economic situation continues to deteriorate. We are indebted to our local management and employees who continue to make a positive contribution despite the adverse conditions. Importantly, our operations in Tanzania, as well as some of our other operations in the Africa region, are benefiting from the shift away from Zimbabwe. In South America, we continue to see excellent results from our operations in Brazil, which is now one of our largest sourcing origins in terms of both volume and revenue. The flue-cured crop in Brazil is estimated at 700,000 tons, the largest in history, and next year's crop is predicted to be even larger. Processing, however, has been substantially delayed due to slow delivery of the tobacco by farmers. It is an extremely competitive operating environment this season in Brazil, which will put pressure on margins already exacerbated by the weak U.S. dollar. The Asian region continues to grow in importance. We intend to allocate further resources as appropriate to expand our operations and meet the growing needs of our customers in this region. Restructuring of our European operations is partially complete, with additional measures anticipated to respond to the strong euro; changes to the Common Agricultural Policy, including a move to decouple agricultural subsidies from the actual growing of leaf tobacco; and shifts in production among competing growing areas in the region. The projection of further declines in U.S. processing volumes mandated a reduction in our processing capacity and the resulting decision to close one of our two processing facilities in the U.S. U.S. grown leaf tobacco remains uncompetitive in world markets, perpetuating weak demand. At the time of writing, the future of the USDA-administered Tobacco Program is still uncertain, and the absence of any meaningful change to the Tobacco Program increases the likelihood of the U.S. becoming a domestic market. Our dark air-cured operations remain adversely impacted by an oversupply of cigar filler tobacco, as well as unfavorable weatherrelated growing conditions in Northern Brazil and Indonesia, which impacted leaf quality in those countries. We are in the process of reviewing and rationalizing operations to improve efficiencies and further reduce costs.

In Conclusion
The restructuring actions we are taking recognize and respond to these changing market dynamics. Looking forward, the picture is rather brighter as we anticipate recognizing the benefits of the large South American crops, particularly from Brazil. We expect a return to profitability in fiscal 2005, although results will be tempered by the carryover restructuring charges related to the U.S. and Europe, estimated at $7 million, the continuing effects of the weak U.S. dollar, an extremely competitive operating environment, and production inefficiencies in the diminished U.S. and Zimbabwe origins. Fiscal year 2006 should see a return to more normalized earnings growth based on historic patterns. We are committed as ever to following a customer focused strategy, which we are confident will bolster the strong relationships we enjoy with our customers and allow us to grow alongside them. We will focus management attention and resources on those origins that are escalating in market importance and on delivering outstanding customer service, even as we exercise expense discipline and maintain a healthy balance sheet. Our employees worldwide are to be commended for their outstanding efforts and relentless optimism. We thank our customers, whose feedback is invaluable in redefining DIMON and refining our strategy. We also thank the Board for its continuing counsel during these complex times. Finally, we extend our appreciation to you, DIMON's stakeholders, for your support and patience.

BRIAN J. HARKER Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

STEVEN B. DANIELS President and Chief Operating Officer

4 ~ 2004 Annual Report

