FELLOW INVESTOR:
Fiscal year 2016 was, in many ways, a year that showed the positive impact of the strategic and structural changes that have taken place at our Company. It was the first year of reverse vertical integration initiatives in both Uganda and the United States that resulted in full service sales volume growth, despite the continuation of global tobacco oversupply. It was also a year in which we focused on strengthening our operations to improve efficiency, reduce cost and find new ways to deliver value-added service to our customers, and it was a year in which we adjusted our global footprint to align it to future demand requirements. In summation, it was a year of continuous improvement for Alliance One. Our Company's performance reflects the positive impact of these improvements. Net income increased to $65.5 million from a net loss of $27.9 million last year, and included a $106.2 million gain related to the reconsolidation of our Zimbabwe subsidiary. In the course of the year we also faced a variety challenges. A strong U.S. dollar reduced revenue and the oversupply leaf trading conditions continued. El Nino weather patterns impacted crop quality and volumes, particularly in the United States, and in the course of our restructuring and efficiency improvement program, we discovered discrepancies in accounts receivable and inventory in our Kenyan subsidiary. After excluding, among other items, the Zimbabwe subsidiary gain, legal and professional costs associated with the Kenyan matter, the impact of the curtailment of green leaf sourcing in Kenya, and including results from our Zimbabwe operation not included in consolidated results, adjusted EBTIDA was $189.6 million, consistent with the prior year. The restructuring and efficiency improvement program that began implementation in March 2015 is on track to deliver over $35.0 million of anticipated recurring annualized savings with approximately 95.0% of targeted actions enacted and the remainder to be achieved over the next 18 months. Driven mainly by efficiency and cost reduction initiatives, SG&A reduced 9.8% to $123.5 million. Reduction of long-term debt remains a priority. Due to the challenges in Kenya, we were precluded from purchasing our 9.875% Senior Secured Second Lien Notes, with $720.0 million of face value outstanding at year end. Additionally, our liquidity at fiscal year end remained in line with our internal expectations with available credit lines and cash of $626.3 million, comprised of $199.7 million in cash and $426.6 million of credit lines, excluding $13.1 million exclusively for letters of credit. Internal forecasts anticipate improved sales and adjusted EBITDA for fiscal year 2017 when compared to 2016. Consistent with trends over the last several years, we are forecasting increased sales and adjusted EBITDA in the second half of fiscal year 2017 versus the first half of the year. Additionally, during fiscal year 2017, we are targeting approximately $15.0 million of capital expenditures for maintenance and roughly $8.0 million related to rebuilding a warehouse damaged by fire in Zimbabwe that is covered by insurance. Looking ahead, global supply and demand appears to be moving toward equilibrium and, in line with the market tightening in various origins and qualities and the ongoing El Nino effect on crop sizes, global crop production will decrease further next year. Further into the future, we anticipate some manufacturers' partial vertical integration strategies will continue to reverse as they seek to gain efficiency benefits and costs savings, and leverage compliant suppliers' capabilities. We are well-positioned to meet customers' evolving requirements and step further up the supply chain. Responsible crop production is a requirement in today's business environment, and our sustainability programs are key components of our plan to cost effectively secure leaf supply. We have surpassed our 2020 targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions, processing fuel usage and landfill waste, and we have introduced the Agricultural Labor Practices program to thousands of tobacco growers worldwide. Our focus on enhancing Good Agricultural Practices and labor practices globally is essential to our customers and to our Company. Our worldwide team is committed to enhancing shareholder value. It is essential to recognize that our employees' ability to adapt to change, perseverance in an evolving industry and focus on continuous improvement are positioning us for further success. Through execution of our well-measured strategy, and a continued commitment to proactively addressing opportunities and customer requirements, we will be prepared to meet the challenges of a dynamic industry and strengthen our position as a preferred supplier to customers.

Mark W. Kehaya Chairman of the Board of Directors

Pieter Sikkel President and Chief Executive Officer

