DEAR FELLOW INVESTOR:
ur 2008 fiscal year results are a reflection of the successful execution of our strategy and mission, enabling us to navigate through a challenging year. We are building a true strategic partnership with manufacturers and marketers of tobacco products worldwide, with the footprint and scale necessary to drive efficiency, sustainability and long-term shareholder value. In an intensely competitive industry we are focused on creating and delivering real value to our customers and business partners throughout the tobacco supply chain. And, we are accomplishing this through a range of innovative products and services, delivered through a professional workforce that spans the globe.

O

In an intensely competitive industry we are focused on creating and delivering real value to our customers and business partners throughout the tobacco supply chain. And, we are accomplishing this through a range of innovative products and services, delivered through a professional workforce that spans the globe.
cash availability. Indeed, in light of continuing uncertainty in the global capital markets, during the year we have consciously increased our available credit and cash from $631.1 million at prior year end to $696.9 million at March 31, 2008. · Restructuring Charges. While we had hoped that the "noise" from non-recurring items would have been mostly behind us, we did record some additional restructuring charges during the year aggregating $19.6 million, versus $29.8 million last year, as we continued to refine our operational footprint, including the sale of our non-core dark tobacco operations and reductions in European flue cured and burley tobacco volumes.

FINANCIAL OVERVIEW
I am pleased to report that our current year results improved from the prior year, even as the operating environment has continued to be challenging. · Increased Sales and Net Income. Our sales in fiscal year 2008 rose approximately 1.6%, to $2.0 billion, and at the same time our net income also turned positive, increasing to $16.9 million, or $0.19 per share, as compared to a loss a year ago. A better operating cost structure and reduced SG&A, lower interest expense, increased interest income, and lower taxes, all helped to cushion a lower gross margin. Gross margin was negatively impacted by an additional $37.5 million bad debt provision associated with the farmer accounts caused by the lower quality of the 2006 crop and smaller 2007 crop in Brazil, the reduced size of the 2007 Malawi burley crop, and the strength of local currencies against the U.S. dollar. · Strengthening Financial Position. As planned, we continued to repay long-term debt during the year with cash flows from operations and non-core asset sale proceeds, reducing higher cost capital prudently, while maintaining adequate credit and

OPERATIONAL OVERVIEW
Operationally, we have continued to implement decisions which we believe will positively impact our performance over time, by either reducing our exposure to or making our exit from certain historically unprofitable crops or business relationships that were driven more by price and volume than by Total Product Integrity, the cornerstone of our vision to become a true strategic partner and supplier. We believe this to be a key competitive differentiator that will help set Alliance One apart in the industry.

To that end, we have continued to advance our global social responsibility programs, good agricultural practices, agricultural residue testing and farmer traceability programs. In conjunction with our seed development science and modern processing standards, we believe these practices will allow product improvements which will create a strong sustainability platform for our customers in an increasingly regulated environment for tobacco products. In addition to the positive improvement in the yearto-year results, Alliance One achieved or built upon a number of other important capabilities that will help drive our progress. Some examples include: Malawi, where we successfully completed our renovation, expansion and move into a single processing facility to achieve further efficiencies; India, where we are busy building a new Oriental processing facility which will improve quality further and help AOI expand India Oriental production; and our announcement this year that we applied for patents on four new Burley seed varieties.

Turning the profitability corner was a key milestone, given the wide ranging challenges we've faced since the merger. Now our task is to build upon this base and begin to deliver superior results to our shareholders. Laying a proper foundation to achieve this was critical.
needed today by our core customer base, while product traceability, seed technology innovation, rigorous product testing programs, global ISO certified processing facilities, and global social responsibility programs, will become even more critical to our success in the future. Turning the profitability corner was a key milestone, given the wide ranging challenges we've faced since the merger. Now our task is to build upon this base and begin to deliver superior results to our shareholders. Laying a proper foundation to achieve this was critical. That said, all we have accomplished to date has been built through the hard work and dedication of our colleagues around the globe and I want to thank all Alliance One employees for their unswerving commitment to our Company and its strategy; our customers for their business partnership; and you, our shareholders, for "sticking" with us. As a result, I firmly believe we are well positioned for the future. Sincerely,

LOOKING AHEAD
The market issues that I addressed in last year's letter continue to hold true in our industry today. Looking ahead, we still see the potential for further customer consolidation, uncertain weather patterns affecting crop sizes and quality, and foreign exchange impact on U.S. dollar based pricing. While these variables offer challenges, we will control our destiny most effectively by maintaining our tight focus on our customers, and executing our strategy. This means continued attention and resources dedicated to those origins that are growing in market importance, delivering outstanding customer service, exercising expense discipline, and looking for additional cost reduction opportunities. Equally important, our Total Product Integrity mindset, coupled with stringent quality standards and agricultural practices, will produce the types of tobacco products

R. E. Harrison President & CEO

Global Reports LLC

