Fellow Investor:
iscal year 2015 resulted in improved profitability despite challenging trading conditions. Volume and sales for the year were impacted by global oversupply and the deconsolidation of a Brazilian subsidiary following completion of a joint venture in March 2014. Although total sales and other operating revenues decreased 12.3% to $2,065.9 million due to these impacts, as a result of our various initiatives gross profit increased 6.3% to $255.1 million and gross profit as a percentage of sales also improved to 12.3% this year from 10.2% last year. The positive trend carried through to adjusted EBITDA that also increased 9.8% to $173.2 million and further resulted in net leverage decreasing again this year to 5.36x from 5.60x the prior year. Consistent with our goal of reducing long-term debt, we purchased and canceled $15.0 million of our 9.875% Senior Secured Second Lien Notes during the year, leaving $720.0 million of face value outstanding at yearend. Additionally, our liquidity position at fiscal year-end remained strong and in line with our internal expectations at $813.2 million, comprised of $143.8 million of cash and $669.4 million of available credit. Going forward we plan to continue reducing long-term debt by utilizing surplus cash. To better position our Company, in March 2015, we initiated the first phase of a global restructuring and efficiency improvement program to deliver $30.0-$35.0 million of anticipated recurring savings, with 75%-80% of targeted actions to be enacted by the end of September 2015. In addition to reducing our cost structure, we plan to further optimize our global footprint by rationalizing certain markets that are neither meeting internal performance expectations nor part of our customers' future planning. Global oversupply now appears to be moving back toward equilibrium with reduced crop sizes planted and market pricing to suppliers that reflects the oversupply imbalance. Although the market has already begun to tighten in certain origins, it will likely take another crop cycle to achieve equilibrium or potentially undersupply in certain qualities. We have started to buy the next crop and the strong U.S. dollar is having a positive impact on our costs, although there will be some associated pressure on sales and operating revenues. After including these factors, our internal forecast anticipates improved sales and adjusted EBITDA for next fiscal year compared to fiscal 2015. Consistent with trends over the last several years, we expect increased sales and profit levels in the second half of the year compared to

F

the first six months. Following four years of significant investment in our global operations, we are targeting approximately $20.0 million of capital expenditures in fiscal year 2016 primarily for maintenance purposes; although where appropriate returns exist additional customer-driven investment may occur. Some manufacturers' partial vertical integration initiatives are beginning to reverse, as the efficiency benefits and costs savings of further leveraging compliant leaf merchants' capabilities are presenting opportunities for growth. As part of these opportunities we are expanding our profitable value-added services to build on new customer requirements to further reduce their costs, while increasing reliance on our capabilities. In addition, as we strengthen our operations, improve our global footprint and advance up the supply chain, we are continuing to monitor our customers' requirements to meet their evolving sourcing parameters and platform simplification strategies. We will continue to focus on enhancing good agricultural practices around the world, and further improving sustainability programs essential to our Company and customers. As part of these efforts, our global operations are working to minimize environmental impacts and help growers improve their efficiency and profitability. Advancing good agricultural practices and sustainability initiatives are at the core of everything we do, and are key components of our plan to cost effectively secure future leaf supply and further align business objectives with our customers' priorities. Growth opportunities exist, and we are actively taking steps to strengthen our position as a preferred supplier to the world's manufacturers of quality tobacco products. It is essential to emphasize that our employees' dedication, professionalism and perseverance through the global oversupply situation and restructuring initiative have further positioned Alliance One for success. Our worldwide team is committed to enhancing shareholder value, through plan execution that addresses dynamic industry challenges and our customers' evolving requirements.

Mark W. Kehaya Chairman of the Board of Directors

Pieter Sikkel President and Chief Executive Officer

