
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:

 
Fiscal year 2006 was a challenging year for our company and, indeed, the entire industry in which we operate. While our financial results reflect this, looking beyond simply the numbers, we also see 2006 as a year of continued positive tran­sition for Alliance One International, Inc.
We closely maintained our focus on the "nuts and bolts" of our business, aggressively moving to deliver greater
long-term shareholder value by aligning our operations across the world  with the substantial and, at times, disruptive, changes taking place throughout the global leaf tobacco processing industry.
We also continued to focus closely on executing on the integration of our merger. This transaction, which combined DIMON Incorporated and Standard Com­mercial Corporation to create Alliance One International, was completed during the first quarter of fiscal 2006.

MERGER INTEGRATION

The strategy behind our merger is simple, and has not changed: We are seeking to create the profile of a strate­gic leaf supply partner with the footprint and scale necessary to drive efficiency, sustainability and long-term shareholder
 
value in what remains an intensely com­petitive global industry.
We recognize that this will not be an immediate or easy process, as we continue to transition the combined operations of both predecessor compa­nies to create a truly unified and inte­grated Alliance One. At the heart of our detailed integration process -which, as discussed last year, involved the use of an independent consultant working in tandem with regional and functional inte­gration design teams staffed by employ­ees from both predecessor organizations
- is an unswerving focus on our core business, combined with the systematic exiting of marginal and/ or unprofitable origins or businesses.
The execution of our integration process became effective immediately upon clos­ ing and the pace of integration and almost seamless transition to Alliance One is a testimony to the hard work, dedication, professionalism and patience of our employees worldwide as well as to the efforts of the hundreds of employees directly involved in the project and the Integration Management Team.
In the short term, there is a cost in con­nection with our merger integration.
 









 
One time cash costs to complete the integra­tion are still estimated at approximately $55 million to $57 million.
Results for the fiscal year were negatively impacted by charges relating to goodwill impairment, restructuring and asset impair­ment, debt retirement expense associated with the merger, increased losses from discon­tinued operations and lower results from continuing operations. These included non-cash charges of $338.5 million in restructuring
and impairment charges related to goodwill impairment, the merger and our investment in Zimbabwe.
Restructuring and Asset Impairment Charges totaled $85.4 million for the fiscal year. The non-cash component of this was $63.2 million and results from the adjustment of assets to fair market value as required under accounting standard SFAS 144. Most of this related to the write down of our investments in Zimbabwe as a consequence of our decision to deconsolidate our subsidiaries in that country and account for them as cost method investments. This action was taken due to the continuing decline of the
Zimbabwean economy and foreign exchange controls and other governmental restrictions there. Business operations in Zimbabwe are not affected by this change in financial reporting or by the non-cash charge and we intend to continue our operations there.
Goodwill Impairment Charges totaled $256.9
million for the fiscal year. As you will have
 
seen from our press release of June 14, 2006, we delayed reporting our financial results to enable us to complete testing goodwill for impairment for each of our five recently intro­ duced operating segments. Under accounting standard SFAS 142, we test the implied fair value of goodwill by comparing it to the carry­ ing value of the net assets (excluding goodwill) of each operating segment to the total fair value of that segment. The completion of this work resulted in a non-cash goodwill impair­ment charge in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2006.
The income statement also reflects the debt retirement expense of $66.5 million incurred in the first quarter in connection with the refinancing necessary to close the merger.
The non-cash component of this was $18.4 million and results from the expense recogni­tion of debt issuance costs associated with refinanced debt instruments.
That being said, we also would emphasize that merger integration cost synergies remain in line with our previously stated strategic plan.
We realized over $50 million in annual cost savings
in fiscal 2006, and anticipate this increasing to
$115 million in annual cost savings in fiscal 2007.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

As a result of the merger, comparison of results between years is not practical, and current year results contain significant merger-related charges, including restructur­ing, asset impairment and goodwill write offs,
 


 

with the majority of these write offs non-cash in nature.
Under these circumstances, in this first year of our merger, we believe the impacts to our results of operations are seen most clearly in our gross profit performance.
Gross profit as a percentage of sales decreased from 15.0% in 2005 to 10.6% in 2006. The year on year increase in gross profit was $30.1 million, with two primary factors driving this metric: First, the inclusion of Standard Commercial's sales contributed significantly to operat­ing results; however, gross profit on these sales was reduced by $18.0 million as a result of purchase account­ ing inventory adjustments. Absent this adjustment, the decline in  gross profit as a percentage of sales was 3.5% or approximately $70.0 million,  reflective of the challenging operating environ­ment and pressure on sales margins primarily in Brazil.
This brings us to the second factor driv­ing our gross profit performance for the year: The Brazilian crop marketed during fiscal 2006 was of poor quality due to adverse weather related growing conditions, a situation that was further exacerbated by a significant escalation in crop costs in Brazil due to a combination of the effect of the relative strength of the local currency against the U.S. dollar, coupled with the absorption
of local intrastate trade taxes resulting from a change in local laws. Sales price increases were insufficient to cover these significant cost escalations.
Cash flow from operations was $92.4 million in 2006, a major improvement over 2005, primarily due to a lower investment in working capital. A signifi­cant component of this was the increased support from customers in the form of advances which increased by $149.2 million at March 31, 2006.

THE YEAR IN PERSPECTIVE

All in all, while Alliance One remains a work in progress in many respects, we believe that we are continuing to make important strides in meeting the near­ term challenges that face our entire industry, and positioning our company for greater strength over the long term. In particular, we would encourage our shareholders to consider the following:
-- To a significant extent, we are confi­dent that our merger positions us to best address the issues, and the sup­ port we are getting from our customers is further validation of the strategic rationale for the merger.
 

 
-- Additionally, our merger integration is on track, both in terms of cost synergies as well as operational alignments. Most of our initiatives and actions were begun in fiscal 2006, and we are proceeding on plan to complete the integration process, refine our footprint, and further improve the company’s performance in fiscal 2007.

LOOKING FORWARD
As we move forward, in the near term our focus will be on profit improvement and debt reduction. The former will come from a combination of cost reductions, efficiency improvements and improved pricing, while the latter will be achieved through aggressive working capital management to reduce the operating cycle, including reduced leaf production in certain key origins to minimize inventory
and investments.
To be clear, we expect fiscal 2007 to be another challenging year as we seek increased prices against a backdrop of increasing costs,
 
rising interest rates and a weak U.S. dollar. Nevertheless, we believe that the worst of the macroeconomic and industry-wide challenges are now behind us.
Most importantly, while each year will bring its share of challenges as well as opportunities, we remain totally committed to our customer-focused strategy, and we are confident that this strategy, with our merger as its cornerstone, will position us to enhance our already strong customer relationships and allow us to grow with our customers. As such, we will continue to focus our attention and resources on those origins that are growing in market importance, on delivering outstanding customer service, exercising expense discipline, and above all, delivering the full benefits of the merger for our shareholders.
We want to once again thank all our employees worldwide for their outstanding efforts. We also thank our customers for their support of Alliance One and the merger and all our other stakeholders for their continued support.
 


 	 
Brian J. Harker	Robert E. Harrison
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer	President and Chief Operating Officer
