 Brought to you by Global Reports
 TO MY FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS
{progress}
  Challenges of a Different Magnitude, Continuing Progress
DIMON is accustomed to effectively managing a host of ongoing challenges that are inherent to our industry. In fiscal year 2002, however, the challenges we faced were of a fundamentally different magnitude – they were the chal- lenges that all of humanity struggled with in the aftermath of September 11. In the days and weeks following the horrific events of that day, I witnessed countless gestures of kindness and mutual support from the people in our operations around the world that served to remind me why I am proud to call the people of DIMON my friends and colleagues.
The recession in the U.S. was prolonged by the tragedy and compounded by a crisis of confidence follow- ing repeated disclosures of corporate frauds, leading to the demise of a major accounting firm and the bankruptcies
of Enron and Worldcom. That crisis of confidence has manifested itself through the massive selling in U.S. equities markets in combination with the continuing overall slug- gishness of the global economy.
Lawmakers,The NewYork Stock Exchange and the Securities and Exchange Commission issued proposals that have the potential to change the face of American business. On July 30, 2002, in the midst of our fiscal year- end consolidation process, President Bush signed into law the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
Jim Cooley, DIMON’s Chief Financial Officer, and I have already provided our unqualified certifications of the company’s financial statements. I am confident in the integrity of our processes and our financial statements and you can be as well.
I am equally confident that DIMON employees are proving themselves to be up to the task of ensuring that all
1
  in thousands, except per share amounts
YEARS ENDED JUNE 30
Sales and other operating revenues. . . . . . . . . . Netincome.............................
Earnings per share:
Basic – net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Diluted – net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
AT YEAR-END Workingcapital.......................... Workingcapitalratio ..................... Marketpricepershare....................
2002
$1,259,720 27,476
.62 .61
$ 429,059 2.2 to 1 6.92
2001
$ 1,400,955 24,894
.56 .56
$ 172,863 1.3 to 1 10.00
2000
$ 1,473,630 17,988
.40 .40
$ 433,735 2.4 to 1 2.19
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
    DIMON Incorporated and Subsidiaries

 Brought to you by Global Reports
  {results}
   2
of our worldwide practices adhere to standard “best practices.” Further bolstering my confi- dence is the fact that, in many instances, DIMON had been performing to these higher standards long before the law or government regulation said it must be so.
From Argentina to Zimbabwe, I commend our employees around the world for all of the diligence, energy and resourcefulness they bring to their jobs every day. And I thank them, too, for their good efforts are borne out in our strong financial position and performance. Following are just a few of the company’s noteworthy accomplish- ments in fiscal year 2002:
u Continuedourtrendofimprovedearningsperformance, boosting total gross profit by 7.6% in comparison to the prior year, and raising net income 43% to $34.9 million.
u Successfully completed a comprehensive capital re- financing program and further strengthened our financial position as evidenced by a $35.6 million reduction in debt, net of cash, in comparison to the prior year.
u Progressed our quality management initiatives, receiving certification to the ISO 9002 standards at our facilities in Germany, Malawi and Thailand, and surpassing one million man-hours of operation without a lost time accident at both of our North American processing facilities – a first in the company’s history.
u Transitioned efficiently to a radically changed direct contract buying market for leaf tobacco in the U.S.
Indeed, in addition to our dedicated employees, credit for these accomplishments goes to all of DIMON’s stakeholders – our loyal customers, our quality suppliers, and those of you who invest in our equity shares and public debt.
Our company is in an excellent position to generate further growth in 2003, driven by both a favorable operating environment and the benefits of our ongoing strategies.
Measuring our Progress
Our strategic focus in fiscal year 2002 remained substantially unchanged from the three central objectives we set for ourselves in 1999:
u adjustingourglobalproductioncapacitytocurrentdemand, u strengtheningourbalancesheet,
u reducingouroperatingcosts.
Our success in these three areas first materialized with our return to profitability in 2000. In the two years hence, we have built on that progress in a sustainable fashion.
Our net income has grown steadily, recovering from the $19.8 million loss of 1999 to the $34.9 million profit of the current year. DIMON’s current year cash flow, defined as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amorti- zation (EBITDA), grew to $138 million, an increase of $6.2 million over 2001. We continued to focus our free cash flow on strengthening our balance sheet, where total debt net of cash amounted to $479.6 million at June 30, 2002, a reduction of $35.6 million or 6.9% over the prior year. Lower average borrowings, combined with lower average interest rates, allowed us to reduce interest expense by $5.7 million, or 10.6%, during the year.
In the fall of 2001, DIMON successfully completed a strategic refinancing program that included the issuance of $200 million of 9 5/8% Senior Notes due 2011, and the negotiation of a new three-year $165 million syndicated bank credit facility. These measures doubled the average
  2002 Annual Report

 Earnings Per Share From Continuing Operations
(in dollars)
   maturity of our combined debt portfolio from 3.2 to 6.4 years and significantly reduced our depend- ence on unpredictable, short-term lines of credit. We expect the refinancing to provide tangible ben- efits in terms of our capital structure flexibility and our ability to respond to growth opportunities.
’99 ’00 ’01 ’02
We continue to closely monitor the operat- ing environments in Argentina and Zimbabwe, which are in flux due to continuing political and economic uncertainty. In Argentina, where we purchase tobacco for export but do not own any processing assets, the devaluation of the Argentine peso caused us to recognize nearly $3 million in charges in fiscal year 2002. We are optimistic,
    Changes in our Operating
Environment
While we have worked with intensity and focus to arrive at this operating performance and strengthened financial position, some improvements in our operating environ- ment have unquestionably enhanced our progress. DIMON has benefited from more favorable worldwide trading conditions for leaf tobacco, as well as the resump- tion of more normalized purchasing patterns by our customers.The size of crops in certain major origin countries such as the United States have stabilized, while diminished crops in Zimbabwe have been offset by increases in Brazil.
however, that any additional effects of the instability in Argentina will not be material.
In Zimbabwe, civil unrest and a deteriorating econ- omy continue to prevail.Thus far, we have been fortunate in that our Zimbabwean operations have not suffered any material disruptions.The current crop for fiscal year 2003 is projected to be down approximately 19% from the crop of 203 million kilograms produced last year. However, larger crops in both Argentina and Brazil will help offset the impact of the diminished quantities com- ing out of Zimbabwe.
3
 The shift in the U.S.
from an auction system
to a direct contract buy-
ing system, which began
in the prior fiscal year, was
substantially completed
during 2002 with DIMON
purchasing the majority of its U.S. leaf requirements through direct contracts with individual growers. Our employees have done a tremendous job in making this transition an effi- cient one. Nevertheless, the fact that we must maintain a presence in the remaining auction markets somewhat impedes our ability to limit operating costs in the U.S market.
Though we do not anticipate significant delays in shipping the Zimbabwe crop we are currently buying and processing, the situation gives cause for serious concern.The seizure of commercial farms for resettlement has escalated recently, which could have a further significant impact on the size of the fiscal year 2004 crop and, ultimately, the future of this origin. I can assure you that management is staying apprised of developments in Zimbabwe and formu-
lating appropriate risk management strategies.
 Our company is in an excellent position to generate further growth in 2003, driven by both a favorable operating environment and the benefits of our ongoing strategies.
    Brought to you by Global Reports
 (0.44)
0.40
0.55
0.78
DIMON Incorporated and Subsidiaries

 Brought to you by Global Reports
 Total Debt Net of Cash at June 30
(in millions)
{strength}
    Investing in the Future
operations will also be a key advantage in our future success. We will continue to leverage our technology infrastructure in creative ways that offer tangible benefits to the Company and to our customers. For our customers, for instance,
We remain firmly committed to our stated mission
to be the preferred global supplier of leaf tobacco.
The continuous improvements in the quality of our
service and processes, and our substantial invest-
ments in technology and training serve as evidence of this commitment and, in turn, the actions we are taking to build the value of DIMON.
 ’99 ’00 ’01 ’02
  4
profitably reinvesting in our business, to sound policies and practices for both capitalizing on global oppor tunities while effectively manag-
ing risk, DIMON is well positioned to continue to build shareholder value.
My thanks to all of DIMON’s stakeholders for your ongoing support. Going forward, our strategies are sound, our financial position is strong, and our people are the best in the business.We proceed forward with great confidence in our future.
BRIAN J. HARKER
President and Chief Executive Officer
All figures included in this letter and the related graphs represent results from continuing operations before market valuation adjustments for derivative financial instruments and non-recurring items.
When we first began working towards ISO 9002 cer tification, we made it our goal to achieve cer tification in all DIMON owned and operated processing facilities.Today, I am proud to report that with our operations in Germany, Malawi and Thailand achieving cer tification in 2002, we are only one facility away
from reaching our goal.
When our operations in
Tanzania receive cer tifica-
tion, which we anticipate
in 2003, DIMON will
have facilities in eleven
different countries that are operating to the highest stan- dards of ISO 9002.This is an outstanding accomplishment, one that is indicative of our expertise and our dedication to quality.
At DIMON, we believe we have the very best people in the industry.They generate the ideas and solutions that differentiate our services and processes from those of our competitors.We will continue to invest heavily in resources and training for our employees in order to enhance their professional growth and empower them in continuing to move the Company forward.
In combination with the intellectual capital of our employees, how we incorporate and use technology in our
we have developed a system that enables our customer service personnel to track the real time status of every order around the globe, while the convergence of our investments in employees and technology are seen in our development of Internet-based training resources.
Concluding Remarks
From continuing progress in our operating and financial performance, to
  At DIMON, we believe we have the very best people in the industry.They generate the ideas and solutions that differentiate our services and processes from those of our competitors.
    2002 Annual Report
$ 515.2 $ 479.6
$ 814.5 $ 650.4
