 2014 Annual Shareholder Letter To Our Shareholders:
2APR200413262383
I am pleased to report that our firm finished 2013 with another year of solid performance, reflecting continued progress in our Risk Solutions and HR Solutions businesses as we deliver value to clients around two of the most important issues facing the global economy today: risk and people.
In 2013, we delivered positive performance across all four key metrics we communicate to shareholders: organic revenue growth, operating margin, earnings per share (EPS), and free cash flow.
To deliver results for clients, we continued to make strategic investments in data and analytics across a range of areas including investment consulting, the Aon Global Risk Insight Platform (GRIP), and in health care exchanges. We produced record cash flow from operations of $1.6 billion, and free cash flow increased 22 percent to $1.4 billion. We also returned more than $1.3 billion to shareholders through the repurchase of $1.1 billion of ordinary shares and the payment of dividends.
The success we achieved as a firm is a direct result of the commitment and dedication of our 66,000 colleagues around the world. Their tireless efforts and their commitment to ‘‘help a client or help a colleague help a client’’ make it possible for Aon to empower economic and human possibility in every corner of the globe.
Overall, we continued to achieve substantial progress against our three strategic objectives: provide distinctive value to our clients, attract and retain unmatched talent, and deliver operational excellence.
Our most significant accomplishments for 2013 include the following:
• We strengthened our industry-leading positions providing primary risk insurance, reinsurance, and human resource consulting and outsourcing with unmatched talent and capabilities. Our performance reflects solid organic growth across our Risk Solutions and HR Solutions businesses despite a year of continued macroeconomic pressures in many markets around the globe.
• We increased our operating margin by 40 basis points, primarily reflecting strong margin improvement in Risk Solutions.
• We delivered 16 percent growth in net income per share attributable to Aon shareholders.
• We increased free cash flow by 22 percent to $1.4 billion driven by record cash flow from operations of $1.6 billion , enabling the return of $1.3 billion of excess capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program and payment of dividends on our ordinary shares. As the chart highlights, we have consistently delivered strong free cash flow generation resulting in a
31 percent compound annual growth rate over the last five years.

    360
603
Free Cash Flow ($ mil)
1,404
 777
1,150
        60% 50% 40% 30% 20% 10%
0%
Peers
34%
24% 15%
2-years
S&P Index
AON
11%
7% 7%
2009 2010
2011 2012 2013
• As noted in the chart below, we have consistently outperformed the S&P Index and our primary peer set, delivering double-digit annualized total returns over the last decade.
Annualized Total Returns (CAGR %)
52%
36%35%
1-year
• Overall, the firm is well positioned for improved performance in 2014 and beyond as we scale the investments we made throughout 2013, continue to drive increased cash flow, and have significant leverage to an improving global economy.
In Risk Solutions:
• We continue to invest in innovative technology such as Aon GRIP, the world’s leading global database of risk and insurance placement information. GRIP provides fact-based insight into over $100 billion of global premium flow, and makes the practical use of unique data an important part of the answer to client demand for innovative solutions. We now have over 1.9 million trades and a growing client list of insurance carriers utilizing the platform for its industry-leading analytics and services capabilities.
• We continue to make an unmatched level of investments in Aon Benfield’s data and analytics capabilities to strengthen the level of powerful insight and long-term value proposition that we can provide to clients.
• Our ongoing emphasis on innovation through our sidecar with Berkshire Hathaway delivered strong results for clients, the London market, and Lloyd’s of London. By the end of 2013, clients had invoked sidecar capacity on almost 2,500 individual policies, representing over $1 billion of
24APR201400085304
        18% 12%
13%
13%
       4%
8-years 10-years
2%
  5-years
24APR201400085433
+31% CAGR

premium, representing 70 percent of the eligible premium. We will continue to drive innovation that benefits clients and the overall long-term growth of our industry.
• We continue to invest in growing Aon’s global footprint through targeted acquisitions that either increase scale in emerging markets or expand capability to better serve clients, such as Stratford 360 in our health and benefits business.
In HR Solutions:
• We further increased our footprint in the private health exchange market by quintupling our client count and tripling the number of employees enrolled in the Aon Active Health Exchange.
• We expanded in high-growth areas for both current clients and new markets; including innovative solutions in investment consulting, pension de-risking and financial advisory services, as well as through a broader set of advisory and advocacy solutions to enable our clients’ employees with greater choice and improved decision-making on their retirement and health care options.
• We further developed our industry-leading benefits administration solutions and technology platforms, including extensive mobile solutions, and strengthened our capabilities in cloud-based Outsourcing solutions.
• We continued to offer a full spectrum of SaaS Business Process Outsourcing capabilities, including up-front HR effectiveness consulting, implementation, and ongoing administration services.
• We continued to expand our international footprint to support a global workforce, with investments in key talent and capabilities across emerging markets.
Looking Ahead:
As we move through 2014, we are on course to drive greater scale and increased operating leverage on these significant investments.
As the world continues to evolve, so does risk. Risk has always been a fact of business life, but today, it is clear that the magnitude, complexity and speed have increased exponentially. Today the interconnectedness of economies and people has enabled industries to become more efficient at manufacturing and distributing products. This interconnectivity has significantly increased our susceptibility to risk, and it is with this in mind that we have ramped up our focus on providing our clients with unparalleled insights and innovative solutions like GRIP and our sidecar with Berkshire Hathaway.
Similar to 2012, 2013 was another critical year in health care given the focus on health care reform, continued cost pressure, and population health concerns throughout the United States. We capitalized on this opportunity by further expanding our industry-leading position in health care exchanges for actives and retirees as part of our comprehensive portfolio of health solutions. In the Aon Active Health Exchange, employer participation was six times higher and employee covered lives tripled for the 2013 enrollment period. We are focused on further expanding our presence in the private exchange market as more and more employers look for new ways to address their rising healthcare costs.
Our industry-leading portfolio of Risk Solutions and HR Solutions gives us the financial capacity to invest in our businesses, and equally important, in our clients and colleagues, specifically in critical areas including innovation, training, and technology. From creating modern and innovative solutions that address today’s most pressing issues like health care exchanges to strengthening the way the insurance industry does business through Aon’s Sidecar with Berkshire Hathaway, we are firmly committed to making strategic investments to better empower results for clients and increase value for shareholders.

Our partnership with Manchester United enabled us to exceed the goals we set forth of increased brand recognition, employee engagement, and new business opportunities. We have shifted our focus to creating greater understanding of the value we bring to clients, highlighted by our role as the
presenting partner of the club’s pre-season tours and the launch of their state-of-the-art training facility, the Aon Training Complex.
Aon is in a unique position. We have the opportunity to double free cash flow from 2012 to more than $2.3 billion over the next three to five years driven by continued operational improvement, declining required uses of cash for pension and restructuring, and a lower effective tax rate over time. With a record $1.6 billion cash flow from operations in 2013, we are well on track to achieve this impressive feat.
Solid long-term operating performance, combined with expense discipline and strong cash flow, continues to enable substantial investment in colleagues and capabilities to better serve clients. We are uniquely situated for increased long-term growth with significant leverage to an improving global economy and insurance pricing.
This is a great time to be a part of Aon. As we look ahead, we have positioned our industry- leading global platform for continued long-term value creation. We have before us the opportunity for long-term operating margin improvement, supported by a strong balance sheet and free cash flow generation with declining uses of required cash outlays. We believe our increased financial flexibility and effective capital allocation will drive increased shareholder value in 2014.
Thank you for the continued faith and trust you have placed in our Board of Directors and management team. Your support is crucial to our efforts, and we will continue to work hard to not just meet but exceed your expectations. I hope you share my confidence in the view that continued success lies ahead for Aon in 2014 and beyond.
7APR200514080151
Gregory C. Case
President and Chief Executive Officer
 