 To Our Stockholders:
Aon’s market position and business results are proof that our value-added products and services, innovative thinking and commitment to teamwork are increasingly being recognized by clients worldwide. Looking back at 2007, we accomplished a number of strategic goals that will help us continue to deliver distinctive value to our clients, attract and retain unmatched talent, and achieve operational excellence.
Our most significant accomplishments included the following:
• We solidified our position as the #1 intermediary of primary risk insurance and maintained our position as the #1 intermediary of reinsurance
• We increased our rate of organic revenue growth in both our core Risk and Insurance Brokerage Services and Consulting Services businesses, while significantly expanding margins
• We realized $225 million of cumulative savings from our 2005 restructuring program and are on track to achieve approximately $270 million of cumulative savings in 2008, while implementing our 2007 restructuring program that is expected to achieve an additional $240 million of cumulative savings in 2010
• We further simplified our organization with the announced sale of our lower margin, more capital intensive Combined Insurance Companies of America (CICA) and Sterling Life Insurance (Sterling) underwriting businesses, which will generate $2.6 billion of after-tax proceeds
• We strengthened relationships with clients and invested heavily in our future through selective additions of key talent and more than $250 million of acquisitions
• Lastly, we returned more than $900 million of excess capital to stockholders through our share repurchase program and dividends
The results of 2007 are on track with where we planned to be in the second year of our three-year improvement plan, which is reflected in the significant progress we have made in each of our three key financial metrics: organic revenue growth of 2%; adjusted pretax margin improvement of 260 basis points; and a 43% increase in adjusted net income per share from continuing operations.
Our aspiration is for Aon to be universally recognized as the global authority on helping our clients with their toughest problems and biggest opportunities. The potential impact we can have on the global economy through our leadership in risk advice and human capital solutions is both tremendous and exciting. We feel good about where we are today and the progress we have made; however, there is still a great opportunity for our clients and colleagues. To fully capture this opportunity Aon must achieve a balance between being a truly global organization, and enabling the industry’s strongest local teams who serve clients on a personal level.
i
Aon Corporation
President and Chief Executive Officer
2APR200413262383
  
Aligning Our Global Business
Aon is the product of more than 420 acquisitions over the past 20 years. The growth-through- acquisition strategy was instrumental in building Aon’s unparalleled network of globally owned resources in more than 120 countries. However, over the past two years we have focused our efforts toward aligning our regional resources and capabilities into a single unified global business, so we can deliver the industry’s best global capabilities to clients locally.
After two years of laying the groundwork for a fully coordinated global approach within our Consulting business, further steps were necessary to fully integrate globally within our Risk and Insurance Brokerage Services business. In early 2008, a year ahead of schedule, we combined our local, regional and national risk advice and retail insurance brokerage operations of approximately 26,000 colleagues and more than $5 billion in revenue into a globally coordinated business called Aon Risk Services. While in my view we are the best at delivering distinctive client value to global, middle-market and affinity clients around the globe, we have the opportunity to serve them even better through much closer alignment, greater clarity and removal of any ‘‘frictional cost’’ and impediments—real or perceived—in our structure that could distract us from focusing on our clients. Aon Risk Services will make it easier for our colleagues around the world to combine the best global risk products and services with their deep knowledge of local needs, to deliver the world’s best expert risk advice.
Creating a truly global organization will further enable us to bring capabilities to clients locally in a thoughtful, effective manner. While we continue to make investments in all of our geographies, we are paying special attention to growing our resources in emerging markets such as Latin America, Asia, Middle East, Eastern Europe and Africa, many of which experienced double-digit revenue growth in 2007.
Investing Significantly In Our Future
Talent is the most important form of capital a professional services organization can possess. Unmatched talent leads to satisfied clients, thoughtful operational management and a positive, collaborative environment. We understand the value talent adds to our organization, which is why attracting and retaining top talent is one of Aon’s three strategic imperatives. In an industry where competition for talent is intense, we must ensure that Aon continues to be the destination of choice for the industry’s best and brightest professionals.
We continue to invest to ensure that our people, our capabilities, and our technology remain industry-leading. This past year we made significant strides to imbed the Aon Leadership Model within every aspect of our organization. The Aon Leadership Model, based on the five key behaviors essential for all high-performing colleagues—client value, teamwork, innovation, business results and living our values—provides a systematic approach to talent development, performance evaluation, succession planning, recruitment and training. A global organization needs a global workforce, and steps like these ensure that the great talent we have can develop, grow and contribute to everything we are trying to accomplish.
In 2007, we welcomed significant numbers of new colleagues to Aon and completed more than $250 million of acquisitions. In our Risk and Insurance Brokerage Services business, we added talent and leadership across our global system, while building additional capabilities in areas such as aviation, construction, life sciences, marine, treaty reinsurance, facultative reinsurance and capital markets solutions. Furthermore, in Consulting, we invested in our health and benefits and pension consulting businesses, while adding key leadership across our global practices.
In addition to the industry’s most client-centric service and most talented teams, we realize clients come to Aon for the industry’s most creative, most effective, and most sought-after new products and
ii
Aon Corporation
  
services. We have been driving innovation for many years; however, in 2007 we formalized our approach to creating new products and services through the establishment of an innovation fund. This fund, operating like an internal venture capital portfolio, is used to continuously support innovative ideas such as Aon Advantage and Aon Rapid Response. We received more than 1,000 new ideas in 2007, and anticipate this trend to continue in 2008.
Delivering Operational Excellence
Our efforts to pursue operational excellence are closely linked with driving value for our clients. It is not about arbitrary or unfocused cost-cutting. It is about increasing efficiency and generating greater productivity. We are simplifying our organization and investing more in client-facing activities, while creating a consistent level of expense discipline in every part of the firm.
In 2007, we took steps to further simplify and align our global organization and made significant investments in talent, capabilities and innovation. While maintaining our commitment to investing for the long-term success of our company, we generated solid results with improving organic growth, expanding margins, and delivering higher levels of profitability. Our balance sheet is strong; we returned more than $900 million to stockholders through share repurchases and dividends and we increased our existing authorized share repurchase program by $2.6 billion, highlighting our commitment to maximizing total return and efficiently using our stockholders’ capital.
***** *
I continue to have daily contact with Aon clients and colleagues from around the globe and what I continue to take away is that there is an increasing level of excitement within our Firm. Through greater coordination and communication, we are increasingly delivering on what we have all known Aon is capable of, and that is gratifying to all of us. It is my pleasure to be a part of this great and extraordinary team. We still have much to do, but I am optimistic for continued success in 2008 and beyond.
***** *
Separately, in March 2008, Pat Ryan announced that he would retire in August 2008 after 41 years as Chief Executive Officer and three years as Executive Chairman of Aon. Pat is one of the great visionaries and leaders in the insurance industry. His vision of creating a truly global company in the fields of risk management and human capital consulting became a reality that serves thousands of clients around the world every day. He has been enormously helpful to me, the senior leadership team and colleagues across Aon, and we sincerely thank him for his leadership, support and guidance over the years.
 iii
Aon Corporation
Gregory C. Case
7APR200514080151
  