LETTERS TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS March 2012
We are pleased to report another record-setting year for
A. O. Smith Corporation—an outstanding accomplishment in the
face of numerous economic challenges. The U. S. economy was weak
throughout the year, characterized by new residential construction at
historically low levels for a fifth consecutive year and disturbingly high
unemployment. For the first time in recent memory, China’s growth
slowed, as the government sought to cool off the real estate market.
Volatile raw material costs proved to be a troublesome issue through
much of the year. We were able to overcome these difficult hurdles,
as we achieved a 15 percent increase in sales and substantially higher
earnings of $2.11 per diluted share from continuing operations
before one-time items. Equally as important, we maintained our
healthy balance sheet and exceeded our cost of capital for the sixth
consecutive year. With a debt to total capital ratio of approximately
30 percent and $463 million cash on our books, along with the Regal
Beloit Corporation shares we hold as part of the proceeds from the
divestiture of Electrical Products Company, we are in an excellent
position to pursue growth opportunities this year, no matter how the
economy performs.
To not only survive last year but to achieve record revenues and
earnings from continuing operations demonstrates the discipline,
resourcefulness, and dedication of our A. O. Smith team. They did an
outstanding job of managing cost throughout the organization while
never losing sight of the need to take care of our customers. Their
focus on productivity, process improvement, and reducing lead times
was critical to our success in 2011. And we know we can count on
them to come through again this year.
Our business in China once again contributed excellent sales and
profit growth in 2011. Sales of A. O. Smith branded products in that
country increased more than 29 percent to more than $370 million
with operating profit up a respectable 15 percent. A. O. Smith is now
the leading supplier of electric water heaters and gas instantaneous
water heaters in this important high-growth market. We benefit from China becoming a more urbanized nation: while construction growth
slowed modestly last year, household formation did not. Our team
also did an excellent job of supporting our important retail customers
as they expanded into the Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities. At the same time,
we grew our line of A. O. Smith specialty stores, and there now are
more than 1,000 of these outlets throughout the country selling
A. O. Smith branded water heating and/or water treatment
products. Altogether, approximately 5,400 retail outlets in China sell
A. O. Smith branded products. We expect this business to continue to
grow at two times GDP for the next several years; and this year, we
will begin construction on a new water heater plant in China to meet
the growing demand for our products.
India represented another success story in 2011, as sales more than
doubled to $18 million, and we came close to breaking even in just our
third year operating in the country. Our team has done an outstanding
job building the A. O. Smith brand with Indian consumers, and our
high-quality glass-lined products create a clear differentiation from our
competition. We continue to expand distribution throughout this large,
growing country and expect to improve on our excellent performance
this year. The Indian market is changing rapidly with the development
of new water heating designs and growing consumer interest in gas
instantaneous products. To meet the increased demand, we will begin
an expansion project on our plant in Bangalore later this year.
One of the other highlights of 2011 was the acquisition of
Lochinvar LLC, which concluded on August 26. The addition of
Lochinvar has enabled us to enter the rapidly growing residential and
commercial condensing boiler segments. We expect sales will grow
at least eight percent per year as customers seek to improve the
efficiency of their hot water delivery and hydronic heating systems.
Lochinvar is an excellent match with A. O. Smith--it is a company
committed to engineering excellence, high product quality, and
customer satisfaction. The Vallett family has instilled the team with
strong and enduring values, similar to the values that have driven A. O. Smith for nearly 138 years. The team at Lochinvar has met our
expectations every step of the way. Financially, the acquisition is
proving a good fit as well. In addition to contributing $.07 per diluted
share to earnings last year, we expect the return from the Lochinvar
investment will exceed our cost of capital in the first full year. When
we announced this deal in July, we said that Lochinvar was the
“perfect” addition to our business—we continue to feel that way
nearly eight months later. To learn more about Lochinvar and the scope
of its business, we invite you to turn to the feature story on the inside
back cover of this report.
As the company enters 2012, our focus will be on growth and
additional geographic expansion. Our geographic expansion efforts
will target high-growth emerging markets in which GDP growth
exceeds that of the United States. We believe there are a number of
inviting opportunities in which we can provide new water heating or
water treating technologies, as well as leverage our manufacturing
and distribution expertise. While these expansion efforts may
involve acquisitions or joint ventures, we do not rule out a possible
“greenfield” initiative in the right region of the world. Our successful
international expansion in India began as a greenfield operation.
As you can see from the chart on the preceding page, the outstanding
performance of A. O. Smith’s stock over the last five years stands as
one of our most noteworthy achievements. In spite of the decline of
the important new construction market segment and the overall
weakness of the North American economy, our stock’s five-year total
has out-performed the S&P Smallcap 600 and the Russell 1000 indices
by a wide margin. Shareholder returns have been one of our most
important goals, and we will remained focused on providing above
average returns to our shareholders in the future.
We are enthusiastic about the outlook for A. O. Smith Corporation and
believe the company offers a compelling value proposition to customers
and shareholders. It starts with our enviable position as a leading
water heater manufacturer in North America, China, and India. We
benefit from a stable and predictable replacement market that creates
steady demand for our residential and commercial products even in a less-than-ideal North American economy. We are well positioned in
China and India, two of the fastest-growing emerging markets; these
countries now represent roughly 20 percent of total revenues. And
finally, we continue to maintain a healthy balance sheet and strong
cash position that will enable us to pursue attractive, high-growth
acquisitions such as last year’s Lochinvar purchase. With these factors
in place, we feel extremely confident about the future of A. O. Smith.
Paul W. Jones
Ajita G. Rajendra
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
President and Chief Operating Officer