Letter to our Shareholders
A lot was thrown at the A. O. Smith team throughout 2010: the U. S. economy continued to stumble as it tried to work its way out of the recession; commodity prices, led by steel, continued their wild gyrations; and to cap it off, a 500-year flood put our largest water heater plant out of production for nearly a month. I am tremendously proud of the way our team responded to these challenges. Not only did our combined businesses achieve record net earnings ­ the fourth record-setting performance in the last five years ­ we continued to provide the type of service and satisfaction our customers have come to expect from A. O. Smith. Our balance sheet remained in excellent condition at the end of the year. Operating cash flow, although lower than our recordsetting 2009 total, was still an impressive $125 million. Debt to total capital declined for the fifth consecutive year to 23 percent at year end, giving us a great deal of flexibility as we pursue opportunities in our markets. And, finally, our return on invested capital of 10.56 percent exceeded our cost of capital for the fifth consecutive year, demonstrating the investments we are making in the business are rewarding our shareholders. Both of our operating units made impressive contributions to the company's overall financial performance. With 30 percent growth in China, sales growth in Canada, and higher commercial water heater volumes in the U. S., Water Products' earnings grew 13 percent, excluding costs related to the flood. Operating margins improved for the third consecutive year to 11.3 percent. In China, we continued to benefit from the growth of our largest retail customers as they expand into the "Tier 2" cities. Our China team also introduced a number of exciting new products in 2010 including new solar and heat pump water heaters designed for Chinese consumers. In North America, Water Products held the largest single launch of new products in its history with the addition of four high-efficiency residential water heaters. Our wholesale distribution customers as well as consumers have responded enthusiastically to these new products, and we expect continued sales growth for these products in 2011 and beyond. Our newest venture, A. O. Smith (Shanghai) Water Treatment Products Co., Ltd., experienced some growing pains in 2010 and did not meet our original sales and profit expectations. Our team in Shanghai worked through the issues, and our enthusiasm for the long-term prospects of this business remain undiminished. In November, we introduced a line of A. O. Smith branded water treatment products to our major retail customers in China, and the initial response was favorable. We will expand the distribution of these products throughout the coming year. In January, we relocated our water treatment operations to a plant in Nanjing that will allow

the business to benefit from close proximity to our China water heater leadership team and global engineering capabilities.  wo more important milestones for our Water Products business last year T were the opening of our newest water heater assembly plant in Bangalore, India, and our venture with Takagi Industrial Co., Ltd. to manufacture and market tankless water heaters in North America. Electrical Products' profits more than doubled to $74 million, a remarkable achievement given the sluggish performance of the overall economy and the continued slump in housing. Motor sales increased more than 14 percent, thanks to higher sales in each of the division's strategic business units, most notably commercial hermetic and distribution. Operating margins of 10.5 percent were the highest since 1999. The Electrical Products team has done a remarkable job of remaking the business to remain profitable even in a weak economy. We also introduced a number of new products during 2010 including new high-efficiency motors for the pump market, new replacement motors for the distribution services group, and new commercial hermetic motors in conjunction with one of our most important HVAC customers. In December, the company began a process that we expect will position us for accelerated global growth. The first step of the process was entering into a definitive agreement to sell Electrical Products Company to Regal Beloit Corporation. This was a very difficult decision considering our long history in the motor industry and was the result of a number of strategic considerations. First, the electric motor industry has been undergoing a significant transformation over the last several years due to global consolidation and the emergence of a number of international competitors. Second, the restructuring of Electrical Products has created a more profitable company with operating margins double those of three years ago. This attracted the attention of several global buyers. After careful evaluation, we determined Regal Beloit's proposal provided the best value for our shareholders, customers, and employees. We expect to close on the sale of Electrical Products the first half of this year.

Highlights of

u APRIL 9

u MAY 25

u JUNE 16

2010

A. O. Smith announces one of the largest new product launches in its history, introducing four new lines of energy efficient residential water heaters in one day. The launch includes two renewable product families: a residential heat pump offering and an integrated residential solar water heating system.

The Ashland City plant begins limited production of residential water heaters less than four weeks after a devastating flood closed the 1.5 million square foot operation. A. O. Smith did not lose a single customer despite the disruption caused by the historic flood.

The company announces a tankless water heater joint venture with Takagi Industrial Co. Ltd. A. O. Smith acquired Takagi's North American sales, marketing, and distribution operations as part of the venture.

A. O. Smith expanded its portfolio of high-efficiency water heaters in 2010 by entered into a venture with Takagi to manufacture and market tankless water heaters for North America (left). The company introduced A. O. Smith branded tankless units in the fourth quarter. Last year, the company launched a line of A. O. Smith branded water filtration products in the important China market (right). The new line helps to further expand our product offering for Chinese consumers and has met with very favorable response in the market. We plan to expand the distribution of these products throughout 2011.

This transaction puts us in an excellent position to undertake the second step of the process, which is to make A. O. Smith into a global water technology company. Today, we are the leading water heating company in North America and China. Our objective is to become the world's leading water heating company. At the same time, we aspire to be a leader in the rapidly growing water treatment industry and to enter a number of other attractive waterrelated industries. The proceeds from the sale of Electrical Products along with our strong balance sheet and the cash-generating capabilities of Water Products give us the resources necessary to embark on this exciting strategy. Our approach will be to focus on four areas of opportunity:
uExpand

operating margins; and finally, we expect these investments to be accretive to earnings in the first year. This will be a transformative process for our company. Water, particularly fresh water, is receiving a tremendous amount of attention around the world. The sources and supplies of fresh water are finite; and as the world's population grows and becomes more affluent, the need for reliable, adequate supplies of fresh water will become more and more critical. A. O. Smith has more than 70 years of water heating experience; we can apply this knowledge to water treatment as well as a range of other water related technologies. All of us are excited about the challenges and opportunities that 2011 will bring to our company, and I hope each of you shares in that excitement.

               

the geographic base of our core residential and commercial water heating and water treatment businesses. This will involve moving beyond our existing base of North America, China, India, and, to a lesser extent, Western Europe and enter into high-growth emerging and developing countries. joint ventures, or similar business relationships in lines such as boilers, heat pumps, solar, and other high-efficiency water heating products. Where possible, we will look to expand with products that better position us in emerging markets. new technologies. While our product engineers have done a remarkable job of developing new water heating and water treatment technologies, we acknowledge there are opportunities, especially in high efficiency technologies, which will complement our efforts and bring us new capabilities to meet our customers' needs. adjacencies. These are water-related products, services, and technologies that we do not currently offer. As we evaluate these opportunities, we will focus on products that are a good fit with our existing distribution system or enhance and strengthen the relationship we have with our existing customers.

uExpand and protecting our core product lines. We will pursue acquisitions,

Paul W. Jones Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

uPursue

uExplore

I would like to extend my thanks and appreciation to William F. Buehler, who has announced his plans to retire from our Board of Directors in April. Bill, who joined the A. O. Smith board in 1998, brought a wealth of knowledge and experience in the areas of finance and manufacturing to the position. He also served for many years as the chairman of the board's Personnel and Compensation Committee. Also, I would like to wish the best to Terry Murphy, our chief financial officer, who has announced his plans to retire May 1. Terry has brought a financial discipline to the company focused on cost reduction, working capital management, cash generation, and the use of return on invested capital to measure our company's performance. In fact, ROIC has exceeded the company's cost of capital in each of the five years he has been with the company. John J. Kita, our senior vice president of corporate finance and controller, will succeed Terry on May 1.

We have a number of criteria in mind as we evaluate these opportunities. Above all, our expectation is each transaction will create value for our shareholders. In each case, the return must exceed our cost of capital, either in the first or certainly by the second year. We will give additional weight to companies that offer higher growth and expand our current

u JUNE 30

u SEPTEMBER 16

u OCTOBER 14

u DECEMBER 13

A. O. Smith's newest water heater plant in Bangalore, India, celebrates its official grand opening. More than 150 dealers and customers attended the opening of the 76,000 square foot manufacturing operation which will supply glass-lined residential water heaters for India.

The employees of the Johnson City water heater plant are recognized for working 10 million hours ­ a total of 55 consecutive months ­ without a lost-time accident.

The Board of Directors approves a 3-for-2 stock split in the form of a 50 percent stock dividend payable to holders of Common Stock and Class A Common Stock shares. The split raised the total number of company shares to approximately 45.8 million.

A. O. Smith announces the sale of Electrical Products Company to Regal Beloit Corporation of Beloit, Wisconsin, for $875 million. The companies expect to close on the sale transaction in the first half of 2011.

