The A. O. Smith leadership team (from left) Michael Cole, vice president­Asia; Steve Rettler, vice president­business development; John Kita, vice president, treasurer, and controller; Chris Mapes, senior vice president and president­Electrical Products Company; Ron Massa, senior vice president; Terry Murphy, senior vice president and chief financial officer; Paul Jones, chairman and chief executive officer; Chuck Bishop, vice president­Corporate Technology; Mark Petrarca, vice president­human resources & public affairs; Ajita Rajendra, senior vice president and president­Water Products Company; Dave Romoser, vice president, general counsel, and secretary; and Randy Bednar, vice president­Information Technology.

letter to shareholders
A. O. Smith's financial performance was much improved in 2005, with substantially higher earnings and record sales of $1.69 billion. Our operating units overcame higher material and energy costs and created positive momentum that we believe will carry over into the new year. Among the highlights: J Water Systems significantly improved its performance, setting sales, operating earnings, and cash flow records; J Volume from Electrical Products' low-cost operations in China increased 35 percent as we continue to increase our ability to manufacture our complete line of electric motors in that country; J Water heater sales in China increased to $86 million, more than 45 percent higher than the prior year; J In November, we completed the acquisition of Yueyang Zhongmin Special Electrical Machinery Co., Ltd., further enhancing our ability to supply the growing market for commercial hermetic motors in China; J A. O. Smith's cash flow from operations more than doubled last year to $187 million, the result of higher earnings and a $71.4 million reduction in working capital.

Financial Summary
(dollars in millions, except share and per share amounts)

2005

2004Change

Net sales Net earnings Diluted earnings per common share Cash dividends per common share Capital expenditures Book value per common share  as of December 31 Common shares outstanding  as of December 31

$1,689.2 46.5 1.54 .64 50.6 20.15 30.4

$1,653.1 35.4 1.18 .62 48.4 19.91 29.7

+2.2% +31.4% +30.5% +3.2% +4.5% +1.2% +2.4% 1

letter to shareholders
Another accomplishment in 2005 was that each of our units made major improvements in their operating capabilities through the use of continuous improvement, lean manufacturing, Kaizan, and other initiatives. These actions will help make each of our businesses more agile and better able to respond to our customers' needs. The goals of the senior leadership team and our employees are to profitably grow our businesses, deliver improved returns to our shareholders, and continually find ways to add value to the company. Over the last 18 months, the leadership team and our Board of Directors have been taking a fresh look at the company's strategy. The result of this work is the A. O. Smith Integrated Business Model, a comprehensive guide to how we, as a company, can achieve our vision of becoming the global leader in the markets we serve. The strategy we will employ to achieve this vision is to accelerate the company's sales and profit growth. We will be diligent in seeking profitable growth from a number of sources: J Gaining share in our existing markets by designing and developing innovative new products and services and by offering our customers a compelling value proposition;

continued

J Entering new domestic markets. There are segments of the motor and water heater markets we do not serve, and we believe we have the ability to bring new products to these untapped markets; J Growing globally. We will identify and penetrate new international markets using the enormously successful experience of our China water heater business as a template; J Expanding through acquisitions and joint ventures. We will continue to seek companies that bring us new customers, allow us to enter new markets, or offer innovative new technologies. Among the excellence programs that support our growth strategy is the new Performance Excellence Program which we introduced last fall. Performance Excellence is a proven program that serves as a catalyst to bridge the gap between strategy and tactics, so that we can consistently achieve our targets and establish new, higher levels of performance. Each of our operating units has embraced the discipline of Performance Excellence, and it promises to become a way of life at our company. You can expect to hear more about this program in the future.

Global Market Leadership · A leader in the markets we select ·Being the best at what our customers value most · Providing leading growth rates and shareholder returns

A. O. Smith Vision



Accelerating Growth  Increasing REVENUE and PROFITABILITY by: ·Focusing on targeted market segments with growth potential ·Providing value to our customers through innovation and flawless execution ·Being the benchmark manufacturer and supplier of products to the marketplace Performance Excellence  · Strategic Objectives  · Improvement Priorities  · Key Performance Indicators  · Effective Countermeasures  · Targets for Improvement Values

A. O. Smith Strategy

Management Excellence  · Performance Management  · Selecting for Success®  · Leadership Training  · Succession Planning

Process/Product Excellence  · Lean  · Kaizan  · Continuous Improvement

A. O. Smith Excellence Programs A. O. Smith Values

 · Achieve Profitable Growth

· Be a Good Place to Work

· Emphasize Innovation

· Be a Good Citizen

· Preserve its Good Name

2

the integrated business Model

On January 20, we announced an agreement with the majority shareholders of GSW Inc. to acquire the Canadian-based water heater and building products company. This represents the largest acquisition in company history, and we are very excited about combining GSW's strength in the U.S. retail water heater channel and the Canadian residential market with our strength in the domestic wholesale channel and growing global presence. The acquisition promises to make A. O. Smith the leading supplier in this industry. We expect to complete the transaction by the end of the first quarter. One of my expectations for A. O. Smith is that we will deliver on our promises and meet our commitments. To our customers, that means reliably delivering highquality products on time and providing them with valuable, personalized service. To our employees, this means continuing to treat each other with respect and dignity so that we can work together to achieve our goals. As you no doubt noticed, the A. O. Smith Values represent the foundation of our business model, and we remain committed to living those values every day. Finally, we expect to meet our financial commitments to you, our shareholders, by consistently achieving our financial plan, increasing shareholder value, and continually delivering better returns on your investment in A. O. Smith Corporation. I think 2006 will be an exciting year with numerous challenges and many opportunities for accomplishment, and I look forward to reporting our progress to you in the future.

A salute to Robert J. O'Toole

December 31, 2005, marked the end of an era with the retirement of Robert J. O'Toole. Bob O'Toole's career spanned 42 years with A. O. Smith, and he retired as one of the most successful chairmen in the history of our company. The size, scope, and structure of A. O. Smith are largely the result of Bob's vision and efforts. He was integral in building Electrical Products Company into the business it is today through five domestic acquisitions from 1986 until 2001 and the company's expansion into Mexico in the 1980s and China beginning in the 1990s. In 1985, Electrical Products was a $142 million company; at the end of last year it was an $861 million business and one of the three largest electric motor manufacturers in North America. Bob also played a major role in growing the Water Systems business into one of the two largest water heater manufacturers in North America and a leading global competitor. He foresaw the tremendous potential of the China market and helped establish the company's China water heater operation in 1995. In 2001, he was responsible for the acquisition of State Industries, Inc., a transaction that doubled the size of Water Systems. When Bob was first named president of A. O. Smith, Water Systems' sales were $147 million; last year that unit achieved record sales of $833 million. Under the leadership of Bob O'Toole, A. O. Smith experienced 20 years of significant growth including more than $900 million in earnings, nine dividend increases, and two stock splits. Equally as important, he strongly believed in conducting business with the highest ethics and was a consistent proponent of the A. O. Smith Values. On a more personal note, over the last two years, Bob has been unfailingly generous with his time, knowledge, and experience. He was committed to a smooth transition of leadership, and in that effort, made a final contribution to A. O. Smith's success. The senior leadership team and I look forward to his continued contributions as a member of our Board of Directors.

Paul W. Jones Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

3

