Letter to the Shareholders
I am pleased to report another record-setting year for A. O. Smith Corporation, with sales of $2.3 billion and a 15 percent earnings increase to $88.2 million or $2.85 per share. Operating cash flow also set a record last year, increasing approximately 48 percent to $191 million, a result of our strong earnings and ongoing focus on working capital management. What made our financial performance particularly satisfying is that it occurred in a difficult economic environment, characterized by a second year of weakness in the U. S. housing industry, persistently high commodities prices, and volatile energy prices. Our operating units performed well under very trying conditions.

Water Products Company
Our largest operating unit achieved record sales of $1.42 billion along with a 23 percent increase in operating profit to $150 million. The company benefited from a full year of sales from GSW which was acquired in April 2006, a 26 percent increase in water heater sales in China and increased sales of commercial water heaters. These helped to offset lower residential water heater volume, the result of the weak housing market. The record profits were the result of synergies from the integration of GSW into our existing operations, the ongoing strength of our China operations, and increased commercial sales. Operating margin improved to 10.5 percent. Our China water heater business continues to grow at an impressive rate. We have broken ground for another facility on our Nanjing campus to meet increased market demand for residential water heaters. This new facility will double our capacity, and we expect the new plant will go into production in early 2009. Last year, we also announced a joint venture with Fagor Electrodomesticos S Coop., a leading appliance manufacturer in Spain, to develop residential wall-hung gas combination boilers for the China market. "Combi" boilers, which provide potable water and space heating, are growing rapidly in China and will help expand our product offering in that country. During 2007, Water Products introduced a wide range of new water heating products, including a complete redesign of our popular Cyclone® line of high-efficiency commercial water heaters, expansion of the VertexTM line of high-efficiency residential products, and a new variable-fire high-efficiency boiler. Customers are demanding energy efficient water heating solutions, and these new products have received favorable response from customers. We have a full pipeline of exciting new products, many of which will launch this year.

Electrical Products Company
Electrical Products' 2007 results were negatively impacted by the weak housing market. Sales declined to $894 million, as housing-related weakness in the residential hermetic and pump motor segments more than offset improvements in commercial hermetic motors and the distribution market segment. Operating profit of $23.1 million, which included pretax restructuring charges of $22.8 million, was lower than 2006 operating profit of $48.1 million. Operating profit in 2006 included $8.9 million in restructuring costs. The lower profits were also the result of higher raw material costs and a decline in unit volume, both of which offset improved motor pricing. Adjusted for restructuring expense, operating margin decreased to 5.1 percent from 6.3 percent in 2006.

Faced with the weak housing market along with secular changes in the residential hermetic motor business, Electrical Products announced it was accelerating plans to close plants in Mebane, N.C. and Scottsville, Ky., and consolidate its residential and commercial hermetic motor operations in Acuña, Mexico, and China. Early in 2008, the company closed a smaller motor plant in Budapest, Hungary, and transferred production to existing plants in China. We expect to record an additional pretax restructuring charge of approximately $13.2 million associated with these actions, equivalent to $7.9 million after taxes, or approximately $.25 per share. We forecast savings of approximately $5 million in the second half of this year as a result of these plant restructurings, with annual savings of $20 million beginning in 2009. Equally as important, these actions will position our productive capacity to better serve the changing needs of our customers in this highly competitive industry.

L. B. Smith 1920-2007 On a sad note, A. O. Smith Corporation lost a great leader when Lloyd B. Smith passed away in December. Ted joined the company in 1942 and was the fourth generation of the Smith family to lead the business, serving as chairman and chief executive officer from 1967 until his retirement in 1983. Under Ted's leadership, the company adopted modern management practices while significantly expanding the size and scope of the business. Equally as important, Ted personified A. O. Smith's values, especially his unwavering belief in doing business with honesty and integrity. He cared deeply about the employees of A. O. Smith, calling them "the best people in the world." All of us will miss Ted, but it is heartening to know that his legacy will live on through the success of the company and the people who make up A. O. Smith Corporation.

A challenging outlook
We believe 2008 is going to be another challenging year because of the enduring housing market issues and overall economic uncertainty. We are concerned the weakness in housing and construction could broaden later this year and negatively impact our commercial businesses. On the other hand, we expect our businesses in China to continue to generate profitable growth in 2008, helping to offset the weakness in the domestic economy. In 2007, our employees worked tremendously hard in helping the company achieve record results. Our goals for 2008 are to manage the elements of our business that are in our direct control. These include cost reduction actions throughout the organization, continued efforts to improve margins through standardization and optimization initiatives, and executing Electrical Products' repositioning programs. Achieving these goals will put us in a strong position to resume our growth once the economy recovers. I am confident our A. O. Smith team will continue to work hard throughout 2008 to satisfy customers while rewarding our shareholders.

Paul W. Jones
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

