A. O. Smith once again enjoyed record-setting results in 2016.
Sales increased six percent (eight percent in local currency) to
more than $2.69 billion, the seventh consecutive year of record
revenue performance. A number of factors contributed to the
sales record, most notably impressive 19 percent sales growth
(in local currency) for our China operations and continued
demand for our commercial water heater and high-efficiency
boiler products. Our global water treatment product sales
increased to $194 million thanks to growth of 35 percent
in China and the addition of Texas-based water treatment
company Aquasana, which we acquired in August.
Our earnings performance also set a record, increasing 17
percent to $1.85 per share. The higher commercial water
heater and boiler volumes and continued double-digit sales
growth in China, combined with improved pricing and lower
material costs during the first half of the year contributed to the
earnings improvement. Earnings were partially offset by lower
U.S. residential water heater sales and higher selling costs in
China to support expansion into the Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities as
well as higher advertising costs to support brand building and
the expansion of the air purification product line.
Cash flow from operating activities increased an impressive
27 percent to $447 million. As has been our practice the
last several years, the company returned cash to you, our shareholders. We repurchased more than
three million shares of company stock at
an approximate cost of $135 million.
In January, we announced a 17 percent
increase in the company’s quarterly cash
dividend, the 12th consecutive year in
which we raised the dividend.
In August, the company entered the North
American water treatment market with
the acquisition of Aquasana, Inc., of
Austin, Texas. Aquasana manufactures
an extensive line of premium water
treatment products, ranging from pointof-entry systems for the home and
on-the-go products such as portable
filter bottles. Aquasana markets its
products directly to consumers, with 80
percent of sales coming from its web
site and call center located just outside
Fort Worth. We believe this new business
presents us with numerous opportunities,
as consumers are becoming more aware
of water quality issues throughout the U.S. and are seeking
healthier alternatives for their families. We also anticipate
revenue synergies as we take Aquasana products to our existing
businesses in China and India and introduce our patented
reverse osmosis products to U.S. consumers. The North American segment unit reported sales increased
to $1.74 billion, a 14 percent increase in operating profits to
$385.9 million and an impressive 200 basis point increase in
operating margin. Higher volumes of boilers and commercial
water heaters contributed to the sales increase, and the team
in Canada did an excellent job of growing the business in
spite of the challenges coming from the strong U.S. dollar.
Although sales of Lochinvar-branded products did not
increase at the pace we expected, we did add share in the
important high-efficiency condensing boiler market. With a
large installed base of older, inefficient cast iron boilers in
North America, we believe there is room for further growth
in this market segment. After a number of years focused
on meeting new government efficiency standards, we are
now turning our sights to new product development, and
2017 promises to be a busy year in both the commercial and
residential segments. Chief among these new products are:
• The Cyclone®
 series 300 with an integrated touchscreen
 and remote monitoring capability;
• The Lochinvar Noble combi boiler that allows us to enter
 a portion of the residential boiler market in which we
 were not participating;
• The ProLine®
 series of commercial-grade residential
 water heaters. These units feature a number of
 commercial quality components developed by APCOM and,
 in some cases, come with an eight-year warranty; and
• A full suite of electric tankless water heaters, a line of
 products we have not offered in the past.
The Rest of World segment experienced a sales increase
of 11 percent to $965.6 million, operating earnings of
$129.1 million, a 14 percent increase, and operating
margins of 13.4 percent. Our operations in China continue
to outperform the Chinese economy, as we take advantage
of the well-known A. O. Smith brand in that market. Sales
of gas tankless water heaters increased more than 20
percent, while heat pump and other renewable water heater
technologies also grew at double-digit rates (all measured in
local currency). A sizable percentage of our sales are coming
from the e-commerce channel, with revenues of nearly $200
million last year. Water treatment products continue to grow
at a fast pace, as sales increased nearly 40 percent in the
local currency over the prior year. In addition, sales of our
air purification line of products nearly tripled over the prior
year as Chinese consumers became aware of the air pollution
problems in large parts of the country. To meet the demand
for water treatment and air purification products, we began
construction of a new 700,000 square foot plant in Nanjing
during the fourth quarter of 2016. The new plant, which also
will include new product engineering and quality labs, will
begin production early next year.
Looking ahead, we expect to achieve our eight percent
revenue growth model in 2017 as we benefit from an
incremental $40 million in Aquasana sales, improved
residential water heater sales in the U.S. and continued
commercial water heater and boiler sales increases. China’s
growth will continue to outpace that country’s economy as we
will benefit from household formation, market share gains
and higher average selling prices in the water heater market,
and the water treatment and air purification product lines
once again experience double-digit growth. This outlook is
tempered by the likelihood of higher material costs—most
notably steel—and the U.S. dollar’s impact on Chinese,
Canadian, and other foreign currencies.
Nonetheless, I have confidence in the A. O. Smith team and
its ability to meet these challenges—as they have in the
past—and succeed. Everyone throughout our organization is
focused on the Fundamentals for Success, the foundation for
everything we do as a company:
• Live our values which define who we are, how we do
 business, and the relationship we have with our
 customers, suppliers, and the communities in which we
 do business;
• Relentlessly take care of the customer, obsessively
 understand what our customers want and need in order
 for them to succeed—and then deliver on those
 needs;
• Invest in innovation in order to provide our customers
 with market-leading products and solutions; and
• Invest in our people by giving them the training,
 tools, and knowledge to take care of customers and
 provide employees with the opportunity to grow to their
 fullest potential.
Together, these four fundamentals contribute to A. O. Smith’s
profitable growth. They have served us extremely well for the
last 143 years, and I’m certain they will continue to serve us,
in 2017 and beyond.
Ajita G. Rajendra
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer