Apache 2013 Annual Report

Fellow Shareholders, continued
Delivering growth through drilling Our high-graded portfolio is already achieving competitive results. Apache's crude oil and liquids production in North America increased 34 percent compared with the prior year, which represents an additional 45,600 barrels per day. We replaced 140 percent of the oil, gas, and natural gas liquids produced globally during the year through drilling, with a substantial increase in estimated proved oil reserves in our Permian and Central regions of Texas, Oklahoma and New Mexico, where we've identified combined resource potential of approximately 10 billion barrels of oil equivalent. In these two areas alone, production has increased from approximately 89,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day (boe/d) in 2009 to 227,000 boe/d at year-end 2013. We have leading positions in these prolific basins. Our North American onshore resource base is massive, providing visible, predictable growth potential with resources estimated today to exceed 16.9 billion barrels of oil equivalent. We've started 2014 as the most active driller onshore United States, including the leading driller in the Permian Basin, with more than half of our approximately 40 rigs drilling prolific horizontal wells. Apache is also a leading driller in the Central Region's Anadarko Basin, operating more than 24 rigs with all but one drilling horizontal wells. Teams of geoscientists and engineers in the Permian, Central and Canada regions have identified a multi-decade inventory of conventional and unconventional development opportunities across our North America acreage. Today, our international assets are providing the funds for Apache's growth plans in North America. We are the No. 1 domestic gas supplier in Western Australia, operator of the largest oil field in the United Kingdom's North Sea, and the top oil producer in Egypt. These are high rate-of-return, free-cash-flow generating assets that receive premium realizations for crude oil benchmarked to Brent- or Brent-type indexed prices. The average price for Apache's international crude oil production was $106.55 per barrel during 2013, nearly a $10 premium when compared to North American production. For the second consecutive year, Apache's realized price for natural gas was higher internationally than in North America. Your company is well positioned to exploit this trend with future projects. Also, Apache has liquefied natural gas (LNG) opportunities in Australia and Canada, as demand for this cleaner-burning fuel increases in worldwide markets. We believe our position in Canada's Liard and Horn River basins is second to none, and with our partner Chevron we are aggressively pursuing LNG export opportunities. Positioned for attractive production growth and competitive returns 2013 was a successful year of portfolio rebalancing that also generated strong financial results. The focus in 2014 is on execution, with a priority on the safe and profitable growth of our oil and gas production. We also continue to upgrade our portfolio in 2014, completing the sale of our Argentina operations and properties for cash payment of US$800 million plus the buyer's assumption of $52 million of bank debt as of June 30, 2013. The relentless pursuit of operational excellence has become a hallmark of Apache since its founding in 1954. Today our regions, working in concert with technical experts at the corporate office, are concentrating on optimizing the development of unconventional resource plays. This includes shale plays in western Canada and the Permian Basin, the Granite Wash liquids-bearing reservoirs and Tonkawa oil plays in the Anadarko Basin, tight rock formations in Egypt's Western Desert, and other new venture opportunities throughout our 36-million-acre gross global acreage position. As a leading operator in our core areas, both internationally and in North America, we are able to create economies of scale that can drive down costs and improve returns. In Oklahoma and Texas we are self-sourcing sand and chemicals used for fracturing and

"2013 was a successful year of portfolio rebalancing that also generated strong financial results. The focus in 2014 is on execution, with a priority on the safe and profitable growth of our oil and gas production."
G. STEV EN FAR R IS

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President

2

International assets, such as Australia's Devil Creek gas plant pictured here, provide the excess cash flow that will drive Apache's growth going forward. In 2013, gas realizations were higher internationally than in North America.

PROFITABILITY

SUSTAINABILITY
Apache has initiated pilot programs to find innovative ways to source water for completing wells. At the Barnhart Field in West Texas, a combination of brackish and recycled water has replaced the need for freshwater, achieving similar results at a lower cost.
3

Apache 2013 Annual Report

Fellow Shareholders, continued
stimulating hydrocarbon-bearing rock formations, reducing overall well completion costs and frequently realizing more than $1 million in cost savings per producing well. Our shift to resource plays with more repeatable drilling programs also provides opportunities to capture efficiencies, such as through multi-well drilling pads. One example of this improvement is in the Barnhart field of West Texas, where we conducted multiple field trials using pad drilling techniques, new casing designs, and different drilling muds. Our Barnhart team drilled wells faster at a lower cost while growing gross production from zero to more than 18,000 boe/d in only 24 months. Apache was the most active driller in the United States, Egypt and the North Sea during 2013. Our wide-ranging and deep experience has contributed to an abundant collection of proprietary drilling and production data. Lessons learned and expertise acquired in one region are exportable to others. For example, the horizontal drilling database built in our Central Region has been applied to the Permian Basin, where an increasing number of horizontal wells are being drilled. Our combined North America dataset and experience are now being leveraged in Egypt, where we are testing new technologies to improve recoveries and returns in our Western Desert concessions. As part of Apache's focus on operational excellence, we continued to make steady improvement on workplace safety in 2013. Our expanded worldwide drilling activity increased total employee and contractor working hours by 38 percent to 87 million hours during the year, while our total recordable incident rate dropped 26 percent compared with the prior year. While we are pleased with this improvement, we continue to strive for better results. Looking further ahead For the past two decades, as Apache grew internationally, the company's U.S.-based assets provided the funds for developing new regions in Egypt, Australia and the North Sea. These international assets have reached a critical mass, generating excess cash or being strongly positioned to do so in the near future. In the near term, several key projects are approaching completion and becoming ready for initial production. This includes our Forties Alpha Satellite Platform in the North Sea, Balnaves and Coniston oil developments offshore Australia, and the Lucius oil field in the Gulf of Mexico. With the onset of these projects and the continued growth in our liquids-rich onshore North America assets, over the next three years we believe the portfolio we currently have can deliver production growth at a compounded annual rate from 5 to 9 percent. A number of actions we have taken this past year have been difficult and challenging. I am grateful to all Apache employees for their dedication and contributions to the company's success, and I am confident in their abilities to execute on our plans for the future. Execution has been a core strength of Apache for decades and will serve us well in our next growth phase. Apache has emerged from this portfolio rebalancing process as a stronger company. We are better positioned to do what we do best ­ exploit our inventory, allocate capital to generate attractive returns, increase our production, reduce our costs, and create lasting value. We appreciate the support of our shareholders and remain dedicated to the company's long-term, profitable growth.

2013 HIGHLIGHTS
   

Earnings of $2.2 billion Reduced debt by $2.6 billion Cash provided by operations of $9.8 billion Replaced 140 percent of worldwide production through drilling Most active driller in the United States, Egypt, and the United Kingdom's North Sea



G. STEV EN FAR R IS

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President March 17, 2014
4

