4

SI SINCE ITS INCEPTION IN 1954, APACHE HAS BEEN DRIVEN BY A RELENTLESS PURSUIT OF OPPORTUNITY TO PROFITABLY GROW AN INDEPENDENT OIL AND GAS COMPANY FOR THE LONG-TERM BENEFIT OF OUR SHAREHOLDERS. This pursuit was never
more evident than in 2010. Most apparent may be the $11 billion of acquisitions in three of our core producing regions, which increased Apache's reserves and production. In 2010, daily production of oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids averaged 658,000 barrels of oil equivalent (Boe), up 13 percent from the prior year. Estimated proved reserves at year-end were up 25 percent from the prior year to a record 2.95 billion Boe. But just as important, the acquisitions added significant undeveloped acreage that provides potential growth through the drill bit for years to come. We've titled this year's annual report More than Meets the Eye to emphasize that our pursuit of opportunity is not limited to buying assets or companies. We also advanced two long-term projects that can have meaningful potential for Apache for decades to . First, we joined Chevron in the Wheatstone come. liquefied natural gas (LNG) project in Australia, where we plan to sell natural gas from our Julimar/ Brunello discovery at a price tied to crude oil markets. In a second project, Apache and our partners EOG Resources and Encana have made great strides in advancing the Kitimat LNG development, proposed for the west coast of Canada to export gas from the Horn River basin. We believe the Horn River shale is the highest quality natural gas shale yet discovered in North America. Apache owns a 50 percent undivided interest in over 400,000 acres in the play, and we estimate the resource potential net to Apache to be up to 10 trillion cubic feet. In an effort to emphasize the importance of continuing to look outside of ourselves, in 2010 we created a new worldwide exploration group to assist our regions in pursuing new opportunities in Apache's existing areas as well as exploring for new areas of the world where Apache may establish future core regions. We entered 2010 having already developed an extensive inventory of future drilling opportunities across our portfolio. With the addition of the assets we acquired during the year, our opportunity base has multiplied. Relentless pursuit of opportunity is an action carried out by the most important asset we have--our people! Every company that's in the upstream oil and gas business has valves that allow natural gas to flow from the wellhead into pipelines and pumping jacks that go up and down. These are physical assets that are similar no ma er who owns the lease. The primary difference between companies is the people watching over them.

ROGER B. PLANK

FELLOW F

SHAREHOLDERS: S SH

5

Apache has a unique culture. We are very goal oriented. We work with a sense of urgency, and we push responsibility and accountability to every level of our organization. Giving individuals responsibility and holding them accountable gives them a real sense of ownership, which is why our incentive programs involve every single employee--from field operators in remote areas to staff members in headquarters. We are all proud to work for Apache and for the longterm benefit of our shareholders. The best way to describe Apache's culture is to look at what our management group developed years ago as the Key A ributes for Apache Leaders.

RODNEY J. EICHLER
KEY ATTRIBUTES FOR APACHE LEADERS
FIRE IN THE BELLY WORKING MANAGERS SOUND JUDGMENT AND EMOTIONAL MATURITY SEES THE BIG PICTURE AND TRANSLATES INTO ACTION FOCUS ON TEAM ACCOMPLISHMENTS OVER PERSONAL GAIN LEAD BY EXAMPLE--BE AN AMBASSADOR FOR APACHE'S VALUES EFFECTIVE COMMUNICATORS DECISIVE, INVESTED AND COMMITTED RESPONSIBLE IRREVERENCE BEST ANSWERS WIN

6

FINANCIAL AND OPERATING RESULTS
Results for the year were exceptional, and the possibilities for future growth are numerous. For the 12-month period ending Dec. 31, 2010, Apache reported record performances in several key metrics. Highlights include: to purchase their entire portfolio of assets in three separate operating regions where Apache already held production, infrastructure and expertise. Such opportunities to bolt on operations of that magnitude are truly unique in our experience and made our patience in the preceding years well worth the wait. We were able to capitalize on them because of our strong balance sheet and financial flexibility.

Revenues increased 40 percent to $12.1 billion. Our balanced commodity mix served us well during the year given higher oil prices. Net income for 2010 was $3 billion, and adjusted net income of $3.2 billion climbed 68 percent over 2009.*

BIGGER BUT NOT DIFFERENT
As in prior years, 2010 was all about portfolio f management. The difference was in the scale and potential of the steps we took to further diversify and balance our asset base.

Cash flow from operations before changes in operating assets and liabilities totaled nearly $7.4 billion, a 48 percent increase from the prior year. Highlights tell just part of the story. Many investors and analysts have asked, "Why was Apache so active with mergers and acquisition in 2010? Do these moves indicate a change in the company's direction?" The remarkable achievement is how li le Apache has changed during this period of extraordinary growth. Certainly Apache is a bigger company than it was a year ago. The portfolio has improved, but the culture and business model remain intact. Apache's portfolio approach effectively delivers consistent, profitable growth in a variety of market conditions and industry circumstances. This past year offered an ideal operating environment for our company, and Apache, with its consistent focus on rate-of-return and cash-generating assets, was able to take advantage. Since the early 1990s we have been able to execute major transactions because of our operating and financial discipline. These a ributes, honed through the years in a wide range of commodity price environments, operating challenges and competitive situations, remain essential and core elements in the continued progress of our organization. From 2007 to 2009 we were relatively absent on the acquisition front. We believed the market was overheated as oil and gas prices spiked, and the opportunities we identified didn't meet our criteria for risk, reward or growth potential. In contrast to many companies, we built our cash position and drilled within our existing prospect inventory while waiting for the right transactions to replenish and add to it. BP's extraordinary circumstances in the Gulf of Mexico created the opportunity for Apache

We consolidated our position in the Gulf of Mexico shelf with additional acreage, infrastructure and production by purchasing the shelf assets of Devon Energy in June.

We solidified our position among the largest producers and acreage owners in the Permian Basin, where Apache has been active for 20 years, with the August acquisition of BP's Permian Basin oil and gas operations, acreage and infrastructure.

We acquired essentially all of BP's upstream natural gas business in western Alberta and British Columbia in October. This included 1.3 million net acres with significant positions in several emerging unconventional plays.

We purchased four under-worked development leases and one exploration concession in Egypt's Western Desert from BP in November. This also provided crucial infrastructure that should debo leneck and bring to market our pent-up gas discoveries in Khalda.

We added quality assets in the Permian Basin and the Gulf of Mexico shelf and gained an important foothold in the GOM deepwater through our Mariner Energy merger.
*This annual report contains references to "adjusted net income" and "cash flow from operations", which are not financial or operating measures under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (GAAP). Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures are included on page 9.

7

This exceptional acquisition activity distributed new assets and employees across six different operating regions in three different countries. Integration of these people and properties into the Apache organization benefited from our experience in bolt-on acquisitions. Our growth efforts aren't focused solely on mergers and acquisitions. In fact, over the last five years we've grown organically, adding nearly 1,200 MMboe in estimated proved reserves through drilling, while acquisitions have supplemented that growth with an additional 890 MMboe.

VIGILANCE AMID UNPREDICTABILITY
Apache has expertise in exploring, developing and exploiting hydrocarbon assets whether they are assets that others in the industry deem too mature, too risky or too difficult to produce or on greenfield plays such as the Horn River basin in British Columbia, Canada. . Our strategy of balanced production between oil and natural gas and a balanced regional approach that t includes exposure to conventional, unconventional, offshore and onshore operations helps us provide our shareholders consistent profitable growth over the long term irrespective of the economic environment and unpredictable markets, risks and challenges. The Macondo well tragedy serves as a reminder that we must be vigilant in our protocols and practices to prevent injury to the people and environment where we work. Among changes we've implemented to enhance operational integrity is replacing contractors with Apache supervisory employees on manned platforms at a number of offshore facilities, thereby improving line-of-sight responsibility and accountability. We are also participating in the development of more robust and effective oil spill response and containment systems for deepwater and other environments. Apache operates in some of the most stringent nt regulatory environments in the world. Offshore, this includes the United Kingdom sector of the North Sea, Western Australia, and the United States' Gulf of Mexico. Even with the changing regulatory regime following Macondo, Apache was one of the most active operators in ge ing back to work. While the Gulf of Mexico's regulatory requirements are still evolving, particularly in deepwater, we remain commi ed to working with government authorities, joint-venture partners, suppliers and other stakeholders to fully resume operations safely and efficiently. In early 2011 political changes swept through Egypt, with many issues remaining unresolved at the time of this publication. We believe that Egypt will continue to value foreign investment and the development of its ample resource base. Apache's Egyptian operations are located in remote areas and events in the urban areas did not disrupt the company's oil and gas production. We wish the best for the people of Egypt during this time of transition.

8

LOOKING AHEAD
Our opportunity set has never been richer. We have a deep inventory of drilling prospects throughout our portfolio. The challenge we face is not selecting what to do, it's deciding in what order we do them. Apache's balance sheet remains solid, with manageable debt, strong cash flow, and the commitment to keep operational spending within our means. Our capital raising efforts in the investor markets during 2010 were positive. Equity offerings in July provided net proceeds of $3.5 billion. Note offerings in August and December ne ed additional proceeds of $2.5 billion. We can't predict what opportunities may present themselves over the next 12 months any more than we could have predicted the magnitude of Apache's 2010 acquisitions in last year's le er. But, we are ready for the challenges and opportunities of 2011. Our nearterm focus is exploiting the oily and more liquids-rich natural gas properties in our portfolio. Longer term, our new ventures team is advancing exploration opportunities in a number of areas. We have a deep inventory of drillable prospects throughout our operating regions. We also continue to focus on costs and operational uptime, but never at the expense of safety. We also are convinced that clean-burning natural gas can be a bigger part of the solution to America's ever-increasing reliance on imported crude oil, while reducing pollution caused by other, more carbon intensive fuels in power generation and transportation. It's cheaper, too. We are converting more and more Apache cars and trucks to use compressed natural gas (CNG). At year-end 2010, we had seven CNG stations and 111 Apache vehicles powered by CNG. We plan to double the number of Apache cars and trucks using CNG over the next 12 months. Increasing demand for natural gas in the Asia-Pacific region will improve the economics for exploration and production of this vital energy source. To that end, we are also in advanced planning stages in two significant, international long-term liquefied natural gas projects: Kitimat on the west coast of Canada and Wheatstone in Western Australia. This is a natural progression for Apache resulting from our portfolio in natural gas projects. Their successful development could monetize multi-trillion cubic feet of natural gas resources while providing a low emission alternative fuel to the emerging and growing economies of the Pacific Rim. Applying unconventional technologies to conventional, shale and tight rock formations has provided growth potential in liquids-rich gas reservoirs. Apache is combining these exploration and development methods, including horizontal drilling and multistage fracturing, in Argentina and throughout North America. These tight rock basins are a potentially huge resource that we believe can be developed safely and responsibly. To that end, Apache is participating in the voluntary disclosure of materials used to fracturestimulate these deep reservoirs, providing greater transparency for its activities. On the following pages you'll find a review of our operations and opportunities across the world. This includes a description of future activities and potential, as well as how each region fits into our overall portfolio. We have a stout acreage portfolio and deep backlog of activity that includes millions of acres, thousands of wells, and dozens of significant development projects. 2010 was another year that epitomizes the Apache spirit of Exploring What's Possible. We welcomed some 1,000 new employees during the year, bringing our total employee count to more than 4,400 to start this year. We are grateful for their hard work and dedication. Our results demonstrate the effectiveness of our decentralized business strategy, as well as our employees' talents and commitment to our shareholders. We thank you for your ongoing support.

March 18, 2011

G. Steven Farris Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Roger B. Plank President and Chief Corporate Officer

Rodney J. Eichler President and Chief Operating Officer

