FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS
Our 2006 Story Apache's 2006 story is one of progress in the face of new and recurring challenges: · Near-record earnings ($2.55 billion or $7.64 per diluted share); · Record production for the 27th time in 28 years; · Record reserves for the 21st consecutive year, up 9 percent in 2006; and · $5 billion cash from operations before changes in operating assets and liabilities. This is not an aberration. A $10,000 investment in Apache at its founding 52 years ago would now be worth $7.8 million, earning $17,289 in dividends each quarter. Behind the numbers is the Apache team, with our sense of urgency driving growth by: · Increasing daily production by 10 percent, passing the half-million-equivalent-barrels milestone; · Restoring output from hurricane-damaged facilities in the Gulf of Mexico; · A commitment to double operated production in Egypt by 2010; and · Drilling high-impact exploration wells in Canada, Australia, the North Sea and Egypt.
Our Challenges

While not an aberration, our success has never been guaranteed. Apache operates, and has always operated, in a world full of risks: · Despite vast improvements in equipment and technology, exploration and development remain inherently risky and require expensive, multi-year commitments; · The vast majority of the world's remaining oil and gas is owned by foreign governments, many of which have unfriendly political, legal or business environments; · Environmental concerns, which we believe must be addressed, add another layer of cost, complexity and uncertainty; and · Unpredictable and continual shifts in U.S. regulatory policy ­ from energy policy to corporate governance ­ make it hard to plan, staff and deliver on long-term projects.

3

4

Our Response

Apache's survival and success over 52 years is not accidental. We continually assess and address our challenges: · We have steadily diversified. Apache has seven core areas, five outside the United States. No single basin contributes more than 25 percent of our production. Each has undeveloped acreage for growth. · We are leaders in using technology to improve exploration and shorten delivery times and project lengths. In the Anadarko Basin of western Oklahoma we are using improved drilling techniques to bring wells on more quickly, as well as better fracture stimulation methods to improve performance, contributing to a 16 percent increase in our Central Region's 2006 production. In Egypt, our technical teams have shortened the time needed to turn newly processed 3-D seismic into drilling prospects. · We believe producing oil and gas contributes to improving standards of living. In addition to the economic contribution from direct employment, we create programs and charities that ensure that our presence benefits our host countries as well as our stakeholders. In Egypt, through funds donated by Apache employees and directors, friends and other U.S. firms to Springboard ­ Educating the Future, a non-profit, we have constructed 200 rural schools for Egyptian girls who otherwise would not receive a basic education. · We use innovative solutions to address unique problems. For example, in Canada we've formed creative partnerships to deal with limited acquisition opportunities and rising land costs.

Apache strengthened its Gulf of Mexico operations in 2006 with its acquisition of 13 fields on the Gulf of Mexico Shelf from BP. The company also acquired significant assets in the Permian Basin and Argentina. Tim Custer, left, business development manager, and Mike Cavanaugh, corporate reservoir engineering manager, review some of the acquired assets. Custer says: "Acquisitions have been an important element in Apache's growth. If we do our job right in identifying and negotiating transactions, the technical and operating guys will be able to run with these properties; pretty soon, they will be exceeding our forecasts."

· We work to minimize our environmental footprint. We have reduced carbon dioxide emissions in the North Sea by converting power generation from diesel to natural gas

U. S. G U L F C O A S T
5

6

(with the added benefit of saving $1 million a month). In Canada we have invested $200 million to use and sequester carbon dioxide and extend the life of a mature field by 20 years. We regularly work with environmental experts and explore ways to better protect our environment. Working with Apache Foundation, we plant lots of trees, which offset greenhouse gas emissions. It is, after all, a world we live in, too. · We divest non-core assets with the same discipline we use to acquire new assets. · We have a highly talented and stable work force. We aggressively recruit at all levels throughout the organization -- from entry level and recent college graduates to experienced professional and technical staff. · Our board members and executives don't just act like long-term owners; they are owners. We are rare among large companies for having Apache's founder as our chairman. Founders bring long-term vision and commitment no stock option can buy; indeed, Apache's founder is voluntarily giving up options with a seven-figure value simply as a leadership move to set the tone at the top for keeping costs down.
New Challenges

Many oil and gas exploration companies don't make it because the existing challenges are so formidable. But three new challenges are rapidly increasing the difficulties that even successful U.S. companies face:

Central Region engineers Breezi Fischer, left, and Rick Crist are among 21 young engineers and geoscientists who have joined Apache since 2001, working alongside seasoned veterans and bringing new energy to Apache's strong culture. Fischer says: "My team is finding new reserves and better techniques to produce gas from plays that were not economic in order to make the most of resources within the United States."

· With oil and gas largely in non-U.S. hands and in increasingly short supply, many host governments are seeking larger shares of the economic rent of oil operations on their territory. In addition, these countries increasingly feel free to alter the terms of their contracts with

U. S. C E N T R A L
7

District Manager Brian Evert oversees Apache Canada's carbon dioxide (CO2) flood project at Midale, Saskatchewan. The enhanced oil recovery project will increase the field's ultimate recovery by 60 million barrels of oil. "Each property I work with contributes to the local community through employment, local taxes, lease rentals to the landowners, contractors, suppliers, and community donations," Evert says. The Midale project, which utilizes CO2 from the Dakota Gasification Plant in Beulah, N.D., has received international attention as a successful example of geologic sequestration of approximately 500,000 tons of CO2 (a greenhouse gas) per year.

exploration companies, making it harder to use profits in good years to offset bad years in this notoriously cyclical industry. · The embarrassment of failures which collectively makes up U.S. energy policy is increasing. The laudable desire to encourage alternative sources of energy is creating a stampede to subsidize first, think second. If Apache and other companies that find and produce oil and gas upon which our economy depends are taxed to subsidize flights of fancy that may never prove workable, we may harm our ability to operate in the short term and our ability to shift to new energy sources over time.

CANADA
8

· More troubling, particularly to an industry with extremely long lead times and massive fixed costs, is the extraordinary shift in U.S. legal, regulatory and judicial policy. The traditional system of decision making by officers and boards of directors is effectively being replaced by decision making by shareholders. No public company can long survive in such an environment. Apache is committed to protecting its shareholders. But management by giant committee is not management, and planning by quarterly results is not planning. Many of Apache's best decisions were unpopular at the time they were made. This includes our entry into Egypt: Once questioned by investors and analysts, it is now one of our best growth areas. A company that takes major risks, makes quick decisions, and operates in a highly technical and ever-changing environment cannot survive without a board empowered to seek longterm success and stand by management in tough times to get there. If the United States wants to have oil and gas exploration companies ­ indeed, if the United States wants to have public companies at all ­ it must resist the temptation to turn them into smaller versions of our gridlocked political institutions.

In difficult years, as well as in easy ones, we at Apache have proved time and again that we can deliver. We believe we have earned enough respect to be given fair room to operate. Give us reasonable legal and regulatory environments, and we will continue to deliver to our shareholders, royalty owners, employees and fellow citizens who depend on us and the energy we produce.

Pat Brennan, left, Apache Egypt commercial manager, and Warren Ford, general manager of the Apache-operated Khalda Petroleum Company joint venture, are members of the Apache team driving to double the company's operated production in Egypt by 2010. Ford says: "We make use of technology as it becomes available and applicable. Some other companies hang back. We are always at the sharp edge and it is paying back in our exploration and production results."

The Bottom Line

Apache had a great year in 2006. We enter 2007 with a stronger base of core assets and future potential than at any time in our 52-year history. Despite the obstacles we have discussed, we expect Apache will continue to grow in 2007. We hope you share our enthusiasm.

EGYPT

Raymond Plank Chairman and Founder

G. Steven Farris President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer

10

