60 Years o Strength R I G H T P E O P L E · R I G H T A C R E A G E · R I G H T S T R A T E G Y

Fellow Shareholders,

G. Steven Farris (pictured at left) announced his retirement as chief executive officer and president effective Jan. 20, 2015, and as chairman of the board effective May 1, 2015. John J. Christmann, IV (pictured at right) was promoted to the position of chief executive officer and president effective Jan. 20, 2015.

2014 was pivotal for Apache. We are celebrating our Diamond Jubilee ­ signifying 60 years of strength, perseverance and endurance that have made us who we are today. Over the years, we have continuously demonstrated our ability to capitalize quickly and decisively on changes in market conditions. Today, Apache has the right people, right acreage and right strategy to ensure long-term success.
Throughout the years, the company has remained committed to financial discipline, a low-cost structure, diversity of assets, and safe and environmentally responsible operations. Our time-tested commitment to these principals underpins our ability to deliver long-term production and reserve growth, and achieve competitive returns on invested capital for the benefit of our shareholders. In 2014, Apache furthered its strategic repositioning to highlight our onshore North America portfolio by completing several key transactions including the divestment of non-core assets across our portfolio and announcing the sale of our LNG businesses. Then, as global oil prices dropped in the last half of 2014, we reduced our activity levels and attacked our cost structure to match cash flow. At year end, we delivered strong operational and financial results to complement our continued strategic portfolio refinement. Highlights include:  Delivered 18.6 percent pro forma North America onshore liquids growth; 6.4 percent pro forma growth worldwide;  C ompleted or announced approximately $7 billion in asset sales and monetizations;  A cquired $1.2 billion of strategic acreage in North America;  Generated $8.4 billion in cash flow from continuing operating activities;  Returned capital to shareholders by repurchasing $1.87 billion of stock and by increasing Apache's dividend 25 percent, providing an annualized rate of $1 per share; and  Replaced 158 percent of 2014 North America production through extensions and discoveries.

2014 Production
United States 45% Canada 12% Egypt 23%

Australia 9%

UK North Sea 11%

2014 Proved Reserves
United States 52% Canada 17% Egypt 12%

UK North Sea 6%

Australia 13%

5

APACHE 2014 ANNUAL REPORT

Fellow Shareholders, continued

Right People, Right Acreage, Right Strategy We begin 2015 having assembled the right people to create and deliver long-term value. We recently welcomed an accomplished industry veteran, Stephen J. Riney, as our new chief financial officer. We also added three new members to our board of directors in 2014: Annell R. Bay, Amy H. Nelson and Peter A. Ragauss, who bring more than 90 years of cumulative industry experience. Our continued drilling success and several key acquisitions of acreage positions are creating robust drilling inventory in North America, capable of driving our growth  and performance over the next several years. We have access to significant liquid hydrocarbons across our 12 million gross acres onshore in the U.S. and Canada, approximately 60 percent of which is undeveloped. Our international businesses in Egypt and the UK North Sea provide free cash flow and an important balance to the Apache portfolio, particularly in this new price environment. We have centralized our capital allocation process to drive higher rates of return and aggregate net present value (NPV). We allocated capital strategically between our North America and international opportunities and distributed dollars to the highest rate-of-return and NPV projects. We have implemented a new integrated-team approach with aligned incentives. We introduced a vertically integrated supply chain to control costs. And to maximize recoveries, we have enhanced our technical capabilities and focused them on a more comprehensive understanding of entire hydrocarbon systems. This resulting combination of people, acreage and strategy has put Apache in a position to be a world-class independent centered on North America onshore opportunities. 2014 Revenue
North America oil and liquids 39% International oil and liquids 44% North America natural gas 10% International natural gas 7%

2014 Commodity Mix
North America oil and liquids 33% International oil and liquids 27% North America natural gas 24% International natural gas 16%

Looking Ahead This year will be one of tangible operational results that demonstrate the progress Apache has made. With the application of leading-edge geoscience and process improvements across our plays in North America, Apache is in an excellent position to ramp up our capital program efficiently and take advantage of market opportunities as commodity prices recover. For Apache, the oil-price drop and subsequent industry slowdown create opportunities to generate strong long-term shareholder returns. We are taking advantage of this time to become a more efficient company and drive additional value. We are considering initiatives such as rewarding continuous improvement and cost discipline; creating medium- and longer-term field development plans; improving our drilling inventory; further rationalizing and consolidating our acreage position; leveraging our surface operations, infrastructure and scale; adding key acreage while there is less competition and at potentially lower prices; and lowering our base decline rate on our overall North America production. We plan to emerge from this downturn as a top-tier resource company with excellent drilling inventory, enhanced operational efficiency and a lower cost structure. We want to thank Apache employees for their continued hard work and contribution to the company's success. And we want to thank you, our shareholders, for your continued support.

G. Steven Farris Chairman

John J. Christmann, IV Chief Executive Officer and President

6

