 To Our Shareholders,
Over the last several years, we successfully transformed Anadarko into a company with materially higher operating margins and a more concentrated, liquids-centric asset footprint focused on the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico, and the DJ and Delaware basins in the U.S. onshore. In 2017, the company overcame a number of challenges and volatile market conditions throughout the year, closing the fourth quarter with the Delaware and DJ basins producing a combined average of more than 150,000 barrels of oil per day. This performance provides a preview of the value that can be created by allocating our investments to these oil-rich, high-margin basins, which are also advantaged by our expanding midstream infrastructure positions.
This transformation was aided by our strategic approach to portfolio management, which included the successful divestiture of more than $4 billion of assets, as we moved away from lower-margin, natural-gas prone areas that were unable to compete for capital. As a result, Anadarko’s overall liquids production mix improved to 67 percent, up from 53 percent in 2015, which contributed to a significant improvement in margins per barrel.
In the Gulf of Mexico, we successfully integrated our acquisition of Freeport-McMoRan’s deepwater assets and brought two new development wells on line through the newly acquired Horn Mountain facility. This allowed us to deliver first production in about 100 days, with very attractive rates of return.
We continued to make significant progress advancing our world-class LNG project in Mozambique, with the Mozambican government’s approval of the Legal and Contractual Framework, commencement of the site preparation onshore, agreements to key terms for more than half of our target off-take, and the approval of the Golfinho/Atum Plan of Development in early 2018. These achievements have built positive momentum toward reaching a Final Investment Decision.
For 2018, we have constructed a total capital-investment plan for both Anadarko upstream and midstream that is projected to be inside our total expected discretionary cash flow at $50 oil and $3 natural gas. This program is consistent with our historic approach of efficient capital allocation, and we believe it is well positioned to deliver attractive cash returns from higher-margin production growth. We have complemented this capital-efficient investment plan with share repurchases and a 400-percent increase to our dividend. With our incremental cash and free cash flow, we expect to continue to enhance shareholder returns and create value through additional share buybacks and increases to our dividend, while improving our credit metrics over time, as market conditions permit.
In closing, I want to thank our employees, as I am humbled by their actions and heart. Our achievements in 2017 were made possible by their commercial focus, willingness to work together to meet and, in some cases, exceed goals, drive to achieve safety and environmental improvements recognizing that the only work worth doing at Anadarko is work done safely. It was with that same rigor they demonstrated servant leadership in their communities, especially to help our neighbors overcome the horrific effects of Hurricane Harvey. Their generosity and commitment reinforces the strong culture we enjoy and what makes our company special.
Thank you for your investment in Anadarko.
Sincerely
R. A. Walker
Chairman, President and CEO
y
,
,
     