To Our Shareholders,
Anadarko's operational performance in 2014 was exceptional, as our employees delivered a tremendous year on each of our objectives. During the year, we achieved top-tier operating results with the largest capital program in the company's history and generated positive free cash flow. We grew total year-over-year sales volumes by more than 11 percent, on a divestiture-adjusted basis, while increasing our liquids volumes by approximately 83,000 barrels per day. We also replaced more than 160 percent of production organically by adding more than 500 million barrels of oil equivalent (BOE) of proved reserves at very competitive costs. Anadarko's capital-efficient U.S. onshore assets continued to drive the company's growth, achieving a 16-percent increase in sales volumes over 2013, equating to more than 90,000 additional BOE per day on a divestiture-adjusted basis. The Wattenberg field was once again the most significant contributor, as it generated average rates of return in excess of 100 percent during the year with sales volumes increasing by more than 60,000 BOE per day, exiting the year at nearly 200,000 BOE per day. During 2014, we began applying the same successful integrated business approach from Wattenberg to our emerging Wolfcamp Shale oil opportunity, where we hold a premier land position and have already begun expanding infrastructure to optimize our development program. In 2014, we successfully advanced our largest spar to date, Lucius, in the Gulf of Mexico and achieved first oil in January 2015, just three years after the project was sanctioned. This 80,000-barrels-of-oil-per-day facility is the first of our `design one, build two' approach that will culminate with the expected startup of the second spar, Heidelberg, in 2016. Also in 2014, we continued to make good progress in Mozambique and look forward to submitting a plan of development for this world-class LNG project in the next year. Anadarko's exploration program also continued to add to our growing list of opportunities by successfully appraising potential commercial discoveries at Shenandoah in the Gulf of Mexico and Paon offshore Côte d'Ivoire. Intertwined with the operational success of the company is our commitment to safety and sustainability, and we again delivered strong safety performance and also significantly enhanced our corporate responsibility program during the year, which includes improvements to our website, social media and overall transparency. Beyond the enhanced disclosures, we continued to live our core values by constructively engaging with our communities, regulators, the media, and NGOs, as well as collaborating with leading universities and the Environmental Defense Fund to study and improve the science around emissions and develop strategies to better manage them. The commodity-price and service-cost environment for 2015 is shaping up very differently from the robust conditions of the last few years, and accordingly we are mindful of achieving the right balance between our capital investments and preserving our strong financial position. I believe the current environment is an opportunity for Anadarko to continue to distinguish itself through the company's deep portfolio, talented people, financial strength, operating capacity and demonstrated commitment to active portfolio management. By acting as good stewards of our capital dollars and maintaining a longer-term view focused on sustainable growth and returns, we expect to be successful in both the current environment and as commodity markets recover. Anadarko has the unique capacity to leverage its competitive advantages in a difficult environment, and we recognize these can be the times when companies differentiate themselves to create significant value for their shareholders. Thank you for your investment in Anadarko. Sincerely,

R. A. Walker Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

