March 24, 2008

To Our Shareholders: At Anadarko, 2007 was a year defined by "pure performance." Whether integrating three companies into one, optimizing the portfolio, exceeding production targets, restoring the balance sheet, expanding infrastructure in the Rockies, ramping up production at Independence Hub, or discovering worldclass deepwater fields offshore West Africa and in the Gulf of Mexico, we delivered upon our commitments and transformed potential into real value for our shareholders. Most importantly, we established a solid platform for longterm growth and confidence in our portfolio. Through the efforts and dedication of our employees, we also set onshore production records in the Greater Natural Buttes area of Utah, the Powder River Basin of Wyoming and the Delaware Basin of West Texas. We began producing "clean-burning" natural gas at the world-record-setting Independence Hub project on time and within budget ­ a major accomplishment in an engineering and construction environment beset with delays and cost overruns. Independence Hub, which is located in deeper water than any other facility in the world, reached peak production of 1 billion cubic feet of natural gas per day ­ providing more than 1 percent of the average daily demand in the United States and helping propel Anadarko's overall production past the high end of our full-year guidance. In 2007, we also converted to the successful efforts method of accounting ­ a first for a company of our size, integrated and implemented a universal software system, and filed a registration statement with the SEC for an initial public offering of our midstream master limited partnership. We have assembled a robust portfolio that combines a large inventory of lower-risk, higher-margin development opportunities in the Rocky Mountain and Southern regions of the U.S. with a worldwide offshore exploration and development component that we believe will increasingly differentiate Anadarko from its peers. Our 2008 capital expenditure program is geared toward accelerating the value of the 2.4 billion barrels of oil equivalent (BOE) of proved reserves and the incremental 7 billion BOE of net, risked, captured resources in our portfolio by converting them into production and cash flow. We believe our portfolio of lower-risk resources is capable of delivering a 5-percent to 9-percent compound annual production growth rate for many years into the future, while driving production-replacement ratios of more than 100 percent. Our higher-risk resources provide additional growth potential, as we convert successful exploration and enhanced-recovery programs into proved reserves and, ultimately, into production. While we live in a resource-constrained world, we believe our portfolio provides an abundant supply of opportunities. We also believe Anadarko has the right people, the right values, the right portfolio and the right strategy to both deliver top-tier performance for our shareholders and to accomplish our mission of identifying and developing energy resources vital to the world's health and welfare, while respecting and preserving our precious environment. Thank you to our shareholders, Board of Directors, partners and employees for investing your trust in Anadarko. Sincerely,

James Jam es T. T. Hackett Hacket Hac kett t Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

