Dear Shareholder, Last year as I wrote this letter, I spoke of great uncertainty and volatility as the world's financial markets and economies collapsed. A year later, as the global economy begins to recover, I reflect not on this difficult past year, but on the bright future we have because of the tough but necessary actions we took in response to the global recession. These actions helped offset some of the negative economic effects and improved our margins considerably in the second half of the year. They have positioned us to capitalize on the many growth opportunities we see in front of us and to deliver on our goals of double-digit earnings growth in 2010 and a 17 percent margin in 2011.
Difficult Year accelerates Change
We ended the fiscal year at $8.3 billion in sales, down 21 percent from the prior year's $10.4 billion. Underlying sales declined 8 percent, with raw material and natural gas pass-through and currency accounting for 7 percent and 6 percent, respectively. Globally, our principal manufacturing markets declined by 11 percent year over year. As you look at the results, you can see the impact of the global recession on our performance. Despite these difficulties, Air Products maintained its positive cash flow and strong balance sheet, and we increased our dividend for the 27th straight year. This speaks to our financial strength and stability. As the economy deteriorated in the past year, we accelerated cost reduction actions as part of our strategy to drive to a sustainable, low-cost structure. These actions included moving planned productivity actions forward, taking advantage of our global SAP system, rapidly replicating best practices, consolidating locations, and lowering our cost to manufacture and distribute our products. We shifted our technology spending to focus on applications that deliver growth and productivity for us and our customers. We also completed the divestiture of our U.S. Healthcare business and took significant actions to simplify our Electronics business, with the goal of improving its returns and reducing its cyclicality. Our global cost reduction plan brought savings of $50 million in fiscal 2009, and we

expect to achieve more than $150 million in 2010, with annualized savings of approximately $180 million in future years. This was a difficult undertaking, and I commend the employees of Air Products who drove these results. Without their extraordinary efforts in very challenging circumstances, we would not have been able to achieve what we delivered. Capital expenditures were $1.5 billion in 2009, up slightly from 2008, as we continued to see good opportunities for profitable investment.

on the horizon
As we look forward to this year, we expect to bring on more than $1 billion in new projects, principally in our Tonnage business, and we anticipate capital expenditures to be in line with 2009. While we expect modest global manufacturing growth this year, we foresee improved loading and earnings growth in our Merchant and Electronics and Performance Materials businesses. The Electronics industry should rebound from the severe downturn it experienced this past year. Our Performance Materials business should see a boost due to the various economic stimulus packages that have been initiated around the globe. Since our founding in 1940, customers have sought out Air Products to provide productivity and efficiency benefits, quality improvements, and environmental benefits to their manufacturing operations and products. We expect these ongoing demand drivers to enable us to grow our businesses at levels greater than most underlying industrial production measures. We see additional significant opportunities for Air Products in the energy, environment and emerging market sectors, driven by societal and regulatory trends around sustainability. For us, this results in opportunities that include hydrogen for cleaner-burning transportation fuels; oxygen for clean and efficient combustion, gasification and capture of carbon emissions; and electronic gases for thin-film photovoltaic manufacture. For example, the global increase in demand for transportation fuels has led refiners to invest in converting their refineries to make more gasoline, diesel fuel, and jet fuel and to use heavier, more sour crude sources. Both of these factors have driven higher demand for our hydrogen, as refiners strive to meet clean air regulations and market demand. We are not stopping there. We are focused on advancing the development of hydrogen as a transportation fuel of the future with over 110 fueling stations in 16 countries worldwide. We are the leader in demonstrating its capabilities as a solution

to environmental concerns. The demand for clean energy does not end with transportation fuels. Energy providers are continuing to look for new technologies that meet consumer demands without a significant impact on the environment. Here again, we are focused on solutions that can enable cleaner-burning coal or other distressed fuels. Our work on developing carbon capture and purification technologies, coupled with our role as a leading supplier of large- scale oxygen facilities, means we are equally well positioned to participate in the growth in energy demand that will occur as the economy recovers. Clean energy is not limited to fossil fuels; it can also come from sources such as the sun. This is another area where Air Products is a leader. In the last year, through our SunSourceTM offering, we have signed more than 20 solar (or photovoltaic) accounts, bringing our total number of customers to over 60 in this new and promising market sector. Air Products' global reach not only enables us to better serve these new markets, it also positions us well to enter new geographies. In fiscal 2009, we were successful in securing an order for the largest cold box ever designed and built by Air Products, which will be delivered to a customer in the Middle East. We also began production on one of the first "over the fence" gas supply systems in the region. This past year, we
The amount and comparison to the prior year related to capital expenditures is considered a non-GAAP measure. Please see page IV for the comparable GAAP amount and reconciliation.

also saw the completion and start-up of our new specialty amines plant in Nanjing, China, to support our customers in the polyurethane additives and epoxy markets. Finally, we purchased German epoxy additives maker S.I.Q. to broaden our offerings to the construction and coatings market and improve the business's geographic reach into Eastern Europe, another important growth market for Air Products.

our Goals are in reach
Our journey to transform Air Products to a sustainable, low-cost structure is not about abandoning our values. It is about using speed, simplicity and agility to deliver quality and innovation to our customers. We believe that the low-cost position we are building is a competitive advantage that will result in rewards for our customers, employees and shareholders through increased value and growth. By leveraging our global businesses, shared service centers, global IT systems, work processes, and continuous improvement tools such as Six Sigma, we believe we are

poised to deliver higher margins and returns. As an Air Products team, we have weathered a challenging business and economic climate in 2009. We firmly believe we have taken the steps to ensure our success as the global economy recovers and well into the future. While our outlook for economic growth in 2010 is not robust, we see the actions we have put in place, the new plants coming onstream, and the continued benefits from our cost reductions as key to achieving our goals of double-digit EPS growth and improving margins. I am confident that the employees of Air Products are up to the challenge of meeting these expectations. Thank you for your continued support and investment in Air Products. Very truly yours, John E. McGlade Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

