To our shareholders

Dear Shareholder, Fiscal 2013 was a solid year for Air Products. We focused and delivered on many of our key priorities--cost reduction, productivity improvements, disciplined project execution, and portfolio management--while at the same time navigating the economic headwinds that continue to challenge many businesses. Our volumes improved and our productivity initiatives more than offset inflation, which allowed us to reinvest in the business and return capital to our shareholders. Delivering shareholder returns and solid results
For the year, we generated Total Shareholder Return of 33 percent--well above the S&P 500 TSR of 16 percent. We increased our quarterly dividend by 11 percent, proudly marking the 31st consecutive year of dividend increases. We also repurchased 5.7 million of our shares outstanding during the year. Combining dividends and share buybacks, Air Products returned over $1 billion to shareholders in 2013. We also increased revenues by six percent, with underlying volumes up one percent. Operating income and earnings per share grew two percent. The management team remained focused on what we could control and on making structural improvements and taking portfolio actions that position Air Products well for long-term earnings growth as the economy rebounds. Notable developments that illustrate our innovation include:  Second-largest ASU on-site order ever awarded to Air Products: In February, we announced that we will supply Shanxi Lu'An Mining's coal gasification facility in Shanxi Province, China. We will build, own, and operate four ASUs producing oxygen, nitrogen, compressed air, and steam. We are excited about the growth prospects in the coal gasification market.  Expanding in India: Our proven on-site model will be seen in India for the first time, as we announced that we will build, own, and operate our first hydrogen and steam production facility for Bharat Petroleum.  Liquefaction technology: In April, we announced an order in North America for our liquefaction technology, for Dominion's Cove Point liquefied natural gas (LNG) import facility in Lusby, Maryland. We have shipped more than 100 LNG heat exchangers worldwide, utilizing our proprietary LNG process technology and equipment.  Tees Valley in the United Kingdom: Our spirit of innovation, coupled with our proven expertise in operating complex process plants, will drive our investment in a second energy-from-waste facility adjacent to our existing project. The first plant is on schedule to begin commissioning in late 2014. Once up and running, the plants will offer clean power, divert up to 700,000 metric tons of nonrecyclable waste from landfills annually, and power up to 100,000 homes. Just as importantly, they are set to generate good, consistent returns for our shareholders.

Executing on our robust backlog
We continued to win profitable new business and are proud to have built a best-in-class investment backlog of $3.5 billion, which will continue to support our growth long into the future. Implementation of these projects remains second to none, and we continue to execute against safety, on time, on budget, and at returns that are well above our cost of capital. In 2013, we brought onstream more than a dozen major new projects, including hydrogen plants and air separation plants in the United States, Europe, and China. These investments are backed by long-term, take-or-pay contracts that will drive consistent cash flow and earnings growth in the future. And we successfully integrated the Indura acquisition in South America, strengthening our position in this attractive market.

Air Products | 2013 Annual Report

II

Taking disciplined actions to improve our portfolio and productivity
We continue to make significant progress with our portfolio and productivity actions and expect to reduce costs by a further $75 million through product exits, asset rationalizations, and organizational improvements. These actions are focused on strengthening our Electronics business and our global operations function while further optimizing our European cost structure. Meanwhile, we remain on track to exit our Polyurethane Intermediates business in 2014.

Meeting our financial commitments in 2014
Our key business units remain strong and well positioned for the future. In 2014, Merchant Gases will continue its primary focus of loading our existing assets with profitable new business. Tonnage Gases will continue to bring new projects onstream, on time and on budget, while optimizing our plant performance. In Electronics and Performance Materials, the focus remains on serving our customers, providing profitable offerings, and taking advantage of asset and portfolio streamlining actions that drive efficiency and boost productivity. Overall, we will focus on maximizing pricing to recover cost increases, delivering the benefits from cost reduction and restructuring actions that we are taking and looking at every opportunity to drive down operating costs and improve productivity.

Chairman and CEO John McGlade.

Having spent 38 years with Air Products, what I can say with the utmost confidence is that while individuals may come and go, the values that drive an organization can and do remain deep-rooted. Those values define who we are and distinguish us from other organizations. I cannot speak highly enough of the employees at our company. I am immensely proud to be part of this great group of people. They know what needs to be done, and I am confident that they will continue to work hard to deliver for you, our shareholders, for many years to come.

Looking forward
This will be my last time writing to you before I retire in 2014. One of the most gratifying things for me is to know that I will be handing over to a new CEO a company that has established leadership positions in excellent growth markets. Our strategy of focusing on energy, environment, and emerging markets is serving us incredibly well. Our ability to deliver on these with confidence is founded on our experienced senior leadership team. The appointment of three new board members will also provide additional perspective and benefit for the future direction of the Company. I would like to personally thank our retiring directors for their unwavering support of Air Products and its shareholders.

Very truly yours,

John E. McGlade Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

III

