To our shareholders

Dear Fellow Shareholders,
I have known Air Products for the last 35 years. For 18 of those years, I followed the company as a competitor when I worked for another global industrial gas company. And for the last 17 years, as a chemical company CEO, I continued to observe developments at Air Products with great interest. So, in June 2014, when the Board offered me the opportunity and honor to become Air Products' Chairman, President and CEO, I was already aware of the following facts:

· The global industrial gases business is fundamentally an excellent business to be in. There are plenty of opportunities for steady growth; it is stable during economic recessions; and the industry provides unique products that are absolutely essential to customers' operations. · Air Products was the most profitable industrial gas company in the world 20 years ago, with an outstanding reputation for safety. · Air Products has excellent and unique technologies. · And most important, Air Products has very talented, dedicated, and committed people who are eager to move forward. Knowing this, I enthusiastically accepted the Board's offer and started work on July 1st, 2014. Now that I have been part of the team for the last five months, and having had the opportunity to meet more than 4,500 of our people in small groups of 50­60, I am convinced, more than ever, that Air Products has what it takes to once again become the safest and most profitable industrial gas company in the world. That is our goal. You can see our FY 2014 performance in the detailed report that follows this letter. But our focus now is on the next steps to move our company forward.

Our Goal
To fulfill our mission, we have set the following goal:

 Air Products will  be the safest and most profitable industrial gas company in the world, providing excellent service to our customers."
All of our efforts, strategic or tactical, long-term or short-term, will be focused on achieving this goal.

Our Management Principles
In managing Air Products, we will be guided by the following key principles: · Cash is king. We will focus on generating cash, and our incentive system will be based on EBITDA. · In the long term, what creates value for our shareholders is the increase in per share value of our stock, not EPS or growth rate. · Capital allocation is the most important job of any CEO. · Decentralized organizations promote entrepreneurial spirit, reduce costs, and help decrease corporate politics. · We will nurture core values such as integrity, respect, and innovation, which are at the heart of every successful enterprise.
V

Our Mission
Our mission at Air Products is to be a thriving and profitable commercial enterprise to create value for our shareholders. The only way to serve our customers with excellence, develop and reward our employees, and support our communities is to have a profitable company with satisfied shareholders.

To our shareholders

Our Five Point Plan

1
 

I have, through many presentations to our people and at industry conferences, articulated our road map to achieve our goal:

· Safety ­ The only acceptable goal is zero accidents and incidents. All accidents are preventable. Everyone is responsible and accountable for safety at Air Products. · Simplicity ­ We will constantly endeavor to simplify our organization and work processes. This is essential to improve productivity and enhance our ability to serve our customers. We will focus on not only doing things right, but also doing the right things. We will eliminate unnecessary work so that we have time and energy to do what's necessary. · Speed ­ We believe speed of execution is a key competitive advantage. · Self-confidence ­ As a team, we believe we have the capability and the capacity to be the best in the industry.

Focus on the core

 We consider industrial gases to be our core  business. Our key competencies are in this sector. We will follow the key principles of an integrated gas model and enhance our strategic position in areas and geographies where we have a meaningful position.

2 3


Restructure the company

 We have restructured the company with the  drive for an agile, fast-moving, empowered, entrepreneurial, and regionally focused organization. This will allow us to create profit and loss centers at many levels and enhance focus on profitability, increase efficiency, and lower corporate costs at the center.

Company culture

4


Cost and capital

 I have always believed that the culture of the  company is a key element of success. No matter how brilliant the strategy, it must be executed by every employee in the company. Therefore, the fundamental culture of the enterprise and the commitment and motivation of our people will determine our success. We will relentlessly promote the following key principles at Air Products:

 We are committed to eliminate waste and control  our costs at every level of the organization. We will only invest our hard-earned cash on projects that produce returns that increase shareholder value. We will not spend capital for the sake of showing growth or increasing the size of the company.

5


Rewards and compensation

 The only acceptable  goal is zero accidents and incidents."

 Our annual bonus will be based on EBITDA  performance against specific goals for our decentralized business units. Our long-term incentive plan will be fully aligned with value creation for our shareholders. The details of these programs are in our proxy statement. We are well on our way to implementing this plan. I look forward to reporting our progress in my letter to you next year.

Maintaining a safe workplace is a fundamental and moral responsibility
Air Products | 2014 Annual Report

VI

Profitability measures:
EBITDA as a percent of sales Operating Profit as a percent of sales Return on Capital

Acknowledgments
I want to close by thanking those who have supported us throughout the year and helped us achieve our success. To our customers . . . We thank you for giving us your business. At the end of the day, we recognize that Air Products could not exist without your confidence and support. That is why we strive to provide you with the solutions and innovations that you need to be successful. Your success is our success. Providing excellent service to you, our customers, remains the foundation of all we are aiming to achieve as we transform our company. To our employees . . . I want to thank everyone at Air Products for your commitment to excellence, dedication, collaboration, and hard work. The collective success of Air Products depends on each one of our people doing his or her job in the best possible way. I know that our people are committed to making Air Products successful, and that is the main reason I am optimistic about the future of our company. To our shareholders . . . Thank you for your confidence and investment in our company. We are focused on creating shareholder value--that is our priority at Air Products.

Seifi Ghasemi Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

VII

