To our shareholders

Dear Shareholder, A winning strategy takes time, thought and much consideration. It must be straightforward and easily understood. Our strategy is: winning in the energy, environmental and emerging markets; executing on innovation, integration and improvement; delivering on revenue, margin and return goals. Our leading positions in hydrogen, electronics and key Asian markets will drive our growth. Our focus on innovation, integration and improvement will deliver our margin and return improvement. Together, they position us to meet our 2015 financial goals, which I announced at our Investor Conference earlier this year. Many of our customers in the industries and geographies that are important to our growth made record investments in the past year, awarding us industrial gas supply contracts critical to their projects' success. These position us well to grow in 2012 and beyond with a strong and expanding project backlog. I believe having challenging but achievable goals and a strategy to reach them provides our team with focus and purpose for this year and the future. I remain very confident in our long-term outlook, and I expect us to deliver on our 2015 goals.
Fiscal 2011 results
The global Air Products team again delivered a good year, with double-digit sales and earnings growth and a number of key project wins, despite slowing global economic growth in the second half of our fiscal year. Sales of $10.1 billion increased 12 percent as we delivered volume growth across our Merchant Gases, Tonnage Gases, and Electronics and Performance Materials businesses. Operating income of $1.7 billion rose 13 percent on volume with improved performance from Electronics and Performance Materials and Tonnage Gases. Earnings per share increased 14 percent to $5.73. We saw strong gains in operating cash flow and improved our most important measure, return on capital employed (ROCE), by 80 basis points to 13.3 percent for the year. Capital expenditures were $1.6 billion, up 22 percent from 2010. Our strong operating cash flow allowed us to increase our dividend for the 29th straight year, complete $650 million of share repurchases and authorize an additional $1 billion for future share repurchases.

John McGlade and CEC members discuss our strategy at an employee talk.

Certain amounts and comparisons to the prior year in this letter are considered non-GAAP measures. Please see pages V and VI for the comparable GAAP amounts and reconciliations.

Air Products | 2011 Annual Report

II

20 15 by

2015
Markets Actions

A Strategy for Success
energy, environmental Winning in and emerging

innovation, integration Executing on and improvement revenue, margin Delivering on and return

Goals

Generating Shareholder Value
Winning in energy, environmental and emerging markets
The global energy, environmental and emerging market trends will accelerate the growth of our business. We continue to build on our strong market positions, helping our customers improve the productivity, efficiency and sustainability of their businesses. We announced plans to construct a new 180-mile-long pipeline connecting our existing Louisiana and Texas hydrogen systems, creating the world's largest hydrogen production and pipeline supply network. During the year we signed several large refinery contracts on the pipeline network, including supply for Valero in Port Arthur, Texas and St. Charles, Louisiana; Shell in Deer Park, Texas; Motiva in Convent, Louisiana; and Marathon in Garyville, Louisiana. China remains one of our largest growth opportunities. To capture this growth, we are pursuing an integrated gases and materials strategy. We are increasing our resources and have relocated a member of our Corporate Executive Committee, Steve Jones, to China to drive our strategy for profitable growth. We won a new contract in the year to supply tonnage oxygen and nitrogen to Wison Clean Energy Ltd., Inc.'s coal to syngas gasification facility in Nanjing. This is our third supply contract with Wison in Nanjing. We also brought onstream a new tonnage oxygen plant and an associated "piggy-back" merchant facility at Xingtai Steel in Hebei province. III Growth in our Electronics business continued to present great opportunities for us, as we expanded nitrogen capacity for many of the leading semiconductor and flat-panel customers in the three leading markets of Korea, Taiwan and the United States. Our cost leadership in this area has enabled us to increase the on-site portion of our electronics portfolio to approximately 25 percent, up from 12 percent in 2005. We also started up our new electronics materials facility in Banwol, Korea, announced an expansion of our NF3 plant in Ulsan, Korea and are building the world's first on-site, large scale specialty gases plant, supplying ammonia to Anhui Sanan OptoElectronics in China. In our Performance Materials business, we continue to bring innovative and sustainable solutions that our customers need to solve challenges in the civil engineering, personal care, coatings, inks and adhesives markets.

20 15 by

2015
Delivering revenue, margin, and returns
While we currently see some economic uncertainty, we believe we have the momentum necessary to meet our 2015 goals. This belief is based on our strong project backlog, our continued actions to improve our business operations and market positions, and our cost management and productivity focus. For 2012, we expect our capital spending will be in the range of $1.9 to $2.2 billion, an increase of 20 to 40 percent over 2011. The majority of this investment will be in projects underpinned by our on-site business model. We will continue to look for opportunities that complement our existing positions and build toward leadership in high growth and emerging markets. Our most recent equity affiliate investment in Saudi Arabia is one such example. As always, I am able to look forward with confidence by looking back at the efforts of our 18,900 employees worldwide. They really are a differentiator for Air Products. They are the Air Products Advantage. My thanks to all of them for their dedication and passion in serving our customers while delivering on the expectations of our shareholders. Very truly yours,

Executing on innovation, integration and improvement
Growth is but one of our 2015 goals. To reach our return targets, we must continue to develop a culture of improvement that delivers productivity and margin expansion. To drive cost leadership and increase market competitiveness, we will focus on actions that drive innovation, continuous improvement and the integration of our businesses. Innovation has been a cornerstone of Air Products for over seventy years. We continue to find new ways to reduce the cost of air separation and hydrogen plants. We are also introducing new applications that make our customers more productive and successful, as well as developing new products in our Electronics and Performance Materials businesses. Integration creates efficiency and is key to success in the industrial gas business. Our new projects in LaPorte, Texas; Chengdu, China; and Gent, Belgium are just a few examples of fully integrated on-site and merchant plants. Connecting the nearly 600 miles of the Texas and Louisiana hydrogen pipeline systems will improve supply reliability for our customers and improve returns for Air Products. And we run our business on a globally integrated model, allowing us to rapidly transfer best practices while positioning ourselves to meet our customers' needs. We have been using Continuous Improvement (CI) tools to enable productivity for many years, and CI has contributed to our return and margin improvements. It is how we operate our business. CI is a management accountability and an individual responsibility of all employees. It is how we will deliver higher growth, improve our pricing and deliver greater cost productivity. In short, it is an important enabler to achieving our 2015 goals.

John E. McGlade Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

Air Products | 2011 Annual Report

IV

