Dear Shareholders

Focusing solely on what you can potentially do better than any other organization is the only path to greatness.
 

--Jim Collins, Good to Great

In 2007, 22,000 Air Products people around the globe focused on what they do better than anyone else: delivering the Air Products difference. It was a clear focus on driving top-line growth with greater improvements to the bottom line . . . on increasing our return on capital so we continued to earn the right to invest . . . on leveraging our global organization and systems . . . on really listening to customers and acting on that understanding . . . on embracing and responding to an ever-changing global landscape so we could seize market opportunities faster than ever before. We are on the path to becoming an even higher-growth, higher-return company, with results that are truly great.

Delivering the Difference
This was a milestone year. For the first time, we reached $1 billion in net income on sales of $10 billion, up 43 and 15 percent, respectively, from the prior year. This marked our fourth consecutive year of double-digit sales and earnings per share growth. Operating income from continuing operations of $1,390 million increased 23 percent, and diluted EPS of $4.37 was up 25 percent.  We met our goal to improve operating return on net assets (ORONA) by increasing the return 110 basis points over the prior year through higher plant loading, productivity and continued capital discipline. We further strengthened our balance sheet, continuing to improve our solid financial position. Cash flow from continuing operations was $1.5 billion, including pension contributions of $290 million. Our debt-to-debt plus equity ratio ended the year at 39.3 percent, placing us squarely within an "A" credit rating range. Continuing operations capital spending on plant and equipment, excluding acquisitions, was $1.1 billion; acquisition spending was $539 million.

Certain amounts and comparisons to the prior year in this letter are considered non-GAAP measures. Please see page 12 for the comparable GAAP amounts and reconciliations.

2

Air Products Annual Report 2007 | Letter to Shareholders



The continued strength of our operating cash flows allowed us to repurchase

$567 million in shares--the third consecutive year we've bought back $500 million or more of our stock. With just under a half-billion dollars remaining under the existing authorization, our Board approved an additional $1 billion toward share repurchases. In keeping with our long-standing tradition, 2007 also marked our 25th consecutive year of dividend increases for shareholders.  With this strong underlying financial performance, we focused on capturing profitable growth. Having completed our strategic business reorganization, we aligned our people, capital, and research and development spending on growth markets. We saw strong demand for our Merchant Gases across the broad markets and geographies we serve, growing sales to $3.2 billion. In Tonnage Gases, our hydrogen plant investments for clean fuels delivered great results, and we saw increased orders for large air separation units. And we won well over half the business we bid in a strong Electronics market capital investment cycle, while new product innovations and acquisitions moved us closer to our goal of building a $1 billion Performance Materials business within the next five years.  Meanwhile, we continued to build on our leadership positions in growth geographies. Our total sales to customers outside of the U.S. continued to exceed 50 percent. Our 20+ percent growth trajectory in Asia continued, as we won new business; expanded manufacturing, engineering and research capabilities in China; built on our leading gas supply positions in key countries like Taiwan and Korea; and completed the acquisition of our remaining equity interests in Malaysia and our Performance Materials joint venture in China. We also acquired a significant merchant and packaged gas business in Poland, seizing the opportunity to become the leading industrial gas supplier in central Europe's fastest-growing economy. Finally, we delivered $132 million in income from equity affiliates during the year.  With this growth came a continued commitment to reduce the cyclicality of our portfolio. Following on our successful sale of the amines business and restructuring of polyurethane intermediates in 2006, we hope to have an agreement of sale in place for polymers by calendar year end. With a renewed focus on our electronics customers' demands for speed, cost
John P. Jones III Chairman John E. McGlade President and Chief Executive Officer

3

leadership and value-added products, we streamlined our product portfolio; closed our specialty materials facility in Morrisville, Pennsylvania; divested our photoresist developer business; and announced an agreement to sell our High Purity Process Chemicals business.  We also continued our efforts to improve our U.S. Healthcare business. We put a new management team in place. We restructured our sales and customer service teams while implementing action plans to drive our growth and productivity. We are not yet satisfied with our business performance in this segment. We do, however, believe we are positioning ourselves to earn a premium above our cost of capital as we look to the future.  Finally, we continued to drive productivity to benefit customers and our bottom line. Companywide, we drove SG&A as a percent of sales down to 11.8 percent, 50 basis points lower than last year. Our move to shared services in Europe was just one example of our ongoing efforts to simplify and streamline our day-to-day operations. Most importantly, our continuous improvement processes and tools, including our single instance of SAP, continue to deliver value, creating opportunities for us to meet the needs of customers with speed and efficiency. With our SAP deployment in China, Taiwan and Korea, we have approximately 90 percent of Air Products' revenues worldwide on one global system.  Above all, we accomplished all of these goals with exceptional environmental, health and safety performance--one of our best years ever and representing one of the best records in our industry.

Responding to the Pace of Change
For the past several years in our Deliver the Difference journey, we have done a great deal of heavy lifting internally--getting our own house in order to increase customer and shareholder value while positioning for sustained, profitable growth. We simplified, standardized and globalized our work processes, enabling a culture of continuous improvement. We reorganized into four global businesses for maximum growth and returns. We worked hard to eliminate waste and boost productivity.  Throughout this process, our ability to listen and build relationships remained the primary differentiator in our commercial success. In 2007, for example, we continued to win new business with long-term customers such as Samsung; Jushi Group Co., Ltd.; Guofeng Steel Co Ltd; Eastman Chemical, Inc.; Wison Chemical Company Ltd.; Hynix Semiconductor Inc.; NASA and many, many others. We increased capacity of nitrogen trifluoride in Korea, nitrous oxide in Taiwan, and tungsten hexafluoride in the U.S. and expanded our R&D activities to meet our global Electronics and Performance Materials

4

Air Products Annual Report 2007 | Letter to Shareholders

customers' growth. Our petroleum refining, chemical and metallurgical customers again depended on the operational excellence and reliability we provided from our Tonnage plants and supply networks. And we continued to debottleneck and draw more volumes from our existing Merchant facilities while undertaking capacity expansions in regions where our customers need product the most.  As we look to the future, and the pace of change continues to accelerate, we'll focus on agility, speed and innovation to take our customer relationships to the next level. We believe we are well positioned to do this--we have a long history of anticipating and evolving with market events and trends that have driven our growth and helped make our customers more successful. As New York Times columnist Thomas Friedman says in his book, The World is Flat, successful companies thrive on change and on embracing the challenges and opportunities that come with it.  You can read more about our drivers for growth on the pages that follow.

On Our Horizon
As John and I transition leadership, Air Products is positioned to become an even highergrowth, higher-return company. Moving into 2008, we are positioned in the right markets and geographies. We have a strong project workload, and bidding activity across our segments remains high.  We will work to expand our margins and continue to reduce costs across all of our businesses, with a goal of driving a 100 basis point margin improvement in fiscal 2008 and a 300 basis point increase over the next three years. And we expect to maintain a premium to our cost of capital going forward.  What all of this translates into is our focus on achieving a fifth consecutive year of double-digit earnings growth and continued improvement in return on capital in 2008. Our people's focus on continuing to develop our leadership positions today while relentlessly pursuing the growth opportunities of tomorrow has never been sharper. Sincerely,

John P. Jones III Chairman

John E. McGlade President and Chief Executive Officer

5

