Dear Shareholder, last year, I outlined what I called our winning strategy. I commented that a winning strategy takes time, thought, and much consideration. We defined our strategy as: winning in the energy, environmental and emerging markets; executing on innovation, integration and improvement; delivering on revenue, margin and return goals. the last year was one of strategic investment and portfolio actions for Air products, with a focus on future growth. While I am very satisfied with the portfolio actions we took, I am also very disappointed with our overall performance in 2012. We did not meet your expectations, and I know that we need to deliver better results for our shareholders in 2013. I remain convinced that our strategy is the right one and is robust enough to cope with the changing winds of the world economy. What we are doing now is increasing our focus on execution as we work through these difficult economic headwinds.
Fiscal 2012 results
Global manufacturing growth continued to slow in 2012, which impacted our results. Sales of $9.6 billion decreased one percent. underlying sales grew one percent from higher tonnage volumes, which were partially offset by weakness across our Merchant segment, particularly in europe. operating income of $1.5 billion* decreased one percent. Adjusted earnings per share increased one percent to $5.40.* Margin for the year was 16 percent.* After tax return on capital employed (RoCe) decreased by 100 basis points to 11.5 percent,* primarily due to acquisitions, weak asset loading and increased capital spending. this is still well above our cost of capital of eight percent. our operating cash flow was once again strong this year, with a three percent increase over FY2011. Capital expenditure was $2.8 billion*, which includes our investment in InDuRA. excluding InDuRA, capital spending increased 36 percent versus last year. We are very proud that this is our thirtieth year of increased dividend for shareholders.

Winning more in energy, environmental and emerging markets
the challenges of the global economy did not stop us winning profitable new business in the

energy, environmental and emerging markets. We are winning in China, with four further contracts for large- scale oxygen for coal gasification. Currently, we are executing six projects in this exciting growth market totaling over 28,000 tons per day of oxygen. We are winning in hydrogen, including our investment in the world's largest hydrogen pipeline network in the u.S. Gulf Coast, which we completed in 2012. this strengthens our position as the world's leading supplier of hydrogen. In texas and louisiana, we now have more than 20 plants connected via this system, creating unrivaled supply for our customers and prospects while enabling us to optimize the energy cost and volumes from the system. our most recent new deal with Motiva, announced in May, was in part due to this investment. We are winning in electronics with our on-site model. this year, we announced new business with Samsung for their large new complex in Xian, China and uMC to support their growth in tainan, taiwan. We are winning in lnG, securing new orders in Malaysia and Australia. And we are set to win from our exciting new waste-to-energy project in the u.K., which draws on our vast on-site business and operating experience.

taking the right portfolio actions
We took actions to rebalance our portfolio, exiting businesses that no longer fit our strategy and adding ones that do, particularly in emerging markets. We sold our european homecare business due to the trends toward concentrator and non-oxygen therapies and expect to exit the remaining business in the u.K. and Ireland by early 2013. We also announced that we are exiting the polyurethane intermedi- ates business and are restructuring our photovoltaic business to reflect changing market conditions. I am excited to have secured our investment in InDuRA, which was the largest independent industrial gases business in South America, giving us a superb position to combine our respective strengths in the region. In the Middle east, we are now a 25 percent partner with Saudi Arabia's largest industrial gas company, Abdullah Hashim Group. We also entered a new joint venture with the Arabian Company for power and Water Development to target large-scale industrial gas projects, also in Saudi Arabia. Finally, we secured the remain- ing 50 percent of our DA nanoMaterials joint venture, boosting our electronics division, and purchased a small but strategically important position for our performance Materials Division.

taking challenging actions to improve results
the economy did not grow as we expected in our fiscal year 2012. this clearly impacted our

performance. As I look to 2013, we continue to predict modest manufacturing growth, and distinct concerns remain in Asia, europe and north America. In response, we are taking challenging actions to prepare for what could be an extended slowdown and to improve our performance in critical areas. I have asked the Air products team to concentrate on these five immediate priorities, with the intention that we get our margin and return improvement goals back on track. 1. Merchant: increase volume loading on our existing assets to boost earnings, margins and returns. 2. tonnage: execute our new projects on time and on budget, and improve our plant efficiencies for better returns. 3. electronics and Performance Materials: focus on major customers and introduce new offerings that improve both margins and returns. 4. Pricing: use the tools we have invested in to take effective pricing actions in our Merchant, electronics, and performance Materials businesses. 5. Productivity and cost reduction: we have seen the benefit of our efforts in these areas in 2012. Going forward, we need to increase our efforts and deliver greater benefits in the future.

the right goals
When we outlined our financial goals last year, we knew they were challenging but attainable. Since then, the global economy has only delivered about half of the approximately five percent manufacturing growth that formed the basis for our ability to reach those targets in 2015. Given that reality, we have had to accept that we will be unlikely to meet those goals by 2015. While we are not in a position to commit to a specific time frame to achieve these goals, I want to be clear that we are not dismissing them. As part of our response, we are rebalancing what we focus on in the near term, with margin and RoCe improvements our highest priority. to be clear, I continue to firmly believe that these are the right goals for Air products. We are not taking our eye off of future growth either; our recent portfolio actions, a healthy project backlog, and our commitment to CApeX in fiscal year 2013 comparable to fiscal year 2012 (exclud- ing InDuRA) are testimony to that. We will continue to be disci- plined about the projects we select. there are many great things about Air products, most importantly our employees. one of our proven traits is responding with a sense of urgency when there is a need to act. With over 21,000 employees taking actions to address our margin and return

goals and meet our shareholders' expectations, there will be no stopping us. Very truly yours,

