Dear Shareholder, October 1, 2010 marked the beginning of our fiscal year and the 70th anniversary of Air Products' founding, which we are commemorating with the theme, "Celebrating the Innovation of the Past and Its Promise for the Future." The resiliency of this 70-year-old Company is directly attributable to the creativity, passion and confidence of the Company's employees. These traits were evident in fiscal 2010 when, after two challenging years weathering the recession, we saw significant business improvement and announced a number of new investments and initiatives that will drive growth well into the future. Our employees' efforts are also why we remain on target to hit our goal of a 17 percent margin in fiscal 2011.
Fiscal 2010 results
We finished fiscal 2010 with $9 billion in sales, a 9 percent increase from the prior year's $8.3 billion. We delivered strong volume growth as the economy improved. Our growth was driven by our Electronics and Performance Materials business, and new investments and contracts in our Tonnage Gases segment. This past year, we significantly increased our productivity and competitiveness. Earnings per share increased 24 percent to $5.02. Our operating income increased 25 percent to $1.5 billion and our operating margin grew 220 basis points to 16.5 percent, our highest margin in recent times. Our return on capital employed improved to 12.4 percent in fiscal 2010, almost 200 basis points higher than the prior year. Finally, we increased our dividend for the 28th straight year.

highlights from the Year
During the year, we announced a number of important projects, including world-scale hydrogen plants for Monsanto in Luling, Louisiana; ExxonMobil in Rotterdam, the Netherlands; and PetroChina in Sichuan, China. We also received the largest single air separation unit (ASU) on-site order ever committed to an industrial gas company. We will build, own and operate three ASU trains, producing over 8,200 tons per day (TPD) of oxygen and more than 3,100 TPD of nitrogen for Pucheng Clean Energy Co., Ltd. Our Electronics business signed a contract with Samsung to double the existing bulk gas supply of high-purity oxygen and nitrogen at the company's Austin, Texas, site. A

significant amount of specialty gas and chemical delivery equipment will also be supplied. Early in the fiscal year, we cut the ribbon on our new world-scale Performance Materials plant in Nanjing, China, significantly increasing this business's presence and capability within the high- growth Asia region. Our Equipment business announced a sizable deal with Chevron to supply its Gorgon Project in western Australia with our proprietary liquefied natural gas (LNG) process technology and equipment for three process trains producing up to 15 million tons of LNG per year. Of course, we also made a compelling offer to acquire Airgas, Inc. in February. We believe the combination of our global leadership and geographic positions in the liquid bulk and tonnage gas businesses combined with Airgas' leadership in the U.S. packaged gases business, will result in a global industrial gas leader with strengths and competencies across all distribution channels and geographies.

Celebrating the Innovation of the Past and Its Promise for the Future
Since our founding, we've used our understanding of the industries and customers we serve to develop unique answers to their problems while driving profitable growth for our investors. Looking ahead, innovation remains an important element of our success. In the past year, we have undertaken a number of initiatives that we expect to pay dividends well into the future. In our tonnage business, our new hydrogen plants currently under construction feature technology advancements to maximize facility energy efficiency while reducing emissions. These enhanced designs target minimal loss of heat to the environment, which results in a reduction in the quantity of natural gas consumed. Our work around carbon capture and purification continues to hold promise. Earlier this year, Air Products was selected by the U.S. Department of Energy to receive approximately $250 million in funding under the Industrial Carbon Capture and Sequestration Program for our project in Port Arthur, Texas. We plan to design, construct and operate a state-of-the-art system to capture carbon dioxide (CO2) from our facilities located in Port Arthur. The recovered and purified CO2 would then be used for injection into existing oil fields to improve oil production. Approximately one million tons of CO2 will be recovered annually, purified and delivered via pipeline to nearby oil fields. Our efforts don't end there. We are involved in a number of projects around the world.

In fact, we are targeting the start-up of our pilot plant at Vattenfall AB, one of Europe's leading energy companies, by the end of December. Air Products is installing its proprietary CO2 capture, purification and compression system at Vattenfall's research and development facility in Schwarze Pumpe, Germany, a project that is viewed as the preeminent CO2 oxyfuel project in the world. During the year, we also commissioned our new combustion lab, which is focused on clean energy. The lab will further enhance Air Products' ability to leverage its more than 40 years of knowledge in combustion, thus providing our customers in the glass, metals and refining businesses with the efficiency, productivity and environmental benefits they have come to expect from working with us. Innovation has always been at the heart of what we do in our Electronics and Performance Materials businesses. Electronics introduced xenon difluoride (XeF2), a unique etching material used in the electronics industry. The business also introduced its EXTREMA® Precursors for next-generation memory applications, which help to enable the newest smartphones and tablet computers. In Performance Materials, we introduced a number of new, environmentally friendly defoamers and surfactants for the coatings, graphic arts and adhesives markets. These new products help manufacturers reduce their environmental impact without sacrificing quality and performance.

Sustainability
We see sustainability as part of what we do and who we are. It has been and will continue to be a source of growth for us. In the area of environmental stewardship, we have set aggressive targets for our performance. As a socially responsible corporation, we strive to be a good employer and neighbor. We are committed to building relationships in the communities in which we operate. Our employees are engaged in their communities and help support our priorities of education, health and human services, community and economic development, arts and culture, and environment and safety. As we mark the 70th anniversary of Air Products, global macro trends driven by societal demands, legislative changes, and demographic shifts are providing even more opportunities for us to grow.

outlook

As Air Products begins its eighth decade, we are excited by our opportunities and remain committed to delivering consistent, strong earnings growth along with improved margins and returns throughout the economic cycle. We expect our capital expenditures in 2011 to be in a range of $1.5 to $1.7 billion, excluding acquisitions, and we continue to be interested in acquiring captive plants from our customers like we did with MarkWest and Xingtai Steel. We remain focused on delivering the performance you have come to expect from us as a shareholder. As we close out fiscal 2010 and look to the future, I want to thank our employees around the world for their hard work, focus and dedication. They created the momentum that will allow us to deliver on our 17 percent margin target in fiscal 2011 while driving double-digit EPS growth and continuing our return on capital improvements. Thank you for your continued support and investment in Air Products. Very truly yours, John E. McGlade Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

