 Acknowledgments
In closing, I want to thank those who have supported us throughout the year and helped us achieve our success.
To our customers . . . In serving you, we serve our higher purpose, supplying products that benefit the environment and help you to be more efficient and sustainable. Providing you with innovative products and excellent service is the reason Air Products exists and underpins everything we do. Thank you for giving us your business.
To our employees . . . It is an honor and privilege to work with the great team at
Air Products. You delivered excellent safety and financial performance and are continuing to drive for simplicity and self-confidence in everything you do. Thank you for never being satisfied. I know you share my passion to implement our culture of safety, simplicity, speed and self confidence, so that we continue to be the best in the industry.
To our shareholders . . . Thank you for your confidence and trust in Air Products. Our priority remains creating superior value for you.
Seifi Ghasemi
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Air Products
  Air Products will be the safest, most diverse and most profitable industrial gas company in the world, providing excellent service to our
customers.
To our shareholders
Elevating Diversity and Inclusion in our Goal
In addition to being the safest and most profitable industrial gas company in the world, we elevated our commitment to diversity and inclusion by explicitly incorporating it in our goal. This is a natural extension of the culture we are building at Air Products. I believe this focus on diversity and inclusion will contribute
to maintaining our position as the most profitable industrial gas company over the long term, because, as IÕve always said, the degree of commitment and motivation of our people is the real sustainable competitive advantage that we have. We want to ensure we are providing opportunities and the right environment for everyone to contribute and succeed, regardless of gender, color, race, religion, orientation, country of origin or any other dimension of diversity.
Air Products | 2017 Annual Report VIII
