To our shareholders*
My fellow shareholders,
Our mission at Air Products is to be a best-in-class, thriving and profitable commercial enterprise in order to create value for our shareholders. The only way
to serve our customers with excellence, develop and reward our employees, and support our communities is to have a profitable company with satisfied shareholders.
Safety is job #1 for all of us at Air Products. I am very pleased to report that we made significant progress in improving our safety performance in fiscal year 2016. Our goal remains to achieve zero accidents and incidents in our operations worldwide.
  Safety results
Employee lost time injury rate
Employee recordable injury rate
FY15 FY16
0.20 0.16 0.49 0.43
Change
20% better 12% better
 Seifi Ghasemi
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Air Products
 Our management principles
In managing Air Products, we are guided by the following key principles:
• Cashisking.Wearefocusedongenerating cash, and our incentive systems are based on adjusted EBITDA.
• Inthelong-term,whatcreatesvalueforour shareholders is the increase in per-share value of our stock, not EPS or growth rate.
• Capitalallocationisthemostimportantjob of any CEO.
• Decentralizedorganizationspromote entrepreneurial spirit, reduce costs and help decrease corporate politics.
• Wenurturecorevaluessuchassafety,integrity, respect and innovation, which are all at the heart of every successful enterprise.
In line with our stated mission, last year we committed to deliver fiscal year 2016 adjusted earnings per share (EPS) of $7.25 to $7.50 per share. Despite weaker than forecast economic activity and a currency headwind
of $0.16 per share, our people delivered an adjusted EPS of $7.55 per share, a 14 percent improvement over last year, while increasing the adjusted operating margin by 400 basis points to 23.1 percent and adjusted EBITDA margin by 420 basis points to 34.4 percent.
You can read more about our fiscal year 2016 perfor- mance in the detailed report that follows this letter. But I wanted to acknowledge and thank our talented, committed and motivated employees for delivering these outstanding results and moving Air Products forward. Their performance shows their determination to achieve our goal, which is to be the safest and most profitable industrial gas company in the world, providing excellent service to our customers.
Air Products | 2016 Annual Report VI
*The results included in this letter are non-GAAP.
See reconciliation to GAAP results within Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, of the accompanying Form 10-K.

Progress implementing our Five-Point Plan
 Two-and-a-half years ago, we launched a strategic Five-Point Plan to achieve our stated goal of becoming the safest and most profitable industrial gas company in the world. I am very pleased to report that during fiscal 2016, we made further progress in implementing our Plan:
1. Focus on the core
Air Products is determined to focus on its core business and core competency, that is, industrial gases. In September 2015, we announced the intention to separate Materials Technologies, which included the Performance Materials and Electronic Materials businesses. In
May 2016, we announced an agreement to sell our Performance Materials business to Evonik for $3.8 billion in cash, and we said we would proceed with the spin-off of Electronic Materials as a stand-alone company. I am very pleased to report that Versum Materials, Inc. spun off on October 1, 2016, and we are working to complete the sale of our Performance Materials business as soon as possible. These actions will further enhance our ability to take advantage of exciting investment opportunities to grow our core industrial gases business.
2. Restructure the company
Successfully executing the second point of our Plan hinged on our ability to run our industrial gases business on a geographically focused structure. Last year, we embarked on the largest organizational restructuring that Air Products has ever undertaken, creating more than 40 teams with individual incentive plans and the empowered, decentralized structure that we have today. We also eliminated significant layers of management and the global structure on top of the local structure. This fundamental restructuring of the company is now complete and fully functional, delivering the excellent results you see in this Annual Report.
3. Company culture
I have always believed that the culture of the company is a key element of success. No matter how strong the strategy, it must be executed by every employee in the company. Therefore, the fundamental culture of the enterprise, and the commitment and motivation of our people, will guarantee our success.
To that end, we relentlessly promote the following key principles at Air Products:
• Safety: The only acceptable goal is zero accidents and incidents. All accidents are preventable. Everyone is responsible and accountable for safety at Air Products.
• Simplicity: We constantly endeavor to simplify our organization and work processes. This is essential to improve productivity and enhance our ability to serve our customers. We focus not only on doing things right, but on doing the right things. We eliminate unnecessary work so that we have time and energy to do what is necessary.
• Speed: We believe speed of execution is a key competitive advantage.
• Self-confidence: As a team, we believe we have the capability and the capacity to be the best in the industry.
4. Controlling capital and costs
We made excellent progress this year in the responsible use of cash and controlling costs. Our CFO and I review every capital investment of more than $3 million, and we’ve established a minimum hurdle rate of 10 percent internal rate of return for all new projects. Meanwhile, we significantly reduced our cost structure through
our major reorganization, lowering overhead costs by $300 million run rate. We have a detailed plan to achieve an additional $300 million of operational cost savings.
In fiscal year 2016, we delivered more than $75 million
of this cost saving initiative, and we are well on our way to deliver the balance in the next three years.
5. Align rewards
We have completely changed the incentive reward program. Annual performance bonus is based on adjusted EBITDA results, and people are rewarded on what they achieve in their specific business unit. This has created differentiation. Some units in 2016 will get up to 200 percent of their targeted rewards – well deserved. And our long-term incentive plan is now based on the relative total shareholder return as described in our Proxy Statement.
VII

To our shareholders
Promoting growth
While improving our cost structure and delivering on our financial commitments, we also remained focused on winning profitable projects to ensure future growth.
During the year, we were successful in bringing onstream several large projects in China and around the world. We were honored to have Saudi Aramco, the world’s largest oil company, award us the right to build the world’s largest industrial gas complex with an investment of more than $2 billion. This project was awarded to us in fiscal year 2015, and we are making significant progress in executing this project.
During the year, we also started up a world-scale hydrogen plant in Canada to support our pipeline customers. In the U.S., we completed and successfully started up the facilities to supply gases to Big River Steel in Arkansas; won the right to build and operate a plant to support the activities of Chemours in Tennessee; and broke ground on a new, world-class hydrogen plant for Covestro in Texas, connecting to our existing Gulf Coast pipeline system. We will also build a major air separation unit to support our customers in Ulsan, Korea.
Acknowledgments
I want to close by thanking those who have supported us throughout the year and helped us achieve our success.
To our customers . . . We thank you for giving us your business. At the end of the day, we recognize that Air Products could not exist without your confidence and support. That’s why we strive to provide you with solutions and innovations that you need to be successful. Your success is our success. Providing excellent service to you, our customers, remains the foundation of all we are aiming to achieve.
To our employees . . . I want to thank everyone at
Air Products for your commitment to excellence, dedication, collaboration and hard work. The collective success of Air Products depends on each one of our people coming to work, acting as if he or she is the CEO of the company, and doing his or her best to improve our performance. I know that our people are committed to making Air Products successful, and that is the main reason I am optimistic about the future of our company.
To our shareholders . . . Thank you for your confidence and investment in our company. We are focused on creating shareholder value; that is our priority at
Air Products.
Seifi Ghasemi
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Air Products
 Our goal is to be the safest and most profitable industrial gas company in the world, providing excellent service to our customers.
 Air Products | 2016 Annual Report VIII
