To our shareholders*
My fellow shareholders,
Our mission at Air Products is to be a best-in-class, thriving and profitable commercial enterprise in order to create value for our shareholders. The only way to serve our customers with excellence, develop and reward our employees, and support our communities is to have a profitable company with satisfied shareholders. In line with our stated mission, last year, we committed to deliver fiscal 2015 earnings per share (EPS) of $6.30 to $6.55. Despite weaker than forecasted economic activity and a currency headwind of more than $.40 per share, our people delivered an EPS of $6.57, a 14 percent improvement over last year, while increasing the operating margin by 310 basis points to 19 percent and the adjusted EBITDA margin by 360 basis points to 30.1 percent.*
Photo courtesy of NYSE

This was achieved while improving our safety performance, completing the most significant organizational change in Air Products' 75-year history, winning profitable projects with major customers around the world, and announcing our intention to spin-off the Materials Technologies business by September 2016. You can read more about our performance in fiscal 2015 in the detailed report that follows this letter. But I want to acknowledge and thank our talented, committed and motivated employees for delivering these outstanding results and moving our company forward. Their performance shows their determination to achieve our goal, which is to be the safest and most profitable industrial gas company in the world, providing excellent service to our customers.

Our management principles
In managing Air Products, we are guided by the following key principles: · Cash is king. We are focused on generating cash, and our incentive systems are based on EBITDA. · In the long-term, what creates value for our shareholders is the increase in per-share value of our stock, not EPS or growth rate. · Capital allocation is the most important job of any CEO. · Decentralized organizations promote entrepreneurial spirit, reduce costs and help decrease corporate politics. · We nurture core values such as integrity, respect and innovation, which are at the heart of every successful enterprise.

Air Products' Chairman, President and CEO Seifi Ghasemi and employee winners of the company's 75th anniversary storytelling contest rang The Closing Bell® at the New York Stock Exchange on November 6, 2015.

*The results included in this letter are non-GAAP, including, without limitation, all references to earnings per share. See reconciliation to GAAP results within Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, of the accompanying Form 10-K.
Air Products | 2015 Annual Report

VI

Progress implementing our five point plan
Last year, we launched a strategic Five Point Plan as a roadmap to achieve our stated goal of being the most profitable industrial gas company in the world and transforming Air Products. I am very pleased to report that during 2015, we made excellent progress implementing our Plan. To that end, we relentlessly promote the following key principles at Air Products: · Safety: The only acceptable goal is zero accidents and incidents. All accidents are preventable. Everyone is responsible and accountable for safety at Air Products. · Simplicity: We constantly endeavor to simplify our organization and work processes. This is essential to improve productivity and enhance our ability to serve our customers. We focus not only on doing things right, but on doing the right things. We eliminate unnecessary work so that we have time and energy to do what is necessary. · Speed: We believe speed of execution is a key competitive advantage. · Self-confidence: As a team, we believe we have the capability and the capacity to be the best in the industry.

1. Focus on the core
Air Products is determined to focus on its core business and core competency--that is, industrial gases. We did announce that we intend to spin-off our Materials Technologies business, tax-free to our US shareholders, and set it up as a separate, stand-alone public company by September 2016. This business is about 20 percent of Air Products. The spin-off will provide shareholders with ownership in two leading and focused companies. I will continue my role with Air Products and also become the non-executive chairman of the new specialty materials company, which will be called Versum Materials.

2. Restructure the company
Successfully executing the second point of our Plan hinged on our ability to run our industrial gases business on a geographically focused structure. During fiscal 2015, we embarked on the largest organizational restructuring that Air Products has ever undertaken, creating more than 40 profit centers with individual incentive plans, and the empowered, decentralized structure that we have today. We eliminated significant layers of management and the global structure on top of the local structure. With the organization in place, our people are focused on outstanding customer service, profitability, efficiency and cost reduction, and they are delivering the results that you can see in this Annual Report.

4. Controlling capital and costs
We made excellent progress this year in the responsible use of cash and controlling costs. Our CFO and I review every capital investment of more than $3 million, and we've established a minimum hurdle rate of 10 percent internal rate of return for all new projects. Meanwhile, we significantly reduced our cost structure through a major reorganization, lowering overhead costs by $300 million run rate. We have a detailed plan to achieve an additional $300 million of operational cost savings over the next four years.

5. Align rewards
We have completely changed the incentive reward program. Annual performance bonus is based on EBITDA results, and people are rewarded for what they achieve in their specific business units. This has created differentiation: some units in 2015 will get no incentive award, while other units will get 200 percent of their targeted awards. And our long-term incentive plan is now based on the relative total shareholder return as described in our Proxy Statement.

3. Company culture
I have always believed that the culture of the company is a key element of success. No matter how strong the strategy, it must be executed by every employee in the company. Therefore, the fundamental culture of the enterprise, and the commitment and motivation of our people, will guarantee our success.

VII

To our shareholders
Promoting growth
While improving our cost structure and delivering on our financial commitments, we also remained focused on winning profitable projects to ensure future growth. During the year, we were successful in bringing onstream several large projects in China with over 20,000 tons per day of additional oxygen capacity. We were honored to have Saudi Aramco, the world's largest oil company, award us the right to build the world's largest industrial gas complex with an investment of more than $2 billion. Once built, this facility will supply almost 75,000 tons per day of oxygen and nitrogen to Saudi Aramco based on a long-term, 20-year supply contract. We also won a significant contract to build a world-scale facility for a major semiconductor company in South Korea and an oxygen supply contract for Big River Steel in the US. And we announced that we will be building a world-scale hydrogen plant with an investment of around $400 million to supply hydrogen and carbon monoxide through our pipeline system in Texas. These wins added to the celebration this year, as Air Products marked 75 years in business, reliably serving customers around the world.

Acknowledgments
I want to close by thanking those who have supported us throughout the year and helped us achieve our success.

To our customers . . . We thank you for giving us your business. At the end of the day, we recognize that Air Products could not exist without your confidence and support. That's why we strive to provide you with solutions and innovations that you need to be successful. Your success is our success. Providing excellent service to you, our customers, remains the foundation of all we are aiming to achieve as we transform our company. To our employees . . . I want to thank everyone at
Air Products for your commitment to excellence, dedication, collaboration and hard work. The collective success of Air Products depends on each one of our people coming to work, acting as if he or she is the CEO of the company, and doing his or her best to improve our performance. I know that our people are committed to making Air Products successful, and that is the main reason I am optimistic about the future of our company.

To our shareholders . . . Thank you for your confidence
and investment in our company. We are focused on creating shareholder value; that is our priority at Air Products.

Seifi Ghasemi Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Air Products

75
years Since 1940
Air Products | 2015 Annual Report

VIII

