Dear Fellow Shareholders:
As we celebrate Amphenol’s 25th anniversary as a public company, we are proud to have achieved another year of record performance in 2015. These last 25 years have been truly momentous for the world, for our industry
and for Amphenol. During that time, the
global order has shifted dramatically with the rise of new emerging geographies and the technology industry has enabled what was once unimaginable. Amidst this unprecedented pace of change, Amphenol has thrived in every environment and throughout each economic cycle. During this quarter century, the one constant for our Company has been our unique culture of entrepreneurial ownership, a culture that enabled us once again in 2015 to drive superior results for our shareholders.
In 2015, the Company achieved new records in Sales, Operating Margin, EPS and Cash Flow. Sales grew 4% in US dollars and 8% in local currencies to $5.6 billion and adjusted EPS grew 8% to $2.43. Adjusted operating margin reached an industry-leading 19.9%, and adjusted net income as a percentage of sales achieved 13.8%, an outstanding level of profitability by any comparable standard. The Company’s operating discipline was clearly reflected in our more than $1 billion in operating cash flow and $858 million of free cash flow, the highest levels generated in the Company’s history. We continued to use this cash flow to make substantial investments in Amphenol’s future. We broadened our market diversification, accelerated our new technology developments, expanded our manufacturing footprint, invested in new strategic acquisitions and deepened our management team. Importantly, we accomplished these impressive results despite an increased level of uncertainty that emerged in the world’s economies throughout the course of 2015. In fact, it is exactly in such challenging times that Amphenol’s agile, entrepreneurial organization demonstrates
its greatest strengths.
2 AMPHENOL CORPORATION
On January 8, 2016, we closed the acquisition of FCI Connectors, the largest acquisition in the history of Amphenol.
The Company reached a number of important milestones in 2015:
• The announcement in 2015, and closing in January 2016, of the acquisition of FCI Connectors, the largest acquisition in the history of Amphenol;
• The completion of three other strategic acquisitions, Invotec, DoCharm and Procom, bringing our total number of acquired companies to 15 in the last four years;
• The fourth increase in the Company’s dividend in the last four years; and
• The repurchase of 4.5 million shares of the Company’s stock.
We accomplished all of this by capitalizing on the vast range of opportunities being created by the revolution in electronics that is taking place across all of our
end markets. The electronics revolution continues to create significant growth and profit potential for the Company, as new equipment, functionalities and applications are being created at an accelerating pace, thereby driving expanded demand for our performance-enhancing products.
In 2015, we played an even more critical role in enabling that revolution, as we further diversified our market presence and extended the range of interconnect products that we provide. We now have the broadest range of products in the Company’s history, which are sold into the most diverse and balanced array of markets, customers and applications in the electronics industry. Looking towards the future, we enter 2016 in the strongest position in the Company’s 84-year history, ready to take advantage of the multitude of exciting opportunities that we see.
      
   We continue to expand manufacturing in low cost regions while accelerating the adoption of automation to drive competitiveness.
Our consistent focus on technology innovation and customer support through all phases of the economic cycle once again has resulted in the Company strengthening our position across each of our important end markets.
We participate in eight major markets: automotive, broadband, commercial air, industrial, information technology and data communications, military, mobile devices and mobile networks.
Importantly, no single market represented more than 19% of our sales in 2015. This balanced presence across our end markets insulates the Company from the specific risk of each individual market, while at the same time exposing us to the technological developments and opportunities for growth that arise in all corners of the electronics industry. Our strong growth in 2015 was driven by excellent performance in the automotive, mobile devices and industrial markets, with modest increases in the IT Datacom and military markets, offset by reductions in the broadband, commercial air and mobile networks markets. The Company’s achievement of 8% sales growth in local currencies despite the heightened degree of uncertainty in the world markets is another clear confirmation of the strength of Amphenol’s diversification and the value created by our acquisition program. This gives us continued
confidence for the future.
Amphenol products are incorporated into a wide array of electronics systems, from complex, next-generation airliners to advanced automotive electronics, from sophisticated military communications systems to the latest mobile computing platforms, from vast data centers to internet-connected devices, and from high-speed trains to rooftop solar panels. The Company’s diversification has the added benefit of enabling
a cross pollination of engineering and technology, thereby ensuring that we have leading product offerings for all of our customers. Ultimately, this allows us to further expand into new markets, new customers and new
applications. We are especially
encouraged by the potential in the
multitude of new markets that continue
to emerge, including next-generation
electric vehicles, advanced battery storage
systems, alternative energy generation, web scale data centers and wearable consumer devices. We believe that these and many more new applications have the real potential to create additional strong platforms for the Company’s long-term growth.
We are especially pleased that we have significantly expanded our market potential in 2015, both organically and through our acquisition program. In particular, it has now been more than two years since we added sensors
to our product portfolio through the acquisitions of the Advanced Sensors business in 2013 and Casco in 2014, thereby expanding our addressable market to approximately $130 billion.
Our broadened capabilities in the areas of connectors, interconnect assemblies, cable and printed circuits, antennas and sensors significantly expand our reach, resulting in our ability to design and manufacture integrated solutions to meet the increasing requirements of our customers around the world. Amphenol’s dynamic, global organization is focused on partnering with customers in all of our end markets to develop innovative solutions that drive overall equipment performance to higher levels. Our focus on products that support mobility, drive
With the acquisition of Procom, we broadened our industry-leading antenna capabilities, including into the industrial market.
  2015 ANNUAL REPORT 3

 increasing bandwidth, minimize power consumption, allow functionality in harsh environments and enable a broad array of sensing technologies has positioned us as the supplier of choice to the leading electronics equipment manufacturers and service providers across all of our served markets, creating a sustainable performance advantage. As electronics systems grow ever more complex, performance challenges become increasingly difficult to manage. Solving these high technology challenges is the essence of how our products create value.
The Company has outperformed
the industry for more than 10 years, achieving a nearly 12% compound annual growth rate, approximately three times the industry average. We achieved our growth in 2015 both organically and through the continued success of our acquisition program.
The acquisition of FCI, which was announced in June 2015, and which closed on January 8, 2016, represents a significant milestone in the history of Amphenol. FCI is a leading, diversified, global high-technology interconnect products manufacturer, with a broad array of high-speed, power, input-output and board level interconnect products for the IT Datacom, industrial, mobile networks, mobile devices and automotive markets. With operations in China, Malaysia, Singapore, India, France and
the United States, FCI’s more than 7,000 employees significantly strengthen our capabilities, while broadening our presence with customers around the world. We expect
Our investments in next-generation testing and verification ensure the highest levels of product technology and performance.
Above all, Amphenol’s greatest asset is
our entrepreneurial management team,
an unparalleled collection of individuals
that drives a high-performance culture of ownership at every level of our organization.
At year end and with the acquisition of FCI, we would have had more than 57,000 employees, of whom more than 80 percent were employed in low-cost regions. Our talent development program has produced nearly 100 general managers. These individuals run comprehensive businesses and assume full accountability for their performance, all while remaining committed to driving sustained excellent performance for the Company in any economic environment.
The Amphenol management team is a truly special collection of empowered and accountable leaders, each of whom focuses intensively on their respective segment of the electronics industry, but all of whom share a common goal of creating superior results for the overall Company. It is through this outstanding team of agile, entrepreneurial “Amphenolians” that we are able to consistently capitalize on the incredible array of opportunities that arise every day across our diverse end markets.
Amphenol’s long-standing, consistent track record of success is the result of our steadfast adherence to a simple philosophy:
• Create opportunities for growth and margin expansion by providing performance-enhancing technologies to our customers
• Maintain close contact with and support for local markets and customers
• Manage risk through diversification and flexibility
• Manage the Company’s money as if it were our own, through
efficient investments and relentless cost control
• Capitalize on the acquisition opportunities created by a fragmented industry
• Maximize operating performance through a collaborative, entrepreneurial management structure with clear accountability for results
       an
FCI to add approximately $570 million in
F
      sa
al
nd
les and $0.12 of EPS accretion in 2016,
   d to create another excellent long-term
   dr
ver of Amphenol’s profitable growth.
d
iv
ri
     In addition to the acquisition of FCI, we added three other new family members to Amphenol in 2015, with the acquisitions of Invotec, DoCharm and Procom, all of which represent excellent new platforms for future expansion. These fine companies further expand our position in the military aerospace, industrial and automotive markets. Our acquisition program remains a great strength for Amphenol, as we are able to achieve an excellent return on our investment by adding leading-edge new technologies, complementary market positions and outstanding management talent. We believe that our long and successful track record of completing nearly 65 acquisitions over the last 15 years, together with our uniquely entrepreneurial culture, have made us the “acquirer of choice” in our industry for the great number of independent companies who may eventually decide to join forces with a
larger organization.
4 AMPHENOL CORPORATION
          
 The entire Amphenol team has created significant value through many business cycles, driving growth that is approximately three times the rate of the overall interconnect industry for more than a decade, all while achieving industry-leading profitability. This outperformance is a direct result of the consistent application of our strategy by our operating executives and the local general managers of each Amphenol operating unit worldwide. Their drive to maximize the performance of each of their businesses in their particular markets and regions is what sets Amphenol apart.
This culture of ownership extends to both technology leadership and operating discipline—the key ingredients to sustained industry-leading performance.
• Our emphasis on technology leadership and product innovation is vital to both growth and profitability. We will continue to
leverage our strong technology
capabilities to create new market opportunities by
offering our customers unique technological advantages. In addition, we will tailor our new product development towards higher
margin opportunities by creating value for our customers through leading-edge innovations that enhance overall equipment performance.
We continue to grow and develop our global team of high-performing “Amphenolians.”
• Our culture of strong operating discipline will continue
to result in consistent achievement of industry-leading profitability and cash flow. We will drive proactive cost reductions to stay ahead of competition. We will react quickly at the local level to market dynamics. We will maintain financial discipline. And we will continue to drive accountability and a superior performance culture down to every level of our organization.
We expanded our position in the China automotive interconnect market with the acquisition of DoCharm.
This is the Amphenol difference. This is how we will continue to enhance overall return and how we intend to continue to outperform the industry in any economic environment.
During the last 25 years, Amphenol has grown sales by nearly ten-fold, from less than $500 million to $5.6 billion, while expanding adjusted EPS nearly 100-fold from $0.02 to $2.43.
During this time, we have expanded to become the broadest and most balanced interconnect manufacturer in the industry. As we leave 2015 and enter our next quarter century as a public company, we do so with great pride in having once again established new records of performance, resulting in the Company being in the strongest position in our 84-year history. While we cannot predict what the coming years and decades will bring, we firmly believe that regardless, Amphenol is uniquely positioned to continue to outperform the industry as we leverage both our technology and our unique culture to reach new heights of performance in 2016 and beyond.
It is with the full commitment of our management team and every Amphenol employee that we will continue to drive the Company forward to produce superior performance for our customers, satisfaction for our employees and excellent returns for our shareholders.
R. Adam Norwitt
President and Chief Executive Officer
    2015 ANNUAL REPORT 5
