Dear Fellow Shareholders:
 2005 was a year of record performance.
The Company achieved new records for sales, EPS and cash flow. Sales grew 18% to $1.8 billion, EPS grew 25% to $2.28 and net income as a percentage of sales reached 11%; levels of growth and profitability far better than the industry. In addition, we maintained our strong fiscal discipline generating $173 million of free cash flow, the highest level in the Company’s history; a cash flow that is vital to insuring the flexibility to reinvest in the many opportunities we see.
We made significant progress in 2005 in all of the major markets we serve; strengthening our relationships with the leading manufacturers, as well as broadening our geographical presence and product portfolio.
The military and commercial aero- space market comprised 24% of sales in 2005 and was up 16% over year 2004 levels. The Company is the acknowledged leader in high
performance interconnect compo- nents for military and aerospace applications. The U.S. and certain other countries are continuing in a long-term trend to upgrade military defense systems and increase homeland security programs. Several prominent military pro- grams in which the Company has significant participation are in the early phases of production, and other major programs in which we have achieved design wins are still in the prototype stage. Such programs should provide very significant future long-term rev- enues. The commercial aerospace market is at the beginning of an improving trend and the long-term future of commercial aviation transportation is good. We are excited about our participation in the development of new aircraft models in Europe and North America. The Company continues to focus on fully integrated prod- uct solutions for its customers in this market. We are proud of the outstanding engineering capabilities
represented by our leadership position in the military and commercial aerospace market.
Sales to the wireless, telecom
and data communications markets, which comprised 39% of sales in 2005, were up 24% from year 2004 levels. We have an excellent portfolio of interconnect products and integrated solutions for the mobile handset market, mobile network infrastructure market and the information technology equipment market.
In the mobile handset market, we had components in more than half of the worldwide production of mobile phones last year, and we continue to strengthen our rela- tionships with the leading mobile phone manufacturers worldwide. The Company is focused on provid- ing innovative solutions to cus- tomers in demanding product areas, such as low profile connec- tors, hinges and antennas.
As mobile handsets increase in
  2/3
 
  complexity and functionality, and new devices to support mobility emerge, the outlook for growth in this market is excellent.
Increased demand for greater mobile communication and data services in developed countries and the continuing demand for commu- nication services in developing countries are driving mobile net- work upgrades and expansion. In addition, deployment of 3G net- works has begun and will continue to drive future demand. We continue to gain position with the leading infrastructure equipment manu- facturers and increasingly are developing relationships with network system operators with
a broad portfolio of value-added interconnect and antenna solutions.
With respect to the information technology equipment market, we have excellent penetration in the areas of servers, storage systems and datacom equipment. Our value-added interconnect products
and systems serve an important role in the continuing demand for increased bandwidth, speed and miniaturization in this market.
Our product offering to the com- munications markets is broad and deep, and our global resources have further strengthened our excellent relations with our major customers.
The broadband cable television mar- ket comprised 12% of our sales last year and was up 12% from year 2004 levels. We serve the broad- band market primarily with coaxial cable; in addition we continue to broaden our participation in this market with interconnect products for new digital video services and high speed internet access. The growth in this market was fueled by expansion of broadband cable tele- vision systems in international mar- kets and by the upgrade by cable operators in the U.S. to full service digital networks offering a variety of video, voice and data services.
The automotive and industrial markets comprised 25% of our sales last year and were up 14% from year 2004 levels. Our auto- motive market product offering is comprised of interconnect systems for automotive safety devices, communication and entertainment systems, and the increasing pres- ence of automotive electronic features. Our growth in this mar- ket was driven by the increased utilization of sophisticated airbag and safety-related devices as well as the increased use of satellite radio, global positioning, and other electronic devices in automobiles.
Our sales to the industrial market which include factory automation, medical, test and measurement instrumentation equipment, heavy equipment and rail mass trans- portation were also up last year. The growth reflects the key role of factory automation in driving pro- ductivity improvements, the growing use of sophisticated electronic equipment and instrumentation
  AMPHENOL 2005 AR
  
   for medical applications, and the increasing importance of intercity and intracity rail mass transportation equipment. The industrial markets encompass a broad and diverse range of applications with signifi- cant opportunity for growth result- ing from the increased use of sophisticated and complex electronic components and significant demands for new power interconnect solutions. We have done an excellent job of increasing our presence with leading industrial manufacturers.
In addition to the outstanding financial performance and progress in our major markets, the Company achieved a number of important milestones in 2005.
Based on our strong operating per- formance, cash flow generation and liquidity, the Company achieved an investment grade credit rating and refinanced its bank debt with a new $1 billion 5-year unsecured revolving credit facility. This provides the Company with a flexible low cost
financing structure moving forward. The Company completed a number of complementary acquisitions during the year expanding our presence in many of our target markets. The largest acquisi- tion, which closed in December of 2005, was the Connection Systems Business of Teradyne (TCS), a $370 million manu- facturer of high speed, high density backplane interconnect systems. The acquisition of TCS was a unique oppor- tunity for the Company to acquire the technology leader in a product area that is entirely complementary and of criti- cal importance to our customers in the communications and information tech- nology markets. The combined product offering of the two companies signifi- cantly enhances our position in those markets and creates a real powerhouse in terms of providing integrated inter- connect system architecture solutions. In addition, TCS comes to Amphenol with a strong and dedicated manage- ment team that is committed to driving TCS from its historical mid-single digit operating income levels to those of Amphenol over time. The opportunity presented is significant.
In 2005, the Company continued to make important investments for growth.
We continued our expansion, invest- ing $57 million in new tooling and manufacturing and test equipment, ensuring sufficient capacity to meet the increasing demands of our cus- tomers. In addition, we opened sev- eral new R&D and sales operations, consistent with our strategy of keep- ing these critical resources close to our customers. We continued to evolve our organization structure to better serve the markets in which we participate and in 2005 we formed the Mobile Consumer Products Group and Commercial Products Group to provide additional focus for these distinct product areas. Our workforce expanded to over 22,000 worldwide with the vast majority of this expansion in low cost regions. At the end of 2005, 59% of the Company’s work- force was in low cost regions...
an excellent platform for profitable growth. We also continue to pursue
4/5
   
  our successful acquisition strategy to complement our investments in organic growth and to benefit from the opportunities presented by a fragmented industry that is continu- ing to consolidate. We completed a number of strategic acquisitions in 2005 expanding the Company’s presence in the growing markets for wireless handsets, military commu- nications, high performance indus- trial applications, high speed, high density data communications, and wireless infrastructure. We continue to explore additional acquisitions that are complementary in nature and accretive to future performance.
2005 continued our excellent long-term track record of performance.
The Amphenol team can be proud of a track record of more than a decade that includes sales growth in excess of the industry, and one of the high- est return on sales and return on invested capital levels in the industry.
Our philosophy is a simple one: •Create growth and margin oppor-
tunity through focus on value- added interconnect solutions for our customers
•Manage risk through diversification and flexibility
•Manage the Company’s money as if it were your own—invest efficiently; control cost
•Keep resources close to local markets and customers
•Maximize operating performance through a collaborative, entrepre- neurial management structure with clear accountability for results.
We enter 2006 as the world’s third largest interconnect company.
2005 was a very rewarding year for all of us at Amphenol and we are excited about the opportunities we see in front of us in each of the mar- kets we serve. Our excitement in the future also stems from the loyalty and trust of our excellent base of
customers and suppliers; and we thank them for the confidence they have shown. In addition, we can rely on the strength of the Company that is resident in the men and women at the Company’s 60 operating units around the world. Their drive to maxi- mize the performance of each of their businesses, through the application of our philosophy to their particular mar- ket and region, is what drives our industry leading performance and makes Amphenol different.
It is with the full commitment of every employee that we continue to move Amphenol forward to produce excellent returns for our shareholders.
Martin H. Loeffler
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
 AMPHENOL 2005 AR
  