A M P H E N O L C O R P O R A T I O N 2 0 0 1 A N N U A L R E P O R T
Dear Fellow Shareholders:
Iam extremely proud of the way Amphenol responded in 2001 to the most severe slowdown in the history of the electronic components industry. Sales ($1.1 billion) and earnings ($1.95/per share) were the second highest on record, exceeded only by the market exuberance of 2000. Earnings per share were down from 2000, but up 61% over 1999, continuing the strong upward trend we have achieved over the past decade.
I attribute the excellent results in a challenging environment to a very strong management team. We strive to keep things basic at Amphenol; general managers have clear P&L and balance sheet responsibility in a flat organizational structure. We foster an entrepreneurial spirit to achieve established goals and simultaneously nurture collaborative relationships whereby profit center managers support each other in a system for mutual benefit. I believe it is this dual mindset of entrepreneurship and collaboration that motivated significant programs of cost control as the slowdown accelerated last year, while preserving and enhancing our position with key OEM customers. It also contributed to retaining our comparatively strong profit margins and cash flow in spite of the reduced activity.
The comparatively strong results achieved in 2001 are also the result of our diversity in the markets we serve. In recent years we have benefited greatly from pursuing the converging voice, video and data communications markets. With hindsight, it is easier to understand that in 1999/2000 such markets were growing at unsustainable levels; they were heady times with growth rates in excess of 50% and our customers demanding that we further increase capacity. Fortunately, our financial discipline allowed us to fully participate in the growth through significant expansion in low cost labor areas without major increases in our fixed cost overhead structure. Furthermore, we continued to support our leading positions in military aerospace, industrial and niche areas of the automotive market. Such markets either grew in 2001 or declined much less significantly than communications markets. Retaining our position in aerospace and industrial/automotive markets was not an obvious choice during the growth years but it has served us well over the long term.
With respect to the major markets we serve with interconnect and cable products and assemblies, the following is an overview of activity in 2001:
! The aerospace market comprised 23% of sales last year and was up 19% over year
3

A M P H E N O L C O R P O R A T I O N 2 0 0 1 A N N U A L R E P O R T
A Global Leader in Interconnect Systems for Communications
Amphenol is a leading world provider of interconnect products for wireless infrastructure communication networks.
  4

A M P H E N O L C O R P O R A T I O N 2 0 0 1 A N N U A L R E P O R T
2000 levels. The Company is the acknowledged leader in high performance interconnect components for aerospace/harsh environment applications. The U.S. and certain other countries appear to be in the initial stages of a longer term trend to upgrade military defense systems. Several programs in which the Company has significant participation are in the early phases of production, and other major programs in which the Company has achieved design wins are still in the prototype stage but such programs should provide very significant future long term revenues. The Company is proud of the outstanding engineering capabilities represented by its leadership position in this important market.
! The wireless/telecom/datacom markets comprised 38% of sales last year and were down 25% from year 2000 levels. The severe decline in these markets after several years of strong growth has been well chronicled. The decline resulted from softening economies in the U.S., Europe and, to a lesser degree, Asia, exasperated by inventory buildup in the supply chain. The lower level of activity may continue in the short term; however, we are very confident of the excellent long term growth potential of communications markets. The number of wireless subscribers and internet users continues to grow and technological change continues to drive new, faster and better services. Our product offering to the communications markets is broad and deep, and our global resources have further strengthened our excellent relations with the major OEM equipment providers.
! The industrial markets comprised 23% of our sales last year and were down 5% from year 2000 levels. A component of our industrial market is providing interconnect systems for automotive safety devices and other automotive electronic componentry. That part of our industrial market was up last year reflecting the increased utilization of sophisticated airbag and related safety devices as well as the increased use of electronic devices and applications in automobiles. Other parts of the industrial market such as factory automation, mass transportation and instrumentation were down last year reflecting the general slowdown in the economy. However, increased sophistication in factory automation is a key element to raising productivity, and we are confident this will be an excellent market in an improving economy.
! The broadband market comprised 16% of our sales last year and was down 44% from year 2000 levels. We serve the broadband market primarily with coaxial cable, and after a period of excellent growth in 1999/2000 that market slowed significantly last year. The growth had been fueled by significant expansion of broadband cable television systems in international markets and by the upgrade by
5

A M P H E N O L C O R P O R A T I O N 2 0 0 1 A N N U A L R E P O R T
A Global Leader in Interconnect Systems for Industrial Applications
Amphenol is a leader in developing interconnect products and systems for industrial and mass transportation applications.
Amphenol is a leading supplier of interconnect systems for automotive safety systems and other electronic applications.
         6

A M P H E N O L C O R P O R A T I O N 2 0 0 1 A N N U A L R E P O R T
cable operators in the U.S. to full service digital systems offering a variety of video, voice and data services. The slowdown last year reflected a generally slowing worldwide economy, the availability of credit to finance system upgrades and expansion, and economic dynamics specific to certain operators. We believe this market will grow in the future as deployment of wired broadband systems in international markets is still in the early stages, and U.S. systems will continue to be upgraded to offer the full potential of digital technology.
2001 was a challenging year for us and the electronics industry. We believe we fared better than the industry last year, just as we have outperformed the industry in good times. And, I am grateful for the outstanding efforts and contribution of our employees worldwide for making Amphenol successful in good and difficult times. We also acquired two companies last year, and while each is relatively small in their own right, collectively they will play a strategic role in expanding our products and services to the aerospace and infocom markets. We are well positioned with global resources and an excellent product portfolio to serve the worldwide needs of our customers. Predicting the future in today's business environment has proven difficult. However, we are very confident that we are in excellent markets with a great organization, and we are very excited about the future. The excitement and confidence in the future also stems from the loyalty and trust of our excellent base of customers and suppliers; we thank them for their invaluable support. Finally, I believe we have a passion for the business. I know such intangible can be transitory. But I believe we have it; we think about it; and, we work hard to retain it.
Martin H. Loeffler
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
7
