DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
Amphenol delivered another year of record performance in 2016.
The Company achieved new records in Sales, Earnings Per Share (EPS) and Operating Cash Flow, all while sustaining industry-leading sales growth. Sales grew 13% to $6.3 billion and Adjusted Diluted EPS grew 12% to $2.72. The Company’s level of profitability remained outstanding by any standard, with Net Income as a percentage of sales exceeding 13% and Adjusted Operating Margin reaching 19.8%. Our financial strength was clearly reflected in the Company’s cash generation, with more than $1 billion in operating cash flow and $887 million in free cash flow, reconfirming the strength and discipline of the Amphenol organization. Most importantly, we continued to put our financial resources to work creating growth opportunities for the Company and value for our shareholders, by investing in new products and capabilities, acquiring new companies, increasing our dividend, and repurchasing the Company’s stock.
Amidst an environment of ongoing geopolitical and economic uncertainty, we continued to broaden our market diversification, accelerate our technology development, expand our manufacturing footprint and build out our global management team. We firmly believe that our success in 2016 resulted especially from our commitment to create technologies across all served markets that enhance the performance of our customers’ products and thereby enable the electronics revolution. This commitment is shared across our diverse team of agile, entrepreneurial and accountable “Amphenolians” who strive to deliver excellent results in any environment. Ultimately, this has been reflected in the Company’s
consistent and superior performance.
We achieved several important milestones in 2016:
• The acquisition and successful transition into Amphenol of FCI, the largest acquisition in the Company’s history;
•The completion of four other strategic acquisitions—Auxel, Custom Cable, SGX Sensortech and All Systems Broadband, bolstering our position across a range of our end markets and bringing our total number of acquired companies to 21 over the last five years;
• A 14% increase in the Company’s per share dividend; and
• The repurchase of 5.5 million shares of the Company’s stock.
The acquisition of Auxel FTG expanded our capabilities in high- technology power interconnect.
At the heart of these accomplishments is a clear understanding of the need to be agile and flexible in capitalizing on the growth and profit potential of our dynamic industry. Across each of our served markets, we enhanced our future potential by maintaining an unwavering focus on new applications, customers and products emerging from the electronics revolution.
In 2016, we built upon our leading technology position. Today, our offering of interconnect products includes connectors and interconnect assemblies, cable and printed circuits, and antennas and sensors. Regardless of the product we provide, our goal
is simple—to develop technology that ultimately enhances the performance of our customers’ products, systems and networks. In so doing, we can create real value for our customers, which in turn creates value for the Company and our shareholders.
This year, we made significant progress across many of these technologies:
• We accelerated our leadership in high-speed interconnect products both organically and through the acquisition of FCI.
   2 AMPHENOL CORPORATION
We realized benefits from our long-term investment in high performance products for next-generation military aircraft.

  We drove strong growth with our new products for battery and hybrid- electric applications.
We now live in a world of near universal and seamless data connectivity, in which end users demand ultra-high speed data availability anywhere and anytime. The resulting data requirements are driving the need for a significant expansion in bandwidth and speed in carrier networks, cloud computing
systems and enterprise data centers. In 2016, we capitalized on this trend. By quickly reacting to the shifting nature of demand while enhancing the performance
of our products, we realized strong growth despite the many seismic shifts in the IT Datacom market. Whether we supply cable assemblies, backplane connector systems, input-output connectors or an entire interconnect system, we are confident that our high-speed
products will be a significant driver of our future growth.
•We have continued to develop our broad range of high- technology power interconnects for a multitude of applications across nearly all our end markets. Power applications are requiring more advanced technology solutions to ensure safety and high efficiency. In particular, the expansion of high capacity battery as well as hybrid and electric related applications across automobiles and heavy vehicles has created unique opportunities for the Company’s power interconnects. Amphenol’s strong portfolio of innovative power technologies, including a wide array of connectors, cable assemblies, busbars and power interconnect systems, leads the way in enabling our customers’ systems to minimize power consumption while ensuring reliability and continuity of performance. We look forward to continuing to drive the revolution of next-generation power applications.
•Amphenol is the clear leader in harsh environment interconnect. The rapid proliferation of electronics in the military, aerospace and industrial markets requires the adaptation of interconnect technologies to the more demanding
environments found in these applications. Such products must perform in extremely challenging conditions, with severe variations in temperature, pressure, vibration and
humidity. The Company’s long history in
meeting the needs of military-aerospace
customers has resulted in an unmatched
technical expertise in adapting wide varieties
of interconnect products to meet these specifications. We are especially pleased that despite facing an unexpected regulatory challenge in 2016, our team still realized strong organic performance in the military market. We capitalized on the strength of our position by leveraging an unequalled product breadth together with a broad position on virtually every military and aerospace platform.
• Our industry-leading radio frequency (RF)
products continued to create outstanding
value for the Company, resulting in us
realizing significant organic growth in the
Mobile Networks and Broadband markets
in 2016. We have been a leader in RF
interconnect products for many decades.
More recently, we have significantly grown our antenna offering to support a broad array of mobile computing devices, including new wearable technologies, as well as antennas used in Mobile Networks, Automotive and Industrial applications. We look forward to building upon this strong base into the future.
• We remain focused on expanding our range of sensor products, and are pleased to have added SGX Sensortech to the Amphenol family. Our sensor offering now includes pressure, temperature, gas and moisture, as well as air quality sensors, and we are supporting exciting, high potential applications especially in the Automotive and Industrial markets. We are very pleased to have already seen the benefits of our combined interconnect and
   We accelerated our progress at enabling next-generation wearable technologies.
2016 ANNUAL REPORT 3

 We continued to expand our sensor offering with the acquisition of SGX Sensortech.
sensor developments—the Company is now able to support our customers with a complete solution to resolve their increasingly difficult technological challenges. As we look ahead to the future, we are confident that our expansion into sensors will continue to create great value for the Company.
• We are excited to have made great strides in expanding our range of fiber optic interconnect offerings across a broader set of markets and regions. With the acquisitions of both Custom Cable and All Systems Broadband, we have significantly enhanced
our capability in value-add fiber optic solutions for customers in the IT Datacom, Mobile Networks and Broadband markets. This positions us well with both carriers and OEM’s who are expanding their usage of fiber optic interconnect in order to handle increased bandwidth. In addition, our organic developments in harsh environment fiber optics continue to progress well, with new solutions for Military,
Commercial Aerospace and Industrial applications.
Over the last decade, the Company has delivered 10% compound annual sales growth, more than double
the industry average. This growth has been both organic and through our highly successful acquisition program.
We are especially proud of the early successes of the FCI acquisition, our largest ever, which closed in early January 2016. In its first year as a member of the Amphenol family, FCI delivered outstanding financial performance, which resulted in particular from the FCI team’s rapid embrace of Amphenol’s high- performance, entrepreneurial culture. In addition, FCI broadened our technology position, strengthened our manufacturing footprint and deepened our position with customers across many of our important end markets. We are truly proud to be able to
call the entire FCI team “Amphenolians,” and look forward to continuing to build on their new base of strong performance.
In addition to FCI, we added four other new family members in 2016. These outstanding companies enhanced our positions in the Industrial, Automotive, IT Datacom and Broadband markets, while adding excellent complementary technologies, including power busbars, fiber optic and copper interconnect assemblies and air quality sensors. Each of these additions has created a new platform for the Company’s future performance. We remain highly committed to continuing to drive our acquisition program and thereby create further value for our shareholders.
Amphenol begins 2017 in the strongest position in the Company’s 85-year history, with a
team eager to take advantage of the multitude
of exciting opportunities that await us. We are particularly encouraged by the ongoing strength of the Company’s market diversification.
We continued to support eight important end markets in 2016— Automotive, Broadband, Commercial Aerospace, Industrial, IT Datacom, Military,
Mobile Devices and Mobile Networks. The Company’s end market diversification has
proven to be a valuable asset, providing insulation
from the volatility of each individual market, while allowing
us to capitalize on the vast technological advancements and growth opportunities that arise in every corner of the electronics industry. We are very pleased that no single end market represented more than 21% of our sales in 2016, and that we achieved significant organic growth in our IT Datacom, Mobile Networks, Broadband, Automotive and Military markets, which more than offset a reduction in sales to the Mobile Devices market. Our products enable virtually all electronics systems, from sophisticated military communications systems to the latest mobile computing platforms, from next-generation airliners
We accelerated our position in data center interconnect with the acquisition of Custom Cable.
   4 AMPHENOL CORPORATION

  We further built upon our industry-leading position in the important India market.
to advanced automotive electronics, from vast data centers to internet-connected devices, and from high-speed trains to the latest wind turbines. We are especially excited by the potential
in the many new markets that continue to emerge, including next-generation electric vehicles, advanced battery storage systems, alternative energy generation,
enterprise data centers and wearable consumer devices. We believe that these and many other new applications have great potential to enable the Company’s long-term growth.
Above all, Amphenol’s greatest asset remains the Company’s high performance culture. This culture is embodied by our entrepreneurial and collaborative team, an unparalleled group of individuals united in creating and protecting a culture of world-class performance at every level of our
organization. Now 62,000 strong and led by more than 100 general managers around the world, our global team is agile, creative and visionary, yet singularly focused on driving growth and achieving superior performance for each of our businesses. We devote significant energy towards building and developing this team through a company-wide commitment to successful talent management. Ultimately, the Amphenol management team succeeds by adopting a “no excuses” approach to driving the Company’s performance
regardless of the economic environment.
Our success comes from a steadfast adherence to a simple philosophy:
• Create opportunities for growth
and margin expansion by providing performance-enhancing technologies to our customers
• Maintain close contact with and support for local markets and customers
• Manage risk through diversification and flexibility
• Manage the Company’s money as if it were our own, through
efficient investments and relentless cost control
• Capitalize on the acquisition opportunities created by a fragmented industry
• Maximize operating performance through a collaborative, entrepreneurial management structure with clear accountability for results
We enter 2017 with tremendous pride in having once again established new records of performance for the Company. We believe Amphenol is uniquely positioned to continue to outperform the industry as we leverage our technology and our unique culture to again drive strong performance in 2017 and beyond. We will remain true to our goal of extending our position as the preeminent technology partner for our customers by delivering leading-edge innovations, and will continue to drive best-in-class operating discipline, profitability, and cash flow in order to create further growth opportunities in each of our target markets. Most importantly, we will continue to drive accountability and an ownership mindset down to every level of our organization. We are confident that this approach will allow us to be able to outperform the industry in any economic environment.
It is with the full commitment of our management team and every Amphenol employee around the world that we will continue to drive the Company forward to produce superior performance for our customers, satisfaction for our employees and excellent returns for our shareholders.
R. Adam Norwitt
President and Chief Executive Officer
Refer to the Company’s Form 10-K within this Annual Report for definitions and reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures such as adjusted operating margin and adjusted diluted EPS. In addition, free cash flow, a non-GAAP financial measure, is defined as cash flow from operating activities (GAAP) less purchases of land and depreciable assets (capital expenditures) (GAAP), as noted on page 10 of this Annual Report.
   2016 ANNUAL REPORT 5
