AMPHENOL CORPORATION 2000 ANNUAL REPORT
Dear Fellow Shareholders:
A mphenol had another excellent year in 2000. We continued to address fast growing segments of the information communications ("InfoCom") market, and this was very successful. The industrial and aerospace markets that we serve also continued to
strengthen and the results were very good. The success we experienced is reflected in our financials:
- Sales increased 35% (38% adjusted for currency effects) to $1,360 million
- Earnings per share (diluted) increased 108% to $2.52/share
- Free cash flow (cash flow from operations, less capital expenditures) was $101 million, or 94% of net income
These are outstanding numbers; 2000 was a great year and has established a solid foundation for further growth and profitability. This foundation is grounded in a common set of shared values and a commitment throughout our organization to make a reality of what we identify as seven key reasons for our customers to partner with Amphenol:
- Product development capability
- Responsive organization
- High quality
- Cost competitiveness
- Broad product range
- Global presence
- Delivery reliability
I am very proud of the Amphenol team; we are an entrepreneurial and nimble organization with a shared dedication to the highest levels of customer service.
As an organization, we are also energized by the opportunities we see. The rapid pace of technological change will continue. Digital technology and the Internet are becoming more deeply woven into the fabric of business, society and our daily lives. We are headed toward a world where everything will be connected by way of new generations of technology linked to the Net - always on, always available. We find this environment to be one of enormous
3

AMPHENOL CORPORATION 2000 ANNUAL REPORT
A Global Leader in Interconnect Systems for Communications
Amphenol is a leading world provider of interconnect products for wireless infrastructure communication networks.
  4

AMPHENOL CORPORATION 2000 ANNUAL REPORT
opportunity and challenge. There are competing technologies of broadband, wireless and wired architectures racing to offer a wide range of digital communication services. Some technologies will be more successful than others, but the pace of change is such that the outcome is not predictable and will continue to evolve over time. We believe that the demand for enhanced communication services will continue to grow, and it is our goal to provide a broad range of components and services to the manufacturers and operators of the major competing technologies.
In 2000, 65% of our sales were to the InfoCom market, and such sales represented a 48% increase over the prior year. The growth is driven not only by the race of competing technologies to offer InfoCom services, but also the exponential growth in subscribers to web-based services. In 2000, there were over 400 million subscribers to the Internet, a 60% increase over the prior year, and it is expected that there will be one billion subscribers within the next few years. In addition to subscriber growth, the rapid change in technology necessitates a continuing upgrade in infrastructure and the appliances used for accessing the Net. Our product offering to the InfoCom market is broad and deep, and our components areusedinnearlyallphasesoftheinformationchain. Forbroadbandinfrastructure,wesupply coaxial cable and related connector components and fiber optic interconnect devices and assemblies. For wireless infrastructure, we provide a wide variety of radio frequency and low frequency interconnect components and assemblies for the evolving generational change in base station architecture. For Net enabling devices, we have a broad range of innovative electronic and fiber optic high speed interconnect components and assemblies used in servers, hubs, routers, storage systems and other networking equipment. We are also present at the InfoCom user end; our products are included in cable modems, flat panel screens, PC's and peripheral devices, mobile handsets and other user applications and devices. The InfoCom market is an enormous opportunity for the Company for long term growth.
Sales of interconnect products to industrial markets, which comprise approximately 20% of our business, experienced excellent growth in 2000. Such markets encompass a broad range of activities including factory automation, mass transportation, resource exploration, instrumentation and automotive safety interconnect applications. In 2000, we continued to make progress in developing application specific products for industrial motion control applications, whereby new generations of factory automation equipment utilizing faster and more precise motion control devices are bringing higher levels of productivity to the factory. In addition, we have developed new generations of interconnect products for automotive safety applications, primarily airbags and seatbelt pretensioners, to maintain our leadership position in this segment of the European automotive market and we continue to make inroads
5

AMPHENOL CORPORATION 2000 ANNUAL REPORT
A Global Leader in Interconnect Systems for Industrial Applications
Amphenol is a leader in developing interconnect products and systems for industrial and mass transportation applications.
Amphenol is a leading supplier of interconnect systems for automotive safety applications.
       6

AMPHENOL CORPORATION 2000 ANNUAL REPORT
in the U.S. and Asian markets. We are a leader in selected growth markets of interconnect products for industrial applications. Our engineering resources and global presence insure that we will continue to strengthen our position as industrial markets play a key role in providing the resources and productivity improvements for an expanding economy.
Our aerospace business, which accounts for approximately 15% of our total business, continued to experience improving trends in 2000. The Company is the acknowledged leader in high performance interconnect components for aerospace/harsh environment applications. Such applications require a high degree of engineering sophistication and precision manufacturing capability and innovations and methodologies developed here generate opportunities for our commercial markets. We foresee continuing improvement in the aerospace market as a result of increasing defense expenditures, and as certain programs move from development to production and as other programs advance in the development cycle. It is very satisfying to see the progress of the International Space Station program as new modules are added and the potential is realized; the Company has been a key participant through the development of an entire family of interconnect devices to meet the communication and power requirements of the program in the harsh environment of outer space.
2000 was a very good year. We continued our growth at a rate in excess of the industry; we had excellent profitability which increased shareholder value. We are positioned in growth markets with an excellent product line. We have added to our global resources to provide excellent customer service throughout the world. We acquired five companies in 2000, and while each is relatively small in their own right, collectively they will play a significant role in expanding our products and services for the InfoCom, industrial and aerospace markets. While 2000 was a very good year, of greater significance is that the future looks bright. I have never been more confident in the future of the Company. To this, I am indebted to the ingenuity, hard work and resourcefulness of the 11,600 members of the Amphenol organization around the world. It is truly a dedicated group capable of outstanding achievements, and for this I am grateful. I also give great thanks to our loyal customers and suppliers for their invaluable support.
Martin H. Loeffler
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
 7
