   Amphenol Corporation Letter to Shareholders Dear Fellow Shareholders:
  Our broad capabilities earned us a leading position in the rapid buildup of Mine Resistant Ambush Protective (MRAP) vehicles.
In 2007, Amphenol achieved new performance records:
• Sales of $2.8 billion up 15% from last year, • EPS of $1.94 up 32% from last year, and
• Free cash flow of $284 million up 37% from
last year.
This excellent performance was achieved in a dynamic and challenging environment. Amphenol maintained its long-term trend of industry-leading growth and profitability in a more moderate demand environment coupled with strong infla- tionary pressures on commodities and other costs. We gained further position in our target markets while driving lower cost and improved margins. Our ability to achieve another year of record results is clearly a testament to the strength of Amphenol’s diverse business and high
is driving upgrade and replacement of military hardware across broad platforms. In addition, we are excited about our significant participa- tion in several new military programs that are in the early phases of production and in the new commercial aircraft programs which will comple- ment our growth in 2008. We believe that this market will remain strong for the Company through 2008.
• The industrial market represented 13% of our sales in 2007 and increased 13% over the prior year. We continue to benefit from our strategic focus on high growth segments of the industrial market, such as oil, gas and geophysical explo- ration, rail mass transit, medical and alternative power applications. The industrial markets encompass a broad and diverse range of appli- cations. Significant growth opportunities are aris-
2 AMPHENOL CORPORATION
performance culture. ing from the increased use of sophisticated and complex electronic components, as well as from
We made significant progress in 2007 in the major markets we serve, strengthening our preferred supplier relationships with leading equipment manufacturers, while extending our technology innovation, broadening our geographical presence, and expanding our product portfolio.
• The military and commercial aerospace market represented 19% of our sales in 2007 and increased 26% over the prior year. We continue to see strong demand from the deployment of military equipment, homeland security investments and the growing commercial aircraft market. Increased proliferation of electronic functionality
demanding new power and data interconnect solutions. We have done an excellent job of increasing our presence with leading industrial equipment manufacturers. We believe that the proliferation of embedded electronics into new industrial applications will continue to create momentum in 2008.
• The automotive market represented 8% of our sales in 2007 and increased 19% over the prior year. Our growth in this area continues to
be driven by the design of our new products into innovative electronic applications in auto-based communications, navigation,

 comfort and safety-related products. While overall automobile production may level in 2008, we expect moderate growth in this market based on the continuing proliferation of electronic content.
In the communications and information tech- nology markets we gained significant position in 2007.
• The information technology and data communi- cations equipment market represented 24% of our sales in 2007 and increased 9% over the prior year. We are very pleased with this strong and broad-based growth in a more moderate demand environment. Our innovative new prod- ucts and value-add capabilities have continued to drive excellent penetration in the areas of servers, storage systems and networking equip- ment. We are very encouraged by continued new design wins, particularly of our industry- leading high-speed products and unique power solutions, and we see demand expanding for high-speed, miniaturized and increased value- added products. We believe that even in a potentially more moderate demand environment we have opportunity for further expansion as we continue to build on our distinct competitive advantage of offering a complete interconnect system architecture.
• The mobile network market represented 13% of our sales in 2007 and increased 11% over the prior year. We have excellent preferred sup- plier relationships with the leading infrastructure equipment manufacturers in all regions.
In addition, we further strengthened our partici- pation in interconnect and antennas for cell site installation, including in important emerging mar- kets such as Africa and India. We offer the industry’s most complete, integrated product solution to this market, including RF, high-speed data, fiber optics and power solutions. Overall, the mobile infrastructure market offers promising opportunities for us in the future as subscriber growth and continued increase of data and mul- timedia traffic drive both demand growth and technology evolution. Next generation IP-based mobile networks are being designed; our partici- pation in those designs supports a long-term positive outlook for this market.
• The mobile device market represented 13% of our sales in 2007 and increased a strong 22% over the prior year. We continue to benefit from our diversity in customers, phone models and products. Our continuous product innovation is focused on demanding product areas such as low profile connectors, hinges and antennas and is increasing the value of our content per device. In addition, these high performance products are increasingly demanded in other mobile consumer devices and this proliferation is increasing our overall market opportunity. We expect continued growth in 2008.
• The broadband communications market repre- sented 10% of our sales in 2007 and increased 10% over the prior year. Growth was driven by our earlier price increases and healthy demand due to the success of new broadband services offered by the cable television operators, as well
    Our next generation 25Gb xCede connector system received extensive industry recognition, including the product of the year award, and gained broad customer acceptance.
2007 ANNUAL REPORT 3

  Our third Indian facility, in Chennai, creates
a further platform
for growth in this important region.
4 AMPHENOL CORPORATION
 as by growth in international markets. We serve the broadband market primarily with coaxial cable; in addition, we continue to broaden our participation in this market with interconnect products for “triple play” voice, video and data enabling equipment.
We continue to make substantial investments to capitalize on the exciting opportunities that we see.
We continued our expansion in 2007, investing $104 million in new tooling and manufacturing and test equipment, ensuring sufficient capacity to meet the increasing demands of our cus- tomers. In addition, we opened several new R&D and sales operations, and further expanded our manufacturing capability in China, India and other developing markets, consistent with our strategy of keeping these critical resources close to the growth opportunities. Our workforce expanded to over 32,000 worldwide with the vast majority of such expansion in low cost regions. At the end of 2007, 72% of our workforce was in low cost regions . . . an excellent platform for profitable growth. We also continue to pursue our acquisi- tion strategy focusing on complementary compa- nies with strong, entrepreneurial management, excellent technology, and opportunity to gain leverage from Amphenol’s global resources. In 2007, we completed three strategic acquisitions and purchased the remaining 30% interest in one of our foreign subsidiaries, expanding Amphenol’s presence in a number of growing markets. These acquisitions included a northwest China-based manufacturer of RF interconnect products for the wireless communications market which brings
complementary strength particularly in its position on China’s 3G networks. We also acquired a Chinese manufacturer of precision interconnect products for IT and consumer product applica- tions including handsets. In addition, we acquired a US-based provider of interconnect products for the geophysical exploration market. We are very excited about the growth potential created by these new family members and continue to explore additional acquisitions that are accretive to future performance. Importantly, we continued our focus on developing industry-leading technical and man- agerial talent thereby laying a strong basis for the future growth of Amphenol.
The Amphenol team, 32,000 strong, can be proud of a performance record that leads the industry. Over the past decade, Amphenol has grown sales at twice the industry aver- age and has achieved annual EPS growth in excess of 20%.
Our philosophy is a simple one:
• Create opportunity for growth and margin expansion by providing industry-leading intercon- nect systems technology to our customers
• Capitalize on the acquisition opportunities created by a fragmented industry
• Manage risk through diversification and flexibility • Manage the Company’s money as if it were our
own—invest efficiently; control costs
• Keep resources close to local markets and
customers
• Maximize operating performance through a
collaborative, entrepreneurial management structure with clear accountability for results
  
 As we look forward, we continue to see a unique expansion opportunity for Amphenol in a fragmented industry and growing $44 billion worldwide interconnect market.
Market trends play to the Company’s strengths:
product development towards higher margin opportunities by creating value for our customers through leading-edge developments that enhance equipment performance. We will satisfy our cus- tomers demands for increasingly complex integrated interconnect solutions through our comprehensive offering.
It is our consistent strategy to combine our pur- suit of leading technology with our culture of strong operating discipline. We will drive proactive cost reductions to stay ahead of competition. We will react quickly at the local level to market dynamics. We will maintain financial discipline as we grow. And we will drive accountability and superior performance down to every level of our organization. This is the Amphenol difference. This is how we will continue to enhance overall return and how we intend to outperform the industry in any economic environment.
It is with our full commitment and that of every employee that we continue to move Amphenol forward to produce superior performance for our customers, satisfaction for our employees, and excellent returns for our shareholders.
s Globalization s Customer and
vendor consolidation s Integrated solutions
s Emerging markets
s Challenging technology
s Electronics proliferation
We have capitalized on these trends. We have doubled our market share to 6% in the last 10 years while delivering average EPS growth in excess of 20%. This outperformance is a direct result of the consistent application of our strategy by our operating executives and the local general managers of each of our over 60 operating units worldwide. Their drive to maximize the perform- ance of each of their businesses in their particular market and region is what sets Amphenol apart.
We believe Amphenol is positioned to continue to outperform the industry in any economic environment as we leverage both our tech- nology and our culture to enter the next phase of profitable expansion.
Our emphasis on technology and product inno- vation is vital to growth and profitability. We will continue to leverage our strong technology capa- bilities to create new market opportunities by offering our customers unique technological advantages. In addition, we will gear our new
Martin H. Loeffler
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
R. Adam Norwitt
President and
Chief Operating Officer
      We completed three acquisitions, including our first investment in the low-cost technology center of Xian, in Western China.
2007 ANNUAL REPORT 5
