 DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
2014 was a year of record performance for Amphenol.
The Company surpassed $5 billion in sales for the first time in our more than 80-year history, achieving new records in Sales, EPS and Cash Flow. Sales grew an industry-leading 16% to $5.3 billion and adjusted EPS grew 17% to $2.25. Adjusted net income as a percentage of sales exceeded 13%, an outstanding level of profitability by any measure. Very importantly, through our continued strong fiscal discipline, we generated $677 million in free cash flow, the highest level in the Company’s history; this cash flow is vital to ensuring that we can continue to capitalize on the many opportunities for expansion that we see today and expect to see in the future. In 2014, we continued to invest strongly for Amphenol’s future. We broadened our market diversification, accelerated our new technology developments, expanded our manufacturing footprint, invested in new strategic acquisitions and deepened our management team.
In addition to achieving this outstanding financial performance, the Company reached a number of important milestones in 2014. These included:
• An upgrade in our credit rating;
• A 2-for-1 stock split in the form of a stock dividend;
• The initiation of a new 10 million share stock repurchase program;
• The third increase in the Company’s dividend in the last four years; and
• The completion of two strategic acquisitions, Casco and Goldstar, bringing our total number of acquired companies to 12 during the last three years.
We accomplished all of this by capitalizing on the vast range of opportunities being created by the revolution in electronics that is taking place within all of our end markets.
We capitalized on next-generation mobile network expansions around the world with our wide array of antenna and interconnect products.
The electronics revolution continues to create significant growth and profit potential for the Company, as new equipment, functionalities and applications are being created at an accelerating pace, thereby driving the need for enhanced performance across a wide array of interconnect and sensor products.
The electronics revolution is happening against the backdrop of the ongoing trends of globalization, customer and vendor consolidation, progressively challenging technology requirements and the drive for integrated solutions. In 2014, we played an even more critical role in enabling that revolution, as we further diversified our market presence and extended the range of interconnect products that we provide. Looking towards the future, we enter 2015 in the strongest position in the history of the Company, ready to take advantage of the multitude of exciting opportunities that we see across all of our markets.
Our consistent focus on technology innovation and customer support through all phases of the economic cycle has once again in 2014 resulted in the Company strengthening our position across each
of our important end markets.
 2

  We realized the benefits of our new investments in advanced capabilities and high-technology interconnect and sensor products for the medical market.
Our results confirm that the end market diversification of the Company is a tremendous asset, especially given the continuing high degree of uncertainty still present in the global economy. We participate in eight major end markets: automotive, broadband, commercial aerospace, industrial, information technology and data communications, military, mobile devices and mobile networks. We are particularly pleased that no single one of these markets represented more than 17% of our sales in 2014. Such balance across our end markets insulates the Company from the specific risk of each individual market, while at the same time exposing us to the technology developments and opportunities for growth that arise in all corners of the electronics industry. Our strong growth in 2014 was driven in particular by excellent performance in the automotive, industrial, mobile networks and commercial aerospace markets, with modest increases in the mobile devices and military markets, and slight reductions in our sales to the IT datacom and broadband markets. The Company’s achievement of 16% sales growth is another clear confirmation of the strength of Amphenol’s diversification, bolstering our confidence for the future.
Amphenol products are incorporated into the broadest range of electronics systems, from complex, next-generation airliners to advanced automotive electronics, from sophisticated military communications to the latest mobile computing platforms, from vast data centers to household internet appliances, and from high speed trains to rooftop solar panels. The Company’s diversification has the added significant value of enabling a cross pollination of engineering and technology, thereby ensuring that we have leading product offerings for all of our customers. Ultimately, this allows us to further expand into new markets, new customers and new applications. We are especially encouraged by the potential in the many new markets that are emerging, including advanced factory automation, next-generation military electronics, new vehicle systems, solid state lighting and new data center applications. We believe that these and many more developing markets have the real potential to create strong platforms for the Company’s future growth.
We are especially pleased that we have significantly expanded our market potential
in 2014, both organically and through our acquisition program. In particular, it has now been more than one year since we added sensors to our product portfolio through
the acquisition of the Advanced Sensors business, expanding our addressable market to approximately $135 billion, and thereby providing a window into significant new opportunities for growth.
Our broadened capabilities in the areas of connectors, interconnect assemblies, cable and printed circuits, antennas and now sensors significantly expand our reach resulting in our ability to design and manufacture integrated solutions to meet the increasing requirements of customers around the world. Amphenol’s dynamic, global organization is focused on partnering with customers in all of our end markets to develop innovative interconnect and sensor technologies that drive overall equipment performance to higher levels. Our focus on technologies that enable mobility, support increasing bandwidth, minimize power consumption
3

 and allow functionality in harsh environments has positioned us as the supplier of choice to the leading electronics equipment manufacturers and service providers across all of our served markets, creating a sustainable performance advantage. As electronics systems grow ever more complex, the performance challenges faced by all of these technologies become increasingly difficult to manage. Solving these challenges with our high technology products is the essence of how we create value.
The Company has outperformed the industry for more than 10 years, achieving a 13% compound annual growth rate, significantly above the average industry growth rate. We achieved this growth in 2014 both organically and through the continued success of our acquisition program.
We added two new family members to Amphenol in 2014, with the acquisitions of Casco and Goldstar, both of which represent excellent new platforms for future expansion. These fine companies further expand our position in the automotive interconnect and sensor market as well as the industrial interconnect market. Our acquisition program remains a great strength for Amphenol, as we are able to achieve an excellent return on our investment by adding leading-edge new technologies, complementary market positions and outstanding management talent. We believe that our long and successful track record of completing more than 60 acquisitions over the last 15 years, together with our uniquely entrepreneurial culture, make us the “acquirer of choice” in our industry for the great number of independent companies who may eventually decide to join a larger organization.
Above all, Amphenol’s greatest asset has always been our entrepreneurial management team, an unparalleled group of individuals that drives a culture of high performance at every level of our organization.
At year end, we had more than 50,000 employees, of whom approximately 80 percent were employed in low-cost regions. Our talent development program has produced more than 80 general managers, individuals who run comprehensive businesses with full accountability for their performance, and each of whom
We continued to expand our global manufacturing footprint including the establishment of our new, low-cost factory in Macedonia.
is committed to driving sustained excellent performance for the Company in any economic environment.
We believe the Amphenol management team is a truly special collection of empowered and accountable managers, each of whom focuses intensely on their respective segment of the electronics industry, but all of whom share a common goal of creating superior results for the overall Company. It is through this outstanding team of agile, entrepreneurial leaders that we are able to consistently capitalize on the incredible array of opportunities that arise every day across our diverse end markets.
Amphenol’s long-standing, consistent track record of success is the result of our steadfast adherence to a simple philosophy:
• Create opportunities for growth and margin expansion by providing performance-enhancing technologies to our customers
• Maintain close contact with and support for local markets and customers
• Manage risk through diversification and flexibility
• Manage the Company’s money as if it were our own, through
efficient investments and relentless cost control
• Capitalizeontheacquisitionopportunitiescreatedbyafragmented industry
     4

  We further strengthened our automotive interconnect and sensor portfolio with the exciting acquisition of CASCO.
• Maximize operating performance through a collaborative, entrepreneurial management structure with clear accountability for results
The entire Amphenol team has created significant value through many business cycles, driving growth that is more than double the rate of the overall interconnect industry for more than a decade, all while achieving industry-leading profitability. This outperformance is a direct result of the consistent application of our strategy by our operating executives and the local general managers of each Amphenol operating unit worldwide. Their drive to maximize the performance of each of their businesses in their particular markets and regions is what sets Amphenol apart.
This culture of performance extends to
both technology leadership and operating discipline—the key ingredients to
sustained industry-leading performance.
• Ouremphasisontechnologyleadershipandproductinnovation
is vital to both growth and profitability. We will continue to leverage our strong technology capabilities to create new market opportunities by offering our customers unique technological advantages. In addition, we will tailor our new product
development towards higher margin opportunities by creating value for our customers through leading-edge innovations that enhance overall equipment performance.
• Our culture of strong operating discipline will continue to result in consistent achievement of industry-leading profitability and cash flow. We will drive proactive cost reductions to stay ahead of competition. We will react quickly at the local level to market dynamics. We will maintain financial discipline. And we will continue to drive accountability and a superior performance culture down to every level of our organization.
This is the Amphenol difference. This is how we will continue to enhance overall return and how we intend to continue to outperform the industry in any economic environment.
We leave 2014 with pride in having
once again established new records of performance, resulting in the Company
being in the strongest position in our 82 year history. We believe Amphenol is uniquely positioned to continue to outperform the industry as we leverage both our technology and our unique culture to reach new heights
of performance in 2015 and beyond.
It is with the full commitment of our management team and every Amphenol employee that we will continue to drive the Company forward to produce superior performance for our customers, satisfaction for our employees and excellent returns for our shareholders.
R. Adam Norwitt
President and Chief Executive Officer
 5
