p.2 Apollo Group, Inc. // 2011 Annual Report

Letter to Our Shareholders
Fiscal 2011 was a year of unprecedented change for Apollo Group, and was also a year in which we made significant strides in advancing our long-term strategic plan and positioning our organization for continued success.
Our commitment is to provide a high-quality education to our students to help them attain the skills needed to succeed in today's competitive workforce. We believe that delivering superior experiences, achieved by doing the right thing for the student, is key to building value for our shareholders. At the beginning of fiscal 2011 we set out to: 1)  Implement additional leading-edge student protections that enable students to make better informed decisions regarding their education options so that they have a higher likelihood of academic success; 2)  Differentiate University of Phoenix, our flagship institution, within the U.S. higher education landscape through innovative technology advancements, engaging instruction and curriculum, and industry-relevant academic programs; and 3)  Expand our growth opportunities intelligently beyond University of Phoenix. We are pleased with the progress we have made in each of these areas during the past year. Our accomplishments include enhancing our student-centric approach to admissions, launching University Orientation, investing in our learning platform and adaptive learning capabilities, and further aligning our educational offerings to the needs of today's workforce. In addition, we continue to build the foundation for a global education network through the educational institutions of Apollo Global.

2011 Annual Report // Apollo Group, Inc. p.3

A year in review. of several key strategic Diluted EPS from Continuing 5 In fiscal 2011, we committed to the implementation
($) Operations Attributable to Apollo initiatives aimed at enhancing the student experience and improving student outcomes. These initiatives were the right things to do--both for our students and for our business--but they did $ 4.02 have an impact on student enrollment at University of Phoenix. $

Revenue
$

($ in billions)

4

While these initiatives have resulted in a period of transition for our business, we believe they have positioned us for more sustainable growth over time.
2.94 3 For the year, Apollo Group delivered consolidated revenue of $4.7 billion, a 4 percent decrease
$ $ 2.38 from the prior year. At the same time, we focused on managing our cost structure to appropriately align it with the needs of the business. Net income from continuing operations attributable to 2 Apollo was $569.9 million, or $4.02 per diluted share, representing an 8 percent increase from the prior year on a per share basis. $ $

3.85 $ 3.72

4.9

$

4.7

5

$

4.0

4

3.1

2.7

3

2

1 Implementing leading-edge student protections. One of our primary areas of 0

focus has been on cultivating an organizational culture that is, first and foremost, centered around always doing what's right for our students.
'07 '08 '09 '10 2011

1

We have encouraged our advisors to develop relationships with prospective and '07 '08 '09 '10current 2011 students to more effectively support them. At the beginning of the year, we aligned our admissions practices to better support our students' success by eliminating enrollment measures as a factor in the evaluation and compensation of our admissions advisory teams. We have better empowered our advisors to provide high-quality service and to make decisions that are in the best interests of students. To further support this student-centric approach, we implemented additional tools and procedures to help ensure that prospective students can make informed decisions as they pursue their edu cational goals. At University of Phoenix, we introduced the Phoenix Prep Center to provide prospective students with self awareness and assessment resources that help them understand their individual learning style and academic strengths, which we believe facilitates improved student readiness in the classroom.

0

University of Phoenix is regionally accredited by the Higher Learning Commission and is a member of the North Central Association, one of six regional accrediting bodies considered to be the gold standard of accreditation. In addition, University of Phoenix holds programmatic accreditations in nursing, counseling, business and education. Other schools and institutions within Apollo Global are also accredited or authorized by various local accrediting bodies within their respective geographic or programmatic areas of instruction.

University of Phoenix also launched a free, three-week program called University Orientation. This program is mandatory for students with limited college experience and is designed to help them understand the commitment required for success in our academic programs. Importantly, University Orientation has enabled prospective students to experience the University of Phoenix learning environment and determine if our offering is right for them prior to enrolling and taking on debt. Together, these efforts are focused on helping students make better informed decisions regarding their education options so they have a higher likelihood of success.

Differentiating University of Phoenix. During fiscal 2011, we continued to invest in
areas we believe will further distinguish the academic quality and learning experience provided at University of Phoenix. Innovation is a driving force in our efforts to enhance our learning platform. Over the past year, we rolled out our new academically-focused social network, PhoenixConnectSM, to all of the colleges within University of Phoenix. PhoenixConnectSM creates an online community that connects students, faculty and alumni and fosters enhanced academic collaboration. We also developed and introduced mobile applications to expand access opportunities for students "on-the-go."

p.4 Apollo Group, Inc. // 2011 Annual Report

We augmented our curriculum with the introduction of the Phoenix Lecture Series, which provides unique course content from highly distinguished academicians and guest lecturers. We further integrated industry-relevant skills and competencies into our degree program offerings to continue to meet the needs of today's employers by addressing the evolving demands for a skilled workforce.

From the creation of degree programs to meet the needs of working adults in the 1970s to pioneering online education in the late 1980s and eBooks in the 1990s, Apollo Group has a history of innovation within higher education. The Company is focused on identifying the changing needs of students and society, incorporating new technologies and learning techniques to more effectively serve students. This leadership continues today with the introduction of mobile functionality, social media capabilities and adaptive learning methodologies into the student experience.

During the year, we announced the acquisition of Carnegie Learning, which provides the Company with an industry leading adaptive learning engine, which we intend to further develop and integrate into the University of Phoenix classroom experience in the years ahead. We believe this technology can provide a better and more effective learning environment by delivering educational content and curriculum in a personalized way that is most effective for each individual student.

Diluted EPS from Continuing
Operations Attributable to Apollo ($)
$
$

Together, these efforts are focused on delivering a high-value, energizing and compelling learning experience to our students through high-quality, Revenue ($ in billions) convenient and relevant academic programs, engaging instruction and innovative content delivery.
$ Expanding our opportunities. 4.9 growth 5 We continue to build the foundation for a global $ 4.7 the educational institutions education network through of Apollo Global. During fiscal 2011, we invested in the infrastructure and talent at Apollo Global and we continue to expand the offerings of $ 4.0 BPP in the U.K. In addition, shortly after the end 4 of the fiscal year, we announced global expansion with a joint venture in India with HT Media. $

3.85 $ 3.72

4.02

$

2.94

$

2.38

3 for a broader services platform to help address $ the year, we also began to lay the groundwork During 2.7 the needs of traditional colleges and universities.

3.1

2 during Apollo Group's more than 35-year By leveraging the organizational capabilities developed history and applying them to the institutions within Apollo Global and expanding our service offerings to other traditional institutions, we have the opportunity to reach a broad population of students 1 across the large and growing global education sector in the years to come. 0 Looking forward. Following a period of considerable change in 2011, we enter the new year
'07 '08 '09 '10 2011 '07 on '08 '09 '10 the 2011 focused executing strategic plan we've set forth to position Apollo Group for continued success within the global higher education market.

Ultimately, this means continuing to differentiate University of Phoenix, while at the same time investing in the expansion opportunities of tomorrow. We will continue to enhance our academic offerings, deliver innovation in the classroom experience, further align our educational programs to meet the needs of employers, and provide additional career-oriented resources to students and alumni. We believe these initiatives will support the success of our students during their time at our universities and beyond graduation. We also are committed to aligning our people, technology and organizational structure to effectively support the needs of our students, while identifying opportunities to refine our operations and improve the student experience. We believe the successful execution of our strategy will deliver long-term returns for our shareholders.

Gregory W. Cappelli
Co-Chief Executive Officer Chairman of Apollo Global, Inc.

Charles B. Edelstein
Co-Chief Executive Officer

