letter to our Shareholders
  our nation is at an economic crossroads. companies large and small across America report a need for as many as 3.75 million skilled workers.
The problem? They cannot find enough qualified talent.
There is something fundamentally wrong when a nation with 23 million people either unemployed or underemployed cannot fill that skills gap.
to career outcomes and helping our students master the skills they need to be competitive in the globally connected workforce.
In 2012, we laid out three ambitious goals for ourselves: differentiating University of Phoenix, diversifying Apollo Group, and making our busi- ness processes and delivery structure even more efficient and effective—all while provid- ing a world class student experience. The people of our company have tackled each of these goals with determination. As a result, we are well on our way toward building a stronger, more nimble Apollo Group.
In this rapidly evolving industry—driven by changing economic, political, and competitive dynamics—we are focused on offering real value to the people who come to us for help planning the next stage of their lives. We’re committed to delivering education and services that are distinctive, useful and help learners find the best path to their desired career and also address the needs of employers to attract appropriately skilled workers.
A year in Review: For fiscal 2012, Apollo Group delivered consolidated revenue of $4.3 billion, an approximate 10 percent decrease from the prior year. Net income from continuing operations attributable to Apollo Group for fiscal 2012 was $393.7 million, or $3.22 per share, compared to $566.3 million or $4.00 per share for fiscal year 2011. University of Phoenix ended the year with total degreed enrollment of approx- imately 328,000 students and for the full year, aggregate new degreed enrollment was down just over 2 percent, as compared to 2011.
Differentiating University of Phoenix
As a cornerstone of our strategy, we have made meaningful investments and advancements to differentiate University of Phoenix. We genu- inely believe this is the path to long-term success and are focusing our time, energy, and resources toward this goal. Over the past several years we have invested to build a best- in-class experience that equips students to embark on successful, fulfilling careers— quickly and with confidence.
Throughout our 40-year history, accessibility and convenience have differentiated University
This is unacceptable.
Even in the face of economic hardship, we are entering an era of opportunity in this country— an opportunity to rise to the challenge and close this suffocating skills gap that has impeded our economic growth. Good enough is no longer good enough.
Post-high school, career-driven education and training will drive our ability to compete and win in the 21st Century—period. Arming students with proven workplace skills is crucial to our success as a country. Yet, with more than 132 million people in the US labor force over the age of 25 today, the unfortunate reality is that fully two-thirds do not have a bachelor’s degree, fifty million have never tried, and thirty million did not complete their degree. While not every- one needs a college degree to succeed in their career of choice, the data overwhelmingly sug- gests it remains a strong positive and, at a minimum, our citizens need the appropriate
level of training and skills necessary to compete in what’s now a global workforce.
Our education system has not innovated and adapted to the changing needs of our nation— giving students the tools employers are looking for to succeed in the careers they want.
As a society, our ability to truly make educa- tion relevant again—to connect it with the careers of today and tomorrow—will help us reestablish and maintain our position as a global powerhouse.
This is an exciting time for higher education. With change occurring at an unprecedented pace, we are confronting challenges and capitalizing on opportunities. With America at a crossroads, Apollo Group is a proven vehicle for change.
We’re dedicated to combating this workforce education deficit with a mission to provide accessible, quality education—supported by our commitment to developing curriculum tied
 
of Phoenix. Both remain key components of our vision for the organization, but we need to move beyond this to stand apart. We’re com- mitted to continuing to improve—not just doing better than our competitors, but delivering education and services that redefine what “better” means.
It’s this commitment that is driving us to reposition ourselves to attract and retain adult learners who will seek out our universities because we are the educator of choice. Our mission is to make both their academic aspira- tions and career dreams a reality. We are com- mitted to connecting education to careers in
a way that is unprecedented at the university level through direct relationships with the most influential businesses in the world.
To support our efforts to differentiate,
we launched new career-oriented tools and resources. These tools range from early stage assessments to creating a personalized road- map to chart students’ educational journey to their career of choice. We are helping students understand more about themselves, the job market and their finances so they can make a more informed decision about their educational path. We are extensively training our graduation teams and faculty so they have deep working knowledge of these tools to help current and prospective students.
As we differentiate University of Phoenix, our key initiatives in the areas of Education to Careers, Student Experience, and Student Protection all advance our commitment to being the educator of choice. Here is a snap- shot of the progress we have made in each of these areas:
Education to Careers
Phoenix Career Services. Our students are motivated by the desire for a more rewarding, successful career. In April 2012, we launched Phoenix Career Services, which supports our education to careers commitment. Today, nearly 100 employers have active job postings, with an average of 18,000 jobs featured on our inter- active career portal.
Corporate Relationships. We have developed relationships with more than 2,000 corporations. We are helping their employees meet their education needs and supporting the corporations in their efforts to fill jobs. Also, we are collabo- rating to develop highly relevant curriculum that will position our students to enter the careers they desire. We have seen significant growth in students enrolling from corporations—students who excel—and we will continue expanding these relationships.
Alumni. Surpassing 750,000 graduates in fiscal 2012, we are proud of the key role our alumni play in supporting our mission to connect edu- cation to careers and to employers. We now have more than 42,000 alumni volunteering as mentors, providing students with useful career guidance and industry knowledge.
Student Experience
Adaptive Learning. We acquired Carnegie
Diluted EPS
from Continuing Operations Attributable to Apollo ($)
Reve
($ in billio
$4.0
2012 Annual Report // Apollo GRoup, Inc.
p.3
  $3.85 3.71 $2.94
$3.22
$4.00 $
     ’08 ’09 ’10 ’11 ’12
’08 ’09
$3.1
 Learning at the beginning of fiscal 2012 to incor-
Revenue
($ in billions)
porate adaptive learning, a highly individualized
from Continuing approach, into our academicOpplaertafotiromns. OAuttrributable
to Apollo ($) teams have integrated the customized math
tool and are piloting courses to he $4.00
$4.9
Diluted EPS
lp students
$ 4.7
 strengthen the skills needed to succeed at the university level.
$2.94
is being piloted now, will make it easier for students to interact with the university, and to
’08 ’09 ’10 ’11 ’12 capture and share data to improve teaching
effectiveness.
Connectivity. PhoenixConnect, the largest education-oriented social network specifically for students, faculty, and alumni of University of Phoenix, has grown to more than 800,000 users. Supporting increased connectivity, we have introduced key mobile applications for students and faculty.
$ 4.3
   Learning and Service Platforms. We’ve made great progress on our new learning platform and have begun updating our service platform. The learning platform changes the online class- room experience with new communication channels, an integrated syllabus, and a more user-friendly approach. It will roll out broadly throughout 2013. The service platform, which
$
3.85 $3.71
$ 3.22
$ 4.0
$3.1
 ’08 ’09 ’10 ’11 ’12
 n
n

The CiviC 50
 The honor of being ranked 23 on The Civic 50 is a true testament to our organization’s commitment to education, career readiness, and sustainability in our corporate footprint.
Interactive Classroom. In January 2012, we opened the John Sperling Center for Educational Innovation, which features the prototype of
our new classroom platform. The Classroom without Boundaries is designed to advance student learning and retention, foster student engagement, and take full advantage of advances in technology to make education more relevant to the changing economy and workforce.
Student Protection
University Orientation. Our free, three-week orientation program allows students the oppor- tunity to understand what it takes to go to school, without incurring any debt. We’ve lis- tened to our students and taken action based on what we learned, refining our orientation program in 2012 to make it even more useful. We are adding curriculum enhancements, such as assessments and career components, and a new skills inventory tool.
Education Value. We understand that to be successful, we must provide programs that are not just useful to students, but that they can also afford. We have developed and recently launched tools and services to help students understand the full cost of their degree programs. We are providing selective grants. Also, as we entered fiscal 2013, we implemented a tuition freeze for new and currently enrolled students, eliminating the worry and risk of tuition and fee increases through graduation for students who maintain continuous enrollment. We continue to look at student needs and to reinvent our organization to be sure we are delivering an outstanding experience at the right value.
Diversifying Apollo Group
We’re proud of the education we provide our students. We believe in its power to equip them to transform their lives and realize their goals for the future. That’s why we are committed to expanding access to education and leveraging our core capabilities to diversify Apollo Group.
At Apollo Global, we are expanding our inter- national reach. Among one of many accomplish- ments this year, we extended our educational offerings into India through a partnership with HT Media, one of India’s foremost media com- panies. There is tremendous opportunity in
India and we are honored to work with such a respected partner who also shares our values.
Throughout the world, we are producing real results. We continue to see improving perfor- mance at BPP, our largest Apollo Global subsid- iary, and are pleased with new relationships developed in our professional education pro- grams. In Mexico we have rolled out and are receiving praise for our new working learner program, which is exceeding our expectations. In Chile, while we continue working to overcome regulatory challenges, we are making progress in our non-degree programs.
As we moved into 2013, we purchased the remaining interest in Apollo Global from Carlyle. We have had the fortunate opportunity to part- ner with Carlyle for the past five years on our global expansion. Apollo Global is on track to reduce its operating losses over the next year, and has infrastructure in place to help increase its global reach in new and exciting areas of the world. Our objective is that it will eventu- ally generate a healthy return on investment for our stakeholders and we are working pur- posefully to achieve that goal.
We are also developing relationships with schools with our launch of Apollo Education Ser- vices. At the end of 2012, we began our first pilot program with a world-renowned institution and are implementing our plan to grow this business.
Optimizing Our Focus
The final component of our strategic roadmap is to become a more nimble, efficient organiza- tion. There’s still work to do, but we made sig- nificant progress in 2012 to reengineer our business and refine our delivery structure in support of our student-oriented mission.
Throughout 2012, we analyzed all aspects of our business, looking at every point where we interact with our students. We are studying how we can better serve them and keep educa- tion accessible and affordable, while continuing to reinvest to create a world class experience. We asked the tough questions, challenged con- ventional wisdom, and took an unflinching look at both our strengths and weaknesses.
As a result, we are streamlining our opera- tions and removing redundant processes— working to serve students more quickly and
efficiently. We announced the realignment of our ground campus network at University of Phoenix, along with our goal to deliver a mini- mum of $300 million in net savings through 2014 with our optimization efforts. In 2012, we took bold, meaningful actions to be a stronger, more efficient organization.
As an update to our Higher Learning Commission (HLC) accreditation reaffirmation, we have received the peer team draft report for the University of Phoenix. The report raised concerns relating to administrative structure and governance, resulting in the recommendation of probation. If the HLC Board of Trustees were to adopt this recommendation, they would also reaffirm the university’s accreditation during the probationary period, which is recommended through fall 2014. We are in the process of working with HLC to alleviate their governance concerns. Throughout the past 40 years, we have participated fully in the peer review process and its goal in support of high quality education.
As I close, I would like to personally thank Chas Edelstein, who retired as our co-CEO at the end of 2012, for his significant contributions to the organization—for his leadership, dedica- tion, and friendship to so many of us here at Apollo Group.
Across the organization, we made signifi- cant progress in 2012 toward building a better Apollo. We’ve set big goals—differentiating University of Phoenix, diversifying Apollo Group, and becoming more efficient in every interaction with every student.
In 2013, we forge ahead equipping our stu- dents to create the lives they dream of thanks to the education and career opportunities we provide. We look to the future with enthusiasm, optimism, and the determination to exceed the expectations of our students and shareholders.
Thank you for joining us in our journey. Sincerely,
Greg Cappelli
CEO, Apollo Group
    