 DEAR SHAREHOLDERS:
It is an honor to lead Apollo Education Group in our mission to promote progress, develop minds, expand skills and improve the world through higher education. For more than 40 years, we have served working adults with our commitment to support lifelong career-directed learning, fulfilling our responsibility to provide students the tools and skills they need to be more productive in their careers and communities. We are excited about the future and our ability to engage students and help employers recruit, retain, and develop a diverse, global, and skilled workforce.
  A Year of Substantial Progress
In 2014, we continued to execute on our transformational strategic plan which includes:
1. Differentiate University of Phoenix;
2. Diversify Apollo Education Group with new offerings and new
global opportunities; and
3. Create a more efficient organization with a continued strong focus on service and operational excellence.
We’ve made substantial progress during the past year, but we’ve only just begun. Higher education is changing at an unprecedented pace and Apollo is committed to leading education into the future. We are primed to continue our work into 2015 to achieve our long-term strategic plan.
From a financial standpoint, Apollo is confronting the challenges of the industry while we build a stronger organization for the future. For fiscal year 2014, the company reported consolidated revenues of $3.0 billion, compared to $3.6 billion the prior year. Operating income was $339.0 million, compared to $434.4 million in fiscal year 2013. Income from
continuing operations attributable to Apollo was $215.9 million, or $1.92 per share, compared to $253.1 million, or $2.23 per share in
fiscal year 2013. Our results are impacted as we operate in a period of dramatic change for online education with increased competition and regulatory oversight of the industry. Despite these conditions, we have maintained a pristine balance sheet with very little debt and a healthy cash balance allowing us multiple options to invest in degree, non-degree and areas of professional development, both domestically and internationally.
DIFFERENTIATING THE UNIVERSITY OF PHOENIX
We are working to realign the University from a geographic structure to one centered around distinct program-based colleges. We took this strategic approach to provide a superior student experience, enhance student outcomes, significantly support the competitive nature of each college, and increase the speed with which we can innovate and recapture market share both efficiently and effectively.
 2014AnnualReport // 1

During the year, we added new leaders and built a strong and proven team. We were excited to welcome Tim Slottow as the new president of University of Phoenix in June. His accomplished background in aca- demic operations and strategic planning made him the ideal selection to help lead the university forward. We also engaged new executive deans for each of our schools to lead the college-specific strategies.
With an eye toward truly preparing our students for long-term careers, we are expanding the breadth and depth of our offerings with a deter- mined focus on programs directly connected to in-demand jobs in today’s evolving and competitive economy. In 2014, this included refreshing more than 540 courses, launching 30 new programs, adding 47 new certificates, and providing students with advanced new career service tools.
DIVERSIFYING APOLLO EDUCATION GROUP
We made meaningful and measurable strides in 2014 to diversify Apollo Education Group as we continued to grow our existing Apollo Global business and expand our academic reach through exciting new opportunities.
Global Highlights
• We expanded our global network with the acquisition of Open Colleges Australia and Milpark Education in South Africa and, in early fiscal year 2015, FAEL in Brazil. Apollo now has institutions on six continents and we are strategically well-positioned in key markets around the world.
• Every Apollo Global institution grew in 2014. For example, Open Colleges significantly exceeded our growth projections and is well positioned to continue as one of Australia’s fastest growing education providers over the next several years.
• BPP, our largest global subsidiary, returned to profitability with revenue growth in the high single digits year-over-year. Located in the United Kingdom, BPP continued to gain market share, with 39 of the top 50 law firms in the country sending their trainees exclusively to BPP’s law school.
• In Mexico, ULA expanded its learning centers and is seeing above-market growth in its working adult program. They received the prestigious “University of Excellence” designation, an honor only the top three percent of universities in Mexico have earned.
• In Chile, IACC developed an online risk management program working closely with leading mining companies to support one of Chile’s largest industries.
• In South Africa, Milpark continues to be ranked among the top three accredited business schools in the country and is now planning to expand offerings throughout the African continent.
• Bridge School of Management is now serving multiple cohorts across its various post-graduate programs and is expanding its program offerings further to serve the needs of working adults and employers across India.
Indeed, we are not merely expanding our brand across the globe; we are expanding our impact.
Targeted Opportunities for Continued Growth
Addressing the second component of our diversification strategy— targeted opportunities for continued growth—2014 brought the cre- ation of our new Professional Development Group. We are developing advanced, rigorous, and relevant career-connected education for the $100+ billion corporate learning market. This includes programming in conjunction with our degree programs, continuing education, certifi- cates, boot camps, and other innovative approaches to connect our education directly to a wide range of global careers.
 2014 IN REVIEW
In 2014, the University of Phoenix refreshed more than 540 courses, launched 30 new programs, added 47 new certificates, and provided students with advanced new career service tools.
To enhance the learning experience, we rolled out an innovative new online classroom, implementing a massive conversion of students to the new platform. While there has been short-term disruption around this change, our long-term commitment is to significantly advance the student experience in more meaningful and measurable ways while capturing significantly more data and information around the learning process that can be used to further improve learning outcomes going forward. We also implemented a series of initiatives to enhance student retention, including the increased use of full-time faculty, especially in the first year, an updated introductory course sequence, retention-focused scholarships, and skills-based certificate offerings.
The results:
1. Our total enrollment at the University of Phoenix was 233,500.
2. We had more than 70,000 graduates, bringing our total number of graduates to approximately 880,000.
3. The rate of year-over-year decline of our new enrollments improved at a steady level throughout the year.
 2 // ApolloEducationGroup

Employers have told us that providers of higher education need to do a better job of listening to their needs to ensure future graduates have the tangible and relevant skills to meet their expectations. We are working to educate current and future employees more quickly and effectively so that they not only receive a high quality education,
but are also productive from day one and qualified for exciting new careers. Apollo is listening and adapting to directly solve employers’ human capital needs by providing working learners the skills neces- sary to succeed.
ACHIEVING OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE
We remain deeply committed to our strategic long-term objective of supporting operational excellence and efficiency while providing a unique and career-driven student experience. In 2014, we successfully finished much of the campus realignment we announced in fiscal 2013, strengthened our technology infrastructure, enhanced efficiencies in our marketing expenditures and performance, and took steps to improve student support services. These are just a few of the successes that have contributed to the decrease in our cost base over the prior year.
We endeavored to be more efficient and effective. On both fronts, we have achieved collective and measurable success.
Planning for the Future
As we look to the future, our actions are guided strictly by our ongoing commitment to grow by providing affordable, flexible, rigorous, career-driven higher education—empowering unemployed students to be job-ready and employed students to be more productive and successful in their careers and communities.
This is what they deserve; this is what we must deliver.
There are three significant trends dramatically transforming higher education across the globe:
First, there is marked demand from students and employers to more efficiently and effectively connect education and careers, supporting the growing need for a more skills-focused and career-ready workforce.
Second, there is demand for more relevant curriculum with new mod- els emerging focused on skill development, value, and lifelong learning.
Third, new and emerging technology is driving innovation and trans- forming delivery and engagement. Examples include gaming, smart simulation, personalized learning, and intelligent collaboration. Apollo must be a leader in the positive transformation of higher education to more effectively connect students with careers and to incorporate innovation in delivery, programming and student engagement. We have firmly aligned our strategy to meet these demands.
In fiscal 2015, our strategic direction is focused on the following:
• Student Success and Career Outcomes. Student success is our top priority. Our long-term success is dependent on improving retention, increasing completion rates, and relentlessly focusing on career outcomes at our schools worldwide.
• Employer Solutions. We are building stronger and lasting rela- tionships with major global employers and adapting our curricu- lum and approach to help solve their human capital needs to develop a skills-focused workforce to increase their performance.
• Targeted Growth. We are concentrating our efforts to expand in new markets with high growth opportunities. We are working to develop tools and services connected to in-demand careers and innovative delivery approaches in each market and sector where we compete. This includes serving students through our targeted college strategy at the University of Phoenix and through profes- sional development offerings such as boot camps and other skills-focused non-degree programs.
• Diversify Globally. At Apollo Global, we are growing in our exist- ing markets and exploring new opportunities to expand the stu- dents and employers we serve through our global learning network.
• Operational Excellence. We are leveraging best practices across our global learning network, streamlining and simplifying busi- ness processes, better aligning systems and people to increase efficiency and performance, which we expect will lead to lasting and measurable results.
We are committed to significantly growing our market share and reve- nue base across the globe over the next five years. We will achieve this objective by continuing to stabilize and responsibly return University of Phoenix to growth, expand and grow Apollo Global and our other domestic businesses, and invest in emerging growth opportunities around professional development. We expect our revenue base to be much more balanced in the future and will continue to prudently manage our cost base with focus on healthy margin expansion over the long term.
 It is an honor to be included in the Civic 50. Supporting our communities and a sustainable environment has always been important to who we are as a company.
     2014AnnualReport // 3

On the regulatory front, we continue to actively and productively engage with policymakers and state and federal regulatory agencies to collaborate on solutions to better serve students through higher education. We are committed to lead in high quality student education, advisement, support services, and protections.
We are building a better and stronger Apollo, more diversified, nimble and efficient in order to compete better in the rapidly evolving higher education industry. To do this the right way will take steadfast devo- tion to our long-term mission, vision, and strategic plan without waver- ing during times of dramatic change that exist today in our industry.
Many Thanks
As ever, our greatest asset is truly our employees. I’d like to thank Apollo Education Group’s nearly 13,000 professionals and our over 25,000 faculty for their relentless dedication and unyielding drive to serving our students with compassion and commitment around the world.
I’d also like to thank the tens of thousands of students and employers for their trust and the continued opportunities they offer us to provide the wide variety of lifelong career-learning platforms, along with the tools, skills, and support they need to make a positive and enduring impact in the communities where they live and work.
And finally, I thank you, our shareholders, for your continued support. We take seriously our responsibility to drive long-term value for all of our stakeholders which begins with successful student outcomes and a vibrant and engaged employee base delivering value to our students and their employers. If we succeed in our quest to truly differentiate our universities, diversify Apollo across the $2 trillion global market for higher education, and execute with efficiency and operational excellence, Apollo has the opportunity to drive significant long-term value for our shareholders.
Sincerely,
Greg Cappelli
CEO, Apollo Education Group
  “We firmly believe that historically education has been—and remains today—one of the primary factors that enable individuals to improve their prospects in life.”
—John Sperling
 Honoring John Sperling
 As I close, I want to honor Dr. John Sperling, our founder, who passed away in August 2014. John’s vision, pioneering spirit, and boundless resolve to improve the world through affordable and accessible higher education for working adult students provided a roadmap for families, nations and economies to evolve, advance, grow, and prosper. His ideas and life’s work served as a catalyst for innovations widely accepted as having made higher education more accessible to adult students. John was a consummate fighter and championed the cause to help students who were ignored or overlooked by the traditional higher education system. He believed anything worth having is worth fighting for
and lived by these words every day of his life. Most importantly, he empowered those around him to do the same. His legacy, and ours, is to continue that fight. It was an honor to have worked closely with John. He is truly missed.
 4 // ApolloEducationGroup
