 2
Creating a strong, successful, committed partnership with our students to help them achieve their academic and personal goals is the single most rewarding part of Apollo. We are currently preparing a half-million students globally for new challenges and new opportunities. Our students rely on us to provide them with state-of-the-art technology, hands-on education with real-world experience, and a genuinely innovative approach to learning. Together we have changed the very nature of higher education. Our 845,000 college graduates are a true testament to our impact and our dedication.
For more than forty years, we have been bold, forward-looking, and innovative. This is even more important in an industry that some believe has lost its value, become too stagnant, bureau- cratic, and ineffective. Apollo’s founder, Dr. John Sperling, has been a pioneer in demanding change in an antiquated higher education system. Ultimately, he found a new and better way to provide an opportunity for hundreds of thousands of students to obtain a quality education and earn a college degree. What has been true since our founding forty years ago will remain true for the next forty years: we will continue to innovate and work hard to help millions of students create a better life through education—one person at a time.
Year in Review
Our next forty years begins today and we start with a strong financial foundation. During the past year we set out to differ- entiate University of Phoenix, diversify Apollo Education Group, and drive operational excellence throughout our organization. While there is much work still to be done to reach our ambi- tious goals, we have made significant progress in each of these areas. We have realigned much of Apollo and University of Phoenix in the past 12 to 18 months, grown our international business, and introduced changes to become a much more efficient organization overall.
In fiscal year 2013, the company reported consolidated revenue of $3.7 billion, compared to $4.3 billion in fiscal year 2012. Oper- ating income was $427.4 million, compared to $676.3 million in the prior year. Net income attributable to Apollo was $248.5 million, or $2.19 per share, compared to $422.7 million, or
$3.22 per share, in fiscal year 2012. University of Phoenix ended fiscal year 2013 with total degreed enrollment of 269,000 students, compared to 328,400 students at fiscal year end 2012.
From a financial perspective, although our revenue and oper- ating profit declined over the previous year, we performed better than our initial expectations at the start of the year. We implemented a comprehensive, streamlined strategic plan, a new linked goal system that clearly and concisely aligns the individual goals of employees to the primary corporate objec- tives for Apollo, along with continued fiscal discipline, and determined execution.
Our major initiatives in 2013 included the addition of new cer- tificate programs to strengthen our academic experience, an expansion of our adaptive learning system, the preliminary roll-out of our new learning platform, and the introduction of new retention initiatives. All of these initiatives are off to a strong start and further support our commitment to our stu- dents. In addition, our accreditation was reaffirmed for 10 years at University of Phoenix and Western International University. While we received notice status for both institutions, we are working to fulfill the requirements necessary to move through this process in a timely and successful manner.
Over the past year, we also repositioned Western International University to serve the more self-directed student, launched new programs in India, expanded our presence in Mexico, and reached significant milestones at BPP. We made great strides improving our operating efficiency and decreasing our cost base. We also changed our name to better reflect our commit- ment to education.
These changes demonstrate our continued commitment to our students. I am pleased with our achievements in 2013 and what we have done to remain a leader in this dynamic, evolving industry. But we cannot stand still or rest on our laurels.
We will continue to strive to be better and remain on the cutting-edge of innovation, because that is what our students expect and demand. I believe our next forty years will be as exciting, successful, and rewarding as our last forty years.
 dear Shareholders,
i am pleased to write this letter to you as the cEo of Apollo Education Group. i feel privileged to lead one of the most dynamic educational organi- zations in the world. Every day, our team—with 44,000 dedicated faculty and staff worldwide—has the honor of serving passionate, motivated adult students who want to improve their lives through education—and make their families, their commu- nities, and the world a better place.
 
                                                      Differentiated Career Connected Education
We listen to our students and understand that as working adults they want to acquire tangible skills to compete and achieve suc- cess today. They want a more effective way to learn that leads to a better career path—whether they enroll in degree, non-degree or certificate-based programs. Our mission is to combine our education and career enhancement tools with our students’ talents so they can move forward in life. Everything we do is centered upon that mission. It starts with a commitment to offering differ- entiated, career connected education at University of Phoenix and all our schools.
As we create bridges between education and careers, improving student completion and career outcomes is a paramount objective. We are working to achieve this by providing a variety of pathways to support our students’ career preparation, leveraging the latest technologies, new delivery models, and other innovations to pro- vide education and training that connects more directly to gradu- ates’ employability. We are constantly reassessing our offerings, eliminating programs that don’t fit workforce needs, and estab- lishing new programs tied to in-demand jobs. This includes help- ing our students build competencies throughout their education journey and demonstrating their value in the marketplace before degree completion.
This all supports our goal to provide an excellent academic experi- ence for students that also supports employers in hiring qualified, engaged employees. We are broadening our relationships with more than 2,500 corporate partners, working directly with organizations such as Cisco, Microsoft, Adobe, NewellRubbermaid, Hitachi, Sodexo and the American Red Cross. By working directly with these partners and many others, we better understand what employers want so that we can tailor our academic programs to fit their requirements and fill their critical employment needs. They seek graduates who can help their companies thrive immedi- ately, and our programs are a direct response to those human capital needs.
To further differentiate us from the rest of higher education, we focus on delivering educational experiences that directly prepare students for their professional field of choice. University of Phoenix is structurally realigning to focus on managing and operating its eight distinct colleges more individually to address the specific needs of the markets they each serve. With accountability for driv- ing performance at the college and program level, our leaders are dedicated to academic quality, retention, leading product and marketing innovation, and creating an enhanced student experi- ence within each college at the University of Phoenix. By serving our students’ needs in this most personal way, we meet Apollo’s organizational goals at the same time.
The alignment of University of Phoenix by college is intended to improve student outcomes, since student retention and comple- tion are our top priorities. We know that if students don’t progress, if they don’t complete their program and earn their degree, they
likely will not achieve their career aspirations. To ensure that they do, we are redesigning our curricula, including modifying the structure of our entry courses and implementing improved sup- port systems. We also are increasing our use of full-time faculty for first-year courses, making improvements in our orientation program, and expanding the use of adaptive learning. Significant change in retention and completion rates requires a long-term, sustained effort. We are completely committed to engaging and supporting our students throughout their progression to gradua- tion, ensuring they have the support they need to succeed.
Growth through Diversification
Organizational changes and improvements are critical to our growth, but another key component of our strategy is to diversify Apollo Education Group. We are focused on leveraging our core strengths, our network of institutions within Apollo Global, and new service offerings to more broadly meet the changing needs within higher education. Diversification is essential to our growth strategy.
Global Diversification
We have made strong progress at Apollo Global this past year. We have built a solid foundation to expand our international opera- tions and move into new markets. For example:
• BPP, our largest Apollo Global subsidiary, continues to grow its group of partner employers that have selected BPP to train their employees. One-third of today’s new entrants to the British legal profession are educated by BPP, and two-thirds of all accountants in the UK study with BPP at some point in their careers. This is a perfect example of fulfilling our mission, by equipping a new generation of legal professionals with the experience and educa- tion they need. Having received full university status and the maximum period of reaccreditation, BPP is well positioned to serve the world’s needs for quality business and professional education. I am especially pleased to share BPP recently received the honor of Best Higher Education Provider and Best Profes- sional Education Provider in the United Kingdom from Education Investor, judged by leaders in business, government and the representative body of UK Universities.
• In India, we are partnering with HT Media to launch our first two pilot post-graduate certificate programs at the Bridge School
of Management. We were able to leverage the knowledge and competencies from other Apollo Education Group entities to build an exciting new platform in India which we hope will enable many students to further their career aspirations. Our students concentrate their programs in the high-demand fields of infor- mation technology, finance, marketing, and human resources. Students in these 11-month programs combine real-world job experience and interactive online curriculum, working in cooper- ation with local employers who seek additional training for their growing workforce.
• Aligned with our global expansion strategy, we acquired Open Colleges Australia in December. Open Colleges offers students highly flexible, accessible and affordable programs in disciplines
Apollo EducAtion Group, inc.
 We are focused on expanding our relationships with more than 2,500 corporate partners, working directly with world class organizations to better understand and support their human capital needs.
                                               3

    The honor of being included on the Civic 50 is a true testament to our organization’s commitment to education, career readiness, sustainability, and community engagement.
such as healthcare, community services, business and management, finance and accounting, technology, and design. This opportunity broadens our reach to serve adult learners in the growing Australian education and training market, and provides a platform to operate and expand in other areas of the region. Open Colleges shares our com- mitment to academic quality, service, and bridging educa- tion to careers. We are proud to have Open Colleges join the Apollo Global family.
• We continue to expand our working adult offerings in Mexico. Already in fiscal 2014, Universidad Latinoamerica (ULA) has opened three additional learning centers and now has a total of 10. The retention rates have improved dramatically and are quite impressive with the vast majority of students re-enrolling every five weeks for their next course. We are learning important lessons on the retention and outcomes front in Mexico and other geographic regions where we have a presence, and intend to leverage these lessons back into our domestic operations.
These are just a few highlights from Apollo Global as we work to broaden our reach and diversify our services. We continue to explore opportunities to expand our global operations in important and growing regions across the world where there are now more than 200 million students in higher education. We believe that a strong and vibrant international knowledge network will only enhance our domestic capabilities through shared resources and best practices globally.
Innovative Education Offerings
We are aggressively pursuing targeted strategies within each product and service line to better serve our students and to grow our business. This includes pursuing opportunities at our existing institutions and expanding into new areas.
For example, we launched a truly comprehensive strategy at Western International University in May, which involved changes to virtually every aspect of the university. At West, we revamped the academic and service models to increase flexibility and offer students a more self-directed approach, and lowered tuition by half. The cost of traditional higher education is an important topic of discussion, and we remain committed to delivering the best value proposition possible across all of our institutions and programs of study. Our commitment to ensur- ing that we operate in the most efficient way possible will enable us to better serve our students and better compete
in the marketplace. Thus far we are encouraged by positive student feedback in response to the new model.
At Apollo Lightspeed, we built an online experience led by the world’s leading experts on business innovation. As Lightspeed’s initial offering, Innovator’s Accelerator allows business execu- tives and managers to develop and apply innovation skills, encourage disruptive thinking, and create fresh ideas within
their organizations. Since its launch in early 2013, business leaders from across many leading industries, including com- panies such as Cisco Systems and Kimberly-Clark, have signed on to accelerate innovation in their organizations with this tool. We soon will introduce a new product focused on chang- ing the way people seek and attain higher education.
Operational Excellence
Apollo Education Group is financially healthy with minimal debt and a strong balance sheet, which will allow us to con- tinue to innovate and invest in the future of our students. With the changes outlined here, we are working to be even stronger in the future. To position us for long-term success, we are focused on driving operational excellence across all of our institutions. We have to be as efficient and effective as possi- ble to best serve our students’ needs. After the actions we have taken this past year, we are more nimble today than we have been in the past, and are able to deliver critical services much more efficiently. Our students can see this first hand with an enhanced enrollment experience, streamlined finan- cial aid process, and easier interaction with graduation teams. In 2013, we announced plans to reduce our ground campus network at University of Phoenix by half due to the changing demands of our student base. This change, along with other strategic decisions, has decreased our fixed operating costs by $350 million. In 2014, we plan to continue to thoughtfully reduce our cost base and closely manage expenses, with
an ongoing commitment to delivering a world-class student experience.
A Final Thought
As we enter 2014, we believe we are well positioned with a strong strategic plan, the appropriate investment of human and financial capital, and the dedication and commitment to achieve our long-term goals. We are working to differentiate our institutions, diversify our services, and drive operational excellence. These changes rest squarely upon our continued commitment to our students. I am confident that if we deliver a strong academic and student experience connecting educa- tion to careers, these efforts will support improved retention and career outcomes, the stabilization of enrollments and, ultimately, expand the base of students we serve, positioning the organization for future growth. Apollo Education Group has changed the very structure of higher education and, through the strong partnership we have with our students,
we will continue to lead far into the future.
I am proud of the commitment of our teams and all they have done to make us stronger for the future. But while I
am encouraged by the progress we made in 2013, I know
we can do even better. Thanks to the dedication of our team members and the talents of our students, together, we intend to continue to innovate, lead the industry, and help our stu- dents better their careers and their lives through education.
We look forward to continuing this important work through 2014 and beyond.
Sincerely,
Greg Cappelli
Chief Executive Officer, Apollo Education Group
   4
 