to our shareholders, customers, associates and friends:
 a culture that values performance
 10
 
  Annual Compounded Returns
S & P 11%
0%
debt extinguishment,-1m00u0%lti-employer pension plan withdrawal charges, costs related
• Sales
• Shareholders’ Equity
• EBITDA*
• Interest Expense
$4,500 $4,000 $3,500 $3,000 $2,500 $2,000 $1,500 $1,000 $500 $0
FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10
7000%
6000%
5000%
4000%
3000%
2000%
1000%
Airgas 21%
$1,800 $1,600 $1,400 $1,200 $1,000 $800 $600 $400 $200 $0
2010 AIRGAS ANNUAL REPORT
2010 AIRGAS ANNUAL REPORT
     Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures appear on pages 72 through 75, including a
*
reconciliation to reported earnings of $2.34 per share, which reflects the impact of
FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY
to an unsolicited takeover attempt, and tax benefits. Note that Interest Expense
8687888990919293949596979899000102030405060708
includes the discount on the securitization of trade receivables.
Every year, when I sit down to write this message, I look for the theme that sums up the previous 12 months at Airgas. This year, it was simple because the theme that defines fiscal year 2010 is the same one that has defined Airgas from the start: character.
Airgas is an organization that is up to any challenge. We have been able to grow and evolve over the years because our associates recognize that you don’t grab success. You earn
it by stacking one small win on top of another, cultivating one satisfied and loyal customer after another, adjusting to market conditions and making changes that set you up for success far into the future.
This past year tested our character. It was a true gut check. In the midst of the worst recession since The Great Depression, we had to adapt, but calling on the core strengths of our people and our culture, we came out of the year with some incredible successes and major momentum. It wasn’t another across-the-board record year, but it was a year when our resiliency and strong business model came to the fore.
Overall, Airgas sales in fiscal 2010 declined 11 percent from the prior year to $3.9 billion, and the resulting adjusted earnings per share* were down 14 percent to $2.68. Same- store sales declined 14 percent in total, driven by a 20 percent decline in hardgoods. In a sharp illustration of the economic severity, we experienced a down year in gas and rent same- store sales – one of our key profit drivers – for the first time in our company history.
doing the right thing for the long term
Operating in one of the toughest financial environments in recent memory, Airgas responded by staying true to our company ethos: “Do the right thing for the long term.”
We completed construction on two new air separation units, strengthening our supply chain and our expanding bulk gas business. We made six acquisitions with aggregate annual revenue of $47 million. We opened a world-class hydrocarbon center of excellence and a new a liquid carbon dioxide plant in Houston, and made other major plant upgrades nationwide.
Investments in fiscal 2010 also centered on our people, product lines and operating processes. With Core Strategy II training, we continued to improve our service skills. We also made major strides in the construction of a new SAP information system that will give all Airgas associates access to shared, real-time data and give us the ability to work between branches and across regions to find the right solutions – more quickly – for our customers. After an intense year of planning and training, the phased implementation of the new system begins in
July 2010.
It doesn’t end there. In the past year, we also introduced a new service group focused on providing helium to retail customers, developed a product – our AiRxTM diesel exhaust fluid – to
help fleets reduce harmful emissions from diesel trucks and continued to advance efficiency programs at our gas production sites, fill plants and stores.
In the face of society’s “take the money and run” mentality, Airgas held true to its beliefs in 2010. We did the right things for the long term.
highlights and encouraging momentum
That’s how Airgas reacts to a rough economic situation. We find ways to adapt and advance, and as a result, we chalked up some big wins in a tough year.
In fiscal 2010, Airgas achieved record free cash flow* of $411 million, even as we made substantial capital expenditures including opening new plants, adding to our stock of cylinders and tanks, investing in new computer systems, purchasing “green” electric vehicles for our distribution centers and installing ultrasonic cylinder testing equipment in our fill plants. This robust cash flow is vital for our long-term vision, enabling us to continue to expand our footprint, enhance our operations and retain our position as the leading packaged gas company in America.
There were other financial highlights, as well. Our adjusted earnings per share* of $2.68 was within our May 2009 guidance and in line with our fiscal 2008 results. We were upgraded to an investment grade credit rating, and we increased our annual dividend by 36 percent compared to the previous year.
Russell 9%
  11
 Shareholders’ Equity, EBITDA, Interest ($ Millions)
Total Holding Period Return
Sales ($ Millions)

   Most encouraging was the way the year played out. Airgas ended fiscal 2010 with a number of positive indicators. Our fourth quarter sales were 4 percent higher than the previous quarter, and we saw a 2 percent increase in sales-per-day during the last 90 days of the year. March 2010 was our first positive same-store sales month since November 2008, when the global economy came crashing down.
ready for the rebound
The economic recovery appears to be building momentum,
and Airgas has historically performed well following a downturn. But we’re not simply looking to past performance
as an indicator of future success. Compared to the last
major recession in 2002, Airgas is a much stronger and
more customer-centric company. Our sales are more heavily weighted to our profitable gas business. We have better trained associates and increased and improved functional capabilities.
Our progress in these areas accelerated in fiscal 2010.
In the strategic accounts area – the multi-site, regional and national customers that today account for nearly 20 percent
of our overall revenue – we realigned our sales and marketing organization and formed dedicated teams for 10 distinct
and unique industry segments. Now, when a large energy company or healthcare chain comes to Airgas, they get access to experts who are steeped in the workings of their particular market segments and can engineer the right solutions. This same segment expertise also supports our local sales force in towns all across the country, making Airgas the right choice for customers of all shapes and sizes.
Our company also evolved in the way we deal with new business lines. Throughout our history, Airgas has continually expanded outside our core industrial cylinder gas offering into new higher-growth business categories: bulk, medical and specialty gases; safety products; and carbon dioxide and dry ice. Now, our organization has evolved in the way we integrate these new businesses into the existing Airgas culture and foster cooperation between our Airgas functional groups and these new adjacent businesses.
Fiscal 2010 offers two great examples of how this synergy enhances customer service and revenue growth.
In fiscal 2009, we combined three recent acquisitions to form Airgas Refrigerants, which instantly took its place as the
leading refrigerant gases supplier in the heating, ventilation, air conditioning and refrigeration industries. In the past, it would have operated as a standalone business, with its own sales and service representatives. But in fiscal 2010, with a program dubbed “Operation Cold Front,” we combined the strengths of
Airgas regional companies – customer contacts and strong reputation – with the capabilities of the Airgas Refrigerants team. The team approach is generating wins both big and small across the country.
We took a similar integration approach with our Airgas Merchant Gases business, which produces and delivers bulk gases to customers across the U.S. Working with our regional companies and market-focused teams, our merchant gas business has
been earning business from new customers in many different industries. This winning combination, which leverages the benefits of being a fully integrated gas supplier, and our customer base of 1 million strong will contribute powerful profitability as the economy recovers.
no retreat
I’m particularly proud that this growth and progress occurred during a time period when Airgas could easily have fallen prey
to a bunker mentality. But that’s not in our DNA. We are a company that always looks forward and finds ways to improve regardless of the external environment. Simply put, we find ways to overcome obstacles. Even when business is booming, we’re not satisfied if we think there’s a better way to gain ground and serve customers.
Above all else, Airgas values performance. We’re people of action – and results. In fiscal 2010, we earned the Compressed Gas Association’s (CGA) two top driving safety awards – for safest bulk fleet and safest cylinder fleet. This only happened because we set our mind to making safety top-of-mind in our culture.
 12

2010 AIRGAS ANNUAL REPORT
2010 AIRGAS ANNUAL REPORT
    We also earned the CGA’s Environmental Recognition Award for energy efficiency and recycling programs at our six distribution centers. And, we earned a place in both the S&P 500 index and the FORTUNE 500 list. All of this while continuing to support soldiers and their families through our corporate sponsorship of Operation Homefront.
With incentive compensation programs linked to EBITDA, growth, return on capital and other financial performance metrics, Airgas associates get rewarded only when the company and its shareholders do. Fiscal 2010 wasn’t the best year for financial rewards, but it could easily have been much worse.
Outstanding financial management has always been a
hallmark at Airgas, but this year, we saw an incredible financial performance by our managers who kept us on track despite the challenging economy. Their work – and the amazing performance of Airgas associates at every level and in every job – was impressive beyond words.
When Air Products launched an opportunistic hostile takeover bid for Airgas at a grossly inadequate price, the Airgas board of directors moved swiftly to protect the interests of shareholders and unanimously rejected the offer. The Airgas board stayed true to its conviction that shareholders deserve full and fair value for their investment in the world’s premier packaged
gas company. The response of Airgas associates has been outstanding, and all 14,000 of us are energized. As a leader I have come to appreciate the fact that a bright light is shining on Airgas, and we are excited to show the world the great results we’ll deliver as we remain focused on our customers and our business.
driving better results ... together
Looking back from a not-so-distant vantage point, I really believe that fiscal 2010 was a year of extraordinary challenges and extraordinary achievements.
Our board of directors provided invaluable guidance and wisdom. Our executive team developed outstanding programs and lent strong leadership. Our regional management addressed every challenge on the front lines and, for sure, our front-line associates carried our company forward – taking care of their customers even as they found ways to reduce costs, taking part in customer service and computer training and volunteer in their local communities.
It was a collective effort that allowed us to win new customers, maintain our long-term competitive edge, achieve strong earnings deep into the recession and post solid results through the downturn.
Now, as we start to recover from the economic tsunami, Airgas has its sights set on sales increases and double digit earnings growth in fiscal 2011 – and has set balanced three-year earnings targets. The investments we made in infrastructure, training, acquisitions and our new enterprise-wide information platform will generate healthy returns. Our operating, growth and financial planning strategies, which steered us through the storm, will guide us to greater heights in a recovering economy.
But more than anything, you can depend on Airgas’ character to deliver the type of performance and results that have defined our company for the past three decades. There is
no doubt that it is the Airgas culture which is responsible for driving our results over the years. And, our culture is stronger than ever and will enable us to outperform in the future.
Peter McCausland
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer June xx, 2010
 Airgas is making investments in advanced technologies and infrastructure that enable us to better serve our core industrial gas customers and meet the needs of our expanding customer base in high-growth market segments such as bulk, specialty and medical gases.
 13
