  To Our Shareholders, Customers, Associates, and Friends,
 Peter McCausland
In this year’s annual report, we present who we are at Airgas, which is
fitting because the essence of who we are... our market leadership, our national footprint and our broad portfolio of gases, hardgoods and safety products...
is what our customers want and need and is what helped this franchise grow and strengthen in fiscal 2001.
Although adjusted earnings per share were flat with last year, beneath the numbers, there were clear signs of positive momentum as the growth investments we have made in the last few years are beginning to pay off. Our decisions to expand Strategic Accounts, pursue cross-selling, introduce strategic products and add private-
labeling are now yielding results and driving sales growth for Airgas in a weak industrial economy.
Positive momentum
In fiscal 2001, sales grew nearly 6% to $1.6 billion. Total same-store sales were over 3% higher for the year, with greater than 5% growth in gas and rent revenues, reflecting our strong gas distribution franchise and the non-cyclical nature of this business. Some of the drivers of this growth included:
• Our Strategic Accounts program exceeded $130 million in revenues in fiscal 2001, more than 8% growth from the prior year, as large customers turned to us to
help reduce their supply chain costs.
• We are cross-selling more to current customers. For instance, nearly 30% of our Strategic Account business comes from accounts that buy gases, hardgoods, and safety products. That penetration is twice the percentage of just a year ago.
• Safety and other strategic product categories are contributing to sales growth. Overall safety sales grew 9% to nearly $250 million.
• Our private-label Radnor brands reached an annual run rate of $45 million at year- end, a 40% increase over the previous year.
In addition to our sales momentum, free cash flow strengthened 15% to $0.94 per diluted share. The strong cash flow characteristics of this business helped us reduce debt by $113 million during the year, strengthening our balance sheet.
Strengthening the team
More positive momentum can be seen in the attitude of the team of people who run Airgas. During the last three years, we have brought some outstanding talent into Airgas. In November 2000, we welcomed Glenn Fischer as president and chief operating officer, who joined us after 19 years with BOC. We now have a well-rounded group of seasoned veterans, who have helped build Airgas into a $1.6 billion company, joined with new leaders, like Glenn, who bring broad talents and expertise to the company. We have a team to take this organization to the next level.
6

 We have established a strategic path forward, aligned the company to achieve our goals, and focused on creating a strong performance culture. We have extended our matrix organization to better support our regional operations with functional leadership that helps drive strong, consistent performance. We believe we can best retain the entrepre- neurial hallmark of our local operations by letting them focus on going to market and serving our customers.
The functional leaders will focus on supporting activities and ensure that we transfer best practices across One Airgas, allowing us to consistently leverage our strengths in key areas across the entire business.
eBusiness eMerging
Our approach to eBusiness in the last few years demon- strates that sure and steady can win the race. We have focused our efforts on developing solid electronic catalogs and business systems. As a result, Airgas eBusiness capa- bilities can have a meaningful impact on our customers’ procurement and transactional costs.
We are now beta-testing a second-generation product with extensive mechanisms that are linked directly to our ordering and business systems, real-time customer account information, and a comprehensive electronic cata- log with more than 200,000 stocked items. We continue moving forward in the electronic marketplace, evaluating each initiative on the same premise we have in the
past, assessing the value it brings to the company and
to our customers.
The way forward
Airgas made great progress in the past year, but there is much more to do. Specifically, we are working to establish Airgas as the low-cost supplier in the industry and to drive market-leading sales growth by leveraging our national distribution infrastructure.
During the year, we took several short-term actions to improve profitability. These include initiating price increases to offset higher costs, reducing our operating costs, and exiting low-return, non-core businesses. In February 2001, we sold our Jackson Dome carbon dioxide reserves and pipeline to Denbury Resources Inc. for $42 million. As part of the divestiture, we obtained a long-term CO supply contract for this important product, while
2
reducing the risk and capital requirements of owning this non-core asset.
We also mapped out five strategic operating initiatives to help us reach our goal of $2 billion in sales, with operating margins of at least 10%, by fiscal 2005. In the next section of this annual report, Glenn and other key executives discuss these strategies.
To help jump-start our initiatives, we established a full- time team with dedicated resources, which we are calling Project One. This work will realize short-term improve- ments from value-enhancing programs and build the long- term scalable infrastructure that will sustain our profitable growth, both organic and through future acquisitions.
We are Airgas
Airgas is building tremendous momentum, and I am thank- ful for everyone who hung in there with us through some tough times. Special thanks go to Bill Rice, our former president and chief operating officer, for his leadership in recent years. Bill has announced his retirement plans, but remains with us this year part-time and as a member of our Executive Committee.
Airgas has better defined who we are in the past several years, as we continue to grow and fortify the business. We’ve made the right investments to leverage our strengths and better serve our customers. We’ve also made the right investments in people, adding to our talent base and our mix of skills. As a team, we are all committed and accountable for achieving our strategic goals.
We have built the leading franchise in the packaged gases business and I see tremendous opportunity ahead. No one else can beat our range of products, our national scope,
or the excellence of our people – the very things that our customers want and need. I want to thank all of you – our shareholders, our associates, and our customers – who have helped contribute to the success of this enterprise.
Sincerely,
 7
Peter McCausland
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer June 8, 2001
 