Airgas Annual Report 2005

T O O U R S H A R E H O L D E R S, C U S T O M E R S, A S S O C I AT E S, A N D F R I E N D S :

Airgas is a remarkable success story. By focusing on distribution, with gas as our principal product, we have become the largest U.S. distributor of industrial, specialty and medical packaged gases, welding and safety products ­ with a well-earned reputation for solid, consistent performance. While we have followed the same basic strategy from the beginning, our focus has changed from time to time as we have responded to developments in the industrial gas and industrial distribution industries. Last year, we added another satisfying chapter to this story. We achieved a long-term goal set in 2001 of surpassing $2 billion in sales, strengthened our core business and medical markets, continued to target strategic growth areas, and completed more than a dozen acquisitions, including our largest, BOC's U.S. packaged gas business. The charts that follow reflect the financial highlights, so I want to take some time to tell you what we are doing to make your company even better. We are focusing on strengthening the relationships we enjoy with all of our key constituents: our customers, our suppliers, our associates and our shareholders. In this report, we recognize some of the ways we have strengthened these relationships and the benefits that have resulted for all of us, and how we intend to make these relationships even better this year and in the future.

7

CUSTOMERS

We have relationships with a broad range of customers ­ from the small-town metal fabrication shop to the largest Fortune 500 firms. Our Core Business Strategy is strengthening our relationships with small- and medium-sized industrial customers with fewer than 100 employees, who account for more than three-quarters of our packaged gas sales. These customers also are likely to purchase all three major product categories: gases, welding hardgoods and safety products. In fiscal 2005, we completed a program to stock all our stores with the most common products these customers need and we trained front-line associates on cutting and welding techniques so they can better anticipate and answer customers' questions. We also enhanced the tools and resources our branch employees use to manage their business, with an effort to streamline tasks that were taking time away from serving our customers. We improved our branch infrastructure through acquisitions, branch upgrades, scratch starts, relocations and more in-store merchandising to make our branches friendlier to our customers. For one customer, trailer hitch manufacturer Valley Industries of Lodi, California, Airgas streamlined the supply chain with the help of vending machines that let workers insert codes or ID cards to select welding supplies, which are then automatically billed to the correct department based on the ID codes. For supplying more than 150 products on a 100% on-time basis ­ including gas deliveries ­ and for keeping billing problems to a minimum, Valley awarded Airgas its Supplier of the Year award. Many of these Core Business Strategy improvements enhance our ability to win customers, branch by branch. We are strengthening our local presence through outstanding customer service, on-time delivery, in-stock products in clean, organized stores, and knowledgeable and friendly branch associates. By combining that level of local service with our tremendous infrastructure, geographic scope, strong portfolio of products and services, and streamlined, standardized processes, we bring our customers benefits that our competitors can't match. Many of our offerings set us apart. For instance, large construction companies get welder rentals and technical support from Red-D-Arc, which saw revenues increase 7 percent. Customers also buy liquid CO2 from Airgas Carbonic, which grew 10 percent; Airgas Dry Ice grew 5 percent.
$ MILLIONS $300 $280 $260 $240 $220 03 04 05

For large customers with multiple sites or special requirements, we continue to add ways to manage more of their supply chain, including placing Airgas Outlook® technicians at their sites to handle cylinder management services. For Southern California Edison, our Outlook technicians help this utility manage its supply of sulfur hexafluoride (SF6) and participate in a voluntary U.S. EPA program to reduce SF6 emissions. These kinds of supply chain solutions have helped us grow Strategic Accounts to more than $300 million in annualized revenues. In many cases, Airgas helps shorten the supply chain by forward-positioning product for sale at the customer's location. For McNeilus, a Dodge Center, Minnesota-based manufacturer of cement and garbage trucks, Airgas runs an on-site store for hardgoods, safety and other supplies, augmenting regular delivery of cylinder and bulk gas.

STRATEGIC ACCOUNTS SALES

8

Airgas Annual Report 2005

As part of our efforts to strengthen relationships with all our customers, we are aligning ourselves more tightly with key markets. In fiscal 2005, we surpassed our growth goals for strategic accounts, bulk gas and safety products, and had good growth in medical and specialty gas. Our Airgas Puritan Medical model has enhanced our relationships with hospitals, home healthcare providers and physicians by integrating all of our resources in dedicated medical divisions in each regional company. This strong network of nearly 300 medical fill facilities, great customer service and innovative products ­ like our WalkO2-BoutTM oxygen cylinder with built-in regulator ­ have helped us continue to grow our medical business to more than $160 million, 16 percent of the medical gas market. The Walk-O2-BoutTM oxygen cylinder is a huge hit with hospitals and other customers who no longer have to worry about leakage or lost and damaged parts. Airgas now has more than 160,000 units deployed, twice as many as a year ago. For our specialty gas customers, we introduced a 318-page specialty gas and equipment reference manual. With information on our product offering as well as guidelines for specifying, measuring and managing gases for various applications, it helps customers reduce the headaches and hassles associated with buying and using our products. We rolled out the new manual at the annual Pittsburgh Conference in February 2005, where Airgas people gave several presentations on selecting and using gases and equipment in the laboratory. We also strengthened our position in life sciences after the Biotechnology Industry Organization (BIO), representing more than 1,000 biotechnology organizations, named Airgas the strategic supplier of packaged gases for its BIO Business Solutions group purchasing service. Sales of safety products grew 14 percent to $336 million on a same-store basis, further cementing our position as the third largest U.S. safety distributor. Safety products sales have benefited from a growing economy and through account penetration of our existing customers. Nearly all of our customers use safety products, giving us a logical way to help provide more products and services to customers. Our efforts to penetrate these key markets have helped Airgas grow through some tough economic times in the past few years. Now, in pursuit of our goal to strengthen our customer relationships, we are stepping up our marketing efforts in these strategic products. Sales of safety products, bulk gas, specialty gas and medical gas are at $750 million and growing at an average of 10 percent annually. The combination of the right strategic products and a broad customer base positions Airgas for great growth in the future. During fiscal 2006, we will explore new and better metrics to measure our performance and how we can make our powerful business platform more user-friendly for all customer segments.
$160 $150 $140 $130 $120 03 04 05 $ MILLIONS $330 $310 $290 $270 $250 03 04 05 $130 $120 $110 $100 $90 03 04 05

BULK GAS SALES

SAFETY SALES

$170 $160 $150 $140 $130 03 04 05

MEDICAL SALES

SPECIALTY GAS SALES

9

SUPPLIERS

Airgas distributes many of the leading brand names in welding hardgoods and safety supplies, and for many of these suppliers, we are their largest buyer. This allows us to build strong relationships that help ensure we have the products we need to meet our commitments to our customers. Over the years, our five distribution centers and centralized purchasing centers have helped reduce the wrinkles in the supply chain and make us a low-cost provider. We've tightened our connections with suppliers through eBusiness tools that give us the ability to search their inventories and then streamline the purchase and payment process. A number of our leading suppliers have helped us expand our offering of Radnor® private-label welding supplies and safety products. Last year, Radnor sales rose 36
$ MILLIONS $100 $90 $80 $70 $60 $50 03 04 05

percent and approached $100 million in annual sales, driven in large part by our customer demand for quality products at the right price. Last year, we partnered more closely with a number of our suppliers in other ways too. As part of our Core Strategy, Airgas worked with representatives from ITW/MillerHobart, Thermadyne and other key suppliers to help train more than 2,000 of our frontline people on the cutting and welding techniques our customers use. Leading safety suppliers also routinely hold educational sessions with our safety specialists and general sales teams. Airgas has worked together with suppliers to create many unique product offerings. Today Airgas has more than 30 MicroBulk delivery vehicles nationwide, most designed and built for Airgas by Chart Industries. These MicroBulk delivery systems provide liquid nitrogen and argon to customers too big for cylinders but too small for on-site bulk installations. We also worked with key suppliers to serve emerging markets, such as life sciences. For instance, Airgas has entered into a three-year agreement with Harsco to serve as a national distributor for its Taylor-Wharton liquid cryogenic Refrigeration, Dewar & Freezer (RDF) products. We also strengthened our relationships with key gas suppliers, including securing long-term supply agreements with BOC as part of the acquisition of its U.S. packaged gas business. We continue to work with the major gas suppliers, like BOC and Air Products, not only to supply the gas to fill our cylinders but also for the support we need to grow our MicroBulk and bulk gas business. In fiscal 2005, our bulk sales were up 10 percent to more than $120 million. During fiscal 2006, we will take additional positive steps to enhance our relationships with those suppliers who will support our growth and the commitments that we make to our customers.

RADNOR ® BRAND SALES

10

Airgas Annual Report 2005

A S S O C I AT E S

The relationship with our associates is a special one. We are a company of entrepreneurs. Our organizational structure pushes responsibility to the front line where those close to the customer have the responsibility and the autonomy to do the right thing for our customers. I really see it as the Airgas family. This may sound corny to some people, but our family is like any other, comprised of people who are independent and free-thinking. It's our responsibility to give these individuals everything they need to perform their jobs and the opportunity to take ownership of their piece of the Airgas business. Last year, our regional companies emphasized the branch-centric nature of our business by putting our area vice presidents and general managers on the front lines so that we can make quicker, more customer-focused decisions. The regions also pushed business planning down to the branch level, which then became the basis of the new Local Gainsharing Plan that pays branch and plant associates a percentage of their sites' above-plan profits each quarter. Under the plan, more than half of all branches received some gainsharing during the year. This summer each region is honoring the best small and large branches with Regional Branch of the Year trophies. From these winners, we will select two national winners. The trophies, constructed from cylinders donated by Taylor-Wharton, have laserengraved bands, which will allow associates at the winning branches to add their signatures to these signature awards of excellence. Like hockey's Stanley Cup, the trophies will be on display until they are passed along to next year's winners. I've already told you of our Core Business Strategy. I should add that this strategy is a direct result of listening to those associates closest to our customers. Through surveys and focus groups of branch managers, we identified those tools they wanted to see. We are also identifying the unnecessary administrative tasks they said were keeping them from focusing on finding and keeping core business. We also restructured our corporate team to provide our regional companies with the support they need to win. One of Airgas' great strengths has been our Airgas culture that includes leadership at every level of our organization. In January, Mike Molinini was promoted to chief operating officer. Over his 32 years in the industry ­ the last eight with us ­ Mike has developed strong credibility with customers, suppliers and associates. After our fiscal year-end, we also named Mike Rohde, formerly president of Airgas South, as senior vice president of distribution operations, reporting to Mike Molinini, with overall responsibility for gas and hardgoods supply chain improvements. We are fortunate to have the best team in the business, so we were able to promote from within for both of these key positions. During fiscal 2006, we will further explore how we can strengthen the feeling of family at Airgas. We want to make sure we are communicating with and listening to our associates so the best ideas emerge. As CEO, I take my responsibility very seriously to protect and preserve this unique corporate culture of Airgas, which is the glue that holds all of our relationships together.
MIKE ROHDE MIKE MOLININI

11

SHAREHOLDERS

2500%

ANNUAL COMPOUNDED RETURN AIRGAS 18%

2000% TOTAL HOLDING PERIOD RETURN

1500%

1000% RUSSELL 11% 500% S & P 9%

0%

-500%

86

87

88

89

90

91

92

93

94

95

96

97

98

99

00

01

02

03

04

MONTH-END (12/19/86 ­ 3/31/05)

Since going public nearly two decades ago, we have recognized our relationship with shareholders is a trust that must be earned. We are proud of generating strong, consistent results for our owners ­ 18 percent annual compounded returns since going public in 1986 ­ and we have done it with honesty and fair dealings. We also have shown our commitment to enhancing shareholder value through quarterly dividends and two subsequent increases in the last two years. On June 30, 2005, we will pay a quarterly dividend of $0.06 per share, up 33 percent from the prior level. From the very beginning, transparency has been a hallmark of this relationship and it will continue to be that way. We will continue to reach out to our shareholders and the broader investment community through our participation in investor conferences and other investor relations efforts. We will do our best to communicate not just our current business results but also the strategies and underlying principles that I have described in this letter and which guide us every day. Our Board of Directors is filled with independent directors who interact regularly and meaningfully with company representatives. With their input, Airgas has established a legacy of steady, consistent performance. Going forward, we will continue to set realistic growth goals that are consistent with the growth and prosperity of Airgas over the long-term. In November, we set a goal to reach $3 billion in sales by the end of fiscal 2008, with a 10-11 percent operating margin. That will require a concentrated, coordinated effort, but I know we are up to the challenge. Your management team will move forward with solid execution and we will continue to demonstrate the financial discipline that the charts in this book portray so well. I welcome the opportunity to push this company to new heights, and I know all my fellow associates do as well.

12

Airgas Annual Report 2005

$2500

$1000

* FY89 ­ FY05 reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA appears on page 69. Note that Interest Expense includes the discount on the securitization of trade receivables.

SHAREHOLDER EQUITY, EBITDA, INTEREST ($ MILLIONS)

$2000

$800

SALES ($ MILLIONS)

SALES $1500 SHAREHOLDER EQUITY $1000 $600

$400

EBITDA* $500 INTEREST $200

89

90

91

92

93

94

95

96

97

98

99

00

01

02

03

04

05

FISCAL YEAR

This is a good time to be an Airgas shareholder. This period is reminiscent of the early 1990's when the industrial economy came back from a downturn. I was confident in our company then and I'm more so now. We have a better infrastructure, well-established growth platforms and the right people in the right places, all of which put us in a position to survive market softness and thrive in economic rebounds ­ like this one. We will continue to pursue both organic and acquisition growth. As I complete this letter in early June, we have already closed on transactions that have added nearly $100 million in annual revenue, including three independent distributors in our core business and a product line addition. On June 1, we completed the acquisition of LaRoche Industries' ammonia distribution business and now operate it as Airgas Specialty Products within our Gas Operations division. We have the right strategic focus and we have succeeded in balancing demands of a performance culture with our individual needs for respect, autonomy and community. We are in the midst of an economic rebound and enjoy strong sales momentum in all product categories. We have built a locally run company infused with an entrepreneurial spirit and have supported it with the largest national infrastructure in the industry. By strengthening our relationships with customers, suppliers, associates, and shareholders, we can turn these competitive advantages into decisive advantages and write another winning chapter in the Airgas story.
FISCAL YEARS ENDED MARCH 31 1987 1988 1989 1990 1991 1992 1993 1994 1995 1996 1997 1998 1999 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 $0 $50 4 $100 $150 $200 $250 $300 4 5 14 1 2 15 5 25 42 24 28 21 21 18 17 18 9 16 28

Peter McCausland Chairman and Chief Executive Officer June 13, 2005

$ MILLIONS

SALES ACQUIRED

NUMBER OF ACQUISITIONS

13

