· We took advantage of our strong cash position to invest in new capabilities and to make significant reductions in our debt, placing Arrow in a strong position to fund future growth. · In February 2004, we further strengthened our capital structure through the issuance of 13.8 million shares of common stock.

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS

Given our strong performance and cash position, we are extremely well positioned not only to capitalize on future positive industry conditions, but also to deliver profitable performance across our business cycles. Creating Strategies for Future Success While we focused on immediately increasing our profitability, we also began to build a strategic business framework for our future. This framework starts with the creation of our vision: To be the clear number one worldwide provider of products, services, and solutions that connects technology with customers, powers the supply chain, and delivers premium investment results. With a clear and shared vision, our global leadership team identified the key business initiatives that represented our most critical priorities. We then engaged Arrow employees from different disciplines, levels, and regions to work on cross-regional teams to create specific plans for these initiatives. The work of these teams included developing strategies for growing our global components business, continuing to expand the services and solutions of our computer products business, and increasing the speed and efficiency of our operations through continuous process improvements. As we studied our opportunities, it was clear to us that the Asian markets will be a critical engine of Arrow's future growth, requiring us to deploy the full range of our capabilities across the region. In our components businesses in the Americas and Europe, we will continue to outgrow the market in both sales and profitability by focusing on continuous process improvement and the development of new supply chain solutions for customers and suppliers. Our computer products business will continue to outgrow the market through its constant development of innovative, end-to-end customer solutions. To be the clear number one worldwide provider to our industry, we must be the clear number one provider in the Asia/Pacific region, which includes China, Taiwan, Korea, Southeast Asia, India, Australia, and New Zealand. Today, approximately 40 percent of the available market for components purchasing rests in Asia. While Arrow holds the number one position in many Asian markets, our Asia/Pacific business represents just 10 percent of our overall revenue. This is a clear and significant growth opportunity for us.

Speeding toward the future is the theme of our annual report this year, and our future will be the main focus of my message to you ­ our shareholders, employees, customers, and supplier partners. 2003 was a year of significant accomplishments for our company as we grew both our sales and our profits in a challenging market environment. Beyond achieving our financial goals, 2003 was also a year during which we engaged our leaders and employees around the world in developing a strategic framework for our business going forward. Traditionally, this letter would focus primarily on our performance and accomplishments for the year. While I will summarize those for you, I believe that you are as interested in where we are going as a company as you are in where we have been. Focused on our future, we began the year by identifying three critical, strategic goals: · Strengthen Arrow to drive both short-term and long-term profitable growth · Create strategies for our future success · Build a global leadership team with shared vision and leadership Strengthening Arrow Our first priority for 2003 was to take immediate steps to increase our sales and operating income and to create a sustainable structure to respond to the cyclical nature of our industry. We put the right people, systems, and processes in place in a strategic structure that is correct for today's reality and can be leveraged for future growth, while delivering results across our business cycles. Our emphasis on increasing efficiency streamlined our operations and reduced our cost structure, even as we continued to invest in the sales resources that drive our top line performance. As a result, our sales outgrew the market, and we gained share in key markets and product segments. Our sales efforts were bolstered by the growing demand in Asia, the improving industry conditions in the Americas, and the exceptional performance of our North American Computer Products business. Growth in operating income, as adjusted,* outpaced the growth in sales, demonstrating the success of our efficiency initiatives and continuous process improvements. 2003 Performance Highlights · We grew our sales by more than 17 percent, from $7.4 billion in 2002 to $8.7 billion in 2003. · Operating income rose to $242 million ­ excluding certain charges and losses that impact comparability ­ an almost 40 percent increase compared to our 2002 results.* · We increased our net income per share to $0.74 from $0.15 in 2002, excluding certain charges and losses that impact comparability.* · We removed $75 million from our cost structure on an annual basis, and in early 2004, we announced a further $15 million reduction as part of our ongoing continuous process improvement initiatives. · Through strong balance sheet management, we generated more than $290 million in cash from operations, bringing the total cash generated from operations to more than $2.6 billion during the past three years of our industry downturn. · The increased efficiency of our operations and our strong balance sheet management decreased the amount of working capital required to support our sales growth to $0.22 of working capital per dollar of sales, the lowest level in our company's history.
*See page 12 in this section for a reconciliation of this information.

As we studied our opportunities, it was clear to us that the Asian markets will be a critical engine of Arrow's future growth.

Our global Asia/Pacific strategy team spent several months analyzing the dynamics of this marketplace to determine how best to capitalize on our local strengths and global capabilities. In addition to the growing number of global manufacturers that choose to manufacture products in Asia, there are several emerging and developing local markets with distinct service needs. The complexities of this market play to our strengths; we manage complex supply chains every day and in every region. We are the best-in-class at providing the solutions our customers and suppliers need to connect technology with end-markets. The markets in Asia, while still developing, are increasingly moving toward requiring this level of support. Success in Asia requires the flexibility to provide customized solutions in each market with the efficiency and lower costs of a centralized organization. To leverage our strong supplier relationships in the region, we centralized supplier marketing, asset management, and purchasing functions. At the same time, we developed targeted sales initiatives to drive demand in local markets. Recognizing that China represents the greatest potential for growth in the region, we expanded our presence and our services in this market, growing our sales by nearly 45 percent in 2003, with a 50 percent increase in year-over-year results in the fourth quarter alone. Across the Asia/Pacific region, we are building sales momentum. Our investments and the hard work of our teams resulted in more than 25 percent sequential growth in the fourth quarter of 2003, with a more than 40 percent increase in sales in that quarter when compared to 2002 sales in the same period.

2

3

Building a Global Team with Shared Leadership As we developed our strategic business framework, we quickly realized that both the creation and the execution of our strategy would depend on shared leadership ­ a leadership model that drives decision making and accountability deeper into our organization. Our business is too complex and too far-reaching for decision making and accountability to rest with just the CEO or a small group of executives. To lead this complex and global business, all of our employees must share our vision and our values and align their work around our strategic framework for the future. For Arrow, shared leadership means that in every part of the world our managers must be involved in the decisions that will drive both local and global performance. Shared leadership requires that managers are accountable not only for the results of their local businesses, but also for their contributions to Arrow's overall performance. Shared leadership leads to shared best practices. A United Kingdom business leader shares his team's approach to continuous process improvement with a team of German leaders launching a similar initiative. An American supply chain management expert works with a team in Asia to launch supply chain management tools that are customized to the local languages and currencies. Practicing shared leadership drives a level of performance that is greater than the sum of our individual regions and businesses. Shared leadership begins at the very top of our organization with our Executive Committee. In order to take advantage of our senior management team's deep knowledge and experience, we announced a new structure that puts the right senior leader in the right place, with the right resources and a winning strategy. Pictured to the right, Arrow's Executive Committee includes the leaders of every business and global function working as one team to lead our company to greater levels of performance and results. Delivering premium investment results for our shareholders also depends on a strong and independent Board of Directors. We continued to demonstrate our commitment to maintaining a substantial majority of independent directors with the July election to our Board of Stephen C. Patrick, Chief Financial Officer, Colgate-Palmolive Company. His broad-based business experience, both domestic and international, and extensive finance background make him a valuable addition to Arrow and to our Board. As we strengthened our leadership team at all levels, we also recognized the contributions of two Arrow leaders who announced their retirements. Robert E. Klatell, Executive Vice President and longtime Arrow Board member, retired at the end of 2003. Rob spent more than 30 years as a member of our senior management team, advancing Arrow's growth and playing a significant leadership role in our acquisition strategy. In addition, after more than 30 years with Arrow, Betty Jane (B.J.) Scheihing, our Senior Vice President of Global Operations and Human Resources, announced her plan to retire effective June 1, 2004. During her distinguished career, B.J. has made many substantial contributions to both Arrow and to our industry. She has helped shape Arrow into the successful company it is today. On behalf of Arrow's Board, senior management team, and employees, I want to thank both Rob and B.J. for their leadership and commitment to Arrow. Arrow: Speeding Toward the Future In 2003, we strengthened our business to deliver profitable growth both for today and for the future. We created a culture where continuous process improvement is becoming an integral part of the way we do business. We developed the strategic roadmaps for our future success. We invested in the capabilities and resources that will drive our future growth. We built a global leadership team with a clear vision that practices shared leadership to tap into the talent and best practices of our more than 11,000 employees. Ultimately it is the talent, commitment, and passion of our employees that drive our success. They connect the technology innovations of our suppliers with the product design and development needs of our customers. They add power and speed to the global supply chain for electronics manufacturing. When I joined Arrow more than a year ago, it was to be part of this team in a company with a great foundation and tremendous growth potential. Arrow is speeding toward the future with the most talented team in our industry and the resources and capabilities to power the global supply chain and to deliver premium investment results.

"Practicing shared leadership drives a level of performance that is greater than the sum of our individual regions and businesses."

The Executive Committee, Arrow Electronics
(From left to right)

Jan M. Salsgiver Vice President, Global Strategy and Operations Germano Fanelli President, Arrow EMEASA B.J. Scheihing Senior Vice President, Global Operations Michael J. Long President, Arrow North American Computer Products Mark Settle Vice President and Chief Information Officer Paul J. Reilly Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Peter S. Brown Senior Vice President and General Counsel John Tam Chairman, Arrow Asia/Pacific Harriet Green President, Arrow Asia/Pacific Susan M. Suver Vice President, Global Human Resources Brian P. McNally President, Arrow North American Components

William E. Mitchell President and Chief Executive Officer
4 5

