We've made strategic progress

James J. O'Brien Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

and shareholders. I would like to offer a warm welcome to our new employees from Hercules and say we are proud to have you as members of the Ashland team. Together, our united company now begins the work of building a strong new future. Our people, technologies, products and services will drive our growth for years to come.

To our shareholders
In the three years since we sold our petroleum refining assets, followed by the paving and construction business, we have been on a journey to change Ashland in very substantial ways. Our objective has been to create a more focused company built around a strong core of specialty chemicals businesses that better position us to generate predictable, consistent earnings and strong cash flows. We have taken serious steps to refocus our enterprise within a very difficult economic environment, redesigning our business models to address the realities of the global marketplace and acquiring businesses in growth markets to enhance our specialty chemicals offerings. This is a very exciting time in Ashland's history. As we go to press with this 2008 Annual Report, we have already started another chapter. On November 13, we completed the acquisition of Hercules, which represents a pivotal step in achieving our objective to create a major, global specialty chemicals company. This is a landmark event for our combined employees, customers
2

Fiscal 2008 operating results
The year 2008 presented significant challenges for many chemical businesses and the economy as a whole. Weak conditions in the North American construction and transportation markets not only persisted, but also grew deeper and spread around the globe as our fiscal year came to an end in September. Unprecedented increases in the price of crude oil for most of 2008 dramatically impacted raw material costs. This affected all of our businesses, which experienced varying degrees of difficulty in offsetting cost escalation with price increases in light of the weak demand environment in many end markets. In spite of these obstacles, Ashland generated $358 million of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) for fiscal 2008, representing a modest 3-percent increase over the $349 million of EBITDA earned in 2007. Sales and operating revenue grew 8 percent to $8.4 billion, largely due to price increases. Revenue from operations

in a difficult economic environment.

is a high-volume, low-margin business, the long-term target is outside of North America grew 10 percent over fiscal 2007 and represented approximately 30 percent of total revenue. Growth in Asia Pacific and Latin America exceeded 20 percent, while Europe saw revenue rise by 6 percent. Generating sustainable cash flow over an economic cycle is a critical measure of our value, and we placed significant attention on this metric during fiscal 2008. This focus paid off substantively, as Ashland generated cash flows from operating activities from continuing operations of $478 million in 2008, a $289 million increase over fiscal 2007, and more than triple the amount of cash we generated in fiscal 2006. Much of our success in generating cash this year has come from our emphasis on working capital management. Our internal benchmark of operating-segment trade working capital to sales decreased by 300 basis points to 12.3 percent of sales, largely driven by inventory optimization in Ashland Distribution, but also benefiting from attention to accounts receivable across all of our businesses. While we're pleased with our success, particularly in the latter part of the year, we know that each and every day, we must continue our efforts to optimize cash flow. While we achieved some successes in 2008, we also experienced some disappointments. Our EBITDA margin was 4.3 percent, a decline of 0.2 percentage point from fiscal 2007. Our long-term objective is for our businesses, excluding Distribution, to earn EBITDA averaging 10 percent to 11 percent of sales and operating revenue over the business cycle. For Ashland Distribution, which in the range of 3.5 percent. These targets are consistent with the operating income targets of 8 percent, and 3 percent for Distribution, that we have previously stated. Given the significant amount of noncash charges expected to affect earnings for the foreseeable future as a result of the Hercules acquisition, EBITDA becomes a more meaningful measure of our financial progress than operating income, and we believe it aids in understanding our performance. At 6.1 percent, our return on investment declined 1.9 percentage points from fiscal 2007, and continued to be well below our target level of 10 percent to 12 percent.

Commercial results
Our Ashland Performance Materials business saw EBITDA decline 25 percent in fiscal 2008, largely driven by significant declines in its major end markets ­ construction and transportation ­ coupled with substantial increases in raw material costs. A modest year-over-year gain in the casting solutions business was not enough to offset the substantial declines in both the composites and adhesives businesses, as the North American automotive and housing sectors reported month after month of dismal numbers. We are encouraged by the progress Ashland Distribution made in fiscal 2008. After declining by more than half in fiscal 2007, Distribution's EBITDA increased by 19 percent in fiscal 2008. This recovery reflects the positive impact of the changes we've made
3

We're now on a march to becoming
in Distribution's business structure and pricing processes that enabled significant improvement in gross profit as a percent of sales, despite the difficulties in its customers' end markets. After bottoming at 7.0 percent for the September 2007 quarter, the gross profit percentage increased in each sequential quarter of fiscal 2008, and at the close of the September 2008 quarter, was 8.1 percent. Valvoline delivered its second-best year ever for EBITDA. At $115 million, it was just slightly below the record of $117 million set last year. In addition, our Valvoline Instant Oil Change® unit, which increased same-store sales by 7 percent, and Valvoline International, including its joint ventures and licensees, which grew volume nearly 15 percent, posted record annual operating income. These results were achieved despite soft consumer demand, driven by soaring gasoline prices, and significant margin pressure as the cost of base oil increased more than 50 percent during the year. While our total lubricant volume in the U.S. was essentially even with the prior year, we believe that's better than the market overall. Further, we believe the business model changes we made the past couple of years enabled us to better manage the severe volatility in raw material costs. Ashland Water Technologies' EBITDA declined 16 percent versus the prior year, as it worked through a number of key operating issues, including pricing management, cost structure, and supply chain optimization, in addition to rising raw material costs. As the year drew to a close, however, Water Technologies was able to attain some success in reducing its cost structure and has achieved annualized run-rate savings of $14 million going forward.

Business highlights
While the acquisition of Hercules significantly advances Ashland's specialty chemicals profile, we likewise made a number of strategic moves to augment our technology portfolio during fiscal 2008. In June, we completed the purchase of the pressure-sensitive adhesives and atmospheric emulsions businesses from Air Products and Chemicals Inc. for $92 million. Now part of Ashland Performance Materials, these businesses generated $126 million of revenue in 2007. This is a highly desirable strategic fit with our resins platform and our business in the adhesives and coatings market space. It meets our objectives for adding scale in a targeted segment that has expectations for above-average growth and attractive margins. The water-based emulsion

"Together, our united company now begins the work of building a strong new future. Our people, technologies, products and services will drive our growth for years to come."

4

­Jim O'Brien

a bigger, better company.
technology from Air Products nicely complements our established solutions technologies and our UV/EB technologies that came to us through the recent Northwest Coatings acquisition. In June, we announced a proposed 50-50 joint venture with Süd-Chemie AG to serve the global metal casting industry. While much remains to be done to bring this venture to completion, if consummated, Süd-Chemie and Ashland would be able to pursue similar strategies of providing solutions for the rising technological requirements of modern foundries, while seeking international expansion, especially in developing countries.

Formula for growth
In order to grow Ashland as a specialty chemicals company and create value for our shareholders, over the past several years, we have divested noncore businesses, acquired complementary businesses, expanded our footprint in important geographies like China and India, completed share repurchases and paid a significant special dividend. The acquisition of Hercules represents a major advancement within this multiyear strategy to develop a defined specialty chemicals core. This has been and will continue to be our formula for growth. I thank the employees of Ashland and Hercules who have worked tirelessly to bring about this transaction ­ both those employees involved directly with the transaction and integration and those who have carried on the work of serving our customers and growing our business. We're now on a march to becoming a bigger, better company with stronger cash flows and more predictable earnings. Best regards,

With gratitude for 36 years of service
I wouldn't close this letter without acknowledging the contributions of Marvin Quin, who retired in May. Marvin joined Ashland in 1972 and served as CFO for the past 16 years. His keen understanding of our business, the capital markets, and the economy, coupled with his high standards, served the company well, and he provided significant leadership during a period of great change for our company. His insight, judgment, and dedication were of great value not only to the company, but to me personally. He has been a teacher and mentor to many, and everyone who has had the privilege of knowing and working with him holds him in high regard and has a deep appreciation for his many and varied contributions.

James J. O'Brien Chairman and Chief Executive Officer November 21, 2008

5

