We are moving forward with focus as a specialty chemicals company.

James J. O'Brien Chairman and Chief Executive O cer

To Our Shareholders The acquisition of Hercules in fiscal 2009 was a defining moment in Ashland's 85-year history. With that one action, we have taken a significant step forward in creating a leading specialty chemicals company with strong market positions and global reach. Who could have predicted that we would complete the Hercules acquisition in what has been one of the worst global recessions in decades? But more important than just completing the acquisition, we have rapidly and successfully accomplished the majority of the integration and captured anticipated synergies ahead of schedule. While a few key projects remain in progress, we have largely moved beyond integration to operating our new, unified company. At the same time, we also resized Ashland and made necessary adjustments to our business models to meet changing market demands. Today, we operate three specialty chemicals businesses with leadership positions in additives, water technologies and composite materials. These businesses are complemented by our Ashland Consumer Markets and Ashland Distribution commercial units, which are leaders in their own markets and enhance our cash-generating ability. This has been an extraordinary year for Ashland. Our employees rose to the occasion on many fronts, providing a solid foundation from which to build a new and promising chapter in Ashland's history. Together, our people, technologies, products and services provide us with significant potential for long-term growth.
1

Our performance during fiscal 2009 demonstrated our ability to generate cash during a difficult demand environment.
Resilient in a tough economy Not unlike many businesses around the globe, Ashland was challenged by the difficult economic conditions prevailing this past year. In the face of this, we empowered our commercial units to take immediate action to address the demand destruction, deflation and destocking that occurred across the industries we serve. Aggressive reductions of operating costs and increased focus on pricing processes and margin management enabled us to grow our EBITDA, on a comparable basis, versus prior year, despite volume declines in all of our businesses. You can see the results of this in a business like Consumer Markets, which is our Valvoline® business. This commercial unit shattered its earnings record this year due to a combination of strong gross margin management, focused marketing and excellent operational performance that drove both market share gains in the important Do-It-Yourself market channel and increased same-store sales in company-owned Valvoline Instant Oil Change® centers for the third consecutive year. Across all of our commercial units, we have kept the focus on our customers, recognizing that our ability to adapt our offerings to meet changing customer needs will help us to maintain the long-term relationships we value. In today's environment, more than ever, we believe the depth of our technical, application, marketing and sales expertise by industry is paramount in differentiating Ashland from its competitors. Generated more than $1 billion of cash flows from continuing operations We continue to be highly focused on cash generation and believe this is important to drive value for our shareholders. Our performance during fiscal 2009 demonstrated our ability to generate cash during a difficult demand environment: we generated more than a billion dollars of cash flows from operating activities from continuing operations. Our company contributed cash earnings of well over $500 million, while also driving more than $450 million out of our investments in operating assets and liabilities ­ mainly working capital. Ashland Distribution led the way in working capital improvements, generating roughly $225 million during the year. Its strong focus on both inventory and price management, along with improvements made to its business structure during the past few years, enabled Distribution to increase earnings slightly, despite a 31-percent decline in sales, contributing to our overall cash and profit generation. We also received net cash proceeds of $107 million from the sale of our Drew Marine business during the fiscal year. We used our cash to pay down debt, and we now have a billion dollars less debt than we did a year ago. With our debt at $1.6 billion, we have achieved our target for an appropriately leveraged capital structure and are now shifting excess cash flow from debt reduction to increasing liquidity, which will provide greater financial flexibility for Ashland as we move forward. Focused on performance Like most businesses, Ashland has taken unprecedented action to cut costs and resize itself to fit reduced global market demand. We have cut more than $350 million out of our cost structure, two-thirds of which is permanent. Aggressively managing the other third ­ as volumes and the economy recover ­ should enable increased margins and profitability over and above historical levels. During fiscal 2009, our new Ashland Aqualon Functional Ingredients commercial unit achieved a double-digit increase in sales in its pharmaceutical business and increased volumes in its coatings additives business. Although many of its end markets experienced considerable volume declines during fiscal 2009, margin management and cost reductions helped mitigate the effects. New product introductions, including its important Aquaflow® line of thickeners for architectural paint, continue to be a focus and should help fill the pipeline for future growth. The integration of Ashland's former water business with that of Hercules was a key accomplishment in fiscal 2009. We now have the scale needed to compete in this business on a global basis, with our people positioned in those markets where water quality is critical and the opportunities are most attractive. While undertaking the bulk of the companywide integration activities, our newly unified commercial unit also dramatically improved its operating performance and cash flow, on a comparable basis. The result was a strong year for Ashland Hercules Water Technologies.

2

Our Ashland Performance Materials business, the third commercial unit comprising our specialty chemicals core, was especially hard hit by the severe declines in the construction and transportation markets. Margin management worked to partially offset the negative impact on earnings of these volume reductions. As the fiscal year ended, we were encouraged to see slight signs of recovery in Performance Materials' end markets. Moving forward Although we are seeing some early and small signs of demand recovery in many of Ashland's end markets, we expect the economic environment to remain challenging in the near term. I am confident, however, that our businesses are poised for performance. While our positions in less-cyclical, but growing markets, such as personal care, pharmaceuticals and water treatment, help provide stability through the economic downturns, it is some of the more cyclical industries, such as transportation and construction, that may offer disproportionate top-line growth opportunities as the economy recovers. We have taken decisive action and are proving every day that we can generate cash, manage our debt obligations and achieve success in operating our newly combined company. We believe that our efforts in 2009 have positioned the company well from the perspective of market exposure, cost and capital structure to not only withstand the economic uncertainty ­ but to also benefit from economic recovery. I am proud of the work our employees are doing to move Ashland forward and thank them for their continued focus on our customers. I am confident that the commitment of our employees and the operating leverage we have created should enable Ashland to grow and to enhance profitability over the long term. Best regards,

James J. O'Brien
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer November 20, 2009

We have largely moved beyond the integration of Hercules to operating our new, unified company.

3

