Track record. It's what sets apart good companies from the truly great. It's the ability to deliver sustained sales and earnings growth, regardless of the economy or competition. And ultimately, it's how our success will be measured in transforming Ashland into the world's best specialty chemical company. We're off to a good start.
James J. O'Brien Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

To Our Shareholders: Fiscal 2012 was a defining year for Ashland. With our transformation into a global specialty chemical company complete following the acquisition of International Specialty Products (ISP) in August 2011, we set our sights on delivering sustained sales and earnings growth. One year later, I am pleased to report that we have made solid progress toward our long-term financial goals. Our performance in 2012 demonstrates that we are on the right strategic track. Adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations increased 70 percent, to $6.62 per share, driven by good earnings growth in most of our commercial units. We also captured $75 million in cost savings from the successful integration and corporate cost reduction program, improved our capital structure with the refinancing of nearly 90 percent of our 9.125% senior debt, and generated $183 million of free cash flow. You're beginning to see the type of earnings power that we envisioned when we combined Ashland and ISP, with improved margins that better reflect our focus on specialty chemicals. Since fiscal 2007, both adjusted EBITDA and EBITDA margin have more than tripled. We are also more geographically diverse, with nearly half of the company's sales coming from outside the United States and approximately 20 percent coming from the high-growth, emerging markets of Asia Pacific and Latin America.

With the addition of ISP's leading market positions in personal care and pharmaceuticals, we more than doubled the size of our Ashland Specialty Ingredients business. We also tripled our team of research and development scientists, and quadrupled our patent portfolio. We also expanded our ability to deliver industry-leading innovation in a number of important high-growth end markets, including personal care, pharmaceutical, food and beverage, and energy. Today, we are positioned for sales and earnings growth across each of the company's four business units: Ashland Specialty Ingredients, Ashland Water Technologies, Ashland Performance Materials and Ashland Consumer Markets. Our strongest growth vehicle is Specialty Ingredients, which accounts for approximately 35 percent of Ashland's annual sales and nearly 60 percent of the company's adjusted EBITDA. Water Technologies has a leading position in the growing tissue and towel and packaging markets, and we see significant opportunities to expand its business in emerging regions. Performance Materials, a global leader in composite resins, adhesives and elastomers, is targeting growth in areas such as construction, transportation and packaging and converting. Consumer Markets, a leading worldwide producer and distributor of automotive lubricants under the ValvolineTM brand name and America's second-largest quick-lube chain, is taking steps to gain share through more targeted sales and marketing programs both in the U.S. and abroad.

1

We are off to a good start toward achieving our 2014 financial targets. Working together, we have dramatically reshaped the company and positioned it for long-term success.
Fiscal 2012 performance We're off to a good start on the path toward our long-term financial targets, with a number of major accomplishments over the past year. First, we significantly improved our profitability. Ashland's adjusted pro forma EBITDA increased 17 percent, to $1.4 billion, in 2012. This performance was driven by good earnings growth in Specialty Ingredients, Performance Materials and Consumer Markets. Our adjusted EBITDA margin finished at 16.6 percent, a healthy gain compared to our 14.2 percent pro forma margin last year. Second, we cut costs, capturing savings more quickly than expected and helping to drive EBITDA growth. Third, we completed the commercial integration of ISP. And fourth, we improved our capital structure by paying down nearly $250 million of debt, refinancing approximately 90 percent of our 9.125% senior notes and implementing an accounts receivable securitization program. Together, we expect these actions will save us roughly $40 million per year in interest expense. Ashland Specialty Ingredients had a very strong year. With the inclusion of ISP for the full 2012 fiscal year, sales rose 129 percent to $2.9 billion. Adjusted EBITDA rose 25 percent, to $763 million in fiscal 2012, while adjusted EBITDA margin was 26.5 percent. This performance was led by strong demand for many of Specialty Ingredients' product lines, higher pricing in the face of raw-material cost increases and improved product mix. In fiscal 2013, we expect solid year-over-year growth in our core focus areas, including pharmaceutical, personal care and coatings, as well as in most of our non-guar energy business. This expected growth will be driven by a combination of overall market expansion, coupled with internal product development. New products, which are defined as those introduced over the past five years and which represented 21 percent of Specialty Ingredients' sales in 2012, are critical to our long-term success. We also see great opportunities to expand capacity through a number of high-return capital investments. Fiscal 2012 was a tough year for Ashland Water Technologies. Sales declined 9 percent to $1.7 billion, while adjusted EBITDA decreased 23 percent to $149 million. Adjusted EBITDA margin was 8.6 percent, down from 10.2 percent a year ago. Markets such as printing and writing have been weak, and our performance within industrial markets has been below our expectations. But water is an important market for us and we believe we can improve this business. The potential here is significant ­ it's a roughly $30 billion market ­ but we must improve our sales efficiency and overall execution to meet our financial targets. We need to be more nimble in meeting our customers' needs, and more accountable when it comes to executing our strategic plans. We also must be more disciplined in controlling our costs relative to sales growth. We anticipate it will take a few quarters for these changes to gain traction, but we are confident that these steps will improve Water Technologies over the longer term. For fiscal 2012, Performance Materials' sales grew 14 percent to nearly $1.6 billion, including the addition of ISP's elastomers business for the full year. Adjusted EBITDA for the year grew 20 percent to $159 million, with an adjusted EBITDA margin of 10.2 percent. Over the past few years, in response to declining industry demand, Performance Materials has taken steps to improve its cost structure by reducing capacity and trimming expenses. These were the right steps to take and today Performance Materials is more competitive. With an improved cost structure, this business can focus on growing sales and volumes through product innovation, anticipated improvement in the North American construction market and geographic expansion in emerging regions. Ashland Consumer Markets turned in a solid performance despite significant volatility in base-oil costs and softness in the do-ityourself market. For the year, EBITDA grew 8 percent to $272 million, while adjusted EBITDA margin increased to 13.4 percent. Sales grew 3 percent, to $2.0 billion. Improved pricing, coupled with lower advertising and promotion costs, led to the earnings rebound. Moving forward, the team at Consumer Markets is taking steps to gain share both in the U.S. and internationally. One example is the agreement signed earlier this year with TNK-BP, Russia's third-largest oil company, to expand distribution of Valvoline products in that market. (In late October, Rosneft ­ Russia's largest oil company ­ announced an agreement in principle to acquire TNK-BP, pending final approvals.) Valvoline International now comprises one-third of Consumer Markets' annual sales. Valvoline Instant Oil ChangeTM, the nation's #2 quick-lube chain, is coming off a very strong year with further market expansion planned.

2

Driving sales and earnings growth One year ago, we established several key financial targets to be achieved by fiscal 2014. These goals included increasing EBITDA to $1.7 billion; expanding EBITDA margin to 17-18 percent; and growing earnings per share from continuing operations to the range of $9.50 - $10.50 per share. Today we are squarely focused on achieving those targets through four areas. Each is an important contributor to our financial performance and, taken together, provide the foundation of Ashland's long-term strategy. First is organic volume growth. We expect each of our commercial units to grow faster than their underlying markets. To accomplish this, we must renew our commitment to driving innovation ­ the lifeblood of our business. Our customers depend on us for leading-edge products and technologies that will help them gain a competitive advantage and grow their business. It's one reason why we have doubled the investment in R&D spending, measured as a percent of sales, since 2007. Examples of this investment can be seen across our businesses, such as in the new R&D and technical centers we recently opened in the emerging markets of India and China. We expect to invest a higher proportion in these regions in the years ahead as we pursue attractive growth opportunities. Margin expansion is the second driver of earnings growth and, based on our performance in fiscal 2012, we are well on our way toward achieving this target. We believe further growth will be supported by a combination of volume gains, improved business mix and capital investments targeted to higher-margin product opportunities. Cost efficiencies represent the third area of focus ­ and one where we made substantial progress in the past year. We are targeting $90 million in overall cost reductions. At the end of fiscal 2012, we already had captured $75 million of annualized run-rate savings from a combination of synergies related to the ISP acquisition and the elimination of stranded costs from the previous divestiture of our distribution business. We expect the remaining $15 million to be achieved by the end of fiscal 2013. Thanks to our cost reduction efforts, Ashland today has a far more competitive operating and cost structure, positioning us for continued earnings growth.

Last is strategic capital investment. We expect our commercial units to generate significant amounts of cash for Ashland that can be reinvested for growth. We are allocating a significant amount of cash to expand capacity, with much of that going toward attractive growth opportunities within Specialty Ingredients. This is our time In closing, we are off to a good start toward achieving our 2014 financial targets. Working together, we have dramatically reshaped the company and positioned it for long-term success. In fiscal 2012, Ashland's total shareholder return, including stock price increase and dividends, was 64 percent -- easily beating the 28.5 percent return for the Standard & Poor's MidCap 400 index and generating roughly $2 billion in new shareholder value. Now it is time to build on our momentum and deliver the sustained financial performance that all of us expect. This is our time. This is our opportunity to establish a track record of performance that will define Ashland for years to come. Thank you for your continued support. Best regards,

James J. O'Brien
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer November 19, 2012

3

