The Ashland team executed at a high level in fiscal 2015 to deliver year-over-year earnings and margin growth amid a number of broader economic challenges. We still have a lot of work ahead of us, but this is an exciting time for Ashland employees, customers and shareholders. We are creating two great companies that are positioned for success with the flexibility, strategic focus and financial resources to generate faster, more profitable growth.
William A. Wulfsohn Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

To Our Shareholders: Fiscal 2015 marked a milestone year for Ashland as our teams delivered strong year-over-year earnings and margin growth despite significant headwinds, and we announced, in late September, a plan to separate Ashland into two independent, publicly traded companies. For the year, adjusted EBITDA grew 4 percent, to $1.1 billion, on sales of $5.4 billion. We were able to achieve that growth despite an approximately $110 million headwind from the combined negative effects of foreign currency and divested/exited product lines. Meanwhile, adjusted EBITDA margin improved to 20.8 percent, a 320-basis-point increase compared to fiscal 2014. This performance was driven by operational improvements, cost savings from the global restructuring completed earlier in the year, and pricing discipline. Upon joining the Ashland team in January, I established four core priorities: · Ensure we delivered against our near- and mid-term financial EBITDA margin expectations; · Maintain a disciplined approach to capital allocation; · Move to the front lines to listen to, and learn from, Ashland's employees, customers and shareholders; and

· Continue to drive and evolve Ashland's well-established strategy. Looking back, I believe the Ashland team made tremendous progress against these four priorities. First, the team executed at a high level to enable us to make great progress. All three of Ashland's business units met or exceeded their adjusted EBITDA margin expectations for the year. Ashland Specialty Ingredients (ASI) was able to increase its margins by 210 basis points, to 23.3 percent. The ASI team achieved these impressive gains by providing differentiated solutions to customers. As a result, ASI outgrew the broader market in three core focus areas: hair care (more than 10 percent volume growth); pharmaceutical ingredients (6 percent volume growth) and hydroxyethylcellulose (HEC), used primarily in the coatings market (approximately 3 percent volume growth). At the same time, the ASI team continued to aggressively manage its product mix by exiting non-core product lines such as redispersible powders and industrial biocides, and acquiring the patented Zeta FractionTM technology from AkzoNobel. ASI also continued to focus on differentiating through innovation, as evidenced by the launch of a number of proprietary personal-care products during the year.

1

In fiscal 2015, Ashland returned $495 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. We also announced a new $1 billion share repurchase authorization, reflecting the board's continued confidence in Ashland's strategic direction, as well as management's view that Ashland stock remains an attractive investment opportunity.
In addition, savings from the company's global restructuring led to a significant year-over-year decline in Selling, General and Administrative (SG&A) costs. As a result of these actions, even in the context of strong headwinds from foreign exchange and weakness in energy markets, ASI was able to drive significant improvement in its adjusted EBITDA margin during fiscal 2015. Ashland Performance Materials (APM) reported strong margin improvement in fiscal 2015 driven by lower raw-material costs and good pricing discipline. Adjusted EBITDA margin climbed 210 basis points, to 12.6 percent. Adjusted EBITDA totaled $146 million. This performance was driven by volume growth in Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) from penetration of APM's value-added products sold into residential construction markets. Perhaps more importantly, the APM team aggressively managed operating margins in a falling raw material cost environment by driving cost savings from the global restructuring and holding prices where possible as raw material costs declined. Valvoline is in excellent shape as it enters its 150th year. The business unit reported a 330-basis-point increase in adjusted EBITDA margins while growing the business and generating record adjusted EBITDA of $411 million, up $51 million from fiscal 2014. The Valvoline team did a great job executing on their strategy to drive profitable growth across the four major channels. The Valvoline Instant Oil ChangeSM team made tremendous gains by leveraging their unique operating model to increase oil changes at company-owned sites to an average of more than 40 per day per store. In addition, both the U. S. Installer and Do-It-Yourself (DIY) channels were able to drive growth in premium-branded lubricant sales and enhance already strong marketing programs to support key customers. Valvoline's international division reported strong second-half results after a slow start to the year. New channel partners in China, Southeast Asia, India and Latin America are expected to contribute to growth in fiscal 2016. Earlier this year, Valvoline completed the divestiture of its car-care products assets in order to focus on driving more rapid, profitable growth within its core lubricants market. Maintain Disciplined Approach to Capital Allocation The second core priority for fiscal 2015 was to maintain the company's disciplined approach to capital allocation. We kept capital spending in line with depreciation. We pursued projects with high returns on incremental capital, such as through capacity expansions to support demand growth in a number of our key product lines and end markets, including coatings, personal care and pharmaceuticals. Consistent with our commitment to return cash to shareholders, we increased Ashland's dividend by nearly 15 percent and completed the previous $1.35 billion share repurchase authorization. In total, we returned $495 million to shareholders through these actions in fiscal 2015. In April, Ashland announced a new $1 billion share repurchase authorization. We executed the first $500 million of that authorization in the first quarter of fiscal 2016. This new authorization reflects the board's continued confidence in Ashland's strategic direction, as well as management's view that Ashland stock remains an attractive investment opportunity. Putting this all together, Ashland leveraged stronger earnings and share repurchases to generate a 23 percent increase in adjusted earnings per share while strengthening each business unit's operating performance and adjusted EBITDA margin, investing in our future, and improving our future cash flow trajectory. Listen and Learn My third core priority was to meet with customers, shareholders and employees ­ to listen to your ideas and suggestions while learning more about the opportunities within our industries and markets. To that end, I want to thank you for your candid and constructive feedback during our face-to-face meetings and through the survey that many of our institutional shareholders participated in earlier this year. Your feedback was very helpful. We listened and have incorporated many of your thoughts and ideas into our plans.

2

Drive and Evolve Ashland's Well-Defined Strategy The fourth core priority in fiscal 2015 was to drive and evolve Ashland's well-defined strategy. In early spring, we initiated a comprehensive strategic planning review by the company's global leadership team to better understand Ashland's markets, customers and the opportunities for each business to create the most value for shareholders, customers and employees. The review led us to conclude that Ashland today has two strong business platforms with attractive growth opportunities. We also concluded that because the chemicals businesses are so different from Valvoline, and given the strength of Ashland's balance sheet and each business unit's cash flows, these two platforms could grow faster and create more value for shareholders if separated. Creating Two Great Companies In late September, Ashland announced a plan to separate into two independent, publicly traded companies. The new Ashland will be a global leader in providing specialty chemical solutions to customers in a wide range of consumer and industrial markets. Valvoline will focus on building the world's leading engine and automotive maintenance business by providing hands-on expertise to customers in each of its primary market channels. Each company will be a leader in its respective industry, with the capital structure, financial resources and capital allocation strategies to drive greater revenue and earnings growth. Separation planning and key work streams are well under way. Ashland is in the process of designing each company to succeed. The work is being led by a project management team composed of business and resource group leaders from around the world. Ashland is on track to complete the separation consistent with the previously stated timeline. We believe this separation will create tremendous opportunities for each company to focus on a distinct set of strategic objectives and go-to-market priorities. The new Ashland will focus on: · Driving growth in higher-margin, value-added core product lines; · Leveraging the innovation pipeline by driving new product introductions;

· Enhancing our commercial capabilities; · Optimizing the business and product portfolio; and · Taking a disciplined approach to capital investment. Separately, Valvoline will focus on: · Growing its network of Valvoline Instant Oil ChangeSM stores; · Leveraging the Valvoline brand across multiple channels to capture new market share; and · Expanding its presence in Asia, Europe, Latin America and other international markets. This separation represents both a fitting end and a new beginning. In one respect, it caps a remarkable decade-long transformation spanning dozens of acquisitions and divestitures. On the other hand, this separation serves as a catalyst for each company to move forward in creating a truly singular vision, focus and culture. Looking Ahead In closing, the Ashland team executed at a high level in fiscal 2015 to deliver year-over-year earnings and margin growth amid a number of broader economic challenges. In the year ahead, we will continue working to drive organic growth, actively manage our portfolio and pursue acquisitions opportunistically. We still have a lot of work ahead of us, but this is an exciting time for Ashland employees, customers and shareholders. We are creating two great companies that are positioned for success with the flexibility, strategic focus and financial resources to generate faster, more profitable growth. Thank you for your continued support. Sincerely,

William A. Wulfsohn
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer November 20, 2015

3

