on the move ...
JAMES J. O'BRIEN, Chairman and CEO

Dear Shareholders:
Ashland is on the move.We are transforming ourselves and are determined to consistently outperform our competitors. As customers reward us with their business, our shareholders should also be rewarded.

Fiscal 2003 was about change. But execution drove results in 2004. It was a year of extraordinary progress. The hard work, drive and dedication of our employees has made Ashland much stronger and better prepared for the future. Fiscal `04 results demonstrated our ability to leverage opportunities in an improving economy and to grow our businesses organically while cutting our costs. We began the year with the Top-Quartile Cost Structure initiative, putting into place cost-savings projects that translated to more than $120 million in savings and exceeded our initial targets. We then restructured

1

the organization from a holding company into a dual-core operating company with two sectors, Chemical and Transportation Construction. As a result, we have moved forward with multiple, cross-company process initiatives that will ultimately help us reach our goal of top-quartile performance. This new, unified Ashland approach reflects the similarities between our businesses rather than focusing on their obvious differences. Over time, our new structure should foster efficiency and innovation. Taken together, the work we completed enabled us to finish the year with the second highest operating income in Ashland's 80-year history. Operating income was $662 million versus $266 million for the prior EXCEEDING EXPECTATIONS Results from operations were impressive. year. Sales revenues were up Improved margins contributed to a sharp rebound from the Transportation 10 percent. Additionally, we improved how we manage capital and reduced debt to 36.4 percent of total capital.
$8,301

$7,785

$7,544

$7,390

$7,566

Construction Sector, commercially known as APAC. Operating income increased to $111 million versus a loss of $42 million last year. APAC continues to transform its business with sustained focus on cost control and the improvement, expansion and growth of its core capabilities. The Chemical Sector continued to drive operational excellence by increasing sales volumes and lowering costs. Ashland Distribution achieved record operating income of $78 million, up 144 percent. Valvoline's continued focus on its premium product strategy enabled them to reach record operating income of $105 million, a 21-percent improvement over the previous year. Ashland Specialty Chemical's operating income of $87 million--up 181 percent over fiscal 2003--reflects its strategy to develop innovative new products, provide superior technical service and expand globally.

00 01 02 03 04 Sales and Operating Revenues ($ in millions)

2

Growing a revitalized Ashland is our top priority. Therefore, we will acquire new businesses only when we believe that they reinforce our basis for competition in the markets we serve.

Fiscal year operating income from refining and marketing increased 46 percent to $383 million. Whether or not Ashland's 38-percent interest in Marathon Ashland Petroleum LLC (MAP) is ultimately transferred to Marathon, MAP has been and is likely to continue to be a very successful enterprise, which has considerable value to Ashland and its shareholders. BUILDING A STRONG FOUNDATION The Ashland of today is quite different from the Ashland of a decade ago or even a few years ago, and we continue to find ways to set ourselves apart. We began our transformation by clearly defining the rules of engagement for our organization. A set of corporate behaviors, called The Ashland Way--our vision, values and operating principles (see page 12)--helped develop and embed our high-performance culture.

Each employee at Ashland understands that the organization expects him or her to maintain high ethical standards, that we are customer-driven and market-focused, and that our company is unified with assets owned by Ashland Inc., not by each individual operating unit. Our renewed focus on compliance flows through everything we do, from research and development to sales, marketing and distribution activities. Additionally, we have placed a strong emphasis on diversity. At Ashland, each employee is respected for the difference he or she brings to every meeting, every presentation, every product launch and to the workplace each and every day. IMPROVING OUR STRENGTH PLATFORM Finding the synergies between our businesses is already enabling us to become more nimble. We're taking our products to market faster than ever before. We are creating common systems for research and development, marketing and sales, customer service and product warehousing. Teams from across Ashland are working together to develop innovative products and solutions for our customers. We are using a collaborative approach for research and development activities. We are implementing a common bidding process in the Transportation Construction Sector and cross-divisional sales channels in the Chemical Sector.

3

$831

$645

$321

GROWING FOR A STRONG FUTURE Organic growth is Ashland's first priority. This strategy will enable us to achieve and maintain market leadership in the markets we serve. We will cultivate our research capabilities to develop new technologies, products and services. We will leverage our marketing power to identify and sell our technologies in new markets. These activities will ultimately foster organic growth by strengthening our platform. We realize the importance of reinvesting cash flow wisely. How well we reinvest those funds will significantly impact our future ability to grow as an organization. We must look at ways to do what we do better. Our goal cannot be just to grow big fast. We must make acquisitions that complement our organic growth strategy and maintain, strengthen and grow our leadership position. We will acquire new businesses or technologies only when they reinforce our basis for competition in our markets. Therefore, we must be

00 01 02 03 04 Operating Income ($ in millions)

CREATING A WINNING ORGANIZATION In 2004, our efforts led to a successful year. While we haven't quite reached top-quartile perform-

ance, it is within our grasp. We are transforming Ashland patient. We must acquire new businesses only when we believe--based on into a winning corporation. a careful, rigorous analysis--that we can meet these objectives. And winning is what it is all about--winning the customer, winning the hearts and minds of our employees, winning new investors--and succeeding at the game of value creation. Ashland is on the move ... our agility will enable us to seize opportunities in our markets and outperform our own expectations. I am eager for the work ahead. Sincerely,

JAMES J. O'BRIEN Chairman and Chief Executive Officer November 22, 2004

4

$266

$662

