We are committed to unlocking value for Ashland shareholders. Our goal is to best position Ashland as a premier specialty chemicals company, with sustained sales and earnings growth and EBITDA margins that rank among the top quartile of our peer group.
James J. O'Brien Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

To Our Shareholders: A year ago, we talked about the need to establish a track record of performance that would define Ashland for years to come. Our long-term success would be measured by our ability to generate sustained sales and earnings growth, a critical step toward our vision of being viewed as one of the world's best specialty chemical companies. Ashland's financial performance in fiscal 2013, unfortunately, fell short of our original expectations as we faced a number of challenges. Sales fell 5 percent, to $7.8 billion, while adjusted EBITDA declined 9 percent, to $1.2 billion. On a broader scale, we faced a softer-than-expected global macroeconomic environment. We also experienced lower sales in the more commoditized product lines of guar and intermediates and solvents within Ashland Specialty Ingredients, which is our largest commercial unit. At the same time, Ashland Performance Materials was hurt by price swings in butadiene, a key feedstock, and a soft replacement tire market in North America, which negatively affected our elastomers business. Despite these challenges, Ashland had a number of notable accomplishments in fiscal 2013: · Ashland generated cash flow from operating activities of $791 million. Free cash flow totaled $529 million, a 115 percent increase from the prior year. · Consistent with our commitment to return capital to shareholders, we used that cash to increase Ashland's annual dividend by more than 51 percent, to $1.36 per share, and to buy back $150 million in Ashland stock under an accelerated share repurchase program. · We strengthened Ashland's capital structure by restructuring our debt. In doing so, we locked in attractive interest rates and extended our maturities, all under an investment-grade covenant package. · We completed the integration of International Specialty Products (ISP), with the final piece of cost savings to be captured in early 2014. One significant achievement in 2013 was the turnaround within Ashland Water Technologies, where we saw consistent top-line improvement. Last November, we brought in Luis FernandezMoreno, a former executive with Rohm & Haas, to resurrect the business. We were losing volume and our cost structure was too high. Luis and his team developed a plan to simplify the business, focus on key growth opportunities and deliver better service and value for our customers. The results were impressive, as Water Technologies notched four straight quarters of volume increases. At the end of the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013, EBITDA was running at an annualized rate of $204 million, a 55 percent increase over the prior year.

1

Key Markets
Advanced Materials Agriculture Biorefining Building and Construction Chemical Processing Commercial and Institutional Electronics Energy Food and Beverage General Manufacturing Home Care Metals and Metal Processing Mining and Extraction Municipal Packaging, Converting and Printing Paint and Coatings Personal Care Pharmaceutical Power Generation Printing and Inks Pulp and Paper Transportation

I am also proud of the good progress we made in promoting safety in the workplace. Ashland's overall safety performance improved this year, with 11 percent fewer reportable injuries across the organization. Over the past three years, we have reduced the total number of reportable injuries by 56. Water Technologies and Ashland Consumer Markets stood out in terms of safety in 2013, with reductions of 22 percent and 28 percent, respectively. In addition, we now have 65 sites that have been awarded Responsible Care certifications, while 42 Ashland locations were recognized by the American Chemistry Council for environmental, health and safety excellence in categories such as facility safety, energy efficiency and waste minimization, and recycling. There is good work being done here by our environmental, health and safety teams, and we expect more progress in the year ahead as we work toward a "zero incident" culture. Fiscal 2013 Performance Fiscal 2013 was a tough year for Ashland Specialty Ingredients. Sales declined 9 percent to $2.6 billion, while adjusted EBITDA decreased 28 percent to $550 million and adjusted EBITDA margin fell 550 basis points to 21 percent. The biggest reason was guar-based products, which are primarily sold into the energy market. Specialty Ingredients incurred a $190 million decline in gross profit due to a $31 million loss on the sale of certain higher-cost guar inventory purchased in the prior year, lower margins as a result of improved guar supply and reduced customer stocking levels. The higher-cost guar powder products during 2012 also caused certain customers to search for alternative, lower-cost products and to buy directly from suppliers during the current year. We worked to mitigate this impact by adjusting business strategy, improving customer agreements and reducing inventory levels. Specialty Ingredients also faced pricing pressures in intermediates and solvents. For the year, excluding a non-strategic product line, core pharmaceutical sales were up nearly 3.5 percent, in line with overall excipient market growth. In 2014, a key focus is on the high-growth generic industry in the emerging regions. One example is India, with the opening of our second pharmaceutical research and development Center of Excellence lab in Hyderabad. In addition, we will leverage the strength of our core cellulosic and polymer platforms by

continuing to expand our high-value excipient products that provide functionality as binders, disintegrants and solubility aids. During 2013, our personal care business sales increased 12 percent in emerging markets. Globally, new product sales grew to over 25 percent of total sales. In 2014, we see opportunities to continue to expand our customer relationships with new products and applications. While fiscal 2014 will be challenging for Specialty Ingredients, particularly due to even stiffer headwinds in the intermediates and solvents business, we expect to see better overall demand and volume in the higher margin business, which includes coatings, personal care and pharmaceuticals. In October, Luis Fernandez-Moreno was appointed president of Specialty Ingredients. Throughout his career, Luis has proven adept at driving profitable growth and execution across global business lines. He tackled a difficult assignment within Water Technologies, yet was able to deliver markedly improved results in a very short period of time. Although Luis had been focused on water and paper for the past year, much of his background actually comes in specialty chemicals. Prior to joining Ashland, he spent 25 years in a series of leadership roles spanning Europe, Latin America and the United States. He directed businesses ranging from paint and coating materials to plastic additives and printing technologies. His leadership skills and experience will be valuable assets in the year ahead. As noted above, Ashland Water Technologies made great progress in improving its business and financial performance in 2013. Although sales declined approximately 1 percent to $1.7 billion, adjusted EBITDA increased 10 percent to $164 million and adjusted EBITDA margin grew 90 basis points to 9.5 percent. Earlier this year, the commercial unit reorganized into two global business units ­ pulp and paper chemicals, and industrial water ­ to position itself for systematic growth, value generation and improved competitiveness. In pulp and paper, new product launches have led to top-line growth, and better supply chain execution and tight cost control resulted in increased profitability. In addition, the industrial water side of the business appears to have stabilized, ending fiscal 2013 with three straight quarters of sequential sales growth. We believe that Water Technologies is well positioned

2

to build on this momentum. In 2014, the focus will turn toward winning new business. The team is off to a good start, with several account wins in North America, China and Brazil. In October, John Panichella, Ashland senior vice president, was appointed president of Water Technologies. With 25 years of experience in global water markets at General Electric and BetzDearborn, John is a natural fit to lead this business. He knows the opportunities and challenges that lay ahead as we work toward the expected sale of this commercial unit in 2014. For fiscal 2013, Performance Materials' sales declined 5 percent to $1.5 billion. Adjusted EBITDA for the year fell 23 percent to $122 million, with an adjusted EBITDA margin of 8.2 percent. These results were largely driven by lower demand for elastomers, which reported an approximate $50 million decline in gross profit compared to the strong performance in 2012, as prices were not sufficient to recover previous margin levels due to the fluctuating price of butadiene, a key feedstock. On a positive note, the core businesses of adhesives and composites had another solid year with improved earnings on volume growth of 3 percent. For fiscal 2014, we expect margin improvements in Performance Materials with modest recovery in elastomers and improved product mix and continued volume growth in adhesives and composites, particularly in North America and Asia. Ashland Consumer Markets, a leading worldwide producer and distributor of premium-branded automotive lubricants, turned in a strong performance in fiscal 2013. Although sales decreased 2 percent to $2.0 billion, EBITDA grew 21 percent to $330 million and EBITDA margin improved 310 basis points to 16.5 percent. The lubricant business benefited from lower raw-material costs and volume growth, particularly in our international business. Nearly every region, except Europe, reported an increase in profit contribution. Asia and Latin America were particularly strong. In 2014, the Consumer Markets team is taking steps to gain market share both in the U.S. and internationally. We will continue to build capabilities in Latin America, India and China. One example is the rapid growth in 2013 of the distributor-based business in China. Lube volume from the key distributors improved 35 percent for the year, and we added 40 new distributors, increasing our distributor count by 11 percent. These factors combined to drive lube volume up 27 percent for the year. In addition, we will continue to expand our Valvoline Instant Oil Change business, which grew by more than 30 stores in 2013, by selectively adding new company-owned and franchise stores and focusing on strengthening the service experience for the 9 million customers visiting our stores each year. Unlocking value for shareholders Looking ahead, we are committed to unlocking value for Ashland shareholders. Over the past 12 months, we have taken a series of steps ­ such as significantly boosting our annual dividend and buying back shares ­ to return capital to shareholders. Our plan is to do more.

In early November, we announced plans to sell Water Technologies following a months-long strategic review by Ashland's board of directors, with assistance from outside financial advisors. After evaluating a number of options, the board felt that a sale of the business offered the best path forward, both for the company and for Water Technologies. This decision allows Ashland to focus on its core specialty chemicals business, while John Panichella and his team will have an opportunity to invest in growing Water Technologies' pulp and paper and industrial water businesses. In the first quarter of calendar 2014, we expect to be in a position to announce an agreement to sell Water Technologies. We anticipate using the net proceeds from a sale primarily to return capital to shareholders in the form of a share repurchase. In addition, we intend to sell the elastomers business, which primarily serves the North American replacement tire market. An agreement to sell this business is expected to be announced in the first quarter of calendar 2014. Ashland also announced a global restructuring program intended to drive growth, streamline the organization and improve accountability while saving $150-$200 million per year in the next 12-15 months. Simplifying the company and reducing costs will be important elements of the restructuring. We need to adjust our cost structure to reflect the realities of the marketplace and to bring it more in line with our peer group of competitors. This restructuring should help us become more competitive and generate earnings that are comparable to the top tier of specialty chemicals companies. The plan is still taking shape; an internal team is working through this and we expect to share more information in late January when Ashland reports first-quarter financial results. These combined actions represent the next step toward our vision of being the best specialty chemicals company in the world. With respect to our overall corporate strategy, Ashland's management and board will continue to review our entire portfolio of assets in order to maximize value for our shareholders. Our goal is to best position Ashland as a premier specialty chemicals company with sustained sales and earnings growth and EBITDA margins that rank among the top quartile of our peer group. Thank you for your continued support. Sincerely,

James J. O'Brien
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer November 27, 2013

3

