                 ToOurShareholders:
Ashland’s financial performance in fiscal 2014 marked another step forward on our path to becoming a top-tier specialty chemicals company. The strategic actions we took over the past year to improve our business have created a stronger, more nimble organization with a clearer focus on specialty chemicals. We are seeinggoodgrowthinmanyofourcorebusinesses,andthe benefits from Ashland’s restructuring are helping to drive margin expansion.
In fiscal 2014, Ashland’s adjusted EBITDA grew 4 percent, to $1.1 billion, on sales of $6.1 billion. Adjusted EBITDA margin improved to 17.6 percent, a 60-basis-point increase compared to fiscal 2013 as we continued to make good progress toward our long-term margin target of 20 percent.
Among the highlights from the past year:
• Wereportedgoodgrowthandimprovedoperating performance across most of our businesses. In particular, Ashland Specialty Ingredients capped off a strong year with three consecutive quarters of sequential margin improvement as a business realignment and sharpened customer focus led to accelerated growth.
• Weembarkedonaglobalrestructuringaimedatimproving our competitive position and eliminating $200 million in annual costs. To date, we have achieved more than half of the targeted savings and we are firmly on track to capture substantially all of them by March 2015. This should lead to further margin expansion in the year ahead.
• WecompletedthesaleofAshlandWaterTechnologiesfor $1.8 billion in late July. Consistent with our commitment to return capital to shareholders, we used the proceeds primarily to buy back shares under the company’s existing $1.35 billion share repurchase authorization. Through Nov. 21, we had retired approximately 9 million shares – or roughly 12 percent of our outstanding shares from the time our share repurchase programs began.
Fiscal 2014 Performance
Fiscal 2014 was a pivotal year for Specialty Ingredients, as the commercial unit implemented a number of steps to drive profitable growth. Although sales grew just 1 percent, to $2.5 billion, due to the significant impact of high guar prices in the year-ago period, adjusted EBITDA grew 8 percent to $529 million. The higher earnings were driven by improved product mix, higher volume and continued cost discipline. Adjusted EBITDA margin climbed 140 basis points to 21.2 percent. Earlier in the year,
The strategic actions we took over the past year to improve our business have created a stronger, more nimble organization with a clearer focus on specialty chemicals. As we enter fiscal 2015, the table has been set. Ashland’s growth strategy is firmly in place and our focus now can turn toward execution.
James J. O’Brien
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 1

                2
My hope for the future is that investors recognize Ashland for what we are today — a dynamic, innovative company focused on delivering consistent earnings growth.
Specialty Ingredients – under the leadership of Luis Fernandez- Moreno – reorganized under two divisions: Consumer Specialties and Industrial Specialties. The former serves the personal care, pharmaceutical, nutrition and agriculture markets, while the latter targets the coatings, construction and energy markets.
The aim was to get closer to customers, speed decision making and improve manufacturing and supply chain management. In addition to the realignment, Luis and his team worked at getting the operating model right, focusing on key strategic markets and core technologies while building sales momentum. In the process, ASI generated over $60 million in run-rate savings through the global restructuring. As a result, EBITDA margins increased three consecutive quarters, growing from 19.1 percent in the first quarter to 23.1 percent in the fourth quarter. As we enter fiscal 2015, the Specialty Ingredients team is focused on driving operational excellence. This includes generating profitable growth in the
core businesses, expanding the innovation pipeline through new product introduction, optimizing the product and business portfolio and taking a disciplined approach to capital investment.
Within Ashland Performance Materials, three of the four divisions delivered good earnings growth in 2014, although it was not enough to offset declines within Intermediates and Solvents (I&S), which joined the commercial unit’s portfolio after moving over from Specialty Ingredients. The realignment, in part, was aimed at taking advantage of Performance Materials’ proven track record
in successfully managing businesses which require a lower-cost operating model. For the year, Performance Materials’ sales declined 2 percent, to just under $1.6 billion, primarily from lower pricing within I&S. Adjusted EBITDA for the year fell 8 percent to $166 million, with an adjusted EBITDA margin of 10.5 percent. Higher earnings in composites, elastomers and the former ASK Chemicals joint venture were offset by lower earnings in I&S. Within Composites, sales rose 2 percent and EBITDA climbed 5 percent despite a difficult global environment. These results were driven by improved results in North America, Europe and Asia from increased cost efficiencies and new product and application development in
the energy, transportation, and building and construction markets. Elastomers also showed solid earnings improvement on higher volumes and margins. In October, the company announced an agreement to sell the elastomers business to Lion Copolymer. That transaction is expected to be completed by the end of December. Looking ahead, we expect new products and applications in composites to generate continued growth, helping to offset lower butanediol pricing in I&S.
Valvoline, a leading worldwide producer and distributor of premium-branded automotive and heavy-duty lubricants, finished fiscal 2014 on a strong note. For the year, sales increased 2 percent, to $2 billion, helped by strong volumes in the international and installer channels and product mix upgrades. EBITDA climbed 9 percent, to a record $360 million. EBITDA margin improved 110 basis points, to 17.6 percent. Valvoline’s impressive results primarily were driven by improved product mix, international growth
and continued strong performance from Valvoline Instant Oil Change. Premium-branded lubricant sales grew to 37.1 percent, up from 33.6 percent in 2013. Looking ahead, we will continue
to expand our Valvoline Instant Oil Change business, which
grew by approximately 20 stores in 2014, by selectively adding new company-owned and franchise stores and focusing on strengthening the service experience for the more than 10 million customers visiting our stores each year.
Improving Ashland’s competitive position
Early in the year, Ashland announced a global restructuring program aimed at driving improved operational performance while also achieving $200 million in annualized cost savings. At fiscal year-end, we had made good progress toward repositioning the company for future growth. Among the actions taken to date:
• Approximately800employeeswillhaveleftthecompanyby the end of March 2015 through either a voluntary severance program or job elimination. In addition, Ashland is moving a number of other jobs to existing, lower-cost regional centers of excellence.

                • Ashland’s previously centralized supply chain organization has been integrated into the commercial units, optimizing the level of support needed to serve the varying needs of customers and markets.
• Regional business teams in Europe, Asia, and Latin America were realigned to provide better service and value to customers.
At the end of fiscal 2014, we had captured more than half of the $200 million in annualized run-rate savings. In the year ahead,
we must take a disciplined approach not only to securing the remaining savings, but also to sustaining them. When complete, this restructuring should fundamentally improve Ashland’s underlying cost structure, enhance our competitiveness and better position Ashland to achieve EBITDA margins consistent with the top quartile of our specialty chemicals peer group.
Delivering significant value for shareholders
As I approach my retirement at the end of December, I want to take a moment to reflect on the accomplishments we have made over the course of my tenure. When I moved into this role, our goal was to create a company with excellent growth opportunities, improved earnings power and higher margins. Over the past decade, we have done just that – transforming the company through dozens of acquisitions and divestitures into a high- performing global chemical player. As a result, Ashland’s EBITDA margin has quadrupled since 2008.
That transformation has clearly rewarded our shareholders. From the start of 2003 through early November, Ashland had posted a cumulative return of 573 percent when you include dividends and distribution of Marathon shares in 2005. Over that same time frame, the S&P 500 returned approximately 208 percent.
I am pleased with the steady progress we have made over the
past year in positioning Ashland for long-term sales and earnings growth. As we enter fiscal 2015, the table has been set. Ashland’s growth strategy is firmly in place and our focus now can turn toward execution. We must have a relentless focus on operational excellence. Whether accelerating product innovation for our customers, preserving hard-won cost savings from the global redesign, or making sure that each of our manufacturing plants is operating as efficiently as possible, our global teams must capitalize
on the opportunities at hand. More than anything else, Ashland’s future success will be measured by how well we execute against those plans.
I believe Ashland and its shareholders will be in very good hands with Bill Wulfsohn, who will formally join Ashland as chairman
and CEO on January 1, 2015. His global experience, which includes seven years with PPG Industries, combined with the insights and knowledge he gained over the past four years as CEO of publicly held Carpenter Technology Corp., will serve him well. I look forward to working with Bill in the weeks ahead to ensure a smooth transition.
In closing, my hope for the future is that investors recognize Ashland for what we are today – a dynamic, innovative company focused on delivering consistent earnings growth. I am confident Ashland has the right plan and management team in place to ascend to the upper echelon of specialty chemical companies.
Thank you for your support over the past 12 years. Sincerely,
James J. O’Brien
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer November 24, 2014
                                3
