        CREATING LONG-TERM VALUE THRU
ATI
MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CEO
TM
          A complex titanium jet engine forging.
SUMMARY OF 2014 FINANCIAL RESULTS
We made excellent progress during 2014 and achieved several strategic milestones that better position ATI for
sustained profitable growth. The product commissioning of our Hot-Rolling and Processing Facility (HRPF) was completed; our Rowley, UT, titanium sponge facility was certified as a Premium Quality (PQ)
sponge supplier by a major jet engine manufacturer; and we completed
major long-term agreements (LTAs) that secure significant content for
ATI on next-generation and legacy jet engines.
Sales from continuing operations in 2014 were $4.2 billion, 4% higher
than in 2013. Our key global markets
of aerospace and defense, oil & gas/ chemical process industry, electrical energy, and medical represented
67% of ATI sales in 2014. Sales to the aerospace and defense market were $1.45 billion, or approximately 34%
(16% jet engines, 11% airframe, 7% defense) of total sales; sales to the oil
& gas/chemical process industry were $752 million, or 18% (10% oil & gas and 8% chemical process industry) of total sales; sales to the electrical energy market were $430 million, or 10% of total sales; and sales to the medical market were $211 million, or 5% of total sales.
Results from continuing operations attributable to ATI were a loss of
$2.0 million, or $(0.02) per share, in 2014. Results were impacted by $63.1 million of HRPF start-up costs and costs related to the Rowley titanium sponge facility PQ qualification costs.
We maintained a solid liquidity position with approximately $270 million in cash on hand and no borrowings outstanding under our $400 million domestic credit facility at the end of 2014.
 2 MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CEO | ATI | 2014
   
 We began 2014 with over $1 billion
of cash following the 2013 sale of our non-core tungsten materials business. We utilized our cash in 2014 to pay
down debt of nearly $415 million; invest $226 million in capital expenditures, primarily for the HRPF project; invest $93 million for two acquisitions; and return $77 million to our stockholders
as dividends. Total debt to total capital improved to 37.0% at December 31, 2014, compared to 40.2% at the end of 2013. We have no significant debt maturities for the next four years.
Our U.S. qualified defined benefit pension plan was approximately 76% funded at the end of 2014, as measured for financial reporting, and there are
no required contributions to this plan
in 2015. During 2014, we made several significant changes to certain pension and other postretirement benefit programs effective in 2015. As a
result, ATI expects to recognize lower retirement benefit expense in 2015
and future periods.
As we begin 2015, while challenging conditions remain, drivers of our secular growth markets remain intact. Our extraordinary capital expenditure cycle is nearly behind us; we expect to begin realizing top and bottom line benefits from the HRPF; and we expect to receive product and process qualification for
our PQ titanium sponge during the first half of 2015. We have LTAs in hand with many of our strategic aerospace customers that are expected to provide significant profitable growth opportunities for ATI. We will remain focused on actions to enhance ATI’s competitive position, improve the cost structure of our business, and position our businesses for success.
2014 ACCOMPLISHMENTS
Throughout 2014, we focused
on improving our market position and completing our strategic investments to enhance ATI’s
position as a leading global specialty materials and components producer
and ensure that ATI remains well- positioned to begin a period of sustainable profitable growth.
Our accomplishments during 2014 included:
• We successfully reached several LTAs with strategic aerospace customers during 2014 and early 2015 valued at over $4 billion. These agreements secure significant growth on next-generation and legacy airplanes and are enabled by the capital investments, acquisitions, and technology innovations we have made during the past several years.
• Product commissioning of our
Flat Rolled Products segment HRPF was completed. The HRPF is a critical part of our strategy to transform our flat-rolled products business into a more competitive and consistently profitable business. It is designed
to significantly expand our product offering capabilities, shorten manufacturing cycle times, reduce inventory requirements, and improve the cost structure of our flat-rolled products business. We expect to realize sales growth and cost reduction benefits as we increase production volume during 2015.
• Our Rowley, UT, titanium sponge facility was approved as a PQ supplier by a jet engine original equipment manufacturer (OEM). The PQ qualification process for our products used in jet engine rotating parts made with our sponge is expected
to be completed by mid-2015. We continue to achieve improvements
in key operational areas and expect to steadily increase production rates, and realize lower titanium production costs per pound, as we progress through 2015.
• We acquired two businesses to expand our value-added capabilities to provide components and near-net shape parts. ATI Flowform Products adds precision flowforming process technologies to ATI’s capabilities. ATI Cast Products Salem Operations adds precision machining capability.
• Our unrelenting focus on improving the safety of our operations continued across all of ATI’s operations. In
2014, our OSHA Total Recordable Incident Rate and our Lost Time
Case Rate improved to 2.07 and
0.39, respectively, which we believe to be competitive with world-class performance in our industry.
• We achieved gross cost reductions of $140 million across ATI, which exceeded our initial target of
$100 million.
• We continued to drive lean manufacturing and continuous improvement throughout our operations.
FOCUSED ON OUR VISION AND STRATEGY
We remain focused on returning ATI to the path of sustainable, profitable growth, and we continue
our journey to create an aligned and integrated ATI.
Our vision is: Building the World’s Best Specialty Materials CompanyTM. Easy
to state, challenging to achieve. This vision is and must be the focus of every ATI employee. Our vision recognizes that the job of building, or being, the best is never completed. Our customers continue to demand and expect greater value at a lower price. Our competitors continue to get better. New competitors emerge. Existing technologies evolve and new technologies emerge. In order to be successful in this environment,
we must embrace change. We must be the best at listening to our customers. We must anticipate change and use it to our advantage, not react to it, but think ahead and connect all the dots that exist in running a business that is focused on demanding, competitive global markets.
We achieve this by being relentless, by being innovative, and by embracing change. Status quo loses. Relentless Innovation wins. Our commitment
is Creating Long-Term Value Thru Relentless InnovationTM.
 MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CEO | ATI | 2014 3
  
   LEFT TO RIGHT: John Sims, Executive Vice President, ATI High Performance Components Group; Tri Nguyen, CAD Programmer 1; and Rich Harshman, Chairman, President and CEO, discuss the manufacturing process at ATI Cast Products.
To achieve our vision and commitment, we are focused on
FIVE STRATEGIC PRINCIPLES:
Growth
Readiness
Foundation
Growth
STRATEGIC PRINCIPLE ONE
Be the best at creating value for strategic customers
STRATEGIC PRINCIPLE TWO
Deliver compound-annual profitable growth in diversified global markets
Readiness
STRATEGIC PRINCIPLE THREE
Leverage our technical and manufacturing leadership and capabilities
STRATEGIC PRINCIPLE FOUR
Continuously improve all aspects of our business with focus on safety, quality, cost, and sustainability
Foundation
STRATEGIC PRINCIPLE FIVE
Attract, develop, challenge, and create opportunities for talented and diverse people who share a commitment to our values
       4 MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CEO | ATI | 2014
RELENTLESS INNOVATIONTM

 MARKET/CUSTOMER FOCUS, TECHNOLOGY LEADERSHIP AND UNSURPASSED MANUFACTURING CAPABILITIES
An important part of ATI’s strategy is to focus on diversified high-value global markets with significant technological barriers to entry. These markets require demanding attention to quality due to the nature of the applications of our products. Markets, such as aerospace and defense, oil
& gas/chemical process industry, electrical energy, and medical, require products made to the most demanding specifications.
With the new capabilities of our HRPF, we are now more focused on the growing North American and global automotive market. North American light vehicle production reached
17.1 million vehicles in 2014. In addition, global automotive production levels continue to grow, particularly in Asia.
Global demand has remained strong for our high-value precision and engineered strip for automotive applications such as gaskets, hose clamps, and turbo chargers. We bring our expertise in aerospace alloys to the automotive market as alloy mix continues to trend favorably due to higher engine operating temperatures. Nickel-based alloy and specialty
alloy applications are growing. Our HRPF not only provides the capability to produce these high-value alloys
in wider and longer coils, it also permits us to grow in the family of non-nickel bearing specialty stainless products used for automotive exhaust applications.
Our approach in all of our strategic markets is to work with existing,
new, and potential customers and develop a deep understanding of their current and future needs. These needs generally require multiple solutions, including different alloy systems and different product forms.
The only way we are going to be the best at creating customer value is by creating ATI commercial strategies that are aligned and integrated throughout all of ATI’s business units.
In 2014, we announced a keystone action for this effort when we named Kevin Kramer as ATI’s Senior Vice President and Chief Commercial and Marketing Officer (CCMO).
As ATI’s CCMO, Kevin is responsible for working with ATI’s business
unit leaders and their commercial leaders to build on the full power and capabilities of ATI’s aligned
and integrated commercial and marketing resources.
Kevin has many years of experience with large global companies. He is also a member of the Leadership Council of the Corporate Eco Forum, a by-invitation membership organization comprised of large, global companies that demonstrate a serious commitment at the senior executive level to the environment as a business strategy issue.
I believe ATI is unmatched in the specialty metals/materials industry when it comes to technology and new product development. We have an excellent record of quality and delivery performance. And we are unsurpassed when it comes to manufacturing capabilities.
Now, we are moving to create an aligned and significantly more powerful value proposition to present to our customers.
ATI is a technology leader in the
alloy systems and products that we produce. Technology leadership is an important part of the value proposition for our strategic customers. We have invented and introduced new alloys and products that provide the enabling technology to meet the increasingly more difficult demands from key markets including the aerospace, oil
& gas, and medical markets.
ATI 718Plus® nickel-based superalloy, Rene 65 near-powder superalloy, and our powder alloys have won significant share in the current and next-generation jet engines. In 2014 and early 2015, we further enhanced our position in the aerospace market by winning significant isothermal and hot-die forging LTAs for these and other alloys for next-generation jet engines.
For airframe applications, ATI 425® alloy is now in design manuals.
ATI 425 alloy, a cold-rollable titanium alloy, is now being produced on our HRPF. We are able to make this game- changing titanium alloy in flatter, more consistent coils, which we believe further enhances its attractiveness.
For the oil & gas market, ATI 2003® lean duplex and our newly introduced ATI 2102® lean duplex alloys are being used for offshore platforms and subsea flexible flowlines. These innovative alloys are now qualified
on our HRPF. Longer and flatter coils further enhance the attractiveness of these products.
STRATEGIC PRINCIPLE ONE
Be the best at CREATING VALUE for strategic customers
  MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CEO | ATI | 2014 5

     LEFT TO RIGHT: Bob Wetherbee, Executive Vice President, ATI Flat Rolled Products Group and Hunter Dalton, Executive Vice President, ATI High Performance Specialty Materials Group, at the HRPF. The Specialty Materials Group supplies vacuum melted nickel-based superalloys, such as ATI 718, that are hot-rolled into sheet or strip at the HRPF.
LONG-TERM GROWTH EXPENDITURES 2004–2014
Capital expenditures in 2014 were $226 million, down from $613 million in 2013, which was the peak of our
extraordinary capital expenditure
cycle that began in 2004. Since
the beginning of this cycle we have transformed ATI by investing $4.6 billion in capital expenditures and acquisitions. Approximately 75% of the expenditures have been self-funded.
We can now say that we have built
the foundation for Creating Long-Term Value Thru Relentless InnovationTM.
We have secured our position to
grow faster than the market during this once-in-a-lifetime aerospace market transition from legacy to next- generation airplanes and jet engines. Our Flat Rolled Products segment
is positioned to enable profitable growth across business cycles.
In our High Performance Materials and Components segment:
• We are now integrated for nickel alloys and specialty alloys from powder alloys and premium melt and mill products to parts and components, such as fully machined forgings used in the advanced next-generation jet engines.
• We are now integrated for titanium alloys from PQ quality sponge to unique melting processes and mill products to parts and components, such as fully machined forgings and investment castings used in next- generation jet engines and airframes.
• We also use our integrated capabilities to provide the medical market with unique products used to manufacture prostheses, such as knees and hips, and MRI and other advanced imaging machines.
     LEFT TO RIGHT: Pat DeCourcy, Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer; Dan Barker, Operating Technician; Thomas Bricker, Systems Repairman; and Kevin Kramer, Senior Vice President, Chief Commercial and Marketing Officer, discuss the HRPF from the operating pulpit at the seven-stand mill.
STRATEGIC PRINCIPLE TWO
Deliver compound-annual PROFITABLE GROWTH in diversified global markets
 6 MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CEO | ATI | 2014

 In our Flat Rolled Products segment:
Capital Expenditures
(millions)
• The Hot-Rolling and Processing Facility (HRPF) was built to enable a low-cost, high-quality operation with the capability to compete globally with better reliability and larger,
and wider coils. Now that product commissioning is complete, we begin 2015 with a goal to integrate the HRPF into our daily operations.
• Once integration is complete, we will turn our focus to continuous improvement in product quality, operating efficiency, and delivery performance. We are accountable
to achieve an ever-higher level of operating performance in safety, environmental stewardship, delivery performance, and product quality. We have identified significant opportunities to further reduce costs by optimizing the capabilities of the HRPF, such as reduced stages in
our finishing plants, bigger and wider coils that improve yields, and better integration with our melt shops.
• Our Flat Rolled Products segment
is positioned for profitable growth in diversified markets by growing our high-value products (nickel-based alloys and specialty alloys, titanium and titanium alloys, Precision Rolled Strip® products and engineered strip, as well as grain-oriented electrical steel). In addition, we plan to leverage a broader portfolio of standard and specialty stainless products through a lower cost structure and expanded offerings of non-nickel bearing stainless alloys.
Today, our ability to manufacture industry-leading mill products, near-net shapes, parts, and components from our industry-leading range of alloy
STRATEGIC PRINCIPLE THREE
$600 $500 $400 $300 $200 $100 $0
                                  2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015P
   Leverage our TECHNICAL AND MANUFACTURING LEADERSHIP and capabilities
ATI Rowley HRPF
Depreciation
LONG-TERM SECULAR GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES
Our strategy is to transform ATI into a great company
by being the best at creating value for strategic customers
and achieving compound-annual growth through business cycles in diversified global markets. The objective of our strategy is to better position ATI for long-term profitable growth and to enhance the opportunities to create value for our stockholders across business cycles. Given the inherent cyclicality of our end markets, we recognize that this vision is challenging.
Our goal is not just to grow the top line. We must improve the bottom line and efficiently use our capital to create value for our stockholders. So, we must earn a premium to our weighted average cost of capital. For ATI today, our weighted average cost of capital is about 10%. Our target after-tax return on capital employed is a minimum of 15% through a cycle. Because our end markets are cyclical, we may not earn
 systems, positions ATI with a unique supply chain that can provide value to our customers and create value for our stockholders.
We believe these investments strengthen and enhance ATI’s leadership position in the production of advanced specialty materials products. An advantage of ATI is our multi-materials capabilities and our ability to provide our customers with the optimal solutions to meet the needs of their corrosion-resistant, high-strength, and high-heat requirements. With unmatched products and technologies, we
now offer customers an integrated, seamless, stable, high-quality, and sustainable supply chain.
Nearly all of these investments
have been in the United States.
We believe in U.S. manufacturing
and we understand that the ability
to manufacture the specialty materials products that ATI produces is a critical and core competency of
the United States.
  MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CEO | ATI | 2014 7

     LEFT TO RIGHT: Beth Powers, Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer; Monica Vis, Engineering Assemble; Elliot Davis, Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary; and Seth Ufford, CMM Operator in front of titanium investment cast commercial aerospace parts at ATI Cast Products.
We expect 2015 to mark the beginning of quantitative proof of our strategy that the HRPF will enable the transformation of our Flat Rolled Products segment. Through a combination of new product growth and significant cost reductions, this segment is positioned to return to the level of operating profit we expect. This segment is exposed to secular growth markets as well as markets
that grow and contract with U.S. and global GDP. Most importantly, we must be profitable across the cycles and be profitable at the trough, even when some stainless products sell at very low prices, due in part to unfair trade practices of certain foreign countries that export these products to the United States.
MOVING TO AN ALIGNED AND INTEGRATED ATI
Ibelieve ATI is unmatched in the specialty materials and components industry when it comes to technology and new product development. We
have an excellent record when it comes to quality and delivery performance. And we are unsurpassed when it comes to manufacturing capabilities. We have been moving to create an aligned
and integrated ATI that can provide
a significantly more powerful value proposition to present to our customers.
In November 2014, we made another major move to better align and integrate ATI when Elizabeth C. Powers was named ATI’s Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer. In this new executive leadership position,
Beth leads the alignment, integration, and coordination of ATI’s global human resources activities, including talent acquisition, training and development; compensation and benefits; policies and processes; labor relations; and diversity and inclusion programs.
15% every year — some years it should be more, some years it may be less — but through a cycle, trough to peak, our goal is a minimum of 15% after-tax return on capital employed. Given
the nature of the end markets that we serve, we believe the cycle is approximately 5 to 6 years.
Our manufacturing capabilities are unmatched. They are modern and unique in the world. An aligned and integrated ATI must leverage our technology, manufacturing leadership and capabilities, and commercial strategies to drive long-term profitable growth through a cycle and create long-term value for ATI’s stockholders.
We believe the once-in-a-lifetime aerospace market cycle for which we have been preparing for the last several years is about to enter a long-term secular growth cycle that could be
STRATEGIC PRINCIPLE FOUR
unprecedented. Aerospace backlogs are at a record level and build rates
are increasing. At the time I wrote this letter, there are nearly 22,000 large commercial jet engines in the OEM backlog, which is a new record for
the industry. Next-generation aircraft, such as the Boeing 787, Airbus A350, Boeing 737MAX, and Airbus A320neo are in production, or about to begin production soon. These next-generation airframes and the engines that power them use significantly more of ATI’s products.
As previously mentioned, during 2014 and early 2015, we secured significant shipset content on these aircraft.
One example: At December 2014,
we estimated we have approximately $1.1 million of shipset content on the 737MAX, which is about twice the content we have on the legacy model that the MAX is replacing.
CONTINUOUSLY IMPROVE all aspects of our business with focus on safety, quality, cost, and sustainability
 8 MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CEO | ATI | 2014

 Beth, who has 28 years of experience in human resources, leads our efforts to identify and implement best practices and relentless innovation focused on supporting ATI’s strategic principle to attract, develop, challenge, and create opportunities for talented and diverse people who share a commitment to
our values. Beth has strong and broad leadership experience in human resources and labor relations.
Beth joins me on ATI’s Executive Council, which also includes: Hunter Dalton, Executive Vice President, ATI High Performance Specialty Materials Group; Elliot Davis, Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary; Pat DeCourcy, Senior Vice President, Finance
and Chief Financial Officer; Kevin Kramer, Senior Vice President, Chief Commercial and Marketing Officer; John Sims, Executive Vice President, ATI High Performance Components Group; and Bob Wetherbee, Executive Vice President, ATI Flat Rolled Products Group.
Two members of our Executive Council have retired.
Terry Dunlap, former Executive Vice President, ATI Flat Rolled Products Group, retired at the end of 2014 and was succeeded by Bob Wetherbee. During his 31-year career with ATI, Terry most recently led ATI’s flat-rolled products business. I want to thank him for his leadership, commitment
to excellence, and many significant contributions, including leading our flat-rolled products business through a period of significant change.
STRATEGIC PRINCIPLE FIVE
Terry also championed significant improvements in safety and environmental performance.
Carl Moulton, Senior Vice President, International, retired in early 2015 after his nearly 43-year career with ATI.
Carl joined the Company shortly after serving our country during the Vietnam War. As Senior Vice President, International, Carl was responsible for ATI’s sales in Asia and Europe. He also was instrumental in establishing UNITI, our titanium joint venture, and served on the board of STAL, our joint venture in China. I want to thank Carl for his efforts in making ATI a truly global company.
ATI’S SHARED CORE VALUES
While we believe that change is constant, one thing will not change. As we move our Company
forward — Building the World’s Best Specialty Materials CompanyTM — our journey is guided by a shared commitment to ATI’s Core Values.
Our Core Values and the ATI Corporate Guidelines for Business Conduct and Ethics embody our commitment to comply with the law and to reflect the highest level of integrity and ethics in everything we do.
• Integrity as the Cornerstone of our business. To that end, we must be honest and forthright in everything we do.
• We expect everyone to be treated with dignity and respect and we embrace the values of innovation, cooperation, accountability, and teamwork.
• ATI is committed to more than just adherence to laws and regulations. Our commitment is to reflect the highest level of integrity and ethics in our dealings with each other,
our customers, our suppliers, our stockholders, the public, and the government agencies with whom we engage.
• Safety, Health and Sustainability
are the prerequisites to all operations, and our goal is to finish each day incident- and injury-free.
• Product Quality and Excellence is demonstrated in everything we do.
• Diversity, Creativity, Learning, and Freedom of people to reach their individual potential is ATI’s culture.
Our commitment to Do What’s Right® continues to guide us throughout our global operations and business activities.
I want to personally thank our stockholders, our customers, our employees, our suppliers and the communities in which we operate our businesses for their continued support of ATI.
I also express my appreciation to
our Board of Directors for their advice, counsel, commitment, and continued support of our efforts to create long-term sustainable value for our customers and stockholders.
Richard J. Harshman
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 Attract, develop, challenge, and create opportunities for TALENTED AND DIVERSE PEOPLE who share a commitment to our values
  MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CEO | ATI | 2014 9
