   Allegheny Technologies was the first specialty materials company to source goods and services online through the FreeMarkets® B2B eMarketplace. Our procurement personnel work with FreeMarkets to reduce costs through on-line competitive bidding for supply contracts. (left to right:) Tom Bakin, Ernest Gabbard, Kathi Jobkar, Kevin Ballish and Jim Christy
The year 2000 was full of opportunities and challenges for Allegheny Technologies. Market conditions for our high
performance materials continued to improve. Our largest end-use market, aerospace, began to recover as orders and
production rates for new commercial and regional aircraft increased and titanium inventory levels corrected. Another large
market, electrical energy, continued to be strong, and we benefited from the recovery in the oil and gas market. However,
energy cost increases had a serious impact on many of our operations in the fourth quarter. In addition, a slowing U.S.
economy, high service center inventories and continuing imports of commodity stainless steel negatively impacted
performance in our stainless steel business in the fourth quarter. ati
 Faced with these major opportunities and challenges, through the hard work of our dedicated employees, Allegheny Technologies achieved significantly improved financial results versus 1999. We also continued our record of strong returns on capital employed and stockholders’ equity and improved our financial position. Sales increased by 7 percent to $2.46 billion, while net income per share from continuing operations before extraordinary gains was 38 percent higher than in 1999.
Cash flow from continuing operations totaled $135 million. Net debt to total capitalization at the end of 2000 remained healthy at 33 percent. During the year, we utilized our strong financial condition to make $88 million in capital investments and acquisitions to improve costs and strengthen our position for the future. We also reduced shares outstanding by
11 percent through share repurchases.
Our strong emphasis on safety throughout all operations yielded substantial improvement. The OSHA Total Recordable Incident Rate improved by 30 percent and the Lost Workday Case Rate improved by 33 percent as compared to 1999. We remain committed to providing a safe environment for our employees.
Programs to reduce costs are vital to the success and continued growth of our businesses. During 2000, we achieved
$92 million in operating cost reductions as all parts of the organization engaged in aggressive efforts to identify and realize cost reductions.
03

 ati
04
We also made significant progress in accelerating e-Business initiatives during this past year. We created an e-Business leadership position reporting directly to me. A detailed analysis of our corporate information systems and infrastructure was completed resulting in a strategic information technology plan for the Company. We initiated implementation of this plan in the first quarter of 2001. In addition, we centralized all procurement activities and plan to use information technology to enhance our procurement efforts to aggressively take advantage of purchasing cost synergies.
As 2001 begins, we are concerned about higher energy costs and the condition of the U. S. economy. I am confident, however, that we can enjoy success in the 2001 economic environment due to our excellence in manufacturing and technology as well as our leadership position in several improving markets, such as aerospace, electrical energy, and oil and gas. We have strengthened our position in these markets through major acquisitions and capital investments during the past three years, and we plan to grow further as the result of new capital investments. These capital projects, which should be completed in the first half of 2002, are designed for volume growth and mix improvement in our premium titanium alloys, nickel-based alloys and superalloys, and niobium products.
Our business plan for 2001, built from the ground up by our experienced and capable management team, includes cost reductions in excess of $110 million, managed working capital reductions of over $70 million, and a capital investment program of more than $100 million. We also plan to further improve our financial strength by reducing debt.
Our 2001 plan includes a significant focus on reducing energy-related costs throughout all of our operations. These efforts should be enhanced by our energy management agreement with DukeSolutions, a subsidiary of Duke Energy. This agreement is believed to be the most comprehensive energy alliance in the specialty materials industry. We are also in the process of installing an electrical power cogeneration system designed to significantly reduce costs at our Wah Chang facility in Oregon, which has been adversely affected by the West Coast’s volatile electricity costs. The cost reduction potential of this capital project is in addition to our $110 million cost reduction plan.
Our vision is to create the world’s leading specialty materials company. We have global market leadership positions in a wide range of specialty materials including nickel-based alloys and superalloys, titanium and titanium alloys and exotic materials such as zirconium, hafnium and niobium, and stainless steel.
We’re enthused by the attractive fundamental growth rates of our major products. Based upon current product mix, our projected annual market growth rates through 2004 range from 5 percent for stainless steel to 8 percent for our higher value products.
 
 We have a solid financial base, an excellent reputation in the marketplace, and technical leadership in our core specialty materials products. Our employee team is first rate. Our extensive array of product offerings and technical support enables us to be a unique “supermarket” of specialty materials. As a result, engineers and designers often look to Allegheny Technologies when seeking an optimum materials solution.
Our strategy is to utilize our talented people, technology leadership, and manufacturing flexibility, and leverage our multi- materials capabilities to grow revenue and income at rates in excess of the growth in our markets. We plan to achieve
this through a combination of organic growth initiatives and opportunistic acquisitions, joint ventures or other business combinations. To that end, we plan to aggressively pursue high-value global markets for our strip and Precision Rolled Strip® products, nickel alloys and superalloys, premium titanium alloys, our exotic materials such as zirconium, hafnium, and niobium, and our tungsten materials. These high-value products accounted for 64 percent of 2000 sales. In addition, we intend to strengthen our stainless steel sheet and plate position at an acceptable return on capital employed through investments and actions aimed at aggressive cost reduction. Stainless steel sheet and plate combined with silicon electrical steel, tool steel, forgings and castings accounted for 36 percent of 2000 sales and continue to provide solid cash flow.
While it’s not my style to give specific time lines and revenue targets, I feel strongly that your company has the people, products, technology and financial strength to realize double-digit annual revenue and earnings growth over the long term.
To achieve success and realize our growth potential, we will continue to emphasize the fundamentals: improved customer service, including reduced lead-times and shorter cycle times, cost reduction, constant quality improvement, technology development and detailed financial measurement of every activity.
Because “it all starts with an order,” we honor and thank our faithful customers without whom we would not exist. Our dedicated employees are our most valuable asset. Their desire for excellence is the fuel that sustains our Company. I would like to express my sincere appreciation to our Board of Directors, which provides guidance in strategic development and wisdom in the many decisions that are required to maintain a successful business enterprise. To our stockholders, we offer our sincere thanks for your support of our mission. You have many investment choices. We are honored that you have chosen Allegheny Technologies.
Sincerely,
Robert P. Bozzone
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 9, 2001
ati
05
   