 MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT AND CEO
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS, CUSTOMERS AND EMPLOYEES
 I am honored and humbled to lead ATI as we write its
next chapter, building on the strategy we have in place to accelerate how we create value for our shareholders. We are doing that by engaging with our customers to solve their most difficult challenges through our unique expertise and capability in materials science. Our materials enable our customers —
and in some cases our customers’ customers — to do amazing things, from operating jet engines at 2800o F to equipping our nation's defense to safely and efficiently transporting highly corrosive liquids and exhaust streams to enabling life-changing medical insights.
Our integrated supply chain allows us to be a one-stop shop for those customers. With 85 percent of High Performance Materials and Components’ (HPMC) segment sales and 45 percent of Flat Rolled Products’ (FRP) segment sales to common end markets where materials science matters, we understand how to meet our customers’ critical needs across a wide range of materials solutions. For example, a titanium slab that starts its life in HPMC’s electron beam melt shop may then gain extraordinary strength through rolling at one of the world’s most powerful mills, FRP’s Hot-Rolling and Processing Facility (HRPF), and then be finished for delivery to the aerospace or defense markets.
At each step in our highly efficient production flow-path, our materials gain value leading to satisfying our customers’ exacting specifications.
2018 was a strong year for ATI, as we executed our strategy to drive continued growth, operational excellence, and financial improvement. Sales were $4.0 billion, up 15% versus the prior year and our highest revenue since 2014. Segment operating profit was $413 million, up 46 percent versus 2017. Both business segments achieved double-digit growth in sales to
the aerospace and defense markets — which account for nearly 50 percent of ATI sales — and revenues grew in nearly all of our major markets, a testament to our ability to meet customers’ increasing demand for ATI’s unique design and production capabilities. We are well-positioned in growing end markets: more than 80% of our revenue comes from five key end markets, all of which are growing faster than historic averages.
As we look toward the future, we know there’s opportunity
to become even stronger. We are accelerating our efforts to simplify, standardize and digitize to drive improvements in productivity across our operations. The faster we can flow material across ATI, with less inventory, and less metal volatility exposure, the greater the value to our entire system. Every day,
our people are unlocking these improvements through their Relentless Innovation®... and we are developing the generation of future leaders to continue growing our business.
High Performance Materials and Components:
Jet Engines Power Strong Performance
The foremost mission of our HPMC segment is to flawlessly execute on the aerospace ramp, where we’ve earned a strong market position on next-generation engines. We strive to
be a flawless performer, earning the first call when there are opportunities to expand our share.
Segment revenues grew by 13 percent versus 2017, led by a
20 percent increase in commercial jet engine product sales
in 2018, on top of 2017’s 11 percent commercial jet engine growth. Year-over-year segment operating profit growth of
36 percent outpaced revenue growth and was driven by ongoing improvements in product mix related to higher next-generation jet engine product sales and increased asset utilization to support our customers’ elevated demand levels. Between 2018 and 2022, we expect next-generation engines to drive our jet engine sales at approximately twice the market levels.
The characteristics that are required to be successful in the jet engine market--the quality, delivery, service and cost to be a successful qualified supplier, and technical infrastructure in terms of people and R&D capability — help to extend our strengths
to other markets. Our capacity and capability
investments for jet engines also support
airframe and our non-aerospace markets
including defense, space, medical and
electrical energy. We seek markets
that are driven by highly demanding,
specialized applications.
We’re investing in our future and are well
into a three-year $95 million expansion
of our iso-thermal forging and
heat-treating capacities to
satisfy growing demand.
This increases our capacity
to produce technologically
advanced powder-to-
iso-thermally forged jet
Robert S. Wetherbee President and Chief
Executive Officer
  2 MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT AND CEO | ATI | 2018
 
 engine components. This will be ATI’s fourth iso-thermal press and is located at our Iso-thermal Forging Center of Excellence in Cudahy, Wisconsin.
Our acquisition of the assets of metal alloy-based additive manufacturing leader Addaero Manufacturing is a natural extension of ATI’s metallic powder expertise and will expand
our capabilities to provide comprehensive customer solutions ranging from the design of parts for additive manufacturing to the production of ready-to-install components. At the same time, we’re also expanding the grades of powders we produce.
Flat Rolled Products: Increased Value, Utilization
We are committed to building and maintaining a sustainably profitable FRP segment.
We continue to make progress toward our goal of increasing asset utilization in a capital-efficient manner. In clear demonstration
of the value of our product mix improvements and business transformation efforts, segment operating profit more than doubled over the prior year: a full-year margin increase of 200 basis points. The key driver behind this performance was the benefit from increased volumes in our high-value nickel, titanium and Precision Rolled StripTM product lines, with nearly two-thirds of our segment revenues coming from these specialty grades.
Our HRPF is enabling new products that deliver materials that maintain high-strength at high temperatures and exceptional corrosion resistance as we expand our portfolio, leveraging the learnings across ATI. Nearly half of the FRP revenue base is
for products for the oil and gas, aerospace and defense, and electrical energy markets. Our agreement to provide carbon steel hot-rolling conversion services for NLMK USA, announced in October 2018, provides ATI with fee-per-ton volumes and
will significantly increase the asset utilization at our world-class HRPF. This incremental volume benefits all HRPF-produced products and our goal is to optimize utilization levels. That doesn’t mean we’re exiting the commodity stainless product line — its baseload contributes positively to our overall cost structure.
Our A&T Stainless 50-50 joint venture formalized in March
2018 allowed us to reenter the 60-wide stainless business, which is approaching 40 percent of the U.S. flat rolled sheet market, in the most capital-efficient manner, delivering a highly cost-competitive flow path. The JV combines our partner’s unparalleled Indonesian mining, refining, and castings assets, with ATI’s innovative, low-cost HRPF, and operates a highly efficient Direct Roll Anneal and Pickle (DRAP) finishing facility in Midland, Pennsylvania to provide value-add processing services for the JV’s finished products. The quick slab-to-coil production cycle time, coupling the power of the HRPF with the DRAP finishing line, is a game-changer for our industry.
On behalf of A&T Stainless, we filed for an exclusion from Section 232 tariffs that subject the JV’s import of semi-finished stainless slab products from Indonesia to the tariffs levied on all stainless steel products imported into the United States. Our exclusion
  MESSAGE FROM THE EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN
Richard Harshman stepped down as President and CEO of ATI on December 31, 2018 and remains Executive Chairman of the Board until he retires on May 9, 2019. At that time, Diane Creel, ATI’s Lead Independent Director, is expected to become Board Chair.
Dear Shareholders, Customers and Employees,
It has been a privilege and an honor to be part of ATI for my entire 41-year career. ATI has evolved from a holding company into an aligned and integrated operating business. While we may not yet be where we want or need to be, our progress is steady and sustainable and will continue.
Our investments and acquisitions over the last decade enable profitable growth today and in the future. Our strategy drove
the acquisition of Ladish and Crucible Powders and our investment in the Super Alloy Forge facility in North Carolina.
It laid the foundation to be a vertically integrated company producing technologically differentiated, complex, and profitable specialty materials parts and components, and gave us the leading position in many of today’s jet engine-related advanced technologies. Our HRPF investment provides us with an entirely
new set of capabilities that we are now leveraging to improve our product mix in flat-rolled and drive significant improvement from a profitability standpoint but also from a market standpoint.
The Board has picked an outstanding leader in Bob Wetherbee as CEO. He will continue to execute our strategies and ensure ATI's future success. Bob has deep materials industry knowledge on a global scale, most notably in aerospace and defense, oil and gas, and electrical energy. He shares our core values and a commitment to relentless innovation and has a strong record of leading P&L
and transforming businesses. He is joined by the leadership team that helped create today’s ATI; they remain fully committed and engaged in achieving our operational and financial goals.
This is an exciting time for ATI and I am confident we’re on a great path for sustainable success. Thank you for your support
Richard J. Harshman, Executive Chairman
   MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT AND CEO | ATI | 2018 3
 
 request details the lack of domestically available stainless slabs, as the U.S. industry slab casting capacity is at greater than 90 percent utilization. At the time of this writing, we remain actively engaged in a constructive dialogue with the U.S. Commerce Department about our case.
Committed to ATI’S Future
Our team is focused on five strategic imperatives that strongly position us for the future:
1. Flawlessly execute the aerospace ramp. As I explained earlier, it’s critical to our customers. It’s critical to us. We have earned the right to serve our customers and we are committed to meeting their requirements.
2. Achieve sustainable profitability in Flat Rolled Products. Our transformation to deliver value over volume is key to meeting this commitment and we continue to make good progress.
3. Continue to strengthen our balance sheet. We are taking strong actions to improve ATI’s financial strength and increase shareholder returns.
• We continue to improve cash conversion via managed working capital, ending 2018 at 31.6% as a percentage of sales, a year-over-year decrease of 650 basis points far outpacing our target.
• We are generating increasingly stronger cash flow from operations, concluding 2018 with $382 million cash on hand, a 170% increase over 2017 levels. We see this as key to returning to an investment grade credit rating.
• We continue to proactively reduce debt and pension liabilities: in 2018, we completed a $97 million annuity buyout to place 3,700 pension plan participants with a large U.S. insurer. Since 2012 we’ve reduced our active participants by 75%.
• We expect to internally fund any opportunities for future strategic market growth with our committed customers, staying within annual depreciation and amortization levels for our spending. Ultimately, we are targeting two-times debt-to-EBITDA leverage early in the next decade.
4. Expand our competitive moat. Our technical capabilities earn us the right to partner with our customers to solve their most difficult challenges. We continue to maintain and grow our capabilities, as well as expand our position into adjacent markets or those with similar characteristics to what we do in jet engine, with the goal of being the globally recognized leader in advanced materials and components.
5. Support our world-class talent served by robust, consistent tools and processes. As a team, we relentlessly innovate our products, our processes, and even ourselves as we grow our talents through development and continuous learning. We work together as a team, and I am confident we will win as a team. I extend my thanks to our people around the world: your hard work and truly relentless commitment to solving the world’s most difficult challenges through materials science powers our future.
Executing and Accelerating to Deliver Shareholder Value
Our work today is creating the future for ATI, our shareholders,
our customers, our employees, and our communities. Just as our past investments position us for today’s success, executing the strategy we’ve developed together and accelerating key initiatives will propel us forward to create value for our shareholders.
ATI is a great company, with unique capabilities, a terrific team, and incredible opportunities. Our strategic approach keeps us constantly pointed to what we need to do to achieve our vision, and our strong Values ensure we’ll do the right things, the right way to accomplish our goals. Thank you for your support as we accelerate our efforts to be the best specialty materials and components company.
Robert S. Wetherbee
President and Chief Executive Officer
   We are building on our strategy to accelerate how we create value for our shareholders, engaging with our customers to solve their most difficult challenges through our unique expertise and capability in materials science.
 4 MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT AND CEO | ATI | 2O18
