 MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CEO
CREATING
LONG-TERM VALUE THRU RELENTLESS INNOVATION®
  ATI is a different company today than it was at the beginning of 2016. ATI is an aerospace and industrials company with small and important exposure to commodity products.
We are focused on innovative technologies and the power of materials science.
In 2016, 51 percent, or $1.59 billion, of ATI's total revenue was generated from the aerospace and defense market. Jet engines accounted for 28 percent of sales, airframes represented 15 percent of sales, and sales to government aerospace and defense were 8 percent of sales. We expect continued growth from the aerospace market due to
areas of the world is expected to increase demand for ATI’s products for land-based gas and steam turbines over the remainder of the decade. ATI also supplies products for solar applications and other renewable energy sources.
Sales to the automotive market at 7 percent of 2016 sales remained strong for several of our high-end flat-rolled products, such as our nickel-based alloy and specialty alloy strip and precision rolled strip.
Our medical business is good and has consistently been, and continues to be, about 5 to 6 percent of our sales.
It consists of titanium alloys, nickel-based alloys, specialty alloys, and zirconium and niobium alloys, primarily for knees, hips, and MRI machines.
Commodity stainless sheet sales were 11 percent of total sales in 2016 and grain-oriented electrical steel is no longer part of our product mix.
Today, ATI is a specialty materials and components business with some commodity stainless steel products — we are no longer a stainless steel company with some specialty metals.
2016 WAS A DIFFICULT YEAR WITH A TPOSITIVE ENDING
his has been a period of transformation and transition for ATI as we made difficult decisions and took significant actions to improve our cost structure and lay the groundwork for sustainable
long-term profitable growth.
Significant restructuring actions across our High Performance Materials & Components (HPMC) titanium operations were completed.
We also took extensive actions to restructure our Flat Rolled Products (FRP) segment to focus on value not volume. As a result, the segment’s exposure to commodity products is significantly reduced and its cost structure is considerably improved.
our higher content on new next-generation commercial aircraft. We also expect growth opportunities in defense applications as we enhance our focus on this market.
ATI is benefiting from the transition to the next-generation from legacy aircraft and jet engines. ATI sales for commercial jet engine applications increased 13 percent in 2016 compared to 2015, driven by a significant mix shift to our differentiated products. While sales for airframe applications were essentially flat, titanium mill product shipments remained healthy.
Growth was achieved through our long-term supply agreements with key strategic customers and through progress made on our operational excellence and continuous improvement efforts, which enabled share gains and improved our ability to quickly respond to emergent demand.
2016 sales to the oil and gas market represented 9 percent of ATI sales and decreased by 48 percent compared to 2015 and by 63 percent compared to 2014. As I write this letter
in early 2017, we are seeing some early signs of improving demand from our customers — not yet a trend, but indicative of a market that has nowhere to go but up.
ATI sales to the electrical energy market in 2016 represented 7 percent of sales and were down in 2016 mainly due to
our exit from the production of grain-oriented electrical steel, which is used in transformers for power distribution. Greater use of natural gas in the U.S. and in many other
 2 MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CEO | ATI | 2O16
   
  Sales in 2016 were $3.1 billion. After-tax results included $544 million of restructuring and other non-recurring charges and income tax valuation allowances. Adjusted results were a net loss of $97 million, or $(0.91) per share.
The year ended on a positive note as operating results improved sequentially during the year. In the fourth quarter of 2016, our HPMC segment operating profit reached more than 11 percent as a percentage of sales. That marked six quarters of sequential improvement in operating profit for the segment. Also, FRP segment fourth quarter results were close to break even after four years of losses.
We maintained a solid liquidity position, while addressing several near-term funding challenges, and ended the year with $230 million in cash on hand and $310 million of available borrowing capacity under our asset-based domestic lending (ABL) facility. We issued $288 million
of six-year convertible notes to provide additional financial flexibility to fund our U.S. defined benefit pension plan and to support pension liability management actions.
We amended our ABL facility to add a $100 million term loan that currently matures in November 2017.
Capital investments to support our growth initiatives were $202 million in 2016. We are at the end of a significant multi-year period of capital expansion and expect 2017 capital expenditures to be approximately $125 million with depreciation of $160 million. Beyond 2017, we continue
to expect capital expenditures to average no more than $100 million annually for the next several years.
Cash generation from operations remains a key focus at ATI. Managed working capital improved by $92 million in 2016. As earnings improve in 2017 and beyond, the resulting annual free cash flow, after necessary capital expenditures, will be used primarily to reduce debt, improve the funded position of the company's U.S. defined benefit pension
plan, and improve liquidity.
In support of these objectives, as announced in December 2016, the ATI Board of Directors decided to suspend the quarterly dividend beginning with the fourth quarter of 2016. Suspending the quarterly dividend saves nearly
$35 million annually and provides additional liquidity and financial flexibility as we enter 2017 and the later stages of ATI's transformation.
We currently expect 2017 pretax retirement benefit expense to be about $71 million, or approximately $23 million lower than 2016. This is primarily due to the liability management actions we have taken.
We made a $115 million cash contribution to our U.S. defined benefit pension plan in 2016 and expect to make an additional $135 million cash contribution in 2017. The pension liability management actions that we have taken significantly reduced the participants in our pension plan and we plan to continue to evaluate additional actions
to reduce our retirement benefit liabilities and related administrative costs.
Our safety focus continued across all of ATI’s operations. Our 2016 OSHA Total Recordable Incident Rate was
2.11 and our Lost Time Case Rate was 0.44 per 200,000 hours worked, which we believe to be competitive with world-class performance in heavy manufacturing industries. Our aspirational goals are zero incidents and no lost time, which requires the engagement and commitment of all
ATI employees to share in our safety values.
We continued our strategy of focusing on key global markets that have attractive long-term growth expectations and require products that have significant technical barriers to entry.
We must continue to improve the profitability of our business and efficiently use and manage the capital employed in our business. We must earn a premium to our weighted average cost of capital. Currently, ATI’s weighted average cost of capital is about 10 percent. Our target after-tax return on capital employed is a minimum of 15 percent through a business cycle.
    Richard J. Harshman, Chairman, President and CEO
 MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CEO | ATI | 2O16 3

  AEROSPACE & DEFENSE IS ATI’S LARGEST MARKET:
NEARLY 2X JET ENGINE TO AIRFRAME
We are into the transition to next-generation airplanes and the advanced jet engines that power them. Boeing’s 737MAX (CFM LEAP engine), Airbus’ A320 (CFM LEAP/P&W
GTF engines) narrowbodies, and the Airbus A350XWB (Trent XWB engine) widebody have begun multi-year production ramps.
Next-generation engines operate at higher temperatures to achieve improved fuel efficiency. These higher temperatures require a new generation of alloys and forgings that use significantly more of ATI’s products.
ATI’s unique portfolio of products increases our penetration in the shift to next-generation jet engines. Our sales for commercial jet engine applications are now nearly two times the sales for airframe applications.
During 2016, we highlighted the dramatic growth of four
of our differentiated products that are being used in a significant way on next-generation engines. Our differentiated jet engine mill products are generally forged into parts through either the hot-die or isothermal forge processes.
In 2016, sales of these differentiated mill products increased by 55 percent compared to 2015. This includes sales to ATI Forged Products and sales to the few other forgers who have technical and qualified manufacturing capabilities
to produce the required parts.
Customer build rates and demand indicate further strong growth for these differentiated mill products and for our differentiated forgings in 2017 and through at least the end of the decade.
Our market share is growing through a number of major long-term agreements (LTAs) with our strategic customers, including The Boeing Company, GE Aviation, Rolls-Royce, Snecma (Safran), and others.
TECHNOLOGY DRIVEN... MANUFACTURING CAPABILITIES ENABLED:
MARKET SHARE GROWTH THRU RELENTLESS WINNOVATION
e believe ATI is unmatched in our industry when it comes to technology and new product development. We have an excellent record
for quality and delivery performance. And
we are unsurpassed in our manufacturing capabilities.
Technology leadership is an important part of our value proposition to strategic customers. We have invented and introduced new alloys and products that provide the enabling technology to meet the increasingly difficult demands of global markets including the aerospace,
oil & gas, and medical markets. The production of these new alloys and forgings often requires our unsurpassed manufacturing capabilities.
Our differentiated jet engine product market share
growth demonstrates the advantage of our wide economic moat. To enhance our technology leadership position into the future, ATI’s Technology Council is responsible for establishing a framework by which we manage innovation, especially for new and innovative products. Headed by Melissa Martinez, Vice President, New Product Development, the Council is made up of 17 members, 10 of whom have earned PhD degrees.
Our technology advantage has earned ATI high marks
with many of our customers and we help them with new product development. They appreciate our technology resources. As an integrated supplier, ATI can model the process from melt to finished part, which shortens the product development cycle and improves our production processes.
Our value proposition resides in materials science and engineering. We stay ahead by developing innovative products for the next generation. We will continue to innovate — relentlessly. We also know that today's
   Differentiated Jet Engine Product Growth
Includes external sales and internal sales to ATI Forged Products (millions)
$200
$150
$100
$50
DIFFERENTIATED
MILL PRODUCTS Nickel-based superalloys • ATI 718 Plus® Alloy
• ATI 720 Alloy
• Rene 65
• Powder metal alloys
      $0
   2014 2015 2016
 4 MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CEO | ATI | 2O16

 CREATING LONG-TERM VALUE THRU RELENTLESS INNOVATION®
• Focus on differentiated products with significant technical barriers to entry
• Focus on global markets
that have long-term growth expectations and require ATI’s technical and manufacturing leadership
This focus creates superior growth in shareholder value over the long term and enhances opportunities for our strategic customers and employees
 differentiated products are tomorrow's commodities,
so relentless innovation is critical to providing sustainable long-term value for our customers and shareholders.
During the last several years, we have enhanced our manufacturing capacity and capabilities to make the products that support our customers' needs for next- generation engine platforms as well as other innovative products used in most of our markets. Our facilities are aerospace-qualified. Our available capacity enhances our competitive position and capabilities to create value for our customers and shareholders over the long term.
Nearly all of these investments have been in the United States. We believe in U.S. manufacturing and we understand that the ability to manufacture the products that ATI produces is a critical and core competency of the United States.
We recognize that the job of remaining a technology leader is never completed. We must anticipate change
and use it to our advantage. We do this by being innovative and by embracing change. Relentless innovation drives our strategies that are designed to generate sustainable long-term growth.
The science of metallic powders is a transformative technology — the next frontier for our innovative powders is 3-D printing.
METALLIC POWDERS — A TRANSFORMATIVE TECHNOLOGY
What’s next? ATI is a leader in producing titanium-based alloys, nickel-based alloys and superalloys, and specialty alloy powders. The science of metallic powders is a
transformative technology.
In the powder-to-isothermal process, nickel-based alloy powders provide high-temperature properties that are unattainable through the conventional process. These alloys are so complex that they must be forged into a part in a vacuum using the isothermal process.
ATI is an innovator in metallic powder production development and in the powder-to-part process. We are one of two independent integrated producers of powder- to-isothermal forgings, and we are increasing our position in this market.
The next frontier for our innovative powders is 3-D printing and other disruptive additive manufacturing technologies. We are qualified for complex titanium alloys that are being used to develop 3-D printed titanium parts for jet engines and other applications.
As our customers require new alloys for 3-D printed applications, our unique assets and technology permit us to be a leader in developing the future-generation products made through additive manufacturing.
Our new nickel-based powder alloys facility in North Carolina is on track with startup successfully achieved
in early 2017. Our new powder operation is in production and products made from its powders are being qualified for premium aerospace applications. This facility expands our participation in the powder-to-isothermal process
for jet engine forgings. We are also seeing increased demand for our metallic powders for use in 3-D printed applications.
In summary, we are focused on innovation and the differentiated products that create value for our customers and shareholders over the long-term.
 MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CEO | ATI | 2O16 5
 
  WE OPERATE IN TWO BUSINESS SEGMENTS:
HIGH PERFORMANCE MATERIALS & COMPONENTS (HPMC) AND FLAT ROLLED PRODUCTS (FRP)
High Performance Materials & Components Segment — Steady Growth & Operating Profit Improvement
Our High Performance Materials & Components (HPMC) segment is well-positioned for profitable growth over the next five years, driven primarily by strong and growing demand from commercial
aerospace, especially the next-generation platforms. We also expect to see improved market conditions from the oil & gas and electrical energy markets.
HPMC segment sales in 2016 decreased 3 percent compared 2015, to $1.93 billion. Sales to the aerospace
& defense market, which is the largest end market for HPMC at 75 percent of total segment sales, were 5 percent higher driven by a 16 percent increase in commercial jet engine sales.
However, other HPMC end markets continued to have weak demand, with lower year-over-year sales. Sales in 2016 to the oil & gas market declined 57 percent compared to 2015, as the continuing impact of low oil prices led to reduced demand for products to this market throughout the year.
With relatively flat sales, the HPMC segment achieved six quarters of sequential improvement in segment operating profit, due to a better mix of next-generation aerospace products and the benefits from our restructuring actions.
In 2016, segment performance benefitted from initial actions taken to improve the cost structure by changing the business units from individual silos into a more aligned, cohesive and efficient customer and market-focused business.
We completed significant restructuring actions in 2016 involving certain titanium manufacturing operations in the HPMC segment. These actions included the indefinite idling of the Rowley, UT titanium sponge production facility.
During the last decade, we built differentiated and unique manufacturing capabilities and developed the technologies that enable production of these next-generation products. We have sufficient available capacity for the forecasted growth in aerospace demand over the next several years, as well as the ability to meet higher demand for products
to other key end markets such as oil & gas and electrical energy, as conditions for these markets improve.
Flat Rolled Products Segment — Q4 Operating Profit ONear Breakeven After Four Years of Losses
ur Flat Rolled Products (FRP) segment made good progress in the second half of 2016 toward achieving profitability. We made some tough decisions to return this segment to sustainable
profitability and we will continue to do so.
All of these actions are integral to our goal of positioning our flat-rolled products business to be a cost competitive, innovative, technology-based and market-driven specialty materials business that can be consistently profitable through a business cycle.
Sales for the FRP segment in 2016 decreased 31 percent compared to 2015, to $1.20 billion, as we reduced our exposure to commodity stainless steel sheet products and exited the grain-oriented electrical steel (GOES) business. This change in focus resulted in the permanent idling of the Midland, PA commodity stainless steel melt and sheet finishing facility, and the Bagdad, PA GOES finishing facility.
We concluded difficult labor negotiations, ending a seven-month work stoppage, in March 2016. The new labor agreement includes important changes to retirement benefit programs and other changes affecting plant operations
that improve our cost competitiveness.
FRP segment operating losses were progressively reduced each quarter during 2016 as a result of the initial benefits of our restructuring actions. The fourth quarter 2016 segment operating result was nearly breakeven after four years of significant operating losses.
A critical part of our capital investment program over the last ten years is the Hot Rolling and Processing Facility (HRPF), which is essential to our strategy to transform our flat-rolled products business. It is designed to significantly expand our differentiated product offering capabilities, shorten manufacturing cycle times, and reduce inventory requirements. The HRPF provides us with the capability to be a world leader in differentiated, high-value flat-rolled products, and a more competitive producer of commodity stainless steel products.
We are creating a smaller, more agile, streamlined, cohesive, and efficient FRP business. The business is more focused on differentiated products with significant technical barriers to entry. We see a favorable future for our non-commodity flat-rolled products that serve the global automotive, oil & gas, electrical energy generation, aerospace, and electronics markets.
 Our vision recognizes that the job of building, or being, the best is never complete.
 6 MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CEO | ATI | 2O16

  FOCUSED ON OUR VISION AND STRATEGY
Our vision is: Building the World’s Best Specialty Materials & Components Company.TM Easy to state, challenging to achieve. This vision is, and must be, the focus of every ATI employee.
Our vision recognizes that the job of building, or being,
the best is never complete. Our customers continue to demand and expect greater value at a lower price. We must be the best at listening to our customers. We must anticipate change and use it to our advantage — not react to it, but think ahead and connect all the dots that exist in running
a business that is focused on creating value in demanding, competitive global markets.
We achieve this by being relentless, by being innovative, and by embracing change. Status quo loses. Relentless Innovation wins. This is our mantra. Our commitment is Creating Long-Term Value Thru Relentless Innovation.®
In other words, Relentless Innovation drives our strategies that are designed to generate sustainable long-term growth through the business cycles of our end markets. As we
are successful in achieving this, we create long-term value for ATI’s stockholders, value for our customers and opportunities for our employees.
Our strategy is to be the best at creating value for strategic customers and achieve compound annual growth through business cycles in diversified global markets. This strategy better positions ATI for long-term profitable growth and enhances opportunities to create value for our stockholders across business cycles, as well as opportunities for our employees.
As we begin 2017, drivers of our secular growth markets remain intact. The production acceleration of next-generation aircraft and jet engines is upon us. Our extraordinary capital expenditure cycle is behind us.
Our High Performance Materials & Components segment
is expected to continue sustained profitable growth, supported by long-term agreements that provide significant growth and share gains for ATI on next-generation airplanes and the jet engines that power them. We expect our cost structure to continue to improve throughout the year as a result of our 2016 titanium operations restructuring actions.
Our Flat Rolled Products (FRP) segment enters 2017 a
very different business than at any time in its long history. We are focused on value not volume. This is consistent
with ATI’s focus on differentiated products with significant technical barriers to entry. Most of these products have long-term growth expectations, and require ATI’s technical and manufacturing leadership. Our FRP segment has a much improved cost structure, and we must continue efforts to improve productivity and grow profitability. FRP is technology driven with manufacturing capabilities enabled by our unique HRPF.
ATI’S SHARED CORE VALUES
While we believe that change is constant,
one thing will not change. As we move our company forward — Building the World’s Best Specialty Materials & Components CompanyTM —
our journey is guided by a shared commitment to ATI’s Core Values.
Our Core Values and the ATI Corporate Guidelines for Business Conduct and Ethics embody our commitment to comply with the law and to reflect the highest level of integrity and ethics in everything we do.
• Integrity as the Cornerstone of our business. To that end, we must be honest and forthright in everything we do.
• We expect everyone to be treated with dignity and respect, and we embrace the values of innovation, cooperation, accountability, and teamwork.
• ATI is committed to more than just adherence to laws
and regulations. Our commitment is to reflect the highest level of integrity and ethics in our dealings with each other, our customers, our suppliers, our stockholders, the public, and the government agencies with whom we engage.
• Safety, Health, and Sustainability are the prerequisites
to all operations, and our goal is to finish each day incident- and injury-free.
• Product Quality and Excellence is demonstrated in everything we do.
• Diversity, Creativity, Learning, and Freedom of people to reach their individual potential is ATI’s culture.
I want to personally thank our stockholders, our customers, our employees, our suppliers and the communities in which we operate our businesses for their continued support of ATI.
I also express my appreciation to our Board of Directors for their advice, counsel, commitment and continued support of our efforts to create long-term sustainable value for our customers and stockholders.
Long-time ATI director Lou Thomas plans to retire from our Board of Directors at our Annual Meeting in May. Lou has provided the Board and me with valuable advice and counsel over the years and has served on the Audit and Technology committees. I wish Lou and his wife Sandy good health and all the best in the future.
Richard J. Harshman
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
  MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CEO | ATI | 2O16 7
