Dear Fellow
Shareholder

O

U R 2 0 0 8 F I S C A L Y E A R , E N D E D S E P T E M B E R 3 0 , WA S H I G H LY

Yet, at year-end, the economy was overshadowed by the world's worst financial and credit crisis since the Great Depression-- causing growing uncertainties for both our customers and investors. Such a sobering situation makes our latest record earnings all the more valuable while it emphasizes the importance of prudent strategies to achieve continued performance.
SU C C E S SF U L .

Fiscal 2008 consolidated net income increased 7 percent, year over year, to $180.3 million, and earnings per diluted share went up 4.2 percent from $1.92 in fiscal 2007 to $2.00 in fiscal 2008. Looking at the longer trend, Atmos Energy's compound average growth rate for diluted earnings per share over the past five years was 5.4 percent--furthering our stated goal of increasing earnings, on average, between 4 percent and 6 percent a year.

Rate strategy aids regulated operations
Net income from regulated operations in 2008 contributed almost three-fourths of net income, or $1.49 per diluted share. Combined earnings from our natural gas distribution segment and from our regulated transmission and storage segment increased 24 percent to $134.1 million. During the fiscal year, we resolved 12 rate cases and other regulatory proceedings, which contributed $34.5 million of

$1.58

$1.72

$1.82

$1.92

$2.00

incremental revenues. In the largest of these cases, we negotiated a three-year settlement with 438 of the 439 Texas cities served by our Mid-Tex Division. We obtained desired outcomes in other cases that were concluded in Georgia, Louisiana, Kansas, Tennessee, Virginia and West Texas. These rate-case results support our goal of stabilizing our regulated earnings by decoupling our distribution

04

05

06

07

08

revenues from our customers' gas consumption. Today about 97 percent of our distribution margins are unaffected by changes in weather due to weather normalization and similar rate-design mechanisms. We are continuing to seek

Net Income per Diluted Share

In fiscal 2008, we paid dividends totaling $1.30 per share, with a dividend payout ratio of 65 percent. In November 2008, the board of directors again raised the annual dividend by 2 cents a share to an indicated rate of $1.32. This increase, taking into account all mergers and acquisitions, marked the company's 25th consecutive annual dividend increase.

additional improvements in our rate design to eliminate or reduce price volatility and provide more predictable and stable utility bills for our customers. Traditional rate structures have discouraged utilities from offering energy-saving products and services by tying the recovery of their allowed rate of return to the amount of

4 | AT M O S E N E R G Y 2 0 0 8 SUM M A RY A N N UA L R E P O RT

B L U E

S K I E S, C L E A R

S K I E S

To ensure continued reliability for serving our regulated distribution customers in Texas as well as to compete for new transportation business, Atmos Pipeline­Texas is expanding its system to serve the growing area north of Austin. When completed in our fiscal 2009 third quarter, this new loop will add sufficient transmission capacity along the I-35 corridor in the southern part of our system to serve new customer growth for many years in the future.

Robert W. Best, chairman and chief executive officer, (left) and Kim R. Cocklin, president and chief operating officer

Nonregulated operations contribute 26% of net income
Net income for nonregulated operations in 2008 declined 24 percent, year over year, to $46.2 million, or 51 cents per diluted share. Lower volatility in natural gas prices reduced the opportunities for Atmos Energy Marketing to take advantage of seasonal and basis pricing spreads. Although our sales volumes to large industrial customers and municipal gas utilities increased 5 percent over 2007 volumes, delivered gas unit margins remained flat compared to those in 2007. Atmos Pipeline and Storage added incremental earnings when it completed its Park City Gathering System in Edmonson County, Kentucky, in May 2008. It also closed on October 1, 2008, its purchase of the Shrewsbury Gathering System. This smaller nearby system has the potential to double the number of gas wells now connected to the gathering system and to interconnect with the Park City system and our other pipeline and storage assets in western Kentucky. Assessment work proceeded in northeast Louisiana on our Fort Necessity Storage Project. In July, we completed a successful nonbinding "open season," which identified many parties interested in contracting for service from the proposed facility. We also engaged a financial adviser to seek potential project partners to mitigate the market risk and to assure access to development capital.

natural gas delivered to customers. In return for more rate stabilization, we are launching energy efficiency and conservation programs in Texas and are enhancing our existing Missouri program. In Colorado, we also are developing a demand-side management program to meet new state regulations. These programs typically involve weatherizing homes for low-income customers and promoting energy conservation.

Texas intrastate pipeline benefits from Barnett Shale
Our Texas intrastate pipeline turned in an exceptional performance in 2008. The drilling boom in the Barnett Shale natural gas field near Fort Worth increased the total throughput of Atmos Pipeline­Texas by 18 percent over its 2007 delivered volumes and enhanced our ability to provide reliable service to our customers. In July, wellhead prices for natural gas began to decline, and many producers in Texas began cutting back on drilling new wells. Even so, the state's natural gas production remains high, and much of that gas flows to market through our pipeline system.

AT M O S E N E R G Y 2 0 0 8 SUM M A RY A N N UA L R E P O RT | 5

B L U E

S K I E S, C L E A R

S K I E S

Fiscal 2009 outlook remains positive
We believe that both the company and its business will remain healthy and that we will be able to achieve our financial targets for fiscal 2009. We forecast that earnings per diluted share will range from $2.05 to $2.15. Because of the uncertain economy, we have taken steps to preserve our credit and control discretionary costs. We are pursuing a prudent approach toward new construction and the borrowings needed for expansion. We forecast that fiscal 2009 capital expenditures will be approximately $510 million to $525 million, compared to $472.3 million in fiscal 2008. We have existing credit facilities in place to guarantee sufficient liquidity for all of our operations. Our cash flow remains solid, and our collections are among the best in the industry, as evidenced by the fact that our uncollectibles constitute less than 0.5 percent of total revenues. We have assured our employees and the state agencies that regulate our operations that we will preserve all essential functions to serve our customers. We will not make any cutbacks that might undermine the reliability and safety of our service. We also will continue to assist our customers who are having difficulty paying their monthly gas bills during these trying economic times. global climate change will likely encourage a greater use of natural gas for reducing the greenhouse gas emissions that contribute to climate change. Natural gas offers the United States a bridge to the future, leading to cleaner, renewable energy while providing the most versatile fuel available for many needs. In fact, a 2008 study by the American Gas Foundation found that the increased direct use of natural gas in residential and commercial applications can increase the productivity of our country's existing energy supplies, reduce our overall energy costs and cut carbon-related emissions. Natural gas is an all-American resource, with 97 percent of our supply coming from North America. The Potential Gas Committee estimates the U.S. has at least an 82-year supply, and that estimate likely will go up significantly when updated in 2009. New exploration technologies are unlocking natural gas reserves once thought impossible to recover from shale and other difficult-to-produce formations. As a result, we will continue to work with all appropriate regulatory bodies to advocate the development and use of this critical resource. A public policy measure that's very important to our shareholders is preserving the current limitation on capital gains taxes, especially for capital-intensive businesses like
Atmos Energy Corporation celebrated 20 years of trading on the New York Stock Exchange on October 1, 2008, as Charles K. Vaughan, retired company chairman and CEO, rang the NYSE closing bell. He was accompanied by the company's Management Committee and guests.

Natural gas serves the nation
We expect the Obama administration and Congress will enact new policies to promote energy efficiency and environmental improvements. Natural gas already is an anchor in the new administration's energy proposals, and the president-elect has called for producing more gas on the Outer Continental Shelf and building an Alaskan pipeline to tap shut-in North Slope gas reserves. Global climate change now occupies a place of unprecedented importance in American politics. The concerns about

6 | AT M O S E N E R G Y 2 0 0 8 SUM M A RY A N N UA L R E P O RT

B L U E

S K I E S, C L E A R

S K I E S

We appreciate his long and distinguished service. We also announced on December 2, 2008, that J. Patrick
9% 17% 51% 23%

Reddy resigned as senior vice president and chief financial officer, effective December 31. Pat joined the company in 1998 and served as vice president, corporate development, and as treasurer before being promoted to his current position in 2000. During his tenure, Atmos Energy made five significant acquisitions to more than triple in size. On behalf of the board of directors, I thank him for his many contributions and wish him the best. In the interim, Fred E. Meisenheimer, vice president and controller, has been appointed by the board of directors to also serve as chief financial officer. On September 1, we welcomed Ruben E. Esquivel to the

Natural Gas Distribution Regulated Transmission and Storage Natural Gas Marketing Pipeline, Storage and Other

Net Income by Segment

natural gas distribution companies. Extending this limit on the capital gains tax could help raise new funding and maintain investors' confidence. We encourage you to ask your members of Congress to vote to preserve the full value of your dividends by making the capital gains cap permanent.

board of directors. Mr. Esquivel is vice president for community and corporate relations at The University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center at Dallas. Previously, he served for more than a decade as president and CEO and as vice chairman of a manufacturer of test and measurement equipment for electrical power applications. He has been extremely active in Dallas civic affairs and has been honored repeatedly for his tireless commitment to the community.

Leadership changes announced
One of the most important duties of senior management is to prepare for the continued successful leadership of the business. As part of our succession planning, we made two high-level management changes. Kim R. Cocklin, who had served as senior vice president, regulated operations, since June 2006, was promoted to the newly created position of president and chief operating officer, effective October 1, 2008. Kim has had extensive experience in all segments of the natural gas industry and has proved himself to be an excellent leader. In his current role, he oversees all regulated and nonregulated operations of the company. Michael E. Haefner was named senior vice president, human resources, to succeed Wynn D. McGregor, who retired October 1, 2008. Mike had been president of his own consulting firm and had worked for 10 years as senior vice president of human resources for Sabre Holdings Corporation. He also had held leadership positions within Sabre while it was part of AMR Corporation and at Xerox Corporation and Eastman Kodak Company. Wynn McGregor, who joined Atmos Energy in 1987, had served as senior vice president, human resources, since October 2005. Previously, he had been vice president, human resources, for 11 years and had held other human-resources management positions at Atmos Energy and other companies.

Our brand represents strength
Twenty years ago, the board of directors chose the name Atmos Energy not only to differentiate a developing enterprise, but also to distinguish its way of doing business. As Atmos Energy has grown because of the board's clear vision, it has become a major American company, and our brand has come to reflect a set of consistent characteristics. In these unsettled times, our employees demonstrate these qualities everyday in all they do, and I thank them for their loyal and dedicated service. Our annual report presents the four characteristics of our brand and what the enterprise stands for today. More than a trademark, our brand represents the strength of our reputation. It is one of our most valuable assets--if not the most valuable one of all.

Robert W. Best Chairman and Chief Executive Officer December 5, 2008

AT M O S E N E R G Y 2 0 0 8 SUM M A RY A N N UA L R E P O RT | 7

