To Our Shareholders
For the ninth consecutive year in fiscal 2009, we achieved our stated goal of growing Atmos Energy's earnings per share by 4 percent to 6 percent, on average, despite the enormous economic challenges faced by our country, our customers and our company.

Superhighway to the Future Unfortunately, the proposed clean-air and energy legislation now in Congress overlooks the many benefits that natural gas offers our country. Many lawmakers acknowlege that natural gas can play a future role, but only as a bridge fuel from today's fossil-fuel economy to Robert W. Best, chairman and chief executive officer, (right) and Kim R. Cocklin, a future fueled with renewable energy. president and chief operating officer  What's overlooked is that natural gas promises an abundant fuel source All of us at Atmos Energy are proud to be part of the natural that renewables cannot match. Even taken altogether, gas industry. Our product is not only one of the most verwind, solar, hydro and biomass will not be able to provide satile and efficient fuels, it's also one of the cleanest. Using the energy our future economy will demand. Moreover, natural gas wisely can significantly improve the environusing domestic natural gas offers a solution to significantly ment while lowering outlays for imported foreign oil. Its use lower our country's dependence on foreign oil and the also can increase our nation's overall energy efficiency. threat that poses to our long-term security.  This past year, the respected Potential Gas Committee  Best of all, natural gas offers dramatically lower announced that the country now has potential natural gas emissions to address global warming--the real reason our resources that could last for well over a century. This expert country is planning to invest so much in alternative fuels. assessment, along with the exceptional growth in gas pro Natural gas is more than a bridge fuel. It's a superduction from new developments like the Barnett Shale and highway to our energy future. We must encourage our the reduced industrial demand due to the current economy, nation's policymakers to take full advantage of it and all caused wholesale natural gas prices to drop more than 75 the good it can provide. percent this past year.  That's why we at Atmos Energy are committed not just  This decline was good news for consumers and industo using more natural gas, but to using it more wisely. In try. Natural gas supply and demand have shifted to a new this annual report, we discuss the vital role of natural gas for equilibrium, with gas prices at much more reasonable levels. our nation.

16 | ATMOS ENERGY 2009 SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT

Our goal is to enhance shareholder value through consistent earnings growth.

Net Income per Diluted Share

$2.50 2.00

Atmos Energy achieved a highly successful fiscal 2009. For the ninth consecutive year, we accomplished our stated goal of growing earnings per share by 4 percent to 6 percent, on average, despite the continuing effects of difficult economic challenges.  Earnings per diluted share increased by 8 cents to $2.08, a 4 percent improvement over fiscal 2008. Consolidated net income rose 6 percent, year over year, to $191.0 million.  The company's regulated operations contributed 83 percent of consolidated net income, or $1.72 per diluted share, and nonregulated operations provided solid results with 36 cents of earnings per diluted share. Cash flow from operations for the year increased by more than $548 million to $919.2 million. The debt-to-capital ratio improved to 51 percent at fiscal year-end, compared with nearly 55 percent at the end of fiscal 2008.  In fiscal 2009, Atmos Energy paid cash dividends of $1.32 per share, and the board of directors raised the dividend for fiscal 2010. The increase of 2 cents per share provides an indicated annual dividend rate of $1.34 and marks the company's 22nd consecutive annual increase.

Fiscal 2009 Performance

1.50 1.00
20 09

.50
20 07 20 06

20 08

0

2009 Net Income by Segment

20 05

80% 70% 60% 50% 40% 30% 20% 10%
N r he ot d an ge ra sto g e, tin lin ke pe ar Pi n sm io ga iss al m ur ns at a r N t ed n lat ge io gu ra ut o ib Re d st str an di

0%

at

s ga al ur

A major achievement of fiscal 2009 was successfully resolving 22 rate cases, which generated $54.4 million of operating income. We are focused on seeking rate and regulatory outcomes that improve our customer relations, support economic growth and development in the communities we serve and ensure safe, reliable and competitive service.  Today more than 93 percent of our natural gas distribution customers are charged rates that are weathernormalized to reduce price volatility in their gas bills. In 86 percent of our markets, we are able to adjust rates annually to reflect changes in our costs, revenues and capital investments using streamlined and efficient rate mechanisms

Operating Results

without having to file costly full rate proceedings.  In addition, we can now recover the gas-cost-related portion of bad debt through tracker mechanisms for about 65 percent of the total budgeted cost of gas in our regulated distribution operations for fiscal 2010.  Demand for natural gas has declined nationwide as customers conserve in response to the economy and as older gas-fueled applications are replaced by more efficient ones. In fiscal 2009, the company's consolidated throughput went down 7.5 percent, compared to throughput in fiscal 2008. However, this decline was offset by successful rate cases, higher demand fees and increased unit margins.  The nationwide decline in demand for natural gas

ATMOS ENERGY 2009 SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT | 17

Natural gas is more than a bridge fuel. It's the superhighway to our energy future.

lowered gas prices significantly. The lower gas prices contributed to the dramatic increase in our cash flow from operations as well as helped us in our accounts receivable and collection efforts. Bad debt expense as a percent of revenue in the regulated distribution segment declined to 0.26 percent, one of our lowest points in years.  Although the decline in gas prices has lowered consumers' bills, we continue to seek rate improvements and public assistance for customers who have difficulty paying their bills.

Since 1986, Atmos Energy has completed 10 major acquisitions successfully. Our distribution operations have grown from 279,000 customers located in West Texas to more than 3 million customers located in 12 states. We also now serve more than 1,000 industrial, commercial and municipal customers in the Midwest and Southeast through our nonregulated operations.  The recent crisis in the credit markets focused businesses on liquidity and slowed mergers and acquisitions. Atmos Energy has always benefited by patiently seeking sensible growth opportunities that were fairly priced and fit our corporate strategy. We will continue this approach.  Our capital investments will continue to support our financial viability and our revenue growth. We forecast that the company's consolidated capital expenditures will increase from $509.5 million in fiscal 2009 to a range of $520 million to $535 million in fiscal 2010. We expect to spend from $507 million to $520 million on regulated projects.

Growth Strategy

erational condition. As previously announced, we have forecasted earnings per diluted share for fiscal 2010 to be in the range of $2.15 to $2.25.  We believe our credit and liquidity positions, along with operating cash, are sufficient to meet our working capital needs. During fiscal 2009, we renewed or replaced a number of credit facilities, including a $450 million committed line of credit.  In March 2009, we also sold $450 million of 10-year senior notes to pay off $400 million of notes due in October 2009. As a result, Moody's and Standard & Poor's upgraded our credit ratings, and we now see no need to access the debt markets until 2011. At September 30, 2009, we had more than $1 billion of liquidity available.  Major capital projects in 2010 include constructing a new information technology center and a new customer service and training facility as well as breaking ground for a new customer contact center. These investments will contribute to improving customer service and to making Atmos Energy an industry leader in employee training and development.  Safety always remains our top priority. We also will continue to focus on improving our rate and regulatory strategy and seeking settlements that are acceptable to our customers. We will seek rate treatment that permits prompt recovery of our capital investments, improves the recovery of our fixed costs and allows us to achieve rates of return that attract new capital. Having ended further investment in the Fort Necessity Gas Storage Project in Louisiana, we will continue to seek interested parties to buy the project or to partner with us to complete its development.

Our main goals are to enhance shareholder value through consistent earnings growth, to continue improving our customer service and to develop the technical and managerial strengths of our employees. We believe the company is in solid financial and op-

Outlook for 2010

During 2009, Dan Busbee retired from the board of directors after more than 20 years of service. We thank him for his wise and valuable counsel and great dedication.  The board has added two new members. Robert C.

Board Changes

18 | ATMOS ENERGY 2009 SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT

Shelley Burnett, Atmos Energy's manager of public affairs in San Angelo, Texas, appears on the evening news to talk about using natural gas safely. Providing safe and reliable service is Atmos Energy's highest priority. The company uses many ways to communicate with the public about what to do if they detect a natural gas leak, to call 811 before digging or excavating and to avoid disrupting pipeline rights of way.

Grable was elected a director in May. Mr. Grable is one of the seven founding members and head of the energy practice group of Kelly Hart & Hallman LLP, a Fort Worth law firm. He is board certified in oil, gas and mineral law by the Texas Board of Legal Specialization and has served as chairman of the Oil, Gas and Energy Resources Law Section of the State Bar of Texas.  Kim R. Cocklin was elected a director in November 2009. Mr. Cocklin, who serves as president and chief operating officer of the company, joined Atmos Energy in June 2006 as senior vice president and was promoted to his current position in October 2008. Before coming to Atmos Energy, he was senior vice president, general counsel and chief compliance officer of Piedmont Natural Gas Company from 2003 to 2006. Prior to that time, he was senior vice president of Williams Gas Pipeline, in charge of the operations of its Texas Gas and Central Pipelines.

 On behalf of the board of directors and the officers of the company, we thank you for your investment in Atmos Energy and extend our collective appreciation to the company's 4,900 employees for their loyal and dedicated service. We are all proud to be part of the natural gas industry, working on behalf of our shareholders, customers and communities.

Robert W. Best Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Kim R. Cocklin President and Chief Operating Officer November 30, 2009

ATMOS ENERGY 2009 SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT | 19

