Dear Fellow Shareholder
Atmos Energy Corporation achieved new heights in 2001 as we continued our tradition
of growth and increased our earnings significantly.
For the year, Atmos’ net income grew 56 percent from $35.9 million in 2000 to $56.1
million. Earnings per diluted share increased 29 percent from $1.14
in 2000 to $1.47. Eliminating a one-time gain of 12 cents a share
in 2000 from the sale of our propane assets, the year-over-year
increase in earnings per diluted share was 44 percent.
Return on average shareholders’ equity was 10.4 percent, and
total return to shareholders was 10.0 percent—well above that of
the major market indices and the 6.7 percent average return of
our industry peer group.
Atmos paid cash dividends in fiscal 2001 of $1.16 per common
share. In November 2001, the Board of Directors declared Atmos’
14th consecutive annual dividend increase. The 2-cents-per-share
increase makes our fiscal 2002 annual indicated dividend rate
$1.18.
Growing through acquisitions
Our vision for Atmos is to be one of the largest pure natural gas providers in the
United States. In 2001, we advanced to the rank of the fifth-largest pure gas provider
in the U.S., based on customer count, when we completed in July our purchase of the
assets of Louisiana Gas Service Company and LGS Natural Gas Company. The LGS
acquisition added about 279,000 customers to our utility system and provided valuable
assets and relationships for our nonutility business.
LGS’s utility operations were smoothly integrated with those of our Trans Louisiana
Gas Company to form a new business unit, Atmos Energy Louisiana. Teams of our
employees from all functional areas made this transition virtually transparent to our
Louisiana customers. These teams were aided by the advanced customer information
and communication technologies that Atmos has developed during the past five years.
LGS was our eighth acquisition since 1983. The results demonstrate how adept
Atmos has become at acquiring sound properties and integrating them profitably. In
particular, our LGS experience proved the value of our investments in technology. By
reducing our overall operating costs and helping us integrate new assets quickly, our advanced systems give us a major advantage in making future acquisitions.
During fiscal 2001, we strengthened our balance sheet by issuing equity in
December 2000. Investor demand was strong, and our original offering of 5 million
common shares was oversubscribed. We increased the offering to 6.7 million shares
and used the net proceeds of $142 million to reduce short-term debt in preparation
for completing the acquisition of LGS.
In May, Atmos issued $350 million of 7
3/8
percent Senior Notes due 2011. The debt
offering provided net proceeds to fund the LGS acquisition.
Atmos has solid investment-grade ratings. Our senior unsecured debt and commercial
paper are rated A-/A2 by Standard & Poor’s, A3/P2 by
Moody’s and A-/F2 by Fitch. All
three credit-rating agencies have affirmed their “stable”
outlook for our
current ratings.
Acquiring Mississippi Valley Gas
In September, we continued our track record of growth
through acquisitions by agreeing to acquire Mississippi
Valley Gas Company, the state’s largest gas utility.
Headquartered in Jackson, Mississippi Valley Gas has
approximately 261,500 customers.
We will acquire Mississippi Valley Gas for $75 million
cash and $75 million in Atmos common stock. We also
will assume Mississippi Valley Gas’ outstanding debt,
net of working capital, of about $45 million. At an
acquisition cost of about $746 a customer, our cost to acquire Mississippi Valley Gas
compares very favorably with
recent industry transactions.
The transaction and the issuance of Atmos common stock are subject to federal and
state regulatory approvals. We expect to receive all the needed approvals over the next
several months to complete the acquisition by the end of fiscal 2002. The acquisition
will be accounted for as a purchase and should be accretive to earnings within the first
full year of operation, excluding one-time charges related to the transaction.
Expanding our nonutility business
Atmos’ growth will be bolstered not only by acquisitions, but also by expansion of our
nonutility business. We expect this segment will contribute one-quarter to one-third of
our future earnings. In April, we acquired the remaining 55 percent of Woodward Marketing, L.L.C.,
that we did not already own, giving us full ownership of Woodward Marketing. J. D.
Woodward, Woodward Marketing’s founder, now heads Atmos Energy Holdings, the
holding company for all of Atmos’ nonutility operations.
Atmos Energy Holdings includes Atmos Energy Marketing, which provides bundled
and unbundled gas services to Atmos, municipalities and industrial customers through
Woodward Marketing and Trans Louisiana Industrial Gas Company; Atmos Pipeline
and Storage, which owns, has interests in and manages gas storage fields and
intra-
state gas pipelines; Atmos Power Systems, Inc., a new venture that builds and
leases
small electric power plants; and an indirect equity interest in Heritage Propane
Partners,
the country’s fourth-largest propane marketer.
Woodward Marketing’s business is marketing and trading natural gas and providing
overall management of gas-supply requirements for customers in 17 states. In a 2000
gas-marketing survey, it was rated the No. 1 mid-tier and industrial gas marketer in the
U.S. Its customers are extremely loyal because of its reputation for providing exceptional
customer service.
In 2001, Woodward Marketing acquired two Kentucky-based natural gas marketing
companies, adding about 50 million cubic feet (MMcf) per day of nonutility gas sales.
We estimate that Atmos Energy Holdings has the ability to increase its earnings by
10 percent to 15 percent annually. In turn, its growth should help Atmos’ consolidated
returns achieve an annual average growth rate in earnings per share of 5 percent to
7 percent, including acquisitions.
Adding nonutility ventures
In July, Atmos Pipeline and Storage agreed to acquire a Kentucky-based gas storage
field and associated pipeline facilities; it completed the transaction in November 2001.
Including these new storage assets, Atmos Pipeline and Storage owns or manages more
than 6 Bcf of working gas storage. It provides gas storage services to Atmos, municipal-
ities and industrial customers.
Atmos’ newest nonutility venture, Atmos Power Systems, completed its first project
in June, a 20-megawatt power plant in Bolivar, Tennessee. The plant is being leased by
the City of Bolivar’s municipal electric department to supply electricity to the Tennessee
Valley Authority during periods of peak demand. Atmos Power Systems is exploring prospects for similar projects in communities
where Atmos and Woodward Marketing have existing relationships.
Utility operations weather the cold
The 2000–2001 heating season was the coldest winter on record for the Company.
In our 2001 first quarter, temperatures were 21 percent colder than normal and 46
percent colder than the previous year. For the entire year, the weather was 7 percent
colder than normal and 31 percent colder than in 2000, excluding our weather-
normalized states. The cold weather contributed about $2.7 million, or 7 cents per
diluted share, to our 2001 results, but it also put extreme demands on our employees
and resources.
The cold weather, combined with tight natural gas supplies, pushed up gas prices
to an unprecedented $10 per million Btu (MMBtu) in December 2000, as compared
with the historical winter peak prices of about $2.60 per MMBtu. This steep rise in gas
prices caused many customers to have difficulty in paying their higher gas bills and to
conserve more on their energy use.
Higher gas prices caused an equally unprecedented 15-fold
rise in calls to our Customer Support Center in Amarillo, Texas.
Our employees undertook extraordinary efforts to cut the customer
hold time by setting up satellite call centers, enhancing Web-based
customer service options and staffing local offices to be available for
customers who wanted to talk to a company representative in person.
Our employees also provided information to help those
customers concerned about paying their bills. They helped
customers arrange for budget billing over a 12-month period, apply
for extended payment plans and sign up for low-income energy
assistance through government and private social service agencies.
The social cost and business effect of high-cost gas
Unfortunately, a much larger than normal number of our customers—more than
60,000—were disconnected for delinquency in paying their bills. As a result, customer
accounts receivable increased sizably and necessitated an increase in our provision for
doubtful accounts. The additional provision required for doubtful accounts, compared
with
the provision in 2000, lowered our 2001 earnings per diluted share by about 14 cents. Some of this additional reserve could be recouped in 2002. As the weather turns
cooler, we believe many disconnected customers will seek to return to our system. They
will be required to pay any amounts they owe us as well as a reconnection fee and a
higher deposit. Collecting delinquent accounts will remain a top priority in 2002.
Because of the unusually large number of customers disconnected, we have been
working with regulatory commissions, social services and public assistance agencies to
assist customers in getting their gas service reconnected.
We don’t want any of our customers to go without gas for heat during the winter.
Therefore, we have increased promotion of our bill-payment options. We have sent
letters to all disconnected customers and we have contacted the news media to help
reach these customers. We have been doing all we can to encourage them to restore
their service before the winter heating season and to seek help if they need it.
Protecting earnings from the weather
In recent years, colder weather has not been our challenge; warmer weather has
been. Unseasonably warm winters in both fiscal 1999 and 2000 dampened gas demand
and our earnings.
To offset a similar effect in fiscal 2001, we purchased weather hedges for Atmos’
Texas and Louisiana operations. For most of fiscal 2001, about one-third of our cus-
tomer base was located in these two states, both of which lack weather-normalized
rates. By the end of fiscal 2001, the percentage had increased to 46 percent as a result
of completing the LGS acquisition.
For fiscal 2002 to 2004, we have purchased a three-year weather insurance policy
for Texas and Louisiana. We have an option to cancel the third year of coverage if we
are able to get weather protection through rates. The policy is designed to safeguard
our earnings from weather that’s warmer than normal by at least 7 percent or more in
both states, while preserving the upside.
Atmos’ goal is to limit its weather sensitivity primarily through rate design. Today,
just over a fourth of our customer accounts have weather-normalized rates. We have
obtained the provision in Tennessee and Georgia and a trial program in Kentucky
extending through 2005. To ensure stability of rates for our customers in the future, we
would like to achieve weather normalization in our other major states, particularly
Texas and Louisiana. We plan to seek regulatory relief for declining usage—a national trend in the gas
utility industry, which we estimate is reducing our net income by more than $4 million
a year. We also are continuing to apply for regulatory adjustments to base rates and
to keep our utilities’ gas price adjustments current. During the past two years, Atmos
has received approval for more than $20 million in additional revenues through rate
proceedings and other regulatory provisions.
Hedging our gas supply
Atmos has focused on minimizing the effects of natural gas price fluctuations on
its customers and its earnings by using physical and financial hedges to stabilize gas
purchase costs. For example, we normally buy and store during the lower-use summer
months about one-fifth of the gas supply we will need for the next winter. Our gas
storage provides a natural hedge against buying large volumes of gas at market prices
during the winter. The gas we purchased this summer ranged in price from $2.34 to
$4.87 per MMBtu, which is much lower than the past winter-season prices.
To hedge further against volatility in gas prices during the 2002 heating season,
we are using futures contracts, call options, pricing collars and fixed-forward physical
pricing contracts. These financial hedges lock in gas prices in most states for up to
half of our flowing gas supply requirements. The hedges also help to moderate the
effects on customer bills of spikes in gas prices and, in turn, should help lower our
customer accounts receivable caused by higher gas prices.
In presenting our gas-supply hedging program to state regulatory agencies, we
received approvals in some states and broad support from all the commissions.
Gas supply outlook
The outlook for natural gas supplies this winter seems favorable. Abundant gas
supplies lowered gas prices to a 29-month low in September, and energy analysts
predict the United States will have sufficient gas supplies during the 2001–2002 winter
season. Although gas prices may average above historical levels, they are not expected
to return to last winter’s peak prices.
That will be good for Atmos because we do not profit from the cost of natural gas.
Our cost of gas is passed through to customers with no markup. Colder weather
typically causes customers to use greater volumes, which do contribute to our earnings.
But extreme gas prices impose a hardship not only on our customers, but also on Atmos. High gas costs increase our interest expense for borrowings to pay the higher gas
prices, decrease our cash flow, require higher reserves for doubtful accounts receivable,
delay matching purchased gas adjustments with actual gas purchases and cause
customer-service issues.
A normal winter would be welcomed by all of us in the gas utility industry. We need
prices high enough to stimulate long-term production and new exploration but not so
high that they dampen demand and cause hardships for our customers.
Business leadership
This past May, Atmos received a gratifying award when it won the inaugural
Greater Dallas Business Ethics Award. The award, sponsored by the Society of
Financial Services Professionals, honors companies that demonstrate ethical business
practices in everyday operations, in management philosophies and in responses to
crises or challenges.
Atmos’ employees subscribe to the highest ethical standards and values in the ways
they conduct our business and treat our customers. We stress adhering not just to the
letter of the law, but to the spirit of the law. This award recognizes that companies like
Atmos that follow this policy can be successful financially and still be committed to
fairness and mutual respect.
Atmos has benefited in 2001 from the strong contributions of its Board of Directors.
In this regard, I’m pleased that Richard K. Gordon, a vice chairman of investment
banking for Merrill Lynch & Co., has joined Atmos’ board. Mr. Gordon has provided
advice to Atmos and major energy companies around the world for more than 30
years. He contributes his exceptional knowledge of the energy industry and a very high
standard of personal integrity to help us guide Atmos’ future.
Among our senior management, we honored B. J. Hackler, formerly president of
Atmos Energy Louisiana, who retired after 35 years of service and Cleaburne H. Fritz,
formerly vice president, information technology, who retired after 33 years of service.
Mr. Hackler was succeeded as president of Atmos Energy Louisiana by Conrad E.
Gruber. Mr. Gruber, in turn, was succeeded as president of Western Kentucky Gas by
John A. Paris. Succeeding Mr. Fritz as our chief information officer is Leslie H. Duncan,
who brings to us many years of senior management experience in information technology. A bright future for Atmos
Atmos’ future is bright. Natural gas continues to grow in demand and in value as
the most efficient and most environmentally beneficial fuel source. In North America,
we enjoy an abundant gas supply, which experts predict will last for generations to come.
Natural gas provides greater energy independence for our nation and contributes
to our economic freedom. It is indigenous to our land and provides nearly a quarter of
our country’s energy supply.
Because of the need for greater national security following the events of September
11, Atmos, like other energy providers, has taken added steps to safeguard our delivery
networks, our employees and our customers.
Delivering natural gas to our customers safely, reliably and efficiently is Atmos’
expertise. We are passionate about providing exceptional customer service. We are a
low-cost leader in the gas industry, and our utility acquisitions and nonutility expansions
offer continuing opportunities for profitable growth and returns to our shareholders.
We are especially proud of our industry’s role in providing for America’s energy
future. That future is no better characterized than by the men and women of Atmos
who do their work well and serve their country in so
many other ways. Our report this year honors a
representative few who, in their own communities and
in their own deeds, exemplify their fellow employees.
On behalf of the Atmos board, management
and employees, I thank you for your continued
investment in Atmos. We promise to continue
executing our strategy well
just as we did in 2001
demonstrating the spirit and results worthy of
your confidence.
Sincerely,
Robert W. Best
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
November 2, 2001