DONALD K. PETERSON, CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER >> AVAYA INC .

Dear Shareholders,
For Avaya, 2002 was a year of great achievements -- and disappointments. We dramatically transformed our market offerings and financial fundamentals to improve our long-term health. But the economy and corporate spending continued to deteriorate as they did in 2001 -- creating a vicious circle resulting in steep decreases in important measures such as our revenues and share price. Rather than waiting for circumstances to improve, we are working to turn our solid financial foundation, world-beating productand-service portfolio, and enviable customer base into a virtuous circle that will benefit Avaya investors, employees and partners.

WE ARE responding to market realities by improving efficiency and exercising prudent financial management.
In short, because we cannot control the economy and general spending on information technology, we are controlling what we can: costs, cash management and our balance sheet. We restructured in 2002, reducing costs, cutting about 2,900 jobs and scaling back on capital spending. Our rigorous focus on managing expenses in relation to revenues and improving our internal processes has contributed to a cash position and cost structure that we believe are responsive to a demanding market. We took decisive action to improve our liquidity position. In the space of the year we cut receivables, more than doubled cash and reduced our net debt. By the end of our fiscal year we had $597 million in cash and access to $561 million under our bank credit facility, and no near-term principal debt repayments due. We also reduced our sales, general and administrative expenses to 30.6 percent of revenues in the fourth fiscal quarter, our best performance in five quarters. At the same time, we continued to build for the future. Our investment in research and development work was equivalent to 16.5 percent of core product revenues.

13

Financial Highlights
(dollars and shares in millions, except per-share amounts)

Tables reconcile "As reported" results, derived from audited consolidated financial statements, with "Ongoing" results, providing an alternative for understanding Avaya's operating results.
Year ended September 30, 2002 As reported Adjustments
(a)

Year ended September 30, 2001(c) As reported Adjustments(b) Ongoing

Ongoing

Revenue Gross margin Selling, general and administrative Research and development Operating income (loss) Provision (benefit) for income taxes Net income (loss) Earnings (loss) per share -- diluted Diluted shares Effective tax rate -- provision (benefit)

$ 4,956 1,946 1,555 459 (348) 265 (666)

$

-- -- -- -- 280 (254) 534

$ 4,956 1,946 1,555 459 (68) 11 (132)

$ 6,793 2,896 2,055 536 (564) (218) (352)

$

-- -- (48) -- 917 351 566

$ 6,793 2,896 2,007 536 353 133 214

$ (2.44) 330 NM

$ (0.44) 330 NM

$ (1.33) 284 (38.3%)

$ 0.66 286 38.0%

Notes: NM = Not meaningful (a) 2002 adjustments remove the pre-tax effects of the following: (1) $209 million of business restructuring charges and related expenses; and (2) $71 million of goodwill and intangibles impairment charge. This column also removes from our provision for income taxes $254 million comprised of a $364 million charge to record a valuation allowance for deferred income tax assets partially offset by a $110 million tax effect related to items (1) and (2). The net income effect of these items is $534 million. (b) 2001 adjustments remove the pre-tax effects of the following: (1) $48 million of start-up expenses associated with establishing independent operations; (2) $837 million of business restructuring and related expenses; and (3) $32 million of purchased in-process research and development in connection with certain acquisitions. The post-tax effect of these items is $566 million. (c) Certain fiscal 2001 amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation.

$7,487

$214

$6,793

$4,956

$156

Revenues(1)
{$ IN MILLIONS}

Net Income (Loss)(1)
{$ IN MILLIONS}

00 01

02

00 01

02

00 01

02

$2,841

$597

$2,543

$522

$2,014

$395 $271 $250

Operating Expenses(1)
(1) Represents ongoing operations (2) Represents short-term borrowings and longterm debt outstanding, less cash balance
{$ IN MILLIONS}

Cash
{$ IN MILLIONS}

Net Debt (2)
{$ IN MILLIONS}

00 01

02

00 01

02

00 01

02

$336

-$0.44

Diluted Earnings Per Share(1)

-$132

$0.55

$0.66

As a result of our financial management, we believe our expenses will be low enough by the third fiscal quarter to allow for a breakeven operation if we achieve revenues of at least $1.075 billion in that quarter. This assumes a full realization of targeted savings from our 2002 restructuring, a continuation of current external trends and other assumptions.

WE ARE focused on delivering real results to our customers.
The second major success variable within our control, after financial management, is our performance with customers -- measured by how much we improve their performance -- and I'm even more proud of our progress in this respect. We reinvigorated our reputation for providing world-class communication solutions with a series of pioneering product and service introductions that help our customers increase revenues, reduce costs, get a speedy return on investment and increase their customer satisfaction levels. Responding to customers, we also reorganized our business to face them in a manner that will address their needs better and give us more strategic alignment. Each business group has a dedicated sales team, and also sells through partner companies. We're devoting significant resources to revenue-generating roles, putting the right people close to the customer. We combined our formerly separate systems and applications groups into a single unit, because customers generally buy applications along with systems, and because our converged end-to-end solutions should benefit from converged product management. The Converged Systems and Applications Group sells to large enterprises. Recognizing also that we could do a better job of addressing the huge opportunity presented by smaller businesses, we created the Small and Medium Business Solutions Group. These companies are looking for solutions that give them the same capabilities enjoyed by large enterprises, but with easier implementation. The bulk of our small-business sales are through authorized distributors and resellers. Avaya Services Group continues in its previous structure but with its own marketing and sales forces. This group addresses significant opportunities across the communication services spectrum: planning, design, implementation, maintenance and management. The group, which services data equipment made by 35 companies, is extending this "multi-vendor" model to voice systems. The Connectivity Solutions Group continues to provide world-class cabling and cabinets to enterprises and service providers. Although not considered core to our business, the group currently remains a part of the business and is focused on delivering growth in revenue and earnings in 2003.

WE ARE strengthening our portfolio of solutions for the eventual economic recovery.
Of course it takes more than a reorganization to deliver value to customers. We refreshed our entire portfolio despite the economic environment, and early signs are encouraging. We began the year with a blockbuster introduction in the Internet Protocol (IP) telephony space, leapfrogging our competitors in several aspects important to customers, such as scalability and interoperability. To our existing Enterprise Class IP Solutions (ECLIPS) portfolio we added completely new hardware and software options that allow customers to adopt IP and retain their existing features, performance, security, reliability -- even their phones if they wish. The Avaya MultiVantageTM call-processing software can run over the UNIX®, Linux®, or Microsoft Windows® 2000 operating systems. Complementary services, such as consulting and IP telephony readiness testing, further smooth the transition. We expanded our Avaya Services offers to increase the focus on providing customized life-cycle services for customers operating large networks, and announced international availability of our Remote Network Management Services offer. We also established an Enterprise Security Practice and professional consulting service that we deliver both on our own and through global systems integrators. In June, we rolled out two major enhancements in the applications area. AvayaTM Unified Communication Center allows users to access and use the information they need through natural speech interaction or the device of their choice. Avaya Unified Messenger ® continues to bring together voice, email and fax messages in an integrated solution for Microsoft® Exchange or, soon, IBM Lotus® Domino users.

15

On the contact center front, we introduced the AvayaTM Multimedia Contact Center, which integrates Web chat, Web collaboration, email and traditional voice communications to allow companies to manage and "remember" all interactions with their customers. Such data recall is crucial to delivering the ultimate in personalized service. In short, it turns information into intelligence. This solution joins other offers that make Avaya a world leader in contact centers. AvayaTM IP Office is the answer to a lot of small and medium business owners' wishes. It packs many of the IP telephony features and benefits enjoyed by larger companies into a solution that even very small companies can afford. And affordability is the top consideration of many businesses, which is why we created return-on-investment, or ROI, tools for most of our solutions during the year. Using these tools, our salespeople and our partners can demonstrate to customers how long it will take for a solution to pay for itself in increased revenues or decreased costs. In many cases, it's less than one year. ROI tools often turn tire-kickers into buyers. The portfolio additions and resegmentation are beginning to pay off with substantial sales wins around the world, to customers representing a sweeping variety of businesses, industries, and governmental, educational and non-profit organizations.

WE ARE pursuing sustained growth.
From the second quarter of 2001 to the second quarter of 2002, our IP telephony line shipments to large businesses increased 81 percent, against an industry average of 17 percent, according to independent industry analysts. We saw double- to triple-digit growth in other important IP telephony measures. Our share of the small-business IP telephony market went from 0 percent to 3 percent from the first to second quarters of 2002 after we introduced Avaya IP Office. We grew in traditional small business systems as well, and our renewed emphasis on small businesses should improve our positions in both IP and non-IP installations. I am convinced that these successes, and others like them, will translate into sustained growth.

WE ARE positioned for the long run.
The markets faced by our Converged Systems and Applications, Services, and Small and Medium Business groups have compound annual growth rates through 2005 of 13.4 percent, 9.4 percent, and 8.9 percent, respectively, according to third-party studies. We believe there is a significant opportunity for growth, and we are determined to increase our share of each of those markets. But it's going to take a lot of continued hard work. We need to maintain and further strengthen our financial position. We need to generate sustainable profitability by increasing and sustaining revenue growth. In last year's Annual Report letter, I wrote that "Avaya is in the right market at the right time." Some might use the environmental conditions I outlined at the beginning of this letter to argue I was wrong. But the stories our customers tell, in this report's pages and elsewhere, go a long way toward proving me right. And we are primed to succeed. We are more focused. We have better products, solutions and services. We've invested in our leadership bench and adopted more demanding performance standards. We are more respected by our customers and those who observe us professionally. We are stronger financially. We are well-positioned for the immediate future and -- more importantly -- for the long run. Sincerely,

DONALD K. PETERSON CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER December 20, 2002

16

