TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS:
When Avaya became an independent company on September 30, 2000, we knew that our first year ­ like any company's first year ­ would be challenging. As it turned out, no one at that time could have anticipated just how challenging 2001 would prove to be. For tunately, the near-term strategy we declared to investors at the time of our spin-off was, by design, a strategy for challenging times. We committed to a three-year restructuring program that would drive increased profitability by taking costs out of the business and keeping them out. The savings and efficiencies produced by our restructuring work would fuel reinvestment in key areas of the business such as selective strategic acquisitions, innovative research and development from Avaya Labs and other sources, and the higher-growth segments of our addressable market.
THE THREE Rs

DONALD K. PETERSON

President and Chief Executive Officer

Restructuring ... reinvestment ... revenue growth. Our employees quickly dubbed this strategy "the three Rs." It was a "back to basics" approach, designed to restructure and reposition our company to take advantage of anticipated growth in the global enterprise market. During our first two fiscal quarters, we made strong progress in all "three Rs." We reduced expenses by $100 million in the first quarter alone. We reinvested, augmenting our portfolio in the key growth segments of virtual private networking and customer relationship management (CRM) with the acquisitions of VPNet Technologies, Inc. and Quintus Corporation. We grew revenues in several key market segments, increasing our Internet Protocol (IP) port shipments and bringing in strong results in data networking, Connectivity Solutions and sales outside the United States. In our third fiscal quarter, as the global economy ­ especially the market for information technology ­ deteriorated, our back-to-basics strategy served us well, enabling us to anticipate and respond to changing economic conditions. In late May and early June, we saw a widening slowdown in customer purchases across nearly all our product segments. Accordingly, we lowered our revenue outlook for fiscal 2001. At the same time, we recognized that we could balance the pressure on the third "R" ­ revenue growth ­ by bearing down more aggressively on the first, restructuring. We accelerated our restructuring plan with the goal of completing it by the end of fiscal 2002, one year earlier than we had originally stated. We also began to eliminate a significant number of jobs through a combination of involuntary and voluntary separations, including an early retirement program targeted to U.S. management employees. The industrywide slowdown continued through our fourth fiscal quarter. In October, we revised downward our outlook for both revenue and earnings per share (EPS). But even with these challenges, we ended the year with progress to report in many key areas. We executed on our restructuring plan, delivered positive EPS from ongoing operations, gained market share in key segments, and continued to invest

in research and development (R&D) for the next generation of enterprise communications products and services. We outsourced many of our non-core processes, including payroll, procurement, and much of our manufacturing operations. We have made significant progress in establishing global strategic partnerships. And we have shown that we can successfully collaborate with these partners to bring real business solutions to our customers. We refined and retooled our sales force and multichannel sales strategy, focusing our direct sales efforts on our largest global accounts and strengthening our indirect sales channel to provide highquality service to smaller and regional accounts. We successfully introduced new products, notably the Avaya ECLIPS family of Enterprise-Class IP Solutions, and won awards from customer and industry groups around the world in growth areas including CRM, IP telephony and wireless data. We reduced our employee population from 31,000 to 23,000, while retaining many of our highest per formers, including virtually all the talent that joined Avaya with the acquisitions of VPNet and Quintus. We continued to hire in key areas such as sales, R&D, and data services. We are building a working environment ­ a culture, if you will ­ that Avaya employees can be proud to call their own. In a recent study of more than 500 publicly traded companies, Avaya scored 97 out of a possible 100 in such human resource practices as rewards, training, communications, development, and recruiting. Even though revenues from ongoing operations for fiscal 2001 were down 9.3 percent year over year, we increased diluted EPS from ongoing operations by 20 percent over the previous year, and exited the year at an annual selling, general, and administrative (SG&A) run rate more than $600 million less than our total SG&A expense in fiscal 2000.
COMMITTED TO MANAGEMENT DISCIPLINE

We have engineered those savings into the way we run the business, and we are committed to sustaining the management discipline we have demonstrated. The actions we have taken to date position us for health and growth even in the face of continuing economic challenges.

1.

There are areas of immediate and significant growth oppor tunity which Avaya is well positioned to capture. One is IP communication, where we intend to lead with our ECLIPS por tfolio and evolutionar y approach to helping customers make voice and data work together reliably and costeffectively. Another is communications applications, where we already enjoy leadership positions, market share, and mind share in the CRM and messaging segments. Our customers' heightened focus on security, reliability, and total cost of ownership is stimulating appreciation for the value delivered by our ser vices capability, par ticularly professional ser vices. Our customers know that even in a constrained economic climate, continued investment in the right places is a key to survival. Areas such as IP telephony, applications, and services have three key attributes: strong customer demand, dramatic market growth prospects, and a significant competitive advantage for Avaya. We are pursuing such opportunities, making sure that our investment in product development and marketing is aligned with solutions that meet customers' need to extract per formance and profitability from a lessthan-receptive market environment.
STRONG POSITION

Looking beyond immediate opportunities, I expect Avaya to be in a strong position to capitalize on revitalized market opportunity when the economy begins to recover, for three reasons: First, because we've proven our ability to manage our expenses in line with our revenue, and we're committed to sustaining that discipline. Second, because communication remains essential to enterprises worldwide. They understand that their ability to make fast, power ful decisions and transactions and to compete successfully in a changing environment depends on the quality of their communications solutions and of their vendors. And third, because we understand that the enterprises of the world are arguably the most important drivers of the global economy. From multinational corporations to community colleges, they are the hope and laboratories of the future. It is their mission to excel, just as it is Avaya's mission to provide the world's best communications solutions that enable them to do so. The engine of enterprises may downshift temporarily in response to extreme circumstances, but our customers are driven to move forward, and they will bring the partners they trust along with them. But that is only part of the story. Today, enterprises around the world are facing challenges even more daunting than a temporary economic contraction. The world they live in is changing radically, and they are finding themselves beset by three power ful, transformative trends: They are struggling to deliver access ... to create and deploy efficient enterprise communications networks in a world of proliferating platforms and devices, and ever-increasing user demand for ubiquitous communications capability. They are working to create new business models that maximize the value of virtual enterprises, in which employees,
2.

customers, partners, and suppliers may be half a world away geographically but expect immediate deliver y of transactions and information. They are faced with mounting pressure to improve business per formance by meeting increased expectations for productivity, security, cost control, and stability. At Avaya, we believe these trends are more than transformative. They are liberating. They open up new possibilities for growth and creativity within new business models. They allow us to meet the needs of our enterprise customers by helping them focus on their own customers' needs. They also guide us in our ongoing effort to create the business model and organizational structure that are best aligned to take advantage of growth opportunities. Effective January 1, 2002, we implemented a broad internal reorganization. We created four business groups: applications, systems, services, and connectivity. This should yield a number of benefits in how we go to market and run our business. It should also help the outside world ­ particularly the investment community ­ understand what we do. But we are careful not to let internal organizations and reorganizations become ends in themselves. Our view must always point outward, to the customer and the stockholder. In that context, I've referred in recent months to the "customer economy." By that, I mean that it is ultimately the customer who will determine the value of what is bought and sold as well as how new technology is delivered and at what pace. By serving the enterprise communications market, Avaya is in the business of fueling the customer economy. We serve enterprises by helping them enable their own customers to do business, to per form, to succeed.
T H E R I G H T M A R K E T, T H E R I G H T T I M E

Some people might say it takes an inveterate optimist to look out on the world at the end of 2001 and see great oppor tunity. I say that it is as much realism as optimism. I am convinced that Avaya is in the right market at the right time. We have the right strategy and the right focus to address this market opportunity. We have a portfolio of world-class products and solutions, and they're getting stronger every day. We have relationships with some of the best suppliers, outsourcers, and strategic partners in the industry, and we're committed to expanding and building on those relationships and others. We have employees who have chosen to stay with us, who are committed to our customers and our success. If that isn't an enterprising attitude, I don't know what is.

DONALD K. PETERSON

President and Chief Executive Officer
December 14, 2001
Avaya 2001

