                                    TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
Each year, our industry experiences change, and this year was no exception. There’s been much talk about the utility of the future — from pundits to journalists, from CEOs to the workplace grapevine. Indeed, our world has changed — we’re transitioning from a traditional operations focus to one
of purposeful attention to the evolving expectations for choices from our customers. We’ve noted three elements that now characterize our industry and which we believe will impact our future.
The utility world is being shaped by changing business models that have the potential to disrupt our relationships with our customers through political, regulatory, technological or advocacy actions. We can choose to push back and resist, or we can embrace the new paradigms and make them work for our customers in ways that make sense for them, our business, our regulators, our investors and our communities. We choose first to engage.
Innovation and action are keys to success. We will continue seeking and implementing effective and efficient new technologies and business process improvements to meet the expectations of a public that is increasingly more comfortable in the cyber world.
We continue to innovate.
Our employee base is changing from a culture of Baby Boomers to that of Millennials (age range 18 to 35). That brings with it changes in communication styles and information channels, work/life expectations and other generational differences. We are purposeful and rigorous in the professional development of our employees and their customer focus. We are proactive in building our future.
At Avista, we actively engage with the elements of change that surround us, and we pursue the strategies that position us well to serve our customers in the future, while taking care of business today.
AN OVERVIEW OF 2015 FINANCIAL RESULTS
   1 2
3
     Our financial results this year met our expectations in spite of the challenging weather patterns that brought us warmer than average temperatures through the first and second quarters. We saw near- record hydroelectric conditions early in the year that then deteriorated significantly by May. The decoupling mechanism in Washington helped us offset some of the impacts of weather. A severe wind storm in November set a record for us in terms of customer outage numbers and impact on our infrastructure. The costs to repair our electric
system were primarily capital, with some operating and maintenance costs incurred as well. For more specific information about these costs, please refer to the 10-K at the end of this book.
Consolidated earnings were $1.97 per diluted share, with net income of $123.2 million for the year ended Dec. 31, 2015.
Our balance sheet and credit ratings remain healthy. At year-end, Avista Corp. had $250.4 million of available liquidity under our $400 million line of credit. We added cost-effective long-term debt
  1
 
    ONGOING RENOVATIONS AND UPGRADES AT AVISTA’S HYDROELECTRIC PROJECTS ON THE SPOKANE RIVER WILL INCREASE GENERATING CAPACITY TO MEET CUSTOMER DEMAND.
   through the private placement market by issuing $100 million of Avista Corp. first mortgage bonds, bearing an interest rate of 4.37 percent, which will mature in December 2045.
Long-term corporate earnings growth of 4 percent to 5 percent continues to be our target. We believe earnings growth will continue to prove positive through our focus on updating and replacing aging infrastructure, continued cost management, investment in essential digital technologies and other growth platforms. Our projection for customer and load growth remains near 1 percent.
I’m pleased to note that the board of directors raised the dividend on Avista Corp. common stock for the 13th consecutive year, for an annualized dividend of $1.32.
REGULATED OPERATIONS
AVISTA UTILITIES
Avista Utilities contributed $1.81 per diluted share to earnings
in 2015. Continuing our investment in replacing and updating aging infrastructure, our capital expenditures totaled $415 million for the year. We are planning to invest $375 million in 2016 and $405 million in 2017 to maintain the reliability and strength of our electric and natural gas energy systems.
The timely recovery of these costs continues to be essential to earning an adequate return on our shareholders’ investment. In Washington, the utility commission granted new electric and natural gas rates that went into effect on Jan. 11, 2016. Additional information is available in the 10-K at the end of this book. In Idaho, we received approval for new electric and natural gas rates, as well as a decoupling mechanism, that went into effect on Jan. 1, 2016. Finally, new natural gas rates went into effect in Oregon in April 2015. Then in May, we filed a new natural gas rate case in Oregon, and the state utility commission has up to 10 months to make a decision on that request.
I’ve said in the past that we were “green” before it was cool to be “green.” While our company was founded on clean, renewable hydro power, today our diversified generating resource mix includes biomass, wind, solar, natural gas and a small amount of coal. We’re still ranked
as one of the lowest carbon emitters among the country’s top 100 energy producers, but the call for increased use of renewable resources brings with it the challenge of integrating the power from those sources into our electric system.
This year we received a grant from the Washington Department of Commerce Clean Energy Fund, which we matched, to pilot a utility-scale energy storage project in Pullman, Wash. The project is the first to use vanadium-flow batteries, which we’re proud to say are manufactured here in Washington state. The lessons we learn from this project, together with insights we’re gathering from the newly constructed community solar project in Spokane, will give us additional valuable, executable information about how to better integrate intermittent renewable energy into the electric grid.
Updating our legacy hydroelectric projects on the Spokane River
to replace outdated and inefficient facilities and equipment was one important area of our capital spend for the year. This work will enhance power delivery, safety and reliability. Upgrades to the Post Falls South Channel dam on the Spokane River were essentially completed over the summer. Renovations and upgrades are underway at our Nine Mile and Little Falls hydroelectric projects farther downstream to overhaul, rebuild and upgrade these century-old plants. At Nine Mile, the work will result in additional generating capacity, giving us increased ability to meet customer demand and an incremental increase to the renewable portion of our diverse generation mix.
Our employees built upon our company’s history of innovation to meet customer needs again in 2015. The new customer information
and work management system was completed and put into service in February. Later in the year, we launched an updated and dynamic outage information center on www.avistautilities.com that communicates with customers through the channels they are most frequently using — Web via laptop, tablet and smart phone. This fresh approach to sharing information gives us the opportunity to enhance our customers’ user experience with us and to provide the key information elements that we know they desire: time of outage, location, cause, estimated restoration time and crew dispatch. Together, these and other new technology enhancements will give Avista customers the kind of interaction with our company they have come to expect in today’s world.
     2

    ALASKA ELECTRIC LIGHT AND POWER COMPANY
Operations at our Juneau, Alaska, utility — Alaska Electric Light & Power Company (AEL&P) — went smoothly this year. Juneau recorded the second wettest year in history, having received nearly 85 inches of rainfall, about 26 percent more than average. This is good news for a utility that derives nearly all its power from hydroelectric generation. AEL&P operations contributed $0.11 per diluted share to Avista Corp.’s earnings and made $13 million in capital expenditures. They plan to invest $17 million in capital projects in 2016.
Helping Juneau residents manage energy costs, providing energy choices and improving regional air quality are all factors that have gone into our strategic decision to explore the viability of building a natural gas local distribution company (LDC) in Juneau. We estimate that the total investment for this project would be $130 million over a 10-year period, with about half being invested in the first five years. For the project to be economically feasible, we will need a combination of low-cost debt financing, as well as assistance for customer conversion costs. The current low price of oil, however, may impede customer conversion decisions in the near term. We will continue our due diligence, and we will be ready to proceed if and when the economics prove favorable for customers and our company.
We’ve joined with our AEL&P employees in attending and supporting civic and community events in Juneau, where we’ve
been warmly welcomed. We are pleased that AEL&P President Tim McLeod has joined the board of the Avista Foundation to help shape our philanthropy in this region. In 2015, we made donations totaling $110,000 to non-profits in Juneau, not including sponsorships, dues and registration fees paid to civic and economic development organizations.
NON-REGULATED OPERATIONS
Through Avista Capital, we are continuing to explore strategic opportunities for corporate growth. In 2014, we launched Salix, a subsidiary whose focus is to explore markets that could be served with liquefied natural gas (LNG), primarily in the West and Pacific Northwest. As of this date, Salix is one of two finalists in an RFP process to provide LNG to the Interior Energy Project, specifically for Fairbanks and North Pole, Alaska. The Alaska Industrial Development and Export Authority will make its final decision on a provider early in 2016.
Avista Development, a subsidiary that focuses on growth opportunities in the realm of economic vitality in the communities we serve, has a new president. Roger Woodworth, who previously was our chief strategy officer, is now heading this business.
He brings his wealth of experience in conceptualizing, developing and implementing innovative and unique solutions to add value to the enterprise and our communities.
THE FUTURE IS NOW
We’ve talked for the past few years about the impending “silver tsunami” — the retirement of those in the Baby Boomer generation — here and throughout the energy industry. This year saw the retirement of two long-time Avista executives — Vice President, Controller
and Principal Accounting Officer Christy Burmeister-Smith and Don Kopczynski, vice president, energy delivery and customer service. Planning for the future through leadership development prepared two new leaders to step into those positions in 2015: Ryan Krasselt and Heather Rosentrater, respectively. In addition, Kevin Christie, previously senior director of customer solutions, was promoted to vice president, customer solutions, and Ed Schlect, former executive vice president at Ecova, returned to Avista as vice president and chief strategy officer.
I want to thank Christy and Don for their years of dedicated service
to our company and welcome Ryan, Heather, Kevin and Ed to the executive team. With our strong leadership team in place, I believe
we are well-positioned to meet our business objectives in this dynamic energy industry environment.
As a last comment, I find that I am filled with pride — for our employees, for our customers and for the communities we serve.
Just before Thanksgiving, the Inland Northwest experienced a wind storm of epic proportions, an event that we are not accustomed to
in this part of the country. Following the near-hurricane force winds, more than 180,000 of our electric customers were without power
— roughly half of our total electric customer base. As we saw the storm approaching, we were prepared with well-practiced emergency operating plans, stocked warehouse shelves and solid relationships with our community and utility partners. You’ll read more about this historic event later in this book. For now, I want to say thank you to our employees for their tireless efforts to bring energy to life and to you, our shareholders, for your continued support of our company.
Scott L. Morris
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
            THE TIRELESS EFFORTS OF AVISTA EMPLOYEES, ALONG WITH PRACTICED EMERGENCY OPERATING PLANS, RESTORED POWER TO CUSTOMERS FOLLOWING AN EPIC WIND STORM IN NOVEMBER 2015.
   