 to our shareholders
The right direction
Despite a fair degree of adversity, Avista gained strength and momentum in 2002.
Our two principal energy businesses operated profitably, providing the means to repurchase
$204 million in high-cost debt. As a result, we achieved a debt ratio of 54 percent, reduced future interest expense and earned an upgrade in our credit outlook from Standard & Poor’s. We further stabilized our financial footing with a Washington rate case agreement that includes a mechanism for more predictable future earnings. And we are well on our way to favorably resolving the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission’s investigation into our energy trading practices, with no finding of improper activities.
The progress we’ve made is all the more striking in light of some truly serious obstacles. Like many in our industry, we confronted grave financial hardship in 2002. Adding to the strain were delays in a significant generation project and a political threat to our largest hydroelectric asset.
Such difficulties have repercussions, and Avista’s 2002 results reflect that. Net income totaled
$31 million on revenues of $980 million and earnings per diluted share of $0.60. Overall, our stock
finished the year down 12.82 percent. This compares well to the Dow Jones industrial and utility averages, however, which were down 16.76 percent and
26.79 percent, respectively.
While it was a tough year, I remain upbeat — and with good reason. Any company as long-established as Avista finds a way to manage the ups and downs of business. We do so by holding fast to our guiding principles. No matter the situation or opportunity, these principles of trust, integrity, innovation, relationships and collaboration apply. And they steer us toward an outcome consistent with our values.
Our adherence to guiding principles accounts for the successes we realized in the midst of 2002’s challenges. We drew on Avista’s collaborative relationship with regulators in crafting an all-party settlement of the remaining issues in our general rate case before
the Washington Utilities and Transportation Commission. Consequently, we will recover the vast majority of 2001’s deferred power costs. We also were granted an energy recovery mechanism in Washington that, along with the regulatory tracking mechanisms in place for electric and natural gas operations in all the states we serve, will promote ongoing financial stability.
continued
1
avista corp.

 Gary G. Ely has been with Avista for 36 of its 50 years on the New York Stock Exchange. It was an honor for Gary to preside over The Closing BellTM on October 2, 2002. Several other long-time Avista employees joined him in this celebration of our golden anniversary as an NYSE-listed company.
Fewer than 10 percent of companies on the exchange reach that landmark. We’re pleased to be among them.

 to our shareholders (continued)
In order to maintain a good relationship with you, our shareholders, we’ve undertaken additional measures to restore value. Avista Energy’s continued success, along with Avista Utilities’ improved performance, provided much of the cash we used
to reduce total outstanding debt by $248 million by year-end. We intend, through similar strategies, to persevere in elevating our financial performance and, over time, to regain our investment-grade credit rating.
Our customers’ trust is equally important to us, and the past year saw us reach our goal of owning or controlling sufficient generation to meet their needs. We overcame some serious impediments to achieve the level of reliability we’re determined to provide current and future customers — including a number of unavoidable delays in completing our Coyote Springs 2 plant and a Montana voter initiative that attempted to transfer title of the state’s privately owned hydroelectric projects to the public. The measure was defeated, preserving our long-time ownership of Noxon Rapids Dam.
All that progress aside, we understand, of course, that you are less interested in what we have done than in what we will do. Here is what you can expect from Avista in the months and years ahead: continued reduction of our debt ratio and interest costs, in part through earnings contributions from Avista Energy; improved Avista Utilities earnings through cost controls and price increases, where appropriate; and renewed focus on revenue growth
at the utility through such measures as increased commercial and industrial sales, and economic development programs.
In addition, we’ll remain disciplined in our approach to Avista Labs and Avista Advantage. Both these businesses met key milestones in 2002. And although market conditions have hampered our efforts to find a partner for Avista Labs, we are in discussions with several parties. Our goal is less than 20 percent ownership of this subsidiary. At Avista Advantage, we’ll continue our push toward sustained profitability.
There’s a long road ahead for Avista. It may take another two years for us to reach the solid financial position you — and I — expect of us. We do have several things working in our favor, including a resource base that provides our customers some of the lowest-cost electricity in the nation. And we have the finest, most capable people I know working
on the task. You’ll read about a few of them in the pages that follow. Most Avista employees are shareholders just like you, and they have your
best interests in mind. You can count on that.
Gary G. Ely
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
March 14, 2003
 3
avista corp.
