    TO OUR
 SHAREHOLDERS
This year was an historic year–one of collaboration and transformation that proved Avista’s spirit, tenacity and focus.
  Our dedicated team, together with Hydro One, worked diligently to formalize our partnership and secure regulatory approval of
the proposed merger. Throughout the process, the outcomes of our efforts were remarkable: Collaboration across five states, with multiple, diverse parties, to understand and best meet the needs
of all stakeholders, and consensus building that resulted in multi and all party settlement agreements that included outstanding stakeholder commitments and protections unprecedented in the industry.
Even with all of this, the merger faced challenges unforeseen when we entered into our partnership with Hydro One. Despite our firm belief that this transaction was in the best interest of all our stakeholders, these challenges and concerns ultimately led to regulators in Washington and Idaho not approving the transaction. After careful consideration and analysis of the likelihood of achieving a reversal of those orders, the Boards of Directors of both companies each individually determined that terminating
the merger agreement was the best course of action, which was announced on January 23, 2019.
While we are disappointed that the proposed merger was
not completed as expected, I’m incredibly proud of what we accomplished with Hydro One. We continue to have the highest regard for the company and its management team, and we wish them well going forward. We appreciate the hard work and dedication of everyone who worked with us on this effort over the past 18 months.
The outcome of the merger does not change our commitment to our customers, and in fact, this process has affirmed who Avista is and the way we approach our business. We are a convener, collaborator and innovator that works toward the best shared outcome for Avista and all of our stakeholders.
While we have been focused on completing the merger, we’ve stayed steady, yet flexible, in ways that allowed us to continue to deliver reliable energy and exceptional service and meet evolving business and customer needs, challenges and expectations. This looked like:
• Continued capital investment to maintain and update our utility infrastructure and ensure reliable energy service for our customers.
• Building the utility of the future through the first deployment of Advanced Metering Infrastructure and related foundational technology that enables customers to better manage their energy usage.
• Driving and strengthening economies through rural vitality initiatives and continued leadership in the Catalyst project and development of an eco-district and innovation hub in Spokane’s University District.
• Cultivating Avista’s innovative culture so that employees continue to think big and identify opportunities to shape our energy future.
We are moving into 2019 and beyond the way Avista does– maintaining our focus on our core business and the future as well as creating tangible value for all of our stakeholders. We look forward to what’s ahead, and as we have been for 130 years, we are always here to serve.
Scott L. Morris
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
       