     To our Shareholders
Simplify, focus and execute.
We’ve moved aggressively to strengthen our financial position. The Washington Utilities and Transportation Commission (WUTC) approved our request for a 25 percent electric surcharge through 2002 to help offset purchased power costs; similarly, the Idaho Public Utilities Commission allowed us to recover $58 million
of our deferrals in that state. Under the terms of another agreement we reached with the WUTC in March 2002, 90 percent of our deferred power costs through 2001 — about $196 million — were deemed prudent and recoverable through rates. Avista, in turn, took a noncash write-off of $22 million, or $0.30 per diluted share, and we finished the year with net income of $12 million on revenue of
Our arrangement at the newly built Coyote Springs 2 power project is another example of our restraint, and it illustrates our fundamental business principles in action. Under an agreement with Mirant, one of the world’s leading competitive energy providers, we will jointly own Coyote Springs 2 and share the generation capacity. Mirant’s investment covers half the development costs, freeing up $95 million of our cash while still retaining half of the output — 140 megawatts of power — for Avista’s customers.
They represent the best of who we are. Armed with our employees’ expertise, I’m confident we will continue to build a strong, growing energy business — one step
at a time.
Last year, I laid out these three fundamental business concepts, ideas that guided us through 2001, one of the most difficult years our company has faced in decades.
I believe in that kind of steadiness, in plotting our course and aiming for the destination with purpose. It’s not enough to embark on a journey; you must see it through to its end. At Avista, we know where we’re headed, we’re well on our way and we will reach our destination —
These fundamentals represent my bias for steady performance, and in the midst of trying times, perhaps such principles matter more than ever. In 2001, as we navigated our way through industrywide turmoil, cash-flow issues and the need to clarify our business strategies, we had a compass. We held fast to the fundamentals. And the result is real progress, as you’ll see in the pages that follow.
for we are a company fueled by fundamentals.
The year also brought record low hydro generating conditions, pushing us to purchase high-priced power in an especially volatile open market. Our commitment to ensuring reliable supply to our customers came at great expense. By the end of 2001, our cash outlays for energy and gas exceeded the amount recovered through customer rates by approximately $265 million.
These regulatory measures provide some immediate relief and put certain major issues behind us as we reestablish the company’s financial health. Effectively working with the commissions will remain vital to that endeavor, particularly in addressing several remaining matters, including the general rate case we filed in 2001. We’ve asked the WUTC to approve rates that reflect our actual power supply expenses and to institute an ongoing adjustment mechanism to address future price fluctuations.
Gary G. Ely
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
2 AVISTA
AVISTA 3
Gary G. Ely Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
We’ve undertaken equally disciplined efforts internally, instituting a hiring freeze and temporarily reducing salaries for corporate and subsidiary officers and senior managers. More significantly, we reviewed our operations from top to bottom, decreasing utility capital expenditures by $15 million in 2001 and cutting 2002 capital budgets substantially, all while holding utility operating expenses flat for the third straight year.
where it belongs: on reinforcing our solid utility core, restoring our financial stability and delivering value through our energy-related subsidiaries. Our exceptional employees are responsible for executing these initiatives, and I am deeply grateful for their tireless dedication to this important work so critical to our success.
$6 billion and earnings per diluted share of $0.20.
In an uncertain economy, we assess the risks associated with our other subsidiaries just as carefully. Therefore, we’ve made leadership changes at Avista Advantage, and we’re exploring opportunities to accelerate growth and foster shareholder value at Avista Labs, among others. We will do what is necessary to be successful, investing in people and technology, and paying close attention to our customers and their evolving requirements.
We are a company fueled by fundamentals.
As part of our renewed commitment to energy and energy- related businesses, we are completing the divestiture of Avista Communications, again fulfilling our promise to simplify the company even though the decision resulted in a $35 million after-tax charge against earnings. During the year ahead, we will continue to direct our attention
March 18, 2002
 