 To Our Shareholders
Gary G. Ely
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Energy is more than what we sell. ItÕs the way we tackle our financial challenges, strive forward and make good on our commitments. With energy.
YouÕre only as good as your word.
I grew up on a farm where my dad had a profound impact on me. We made do with what we had and lived within our means. We had stewardship over the water, the land and the livestock. I learned what it meant to be dependable, to put in an honest dayÕs work and to make tough decisions as we watched over our crops and herds. I feel much the same way about the stewardship of our company, our employees, our customers and our environment. After my 37 years with Avista, itÕs easy to become attached and to take the good and the bad very personally. But my dad taught me that the only thing of real value is your word, that your word is your bond.
Three years ago, I gave you my word we would do certain things to return our company to a position of financial strength, and that is exactly what we are doing. The tough decisions we made have paid off and, as we anticipated, weÕre solidly on the road to recovery. We did cut back, just as any good business would in tough times, but we also charted a course for stability and growth.
Our overall performance was solid for 2003,
and we continue to execute our financial recovery plan. We set goals and we met them, hitting our financial targets, reducing interest expense, maintaining positive operating cash flows and holding operations within budget without sacrificing reliability or safety. As a result, we were able to raise the common stock dividend by 4.2 percent in August for the first time since 1983. In addition, we obtained an external infusion of cash for Avista Labs while retaining a means to share in the fuel cell businessÕ future success. We brought company-owned generation on line to serve our native load, and we kept the lines of communication open with our state and federal regulators.
At mid-year we revised our earnings guidance upward and then met that guidance despite slightly warmer-than-normal temperatures and the write down of the value of an asset, both in the fourth quarter. Avista is moving in the direction we set, meeting and exceeding targets, and resolving the regulatory and financial challenges weÕve faced for the past few years.
2 > Avista Corp.

 We also met our 2003 projections for customer growth throughout our service territory, averaging 2 percent for electric customers and 3 percent for natural gas customers.
Based on those facts alone, it could be tempting to relax and declare victory. However, we have not returned to the investment grade credit rating of days gone by. Rather, we are one more year into a multi- year path to recovery. If our numbers hold, by the end of 2005 I believe we will have turned the corner sufficiently to begin to realize our long-term goals. Until then, the critical steps we took over the last three years show we are willing to be accountable and make the tough decisions. We are proud of the steps we have taken to position our company so well. But we must not be complacent. While we have tremendous opportunities, we still face significant challenges.
In addition, we have to focus on the future.
To reinforce the electric transmission grid throughout Eastern Washington and North Idaho, Avista Utilities, in coordination with the Bonneville Power Administration, is building and upgrading transmission infrastructure that will improve the delivery of electricity to meet existing and future power needs throughout AvistaÕs service territory.
The projects will relieve current transmission congestion, improve system reliability and provide additional transmission capacity as the region grows. This undertaking, which should be completed by 2006,
represents more than $100 million in infrastructure investment.
Pressures will not ease, and the demands on our resources will continue to grow. Therefore, we must be wise, we must be prudent, and we must have vision. We are beginning to implement long-term structural changes that will result in a better company focused on growing our utility in the Northwest.
As my dad taught me long ago, youÕre only as good as your word. Last year, I told you it could take another two years for Avista to reach the solid financial position you expect of us. WeÕve made measurable progress, and thereÕs every reason to believe we will continue down this same path. I ask you to join with me in thanking our more than 1,900 dedicated employees. IÕm grateful for their efforts. With their help, weÕve faced our problems head-on. Our game plan is solid, and we appreciate your ongoing confidence in us.
Gary G. Ely
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 8, 2004
 Avista Corp. > 3
