    LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Last year was a time of change, reflection and growth.
Today, we’re moving forward with new leadership focused on the future and its considerable challenges. Our industry has never seen anything like the current, unpredictable energy markets. The technology sector has slowed, adversely affecting our unregulated subsidiaries, Avista Labs, Avista Advantage and Avista Communications. And as a shareholder, to say our stock performance is disappointing is an understatement.
Although earnings per diluted share for the corporation exceeded our 2000 budget at $1.47, on revenues of $7.91 billion and net income available for common stock of $67.9 million, it was almost entirely due to Avista Energy’s contributions. We believe Avista Corp. can, and must, strike a better earnings balance.
When I first came here 30 years ago, our then-CEO, Kinsey Robinson, told me there were three reasons for our existence:
> Gary G. Ely
President and Chief Executive Officer
> we provide an infrastructure to deliver goods and services to our customers with the goal of improving the standard of living in the communities we serve;
> we strive to achieve a fair return for investors who place their trust in us and back our actions;
> and we create an opportunity for our employees to earn a good living and reach their potential.
While the world of business has changed considerably since then, the essence of Avista’s existence remains the same. Avista Corp. knows that success is measured by our ability to balance and meet the needs of our customers, shareholders and employees. That’s been our focus for 111 years; we see no reason to waver now.
In 2000, I had the opportunity to guide Avista Energy through a significant shift in direction, one that yielded earn- ings well beyond target. We relied on three fundamental
our strengths in energy, information and technology.” Larry A. Stanley
principles in that instance, and I intend to employ a similar approach in leading Avista Corp. forward.
First, we will simplify our business. We will focus on maximizing the use of our capital and continue look- ing for ways to balance risks and opportunities. We will make sure our strategy is one that you can understand. And we will keep you informed of our progress.
Second, we will execute well, choosing consistent, profitable performance over occasional flashes of brilliance. Look for Avista to under-promise and over- deliver every chance we get.
Third, we will focus on what we do best: supporting our employees in operating our business units while pursuing good ideas for future growth. That’s how Avista Advantage and Avista Labs originated. Today, Avista Advantage serves more than twice as many customers as its nearest competitor. And our fuel cell developer is widely recognized for its original product design and progressive use of technology.
> Larry A. Stanley Chairman of the Board
These three principles are putting us on the right path. And while we won’t move slowly, we will move wisely. Avista has the advantage of 2,000 dedicated employees with the intelligence and spirit we’ll need to refine our strategies and accomplish our objectives. Oliver Wendell Holmes might have had the women and men of Avista in mind when he said, “What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.”
In the pages that follow, you will find more detail about the challenges of the past year and our outlook for both our traditional and new economy businesses. My vision for the company is simply this: Avista Corp. will be a company of principles, growth and profitability.
> Gary G. Ely
President and
Chief Executive Officer
March 8, 2001
“No one could call last year uneventful. But we are unshaken in our resolve. Avista Corp. will grow—with purpose and intelligence—by capitalizing on
   23
