FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS
“Regardless of business challenges or leadership style, Avista remains fundamentally the same. That’s been true for well over a century. Our people inherently understand the company’s obligation of stewardship, and so it endures.” Gary G. Ely
Essential.
That’s the nature of our business, a realization that weighs heavily on my mind. People depend on the service we provide – every day, in every part of their lives.When I think about how hard our crews work to deliver reliable energy to our customers, it profoundly touches me.
This stewardship requires steadiness, sure planning and a stable infrastructure. Avista strives to demonstrate those attributes year in and year out, and 2004 was no exception.
We continued to invest in our assets – generation, transmission and distribution.Together, these systems and our employees who run them ensure our customers have dependable service.
Our seriousness about dependability extends to you, our shareholders, too.We view Avista as a solid long-term investment. Bearing that perspective in mind, we have to be prepared for years in which we struggle. Last year was such a year.
The Idaho Public Utilities Commission issued a disappointing order in our general electric and natural gas rate case in October.Although the commission approved a base rate increase of 16.9 and 6.4 percent, respectively, it also required write-offs totaling
$14.4 million.We had deferred the cost of certain natural gas contracts we entered into to fuel our thermal generating facilities, but the commission disallowed recovery of those and other capitalized utility plant costs we believe were prudently incurred.
That decision, along with higher-than-normal natural gas prices, lower-than-normal hydro stream flow, and thus lower cash flow than we expected, had a dampening effect on 2004’s financial results.We finished the year with net income available for common stock of $35.2 million and earnings of $0.72 per diluted share.
While they’re not as strong as we might like them to be, those numbers do not diminish our confidence in Avista or future prospects.
We took several measures in 2004 to reinforce our long-term strategy of building and maintaining robust infrastructure in the Pacific Northwest.
Our crews completed a $15 million transmission line upgrade in our service territory and laid the groundwork for another, slated to begin in 2005. Both projects are part of an investment of more than $100 million in our transmission system, an undertaking we deem
particularly vital.
We also modernized two substations, wrapped up a
$7 million improvement to Cabinet Gorge hydroelectric project unit #2 – increasing generation capacity for that unit by about 30 percent – and we reached an agreement to purchase the other half of the Coyote Springs 2 natural gas-fired generating plant from Mirant.
Our regional focus led us to reconsider the compatibility of our California properties with Avista’s core business. Consequently, we agreed to sell our natural gas distribution properties in South Lake Tahoe to Southwest Gas Corporation for $15 million.
By concentrating on the region we know best, we provide Avista with well-defined criteria for growth. That approach has also proven effective at Avista Energy, our energy marketing and resource management subsidiary. Confining Avista Energy’s operations to the western United States and western Canada capitalizes on our strengths – and prolonged the unit’s continuous profitability to 18 quarters. Although we had higher expectations for Avista Energy’s 2004 performance, it continues to be a sound business model.
Believing a prosperous region will advance our objectives, we’ve maintained Avista’s longstanding involvement in our communities, promoting and
Avista Corp. 4

  contributing to a number of economic development efforts.You can read more about those on page 9.
And to further ensure the ongoing health of our company, we’re deliberately nurturing leaders who will uphold Avista’s legacy of service to customer, community and shareholder well into the future.
Like many companies across the country, Avista faces an aging workforce.We’ve tackled that issue head-on, systematically spreading our veteran workers’ expertise to their colleagues. Our stability comes, and will always come, from our people, people who understand and deeply value what Avista represents.
You’ll meet some of them in the pages that follow. Every year, I have an opportunity to speak directly to you in this letter, but we want you to get to know some of the other fine employees running our company, as well. Scott Morris, the president of Avista Utilities, will tell you more about our growth strategy.You’ll get additional information about our progress toward renewed financial strength from CFO Malyn Malquist, and Patty Shea, manager, energy emergency services, will address Avista’s
commitment to reliable service.You’ll also hear from Anne Marie Axworthy, Dennis Vermillion and
Dana Anderson.
These and other leaders are preparing themselves and Avista for tomorrow’s challenges, which include: regaining our investment-grade credit rating, improving Avista’s financial position, continuing recent dividend trends, and fully realizing Avista Advantage’s potential to positively affect earnings with little risk to the corporation.
I have no doubt that Avista’s people are up to the task. They impress me every day with the dedication and enthusiasm they bring to their work.And I know they join with me in thanking you for your confidence in our company.
Gary G. Ely
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 11, 2005
 Avista Corp. 5
 Malyn K. Malquist
Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer andTreasurer, Avista Corp.
Gary G. Ely
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Avista Corp.
Scott L. Morris
Senior Vice President, Avista Corp. President, Avista Utilities
