   I’ve talked to you in this letter before about my dad and about how he believed the only thing of real value is your word.
That’s not a new idea, of course, but he really lived it. He taught me to live it, too.
So in this year’s annual report, we’re giving you our word.We’ve opened up the pages to a wide range of our constituents – a customer, an elected official, an investor, an industry analyst, a tribal leader and an employee – and encouraged them to ask us anything.
And we answer their questions – honestly and candidly.
At Avista, we wrestle with many complicated issues, but we always do so mindful of the principles that guide us: trust, integrity, innovation, relationships and collaboration. By holding to those convictions, we’re confident that mutually beneficial outcomes result.
As you read on, you might find questions you’ve thought of yourself.You’ll also see more questions on our Web site at www.avistacorp.com.
I hope the Q&A format gives you some sense of the number and diversity of our stakeholders and the considerable challenge we undertake in striving to balance all their interests.
Oftentimes we do that well. Avista Utilities, for instance, had a very good 2005. Customers and shareholders alike benefited from the increased efficiency we achieved by automating meter reading in Oregon and half of our Idaho territory.We helped employees whose positions were eliminated find other ways to apply their skills, and we retained everyone who chose to stay at Avista.
Centralizing our distribution dispatch functions and holding the line on costs throughout our operation bore similarly positive results, furthering Avista Utilities’
$1.07 per diluted share contribution to earnings.
Avista Advantage came through, as well, turning in $0.08 per diluted share and registering its second year of profitability.This decade-old subsidiary, which handles
utility billing and usage analysis for multi-site companies across the nation, grew from $23.4 million to $31.7 million in revenues this year, an increase of 35 percent.
On the other hand, Avista Energy struggled in 2005. While this energy marketing and resource management subsidiary has sent dividends of $175 million to the corporation over the course of its history – and produced an overall 15 percent return on investment – the markets in which Avista Energy operates have changed.With that in mind, we have to realistically consider the business’s long-term prospects.
A company like Avista Energy can’t correctly predict market activity every time, and periods of loss are inevitable. And while we believe Avista Energy will provide value in 2006, we must measure our tolerance for less-than-consistent returns.
The Energy Marketing and Resource Management segment – primarily comprising Avista Energy – had a disappointing loss of $0.18 per diluted share.That obviously affected our cumulative results, and the corporation finished the year with net income available for common stock of $45.2 million and earnings per diluted share of $0.92.
On a more positive note, two significant events marked 2005, as well. Marian Durkin joined us as senior vice president, chief legal officer and chief compliance officer, immediately fitting right in with our leadership team. Her insight has proven particularly valuable in addressing the second significant event, the federal repeal of the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935 (PUHCA).
The repeal clears the way for Avista to form a holding company, further separating our utility operations from our non-regulated operations. Under the current structure, Avista Utilities isn’t a wholly owned subsidiary equivalent to others like Avista Energy and Avista Advantage. Instead, it is legally the parent entity.
By forming a holding company, we position Avista to better respond to the opportunities and risks arising
Avista Corp. | 4
Fellow Shareholders
w
What happens next?
 
    Gary G. Ely
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Avista Corp.
from the utility industry’s changing business and regulatory environment, in a manner that best serves the interests of our shareholders and customers.The new structure would permit investors, analysts and rating agencies to more easily analyze and value Avista’s individual lines of business.
Based on these advantages, the board of directors proposes the formation of a holding company.We don’t anticipate any substantial cost associated with the change, which must be approved by federal and state regulators and by you, our shareholders.You’ll find additional information on this proposal in the proxy statement for this year’s annual meeting.
There’s more ahead for Avista in 2006, to be sure. Avista Advantage has extended our utility expertise into the telecommunications industry, securing 61 clients already and opening a whole new market for our services.We’re also exploring customer requests for international service and evaluating Avista Advantage’s potential for growth.
In tackling our challenges at Avista Energy, we’re seeking to stabilize returns by expanding our capacity for asset management, capitalizing on our aptitude for running generation facilities, and marketing surplus output for large commercial and industrial customers. And our recent move into the natural gas retail marketing business in Montana should open new
markets and steady natural gas revenues, as similar measures did for our Canadian operations.
We’ll keep on installing advanced meter reading equipment in Avista Utilities’ territory, reduce other operating costs – with still more technology picking up the slack – and move forward with infrastructure improvements now in progress.
The ongoing, five-year, $115 million-plus upgrade of our transmission system continues to increase east-west transmission capacity and improve our north-south transfer capability, reinforcing our solid record of electric service reliability.
We’re also upgrading our turbine runners to generate an additional 38 megawatts with our existing hydro assets, rebuilding one unit each year for the next six years.The Noxon Rapids Dam on the Clark Fork River in Montana houses five units slated for more than
$31 million in efficiency enhancements over the next seven years.
Finally, we’ll continue to work collaboratively with area leaders in community development efforts, and meet the energy needs of our growing customer base which increased an average of 4 percent for natural gas and 3 percent for electricity in 2005.Those figures are almost twice what we experienced just two years ago.
As we implement our strategies to meet growing demand for our services, we will succeed only through the support and intelligence of our employees.They have proven themselves up to the task, and I appreciate their contribution more each year. I thank them – and you – for making Avista the principled and progressive company it is.
Gary G. Ely
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 10, 2006
 Avista Corp. | 5
