AS THE SECOND DECADE OF THE NEW MILLENNIUM BEGINS, OUR REFLECTIONS ON AVISTA’S ACHIEVEMENTS
OVER THE PAST 10 YEARS GIVE ME A GREAT SENSE OF PRIDE. I AM REMINDED OF THE MANY CHALLENGES
WE FACED AND THE SIGNIFICANT GOALS WE ACHIEVED. TODAY WE ARE FINANCIALLY SOUND AND
ONE OF THE CLEANEST, MOST EFFICIENT UTILITIES IN THE COUNTRY. FOR AVISTA, OUR
PAST HAS GIVEN US THE RESILIENCE TO MEET THE FUTURE HEAD ON. BEFORE WE LOOK
AHEAD, I’D LIKE TO BRIEFLY RECAP SOME HIGHLIGHTS OF 2009. WE HAD A POSITIVE AND SUCCESSFUL YEAR:
- Earnings per share growth of 16 percent;
- Dividend increase of 17 percent for an
annualized dividend of $0.84 per share;
targeting a dividend payout ratio of 60
to 70 percent;
- Credit rating upgrade from Fitch and
positive ratings outlooks from Moody’s
and Standard and Poor’s;
- Favorable refinancing activities in a
challenging market, saving our customers
millions of dollars over the next decade,
lessening our business risk and improving
our financial performance; and
- Stable earnings at Advantage IQ, despite
a challenging economy, with 31 percent
growth in revenue over 2008.
We successfully reset general rates for
electricity and natural gas in the three western
states we serve. And we will continue to work
with state regulators to earn rates of return
closer to those authorized by regulators.
Recovering the costs of doing business
through rates, however, was more contentious in
2009, due in part to the weak economy, regional
job losses, legislative uncertainties and an
extremely harsh winter. But when a family sits
down for dinner, the energy they need to cook
their meal, to light the table and to heat the room
must be there. So, we will continue with our
annual $210 million capital investments to assure
our customers get the reliable energy they expect.
Another achievement of 2009 was the receipt
of a new 50-year license for our five hydroelectric
projects on the Spokane River. In addition,
we celebrated the 50th anniversary of our
Noxon Rapids hydroelectric project in Montana.
Our long-standing commitment to renewable
hydroelectric generation and environmental
stewardship is strengthened by the partnerships
formed through these endeavors with stakeholders
including local, state and federal agencies, non-
governmental groups like Trout Unlimited and the
Sierra Club, and concerned individuals. We will
continue to nurture these important relationships
while investigating opportunities for further
renewable energy solutions.
Our company is well-grounded by the work
we’re doing to help our customers get the most
value from their energy dollar in their homes and
businesses. Later in this report you’ll read about
the success they are having in attaining significant
energy efficiency savings. But, for the future, our
collective attention must turn to managing energy
demand. By using energy more wisely – not just
by using less – we can improve our environmental
footprints and positively impact our economy.
I believe alignment of new public policies and
regulations concerning energy efficiency will
truly make a difference in our future.
But getting alignment isn’t easy. We are
working to cut through the political rhetoric of
“green,” to more clearly focus the conversation on
options and opportunities that encourage energy
efficiency as the preferred source of new energy.
That’s also why we are advocating for state
policies and regulations that provide Avista with
the opportunity to recover all of the costs
associated with our investments in conservation
as a resource. And we are involved in the
discussions on fair cap and trade and renewable
energy legislation, to level the playing field so our
customers don’t pay more just because we already
invested in clean generation and energy efficiency.
We’re carefully examining how new technology is
impacting our industry and our customers as we
incorporate smart grid components to bring value
to our customers and fair returns to our investors.
The stimulus fund grants we were selected to
receive from the U.S. Department of Energy in
late 2009 will give us added leverage to
significantly accelerate our use of smart circuit
technology, to enhance the efficiency and
reliability in our own system and to reduce our
carbon emissions. And in partnership with some of the best organizations in the industry, we’ll
develop the first smart grid city in the Pacific
Northwest to carefully test new technology from
generation to the customer.
We know that this is just the beginning of
the journey into distributed and intelligent
energy services. And we must be ever mindful
that if these new technologies are to be truly
successful, it will be because of the human
element that is integral to their use.
People increasingly demand more energy
to power what they do every day. And we must
look to meet this growing need with fewer
employees, as the largest generation of all time
– Baby Boomers – is retiring. We’ve planned for
this shift in our demographics, and we continue to
develop our work force to keep ideas fresh
and leadership strong.
The worldwide discourse on climate
change is no longer only about the rising demand
for energy, however; it is about clean energy.
As our society moves from being passive to active,
informed users of energy, it will ultimately be
people – like the dedicated employees of Avista
– who will determine how successfully we can
implement the emerging clean energy
technologies. We will be prepared.
Companies that can deliver effective energy
solutions will be the leaders and will enable their
customers to make wise decisions. At Avista, we
have been attentive to those opportunities since
our inception. And it shows. The foresight that
spawned the innovations you’ll see noted later in
this report – Itron, ReliOn and Advantage IQ,
among others – is woven throughout our
company’s culture. It positions us well to continue
our legacy of energy for a smart future.
What will our company look like in the next
decade or two? I am sure it will be different from
today, but many things will remain unchanged.
We are – and will continue to be – focused on
the deliberate design of what lies ahead, with
the clear intent of meeting the needs of our
customers, our investors, our employees and the
communities we serve – implementing knowledge
and technology at the speed of value.
Scott L. Morris
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer