Avon is a company that stands for beauty, innovation,
optimism...
and above all for women.
Dear Shareholders:
Every day, around the world, women are building better lives for themselves and their families by selling Avon products. This impact is both Avon’s legacy and our future.
I am committed to ensuring that this iconic beauty brand remains a source of inspiration and empowerment for women around
the globe for decades to come. And the only way to continue to accomplish this is to return Avon to sustainable, profitable growth.
Although Avon’s turnaround journey has taken longer and been more complex than I had originally expected, I remain confident
that we will succeed in our mission of returning Avon to sustainable, profitable growth, which will create long-term shareholder value.
My confidence stems from our experience over the course of 2014. Market by market, step by step, we are rebuilding the Company’s core. We’ve been executing with more consistency. We participate in the growing and attractive beauty segment and have the brand and products to compete. We have a very attractive geographic portfolio for the long-term and teams in place that can manage effectively through near-term macroeconomic challenges.
As anticipated, in 2014 we showed better performance in the second half of the year and delivered improvement on both top and bottom line. I attribute this improved performance to the work we have
done strengthening the foundation of Avon’s business. Across our top 12 markets, we have stronger management teams, an improved talent pipeline, and better discipline in executing against Avon’s
core processes.

We’ve now largely stabilized our top markets and believe we are well-positioned to continue our progress toward sustainable, profitable growth.
In 2014, we improved adjusted operating margin by 40 basis points year-on-year, even with a negative headwind of about 220 basis points due to currency. In constant dollars, we delivered flat revenue performance year-on-year, and total Beauty sales were also flat. Active Representatives were down 5%. Average order increased 5%.
We continued to improve our cost structure and achieved our cost savings target of $400 million that we established in late 2012. While these savings have been offset in part by currency and inflation, it’s very good progress. Given the stiff headwinds we’re facing, continuing to reduce structural cost remains a key priority for us.
Throughout the course of 2014, the organization was focused on improving the two core operational processes of our business—field management and commercial marketing. The improvements we made in these areas were crucial to put Avon in a position to grow.
In 2014, we solidified our category strategies and saw sequential Beauty category improvement in the second half of the year. We made good strides in commercial marketing with improved product offerings across our base business in core categories, such as skincare and fragrance. In fact, in skincare, we grew in the second half of the year. This is the first time that we’ve had consecutive quarter growth in skincare since 2008. This reflects a strengthened base business coupled with strong innovation in our top markets.
Regarding field management, we’ve shown improvement; however, this will remain our key focus in 2015. We know that to drive Representative engagement, we need to improve the Representative experience, which will ultimately impact the number of Active Representatives. Put simply, we need to make the Avon experience so compelling that a woman chooses to join us, has the confidence to recommend Avon products to her family and friends, and wants to remain with us.
In 2014, we also improved consumer access to Avon. Today, in most of our major markets, Representatives and their customers can access the Avon brochure through their mobile phones and tablets, and we
will continue to roll out and upgrade our mobile apps throughout 2015. We also successfully re-launched Avon.com in the U.S., giving our Representatives access to a more contemporary social-selling experience for her and her customers.
We also completed strategic alliances in Latin America with Coty and KORRES. The products from these alliances are important additions to our portfolio and will enable us to bring more consumers into Avon.
And importantly, during 2014, we finalized our agreement with the U.S. Government related to the FCPA matter.

As I reflect on our performance in 2014 and look forward to 2015, there are two factors that slow our progress.
First, our geographic portfolio indexes heavily to emerging markets. The strengthening of the U.S. dollar against key currencies—particularly in the fourth quarter of 2014 and into 2015—significantly impacted our performance, and is masking our progress. We’re taking the necessary actions to offset as much
of the currency impact as possible as we anticipate these difficult trends to continue in 2015. However, over the longer-term, our emerging market portfolio will play to our advantage, particularly in some of the larger Beauty markets, including Brazil, Russia and Mexico. Avon has weathered emerging-market cycles before, and I’m confident we’ll do so again.
The second factor is the pace of the North America turnaround, which is slower than anticipated. The U.S. business is on track to be profitable in 2015, driven by good progress in some key areas. This includes a substantial reduction to SG&A costs to get our cost base in line with the current size of the business. We also saw major improvement in commercial marketing in the areas of product mix, pricing, and merchandising execution. As a result, we continue to improve average order, an important indicator of Representative earnings opportunity.
The area where our U.S. business remains challenged is our Active Representative trends. We have not yet been able to sufficiently improve the Representative experience to retain new Representatives at the level we expect. Moving into 2015, the U.S. team has re-allocated resources to continue improving the Representative experience with a focus on the recruiting and retention processes and leadership advancement.
Looking back at 2014, much of our work was foundational. We put the right talent in place in our key markets. We improved execution against Avon’s core processes. We improved our cost structure to better align with our current business. Heading into 2015, I’m confident we will continue to see improved performance as we focus on growing Active Representatives, building our brand relevance, and improving consumer access.
Looking ahead to the future, I see great potential for Avon as we tap into the power of our brand and the value of our business model. Women selling beauty products to their social circles is as relevant today as it was 100 years ago. We have a tremendous opportunity to innovate within our business model as we take the essence of Avon and adapt to build a sustainable, profitable business.
Thank you,
Sheri McCoy
Chief Executive Officer March 2015
        