To our shareholders
Meet Dawn Parrino. Dawn joined Avon in 1997 for just $10. During he her very first week with the company, going door to door she earned $80 $800. "I I was amazed. I was astonished. I thought I would earn just a little extra extra, and here I was making a significant significant amount of money" money." Dawn is one of 500,000 Avon Representatives in the U.S. who have turned to Avon in a challenging economy. She is one of six million Representatives worldwide who have discovered the power of Avon to help make their dreams come true. And she is also one of two billion women globally who are searching for solutions in an increasingly complex world. The power of Dawn is the power of Avon. That's why I'm pleased to report that Avon delivered another strong performance in 2008, despite the challenging economic conditions that affected all businesses, including ours, beginning late in the year. Full-year earnings per share in 2008 increased 69% compared with 2007. Full-year revenues reached a record $10.7 billion, up 8%, or 5% in local currencies. Revenue growth was fueled by another strong performance in Beauty, which grew 10% (7% in local currency), reflecting market share gains across the portfolio. Color increased 11% (8% in local currency) as we continued to elevate innovation, enhance our image and leverage the exceptional popularity of Avon's Global Ambassador, award-winning actress Reese Witherspoon. Fragrance in 2008 was up a strong 9% (8% in local currency) powered by celebrity and designer alliances, including Unscripted d by Patrick Dempsey, U by Ungaro and Bond Girl 007. Skin Care grew 10% (5% in local currency) as we continued to strengthen our flagship Anew w brand. Anew w grew 20% in 2008, reaching total sales of $900 million for this single brand alone. In Personal Care, full-year revenue increased 8% (5% in local currency) as we significantly strengthened merchandising in this category.

Annual Repor t 2008

In addition to these positive performances across all of our Beauty categories, in 2008 Active Representatives increased a strong 7%. Representative growth was broad-based across geographies as we continued to aggressively invest in initiatives to improve the Avon earning opportunity and make it easier for our Representatives to sell and run their businesses.

Progress with Our Four-Point Turnaround Plan
At the end of 2005, Avon embarked on a bold journey to transform the business and position the company for sustainable growth over the long term. As a result, Avon is a far stronger business today than we were just three short years ago. We have significantly enhanced the competitiveness of our iconic beauty brand through an elevated focus on product innovation. We have also achieved breakthrough levels of awareness with the launch of our new "Hello Tomorrow" advertising campaign. Our overall advertising expenditure of nearly $400 million in 2008 was almost three times the amount we invested in 2005. These investments have helped strengthen our brand image and have enabled us to command higher price points for many of our most innovative products, particularly in Skin Care and Fragrance. As part of our turnaround, we have also invested an incremental $200 million to improve the value proposition for our Representatives. This has included improving commission structures in key growth markets around the world. We have also accelerated the roll out of our Sales Leadership program, which allows our Representatives to earn two ways: by selling to customers and by recruiting other Representatives. In 2005, only five markets had implemented Sales Leadership; today more than 30 markets are providing this increased earning opportunity to their Representatives. While improving earnings, we have also aggressively expanded the web-based tools available to help our Representatives manage their businesses. In fact today, 25 of our markets boast online ordering rates of 50% or more, with these numbers rising every day. To help fund these investments, over the past three years we have dramatically transformed our cost structure through a set of bold initiatives including a multi-year restructuring, the simplification of our product line, and a strategic sourcing program that leverages our global scale and buying power. Previously estimated to deliver $830 million in savings and benefits, these programs are overachieving their targets and are now expected to yield nearly $900 million in savings and benefits when fully implemented in 2011-2012.

A Year in Two Chapters
We feel very good about our revenue growth in 2008, but for Avon, as for most companies, the story of the year was a tale in two chapters. Following three quarters of strong performance, our revenue results in the fourth quarter were impacted by the worsening global economic environment as well as by very significant negative movements in foreign exchange rates. These volatile external headwinds also impacted our operating margin results. For the first three quarters of the year, we tracked ahead of our full-year operating margin goal to approach 2005's level of 14%. However, the negative impact of foreign currency exchange and slowing local currency revenue growth significantly affected fourthquarter profits. As a result, we achieved a full-year 2008 operating margin of 12.5%, below our original expectation but still a full 370-basis point improvement over 2007's operating margin of 8.8%. In terms of 2009, it would be safe to say that none of us have a crystal ball for how the year will play out. The unprecedented scale of the global economic downturn and the magnitude of the foreign currency exchange impact will certainly continue to pressure businesses around the globe. It is prudent to assume that these pressures will continue for the foreseeable future, so we are fully prepared to manage through a very challenging year. Having said that, I believe that we enter this period of unprecedented headwinds with three exceptional competitive assets that position us to emerge as an even stronger and healthier business when the economy improves. These assets include:

· progress with our turnaround plan which has
given us a stronger foundation for success; model which offers both an incomegenerating opportunity and "smart value" products; managing through economic downturns.

· our fundamentally advantaged business

· and third, our decades of experience

With many aspects of those programs successfully completed, we now have the management capacity to undertake new cost opportunities. In February 2009, we announced a new restructuring program that is targeted to deliver annualized savings of approximately $200 million by 2012­2013. Even beyond these programs, we have embedded a "constant turnaround mentality" throughout the organization, reflecting our commitment to continually drive costs out of the business. Over the past three years, we have focused on achieving zero overhead growth. In 2009, we are accelerating our aggressive focus on cost reduction to deliver negative overhead growth in response to the challenging macro environment.

We are supporting this advertising with equally high-profile public relations opportunities, including a recent appearance by several Avon U.S. Representatives on Good Morning America, and similar appearances in key markets around the world. We are also capitalizing on many other different venues to get our messages to the public. These include showcasing the Avon earning opportunity at career fairs and on internet job sites, as well as more prominent focus on Avon's own internet home page and in our brochure, which is one of the highest circulation publications in the world. In addition to Representative recruiting, in 2009 we will ensure that our sales brochure offers consumers a far greater amount of products in the under $5 or equivalent range to meet the needs of increasingly valueconscious consumers. Avon offers a broad product assortment at every price point and we also have full control over our store--the Avon brochure. This gives us the flexibility to quickly rebalance our product mix as consumer needs shift. We have also sharpened our "smart value" messaging. This includes creating special value sections in sales brochures around the world as well as separate flyers and mini-brochures. For example, a sales flyer in the U.K. features the cover line: "Want to Be Beautiful on a Budget?" The message here is not about discounting. The goal is to remind consumers of our everyday low prices. Or as we say in one of the mini-brochures: "Forget one-day discounts. Avon prices will always be appealing because we believe that women should look and feel fabulous for less." In addition, we are combining this "smart value" focus with clear messages about the ease of the Avon shopping experience compared with retail, emphasizing personal home delivery by Avon Representatives with no delivery fee.

Avon's Advantaged Business Model
The second competitive asset we will leverage in 2009 is Avon's advantaged business model, which is uniquely suited to adjust to times like these. With unemployment increasing in many countries, and with recessionary fears spreading, promoting Avon's incomegenerating opportunity will be one of our most critical areas of focus in 2009. Avon is the largest engine of economic opportunity for women on earth. We sell to our Representatives on credit, so that for the most part, our Representatives don't pay us until they get paid by their customers. This makes us the largest microlender to women. Additionally, unlike other entrepreneurial opportunities, there is minimal cost to start an Avon business. Our brand name has 90% recognition worldwide and is consistently listed as one of the world's top global brands. So Representatives are selling products that consumers know and want. With these strengths, in 2009 we are shifting a greater portion of our total advertising budget against our Representative recruiting effort, doubling both the amount we spend and the number of markets where we advertise Avon's earning opportunity. We are also strengthening this advertising to address people's concerns in the current economy, with messages like: "I can't get fired. I can't lose my job. This is my business." We are also seeking high-profile venues to share this message, such as the 30-second advertising spot we recently ran during the pre-game show of the U.S. Super Bowl.

A History of Experience
By accelerating our focus in 2009 on these recruiting and "smart value" strategies, our goal is to outrun the contraction in consumer spending and protect our market share. This is the strategy we have relied on during financial crises in the past, and each time we have emerged stronger and better.

Annual Report 2008

A company doesn't get to be 123 years old as Avon is without learning to navigate economic downturns. During challenging times like these, we are fortunate to have a leadership team on the ground that is steeped in experience. Our general manager in Brazil, Luis Felipe Miranda, for example, is a 30-year veteran who spent many years in Venezuela, leading that market through nearly constant crisis. Our general manager in Mexico, Jorge Martinez Quiroga, is another 30-plus year Avon leader who led Argentina through that market's financial crisis in 2001. In both European business units, as we confront volatile currency movements, we are fortunate to have two regional operating leaders with nearly 60 years of combined experience between them. Even during the Great Depression, Avon's model thrived on aggressively reaching for new customers and Representatives. So history says we have met each challenge with success. And each time, we've emerged stronger and healthier as a company. There is no doubt that 2009 will be one of the most challenging periods in business history. With the world on edge, fear can trump fundamentals, but Avon has proven time and time again that fundamentals can trump fear. We have a proven track record and the right playbook for challenging times. Our world-famous direct selling channel and iconic beauty brand continue to provide unparalleled advantage. And beyond this, Avon remains a financially stable company. We ended 2008 with $1.1 billion in cash, and we continue to have an investment grade debt rating and full access to credit markets. As a sign of our financial stability, our Board of Directors in early February approved a 5% increase in our dividend for 2009, the 19th consecutive year of an increase in our regular dividend to shareholders.

So we begin 2009 on a strong foundation. Our commitment to Avon shareholders is that we're going to keep on doing all the right things for the business, just as we have always done -- opening new doors and bringing new Representatives and customers into our store. We will build on our progress with our turnaround, our advantaged business model and our 123 years of experience as one of the most admired and successful companies in the world. We will do what we know how to do, but also what we need to do to ensure that we emerge a much stronger company, as we always have. In closing, I want to thank our almost six million Avon Representatives and approximately 42,000 associates around the globe for their dedication and commitment to the company. I also want to recognize our outstanding Board of Directors for their invaluable guidance and counsel. And finally, I would like to acknowledge you, the Avon shareholder, for supporting and believing in our management team. You have our commitment that Avon will stay the course on our continuing journey to sustainable profitable growth. Our destination remains unchanged: being the solution for Dawn Parrino and for the six million other Dawns who touch hundreds of millions of women across the globe. During these unprecedented times when the world is full of questions, we firmly believe that now more than ever, Avon can be the answer.

Andrea Jung March, 2009

