Dear Shareholders:
Our vision for Avon is to restore the company to its rightful place as an iconic beauty brand with products that consumers love and demand, and to reinforce our global leadership in direct selling, all while continuing to fulfill our mission to empower women.
I am confident that we have the building blocks we need to succeed. We have an iconic, loved and resilient BRAND; a robust CHANNEL built on personal connections; and, great PRODUCTS in growing categories.
2013 was an important year in our turnaround journey. While performance remained challenged, I’m pleased that we made headway toward Avon’s return to profitable growth and our 2016 financial goals, which are:
• Mid-single digit constant dollar revenue growth • Low-double digit adjusted operating margin
• At least $400 million net cost savings
• $100 million+ working capital reduction
In 2013, we improved our financial performance and capital structure. We continued to drive to cost savings and have achieved approximately one-third of our three-year, $400 million savings goal. We exited several small, underperforming markets. While we improved our operating margin by 130 bps year-over-year and improved our cash position, we have work to do in delivering profitable growth. 2013 total revenue of $10.0 billion decreased 6%, or 1% in constant dollars. Total Beauty sales declined 7%, or 2% in constant dollars. Active Representatives were down 2% although average order increased 1%.
Also in 2013, we delivered year-over-year improvements in the performance of Brazil and Russia, two of our largest markets. We rebuilt the Avon executive team and strengthened the management bench in our top markets. And we are more disciplined at directing our resources where they will deliver the best return on investment.

Looking at our category performance, in 2013 we saw modest growth in Fragrance, and Fashion & Home. We made some progress in Color cosmetics. We continue our work in Skincare, where we have good potential for growth, particularly given our tremendous position in anti-aging with many first-to-market technologies.
Looking ahead, in 2014 we are driving toward continued improvement of our financial performance, including additional progress on our sales goals, reducing costs, and improving operating margins. And, importantly, we are focused on reversing the decline of the U.S. business, which is critical to the company’s overall performance.
To drive profitable growth, we are focused on three areas:
Strengthening and Leveraging our Direct Sales Core
Direct Sales is the core of Avon’s business and strengthening the fundamental processes that support a healthy direct selling business is a top priority. In 2014, we are focused on improvements in field management and commercial marketing. Strong field management capabilities will ensure that we are able to effectively recruit and retain Representatives. Strong commercial marketing capabilities will ensure that we have the right product portfolio, pricing strategies, and merchandising to generate strong consumer demand for our products. We plan to strengthen our people and processes significantly across both of these crucial areas in each of our top markets. We will also continue to modernize our direct selling channel, offering digital tools like virtual makeover apps and mobile brochures, to make it easier for Representatives to do business with Avon.
Maximizing our Geographic Portfolio
Rosallie
Avon Independent Sales Representative Philippines
 Our top 12 markets represented 77.5% of Avon’s
revenue in 2013, and to improve consistency in our
overall performance, it is important that each of our top
markets is on solid footing. In 2014, we are focused on
moving our top markets through stabilization to growth. In
some markets, that means investing to grow. In others,
the focus will be on continuing our stabilization agenda. We have an enviable geographic footprint with 75% of our business in emerging markets, where we see good growth potential. However, it’s also important that we have a stable U.S. business to balance our geographic portfolio. We aim to deliver significant improvements in our U.S. business in 2014 by focusing on the basics: re-energizing our field, and building a better consumer and Representative proposition. We will also be taking bold actions to create a sustainable cost base for the future.
Rosallie has been an independent Avon Sales Representative in the Philippines for more than 20 years. As a young mother, she made the decision to stay home to raise her children rather than complete her studies. She began selling Avon to earn spending money, and quickly turned her love of makeup and her love for family into a successful career. She says: “I didn’t expect that by joining Avon my dreams would come true.”
See Rosallie’s story online at
www.AvonCompany.com/EarningsOpportunity

Expanding our Brand and Channel to Reach New Customers
We have tremendous opportunity to bring new consumers into the Avon family, which will benefit our Representatives. One way we can achieve this is through strategic alliances. We are also excited about the potential of e-commerce, where we can introduce new consumers to Avon brands while also providing an improved earnings opportunity for our Representatives.
Avon is headed into 2014 as a stronger organization, with fewer distractions and a commitment to deliver. Each time I visit an Avon market to meet our Associates and Representatives, I see firsthand their energy and commitment to delivering on our Vision. I also see the great work that our Representatives and Associates are doing on causes that are important to women everywhere – breast cancer and domestic violence. This philanthropic work generates tremendous good will toward the Avon brand.
Our Representatives and their customers are at the heart of our business. We have solid plans in place to make Avon a better, simpler, and more stable business. And we remain committed to returning Avon to profitable and sustainable growth.
Thank you,
Sheri McCoy
Chief Executive Officer March 2014
                