Dear Shareholders,
Exiting 2014, we assessed the state of Avon's business--this included an in-depth review of both our operational progress and the external economic environment. Despite the progress made, it was clear that Avon was facing significant macro headwinds and needed improved financial flexibility. At the same time, the North America business recovery was taking longer than previously anticipated. The path forward for Avon needed to be redefined. It was critical that we complete this work quickly and thoroughly, while not losing sight of the mission and the values that have made Avon an iconic company. We embarked on a journey to define this new path for Avon--one that would provide a solution for the North America business, allow us to better drive growth in international markets, and improve our financial flexibility. The urgency of this journey was amplified by the macro headwinds we endured in 2015. As it turned out, the foreign currency pressures we faced in 2015 were beyond the magnitude that we--or anyone--had predicted, with several major currencies taking an unprecedented drop compared with the U.S. dollar. In 2015 alone, Avon experienced negative currency impacts on operating profit, when compared with 2014, of nearly half a billion dollars. We conducted an exhaustive review of our strategic options, and the path we charted includes the bold steps necessary to drive greater shareholder value. The options considered by our Board ranged from continuing to operate the Avon business as is, to strategic partnerships, to radical shifts in channel and structure, and many variations in between. We discussed options with potential partners in direct selling, consumer packaged goods, and retail as well as other private investors. We received broad and diverse interest, and the options were narrowed down to the most attractive proposals, both strategically and financially. On December 17, 2015, after a thorough due diligence process, we announced a strategic partnership with Cerberus Capital Management, L.P. We closed the transaction on March 1, 2016. This partnership includes the separation of Avon's North America business into a privately held company that is majority-owned and managed by Cerberus. Cerberus has invested $170 million for an approximate 80% ownership interest of the North America business, which now operates as New Avon LLC. Avon maintains an approximate 20% interest in the North America business. Avon has the opportunity to benefit from the upside of the substantial investment that Cerberus is making to reinvigorate the North America business in a private setting with good potential to return the Avon North America business to sustainable growth. Cerberus also invested $435 million in Avon Products, Inc. in exchange for an ownership interest of approximately 16.6%. Avon Products, Inc., comprised of the remaining international markets, continues to trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol AVP. This is a true partnership with Cerberus, intentionally structured so that we are each vested in one another's success. The capital infusion from Cerberus, the suspension of the dividend, and additional operating efficiencies from our recently announced transformation plan are expected to provide us with the needed financial flexibility to implement operational and capital plans that fully support the international business. Cerberus also brings significant operational expertise to help us to execute our plans.

2015 BUSINESS PERFORMANCE Having separated the North America business into this new structure, I am very confident in the prospects for the remaining business moving forward. With the North America business now reported as discontinued operations, Avon's reported full-year revenue for 2015 was $6.2 billion. Excluding the divestiture of Liz Earle, 2015 revenue increased 3% in constant dollars, and when also excluding the unusual impacts of significant tax items in Brazil,* the underlying Avon business grew 5% in constant dollars. Our Adjusted Operating margin for the year was 5.7%.** An important priority for 2015 was to improve Representative growth in our top markets. We made significant progress and delivered year-on-year Active Representative growth of 1%. We also delivered improvements in category performance in constant dollars. Beauty grew 3% for the year driven by 7% growth in Fragrance and 1% growth in Color. Skincare was flat but would have grown low single digits with the exclusion of the divestiture of Liz Earle. Fashion & Home grew 5%. We also continued to strengthen our operational execution. Our top markets drove steady improvement in overall performance with the majority growing in constant currency and delivering solid profit. We have strong management teams in place locally. They are performing well ­ some of them in extremely challenging environments.

AVON'S TRANSFORMATION PLAN The management team has already begun the execution of a three-year transformation plan, which was developed in parallel with the review of strategic alternatives. This plan was introduced to the investment community in January. There are three components to the plan: Invest in Growth, Drive out Cost, and Improve Financial Resilience.

Avon's Three-Year Transformation Plan
Invest in Growth $350M Drive out Cost $350M

Improve Financial Resilience

2015
Program Focus Invest in Growth Drive Out Cost Financial Resilience

2016

2017
Focus Builds into 2017

2018

Primary Focus to Fuel Growth Continued Focus to Fund Transformation

* Namely VAT credits that we recognized and benefited from in 2014 and the negative impact of newly enacted IPI taxes during 2015. ** On a reported basis, revenue declined 19% and operating margin was 2.7%.

Invest in Growth. We will invest in our brand through an increase in media spend as well as a shift of our media mix to a greater focus on digital. We will also continue to execute Avon's Beauty for a Purpose brand program, which we launched in 2015 to a very positive response. We're investing to improve the earnings and experience of our Representatives. This includes segmentation strategies to better meet each Representative's needs and significant improvements in the service model. We will also invest to contemporize our model through social selling. Drive out Cost. Over three years, we will reduce our cost base by $350 million. We announced significant changes in our operating model in March that include reduction in our corporate infrastructure, the transition of Avon's Corporate headquarters to the United Kingdom, and headcount reductions of approximately 2,500 filled and open positions. These changes are expected to deliver $50 million of the $70 million savings committed to in 2016. The team has identified additional areas of opportunity to close the remaining savings gap and is creating the plans to capture those additional savings for the year. Improve Financial Resilience. In 2015, we took steps to improve our financial flexibility, including the renegotiation of our working capital facility, the divestiture of the Liz Earle business, and the suspension of the dividend. We will continue this work with focus on shifting our cost base out of hard currencies to better match our revenue portfolio, repaying debt in 2016 if the opportunity is appropriate, and identifying additional tax-planning opportunities.

LOOKING TO THE FUTURE Avon has a very strong foundation to build on. We participate in attractive and growing categories and markets. We have high-quality, innovative products and strong Research & Development capabilities. We have a growing Representative base and leadership positions in key international markets and beauty categories. The Avon brand is iconic and purpose driven. We have mapped out a clear path forward for Avon with our three-year transformation plan and are executing against that plan with speed and rigor. 2016 is a special year for Avon as it marks our 130th anniversary. We're very proud of our heritage and of the positive impact we have had on millions of women's lives. I am confident that the steps we are taking will build shareholder value and also ensure Avon's relevance for generations to come. Thank you,

Sheri McCoy
Chief Executive Officer April 2016

We will strengthen Avon's position as a leader in beauty, unleash the power of the Avon network, and introduce a new generation of women to a brand we know they will love.

