To our shareholders
A year ago, I wrote to you about the challenges we faced in 2005 and our commitment to address them through a comprehensive turnaround plan. One year later, I am pleased to tell you that we have moved forward aggressively against every aspect of our plan. With 8% revenue growth in a year that was anticipated to be flat or up only slightly, we are ahead of where we expected to be this early in the turnaround.
Underpinning these results is a significant acceleration of our investments in growth. Our first priority was to step-change our advertising investment, and in 2006 we increased advertising by more than 80%,
to $249 million. To fund this investment,
we launched a major restructuring plan to significantly reduce our cost base. In the first year of the plan, we delivered approximately $100 million in savings. These savings, and more, were invested back into the business to fuel the top line.
Our progress in 2006 also reflected major changes to our organizational structure
to address our growing size. With $8.8
billion in revenues in 2006, the company
has increased over 60% in size since I was named CEO in 1999. By implementing our new global operating model last year, we are now better positioned to leverage our global scale and compete in the global marketplace, while still maintaining the strengths of our entrepreneurial roots.
So overall, we feel good about our early progress with our turnaround. Through heightened analytical rigor, we have been able to
target our investments for maximum return and confirm our belief that Avon continues to remain a growth model. At the same time, we are aware that we’re still only a year into a multiyear effort with a lot more work ahead of us. We are committed to managing our business for the long-term, and will take the necessary steps to restore Avon to sustainable growth.
Against this backdrop, let me provide an update on our turnaround plan. As you’ll recall, the plan has four parts: 1) Commit to Brand Competitiveness; 2) Win with Commercial Edge; 3) Elevate Organization Effectiveness; and 4) Radically Transform the Cost Structure. I'll look at progress against each part of the plan as well as priorities for 2007.
COMMIT TO BRAND COMPETITIVENESS
We entered 2006 planning a 50% increase
in advertising but raised spending given the strong paybacks we were seeing from these investments. In fact, we now anticipate that by the end of 2007, our advertising spending will be more than double 2005’s level—a year ahead of what we had originally planned.
Advertising helped drive an 8% increase in overall beauty sales, with particular strength in the skin care and fragrance categories. In skin care, we were pleased to be able to restore growth to our flagship Anew anti-aging skin care brand. We also successfully launched our mass-priced anti-aging skin care brand,
Avon Solutions Ageless Results.
In the fragrance category, successful strategic alliances and celebrity tie-ins contributed to a strong performance.
        2006 Annual Report

Our Swarovski-inspired fragrance, Crystal Aura, performed well around the world, and in North America, the Derek Jeter fragrance, Driven, was well received by consumers.
In color, our 2006 performance continued to be disappointing. Comprehensive plans to totally transform our color line were developed during the year. Avon Color is being relaunched in the spring of 2007 with major new innovations, a broader shade palette and contemporary new packaging. The category will also benefit from alliances with leading fashion designers and a celebrity makeup artist. To support the relaunch, our color advertising investment will be triple what it was in 2005.
WIN WITH COMMERCIAL EDGE
Another area where we are significantly increasing our investments is to support our more than five million Avon Representatives around the world. They are our direct link with consumers and deliver our commercial edge in the marketplace.
In early 2006, we put in place a new global merchandising team to work with local markets to improve the Avon shopping experience.
We also began focusing on how to reduce the large size of Avon’s product line, which drives complexity and cost. Through some early actions, we were able to reduce our size-of-line by 25% during 2006, but size-of-line reduction continues to be a major focus.
With these efforts under way, in mid-2006, we began a comprehensive study looking
at the total value proposition for our Representatives. As part of this study, we completed an in-depth analysis quantifying the paybacks of our various field investments. The data showed high paybacks for many
of our channel investments, and created a compelling case for accelerating investment levels for our channel as well as our brand.
As a result, in the fourth quarter 2006
we increased our channel investments
in selected markets and saw some early improvements in active Representative growth. In 2007, we intend to invest an incremental $100 million to further strengthen the Representative value proposition.
To enhance Representative earnings, we have developed tailored plans by market, including increasing the frequency of our sales campaigns, launching our Sales Leadership opportunity and reducing the Representative's cost of doing business with Avon. To reduce the effort it takes to sell Avon, we are investing in a major global initiative to give Representatives comprehensive Internet and mobile phone tools to help them manage their businesses.
While improving the overall Representative experience, we also remain focused on continuing to build our field force in our priority geographies around the world. Certainly the launch of direct-selling in China was one of the highlights for us in 2006. In late February, Avon received the first license granted by
the Chinese government under new direct- selling regulations. We ended the year with over 350,000 licensed Sales Promoters, approximately 150,000 of whom fit our standard definition for active Representatives.
As we built our direct-selling base, we successfully stabilized our 5,400 retail
Beauty Boutiques and created a new earning opportunity for them as direct-selling service centers. With our Beauty Boutiques and
Sales Promoters now working together in one integrated direct-selling model, revenues in China are growing again, and we continue to be excited about the long-term potential in this important market.

ELEVATE ORGANIZATION EFFECTIVENESS
The successful launch of direct-selling in China in 2006 reflected a close partnership between local management and our newly established Global Direct Selling function, which brought oversight and world-class expertise to this priority market. In a similar manner, our new Global Marketing function is working with markets around the world to optimize our brand investments. The Global Supply Chain team is driving an integrated manufacturing and distribution strategy to deliver cost benefits by leveraging our global scale.
In addition to this new, matrixed operating structure, the company’s organizational effectiveness has been enhanced by reducing management layers from 15 to eight, and by the elimination of 25% of our management positions. This “delayering” of the organization, which was substantially completed in the first half of 2006, has brought our senior leaders closer to markets, and our markets closer to our Representatives and our consumers. This helped us streamline the flow of information across the organization, and is enabling faster decision making and quicker response time to changing market conditions.
RADICALLY TRANSFORM THE COST STRUCTURE
Delayering was also a major part of the restructuring plan we announced at the
end of 2005 to radically transform Avon’s cost structure. As part of this plan, we said we would spend $500 million to implement restructuring and this would yield in excess of $300 million in annualized cost savings that could be reinvested in the business. We are on track to achieve this, and in 2007 we expect to realize approximately $200 million in savings from delayering alone. Other restructuring programs include realigning
our North American distribution network, several regionalization, centralization and outsourcing initiatives, as well as exiting some unprofitable businesses.
In addition to this original restructuring plan, we launched two new initiatives in late 2006—Product Line Simplification (PLS) and a Strategic Sourcing Initiative (SSI)—that will further reduce our cost base.
PLS, in particular, promises to be a “game changer” for Avon. It will help us define a smaller range of better performing, more profitable, high volume products—and provide us the processes and disciplines to maintain the right assortment.
The benefits of a less complex product offering should be felt throughout our organization, from product development to sourcing and manufacturing. In addition, for our Representatives and consumers, it will make Avon easier to sell and shop.
SSI will change how we buy direct and indirect materials, goods and services around the world. Led by a global sourcing team, purchasing will be centralized. We’ll buy on
a supplier basis, not on a component basis, working with a reduced number of suppliers to increase their scale of business with us and provide us with the greatest leverage.
Taken together, PLS and SSI should yield
over $400 million in annual benefits upon
their full implementation. The combination
of restructuring, PLS and SSI should deliver over $700 million in total annual benefits to the company, giving us adequate resources to continue to invest in growth while also helping improve profit margins over time.
        2006 Annual Report

OUR ROADMAP
TO SUSTAINABLE GROWTH
With solid progress across all four parts
of our turnaround plan, we feel confident that we’re on the right path to achieve sustainable growth. We will continue to accelerate our investment in our brand; we will step up investment in our channel and our Representatives; we will continue to drive out costs; and we will manage Avon for the long-term.
I would like to share one last exciting initiative with you: As we went to press with this report, we launched Avon’s first-ever integrated global advertising campaign supporting
both our brand and our channel. Themed “Hello Tomorrow,” the campaign creates an opportunity to speak in one voice with one unified message to all of our audiences.
For consumers, “Hello Tomorrow” offers a high-impact new look for Avon that will be featured in exciting new product advertising around the world, with the same visuals
and messages carried through all consumer communications, including the sales brochure. For our Representatives, “Hello Tomorrow”
will build pride and attract new recruits with
a consistent branding message that will
be carried through all recruiting materials worldwide and our first-ever global recruitment advertising campaign.
But beyond this, “Hello Tomorrow” is also a wonderful expression of Avon’s commitment to the community. In 2006, Avon and the Avon Foundation proudly reached the incredible milestone of raising and donating $500 million worldwide to help improve
the lives of women. And just recently, Avon launched a grassroots “Hello Tomorrow” fund in 19 countries, which will award funds to help individuals implement new programs that empower women of all ages.
So in 2007, we continue our journey to create a better tomorrow for all those we serve and who contribute to our success. In closing, I want to extend some very special recognition to the people on whom we depend the most, including our five million Representatives around the world, and our team of Avon associates who helped us launch our business turnaround in 2006. I also want to recognize our Board of Directors, whose counsel and guidance are always so invaluable. And finally, I want to extend a very special thanks to you, our Avon shareholders, for your continuing belief in the company and in our management team, especially during this turnaround year.
As we look forward, we remain confident in our path, and committed to restoring Avon to sustainable growth. We are working hard to create a new tomorrow for Avon, and this new tomorrow starts today.
Andrea Jung
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
March 15, 2007
   