Dear Shareholders,
2016 was an important year for Avon as it marked the 130th anniversary of our iconic beauty Company. It was also a year of significant change as we embarked on the first year of our three year Transformation Plan. Following a strategic review of the business in 2015, undertaken to identify alternatives for improving shareholder value, we completed a strategic partnership with Cerberus Capital Management, L.P. in March 2016. The partnership with Cerberus put Avon on a solid path to profitability and growth by providing a solution for the North America business as well as capital, focus, and resources to support growth of Avon Products, Inc. through the execution of our Transformation Plan. We successfully separated Avon’s North American business in March 2016 into a privately held company operating as New Avon LLC under the management of a Cerberus affiliate where Avon Products, Inc., retained an approximate 20% interest. As part of the transaction, Cerberus made a $435 million investment in exchange for an approximate 16.6% interest in Avon Products, Inc., which remains listed on the New York Stock Exchange. This strategic partnership, coupled with the capital injection, helped enable us to strengthen our balance sheet and support the investment required to execute our three year Transformation Plan with the goal of delivering mid-single-digit constant dollar revenue growth and low double-digit operating margin.
2016 BUSINESS PERFORMANCE
The Transformation Plan was a key enabler of our 2016 financial performance. We delivered solid overall year-on-year improvement in 2016, notwithstanding a deceleration in performance in the fourth quarter. For the full year, total revenue from reportable segments was $5.7 billion, and grew 3% in constant dollars, despite significant macroeconomic, socio, and geopolitical challenges. From reportable segments, Active Representatives declined 1% and Ending Representatives were flat year on year. The decline in Active Representatives was primarily due to Asia Pacific. Also from reportable segments, Average Order grew by 4% and price/mix rose 7% benefiting from our pricing strategies in some key markets. We were pleased with our full year Adjusted Operating Margin which improved 80 basis points to 6.5%, despite the negative impact from foreign exchange of approximately 310 basis points. The margin improvement was primarily driven by the favorable impact of price and mix, as well as continued benefits from cost savings initiatives, partially offset by an unexpected increase in bad debt in the fourth quarter, primarily in Brazil.
In 2016, from reportable segments, we grew our Beauty category 2% in constant dollars, with Fragrance growing 4%, Color growing 2%, and Skincare growing 1%. Fashion and Home also grew 2% in constant dollars year-on-year.
 AVON ANNUAL REPORT 2016 1

We are broadening our focus in 2017 to our top fifteen markets
markets during 2016, we are broadening our focus in 2017 to our top fifteen markets, which represent approximately 80% of Avon’s revenue. We will also continue to navigate the macro and geopolitical environment.
OUR TRANSFORMATION PLAN
In early 2016, we introduced a three year Transformation Plan comprising three strategic pillars: Invest in Growth, Drive out Cost and Improve Financial Resilience. In 2016, we made solid progress against the Plan in reducing costs, and strengthening our balance sheet. As we move into 2017, we are now able to place more focus on Investing in Growth.
We made good progress in this first year against our Drive out Cost strategy, as we significantly reduced and aligned our cost structure, achieving an estimated $120 million in cost savings, exceeding our target for the year. During 2016 we made significant progress on our operating model, eliminating redundant regional layers, further reducing the Corporate Center and shifting costs out of the U.S. We’ve also made steady progress on improving our sourcing spend and work is underway on Supply Chain initiatives to optimize our manufacturing capacity and distribution network. We remain on track to deliver $350 million in savings during the three year Transformation Plan. With regards to Improving Financial Resilience, we have benefited from the $435 million Cerberus investment and reduced our debt levels by prepaying approximately $260 million of debt. We also strengthened our balance sheet as we extended the maturity profile of our debt.
To drive sustainable growth, we must invest in the Avon Brand and improve the experience for our Representatives by evolving and modernizing our business as we compete in the ever evolving digital world. As part of the Transformation Plan, we outlined a $350 million investment over three years that includes an estimated $150 million in media and digital social selling and $200 million in service model evolution and Information Technology. To achieve our ambitions during 2017, we will focus on five key areas:
Our strategy to focus on our top ten markets resulted in improved growth for the overall company as well as yielded better overall performance in our top markets. As we move through 2017, I am confident that the plans we have in place will help us deliver more consistent and sustainable constant dollar revenue growth. Due to our success in improving the performance of our top ten
 2
| AVON ANNUAL REPORT 2016

1. Strengthening the Avon brand
Avon is a well-known and well-loved brand globally, and we continue to build our relevance with women of all ages.
During 2016, we successfully rolled out our Beauty for a Purpose positioning to all markets around the world - it speaks with one voice about our core social purpose of economically empowering women, underpinned by demonstrable product quality and value.
We are shifting more resources to digital, investing in the platforms and channels that allow us to drive conversations with all Representatives, consumers and potential consumers. In 2016, this led to around 25% growth in Avon’s total global social media reach, with some 20 million Facebook fans, approximately 280 million YouTube views and a doubling of Instagram followers to nearly two million. During 2017 we will build on these successes, with incremental investments in digital and TV where we aim to attract the highest return on investment.
2. Continued investment in innovation
Our focus has
We continue to invest in innovation, bringing new products to market to address the beauty needs of more women across the world, and introducing more women to the Avon brand. Our focus has been on our top 40 brands, which represent about 80% of our business. These brands meet specific consumer needs and offer choices in the Value, Mass and Upper Mass demographic segments. During 2016, we also saw the launch of
been on our top
40 brands, which
represent about 80%
of our business.
several successful new products, including Avon Ultra Matte lipstick, Big and Daring Mascara and new skincare products from the highly innovative ANEW brand, including ANEW Youth Maximizing Serum, ANEW Ultimate Supreme Advanced Performance Crème and Ultimate Supreme Dual Elixir. Our innovation pipeline and expertise is strong, and we will continue to see exciting new product launches which appeal to a broader spectrum of women through 2017.
3. Pricing discipline
Pricing is one of our key focus areas but it is not a single dimension – it requires balancing of a number of considerations, such as competitive pricing, inflation rates and levels of product innovation. At times it can be an art as well as a science. In 2016 we were able to improve our overall price through inflationary pricing and pricing of new innovation. We continue to work to improve our pricing skills throughout the organization with the aim of improving the consistency of our performance.
 AVON ANNUAL REPORT 2016 3

4. Improving Representative engagement
We remain committed to our longer term goal of 1 to 2% Active Representative growth and our plans for onboarding, segmentation, and modernizing our business to support this goal. However, we have not made the progress we would like in this area – particularly in some markets. We believe we will achieve such growth if we continue to help women earn more and to ensure they earn in line with the effort they put into their business. We are enhancing our onboarding processes for Representatives, including training to enable them to build confidence and be successful. We have also implemented segmentation in a number of our top markets, to offer more customized approaches to the needs of our new and longer term Representatives. Approximately 60% of sales are generated by people who have been with Avon for 18 months or more – highlighting the importance of investing in training and retaining Representatives.
5. Embed digital and online social selling into the fabric of our business
Avon is a face-to-face social selling business, and we are investing to grow our digital capabilities. Across all of our markets we are increasing our social media reach to engage Representatives and consumers with the Avon brand. A core component of improving Representative engagement is evolving our Service Model and, as indicated, we plan to invest $200 million in Information Technology including digital systems to make this possible. In 2016 we initiated a new service
We are increasing our social media reach to engage Representatives and consumers
platform in our largest market, Brazil, which is proving to be a success with Representatives. We invested in a new digital Representative facing model which made it easier for Representatives to do business with Avon. This highly integrated platform provides her with a range of new capabilities including mobile responsiveness, better order placement, upsell and cross sell capabilities, social network integration, training videos, credit and data management and easy online order management. We will be rolling this out more broadly to top markets in 2017 and 2018.
Improved segmentation and integration of digital platforms and systems are part of our multi-year journey and will help us bring social selling to scale and underpin the growth of our business.
 4 | AVON ANNUAL REPORT 2016

UK HEADQUARTERS
With the successful separation of our North America business in 2016, our commercial operations are now fully outside of the United States, allowing us to evolve our operating model. By moving Avon’s headquarters to the UK, we brought our corporate and commercial businesses closer together, which improves operational effectiveness and efficiencies. Our new London headquarters became fully operational in January 2017 and is now my primary work location, along with some other Executives and Corporate associates.
2017 LOOKING AHEAD
I’m optimistic that the steps we have taken in 2016 have laid the foundation for further progress in transforming our business. We have a strong set of building blocks for the future, with an iconic brand, leading market share positions in many countries, a strong innovation pipeline and an incredible Representative base of around six million women who are ambassadors for the Avon brand. We will continue to execute our Transformation Plan – investing in growth, driving out cost and improving financial resilience. And while we saw some significant successes last year in improving our profitability and financial resilience, there are still steps to be taken to deliver sustainable and consistent constant dollar revenue growth.
We are serious about building a business for the next 130 years to bring beauty to women through a unique selling model which empowers our Representatives and the thousands of lives they touch every day by working with Avon. I believe the steps we have taken in 2016 and those in place for 2017 as we drive forward on our growth agenda in line with our three year Transformation Plan will drive sustainable profitable growth.
Thank you
        Sheri McCoy
Chief Executive Officer March 2017
 AVON ANNUAL REPORT 2016 5
