To Our Shareholders
2007 marked a turning point for Avon as we said Hello Tomorrow and set the foundation for a period of renewed growth and success for your company.
After two years of aggressively implementing our turnaround plan, revenue growth accelerated, operating fundamentals strengthened and we repositioned Avon for long-term sustainability. 2007 revenue increased 13%, 8% in local currencies, well ahead of our stated mid-single-digit long-term revenue target. For the full year, the company posted revenue of $9.9 billion ­ approaching the milestones of $10 billion in revenue and almost doubling in size since I was named CEO in 1999. Through a focused strategy and bold implementation, we have begun to aggressively recapture market share in beauty and direct selling. These gains have been driven by a significant investment in growth to strengthen our brand and channel, fueled by transforming our cost base and leveraging our global scale to operate more efficiently and effectively. We are also very proudly transforming the external face of Avon. In 2007, we launched our exciting new Hello Tomorrow advertising and marketing campaign around the world. From Shanghai to Moscow, from London to São Paolo, this bold and impactful campaign, with its colorful rainbow graphic, proclaims a new optimism and energy at the company. For all of us at Avon, Hello Tomorrow is really the expression of our journey to create an exciting new tomorrow for our company. Throughout Avon's history, our success has been grounded in five powerful equities that uniquely distinguish us from the competition. We are committed to fully unleashing each of these five powerful strengths, and I'm pleased that in 2007 we made significant progress.

Hello Tomorrow

Hello Tomorrow

Hello Tomorrow We are very proud of the extraordinary progress we have made across every dimension Hello Tomorrow of our business.

Annual Report 2007

Powerful Channel
The foundation on which Avon's success has always been built is our powerful direct-selling channel. Avon is by far the world's largest direct seller with 5.4 million Avon Representatives in over 100 countries. Avon Representatives are icons in their communities. They are friends and neighbors, providing a unique level of personal service and customer connection that is a rarity in today's world. The number of Active Representatives has always been a defining measure of our company's success. I'm very pleased that Active Representatives grew 9% in 2007, with healthy growth across both our developed and developing markets. This strong growth reflects our actions over the last two years to improve our Representatives' earnings and selling experiences with Avon. In 2007 alone, we increased our investment in our Representatives by over $120 million. This money funded a range of initiatives including the continuing rollout of our Sales Leadership opportunity, improved training, as well as changes to the commission structure and selling frequency in several markets. We also took a major step forward in the e-transformation of the Avon opportunity with new web-based and mobile-technology tools. In addition, we rebranded all recruiting and training materials worldwide, and introduced our first-ever global recruiting advertising, all reflecting the energy and optimism of our Hello Tomorrow campaign. In fact, for the first time in Avon's history, we have aligned both our direct-selling and brand communications under one integrated platform that presents a consistent face of Avon to every audience in every country where we do business.

sustainable growth. Our analysis also confirmed significant potential returns when we invest in the second powerful equity of our business, our global brand. Avon is one of the world's great beauty brands, and is consistently ranked as one of the top 100 global consumer brands of any type. With 90% brand awareness around the world, Avon is known and loved by women on every continent. Every single second of the day, a woman buys an Avon lipstick. We are the fragrance leader in developing and emerging markets, and a world leader in antiaging skincare, a category that Avon pioneered. To further unleash this powerful equity, in 2007 we increased our advertising investment to nearly $370 million. That's our largest advertising investment ever ­ and almost three times the $136 million we spent in 2005. We made the decision to reach this level of spending a year ahead of our initial plan based on the exceptional paybacks we were seeing. In fact, Beauty revenue increased 15% in 2007. Our Beauty growth rate has more than doubled over the past two years, and in 2007, we grew nearly one and a half times the rate of the market overall, driving important market share gains. With the rebranding and relaunch of our flagship Avon Color line, we significantly outperformed the market in the color cosmetics category, with 16% growth, and reversed two years of market share declines. In Fragrance, the blockbuster launches of Rouge and Noir by Paris designer Christian Lacroix contributed to 20% growth in this category, and confirmed the value of targeted alliances to drive a major shift in both our price point and our brand image. Personal Care was up 21% as a result of sharpened brochure merchandising. And in Skin Care, we successfully launched our newest anti-aging breakthrough, Anew Ultimate Night Cream and Elixir, at price points ranging as high as $80, as we continued to leverage major innovation to drive pricing and brand value. This category increased 6% for the year.

Powerful Brand
The increased investment in our Representatives has been supported by detailed analysis that confirms that this is the right first step towards

So in 2007, we advanced our strategic agenda across each of our four beauty categories. We also made the exciting announcement that award-winning actress Reese Witherspoon will serve as Avon's new Global Ambassador, representing our brand, our direct-selling channel and our corporate philanthropy programs. Reese will be featured in Avon advertising starting in 2008.

of investment also helped drive a recovery in developed markets, which reversed declines over the past two years to post growth in 2007.

Powerful People
As we have expanded our business around the world, our success is due in large part to the powerful people of Avon and their extraordinary entrepreneurial spirit. Over the past two years, we have created a new organizational structure that protects our entrepreneurial roots while also leveraging our global size and scale to capitalize on today's new global opportunities. We began in 2006 with a comprehensive delayering of the organization, to reduce management layers, increase speed of decisionmaking and get closer to our Representatives and customers. We continued in 2007 by fully globalizing our product-to-market process through the end-to-end integration of our global business units: Global Brand Marketing, Global Supply Chain, Global Direct Selling and Global Information Technology. These business units are now all aligned under Avon's newly appointed President, Liz Smith, who was named to this role last September. The establishment of our new global productto-market organization is enabling us to simplify our product line to take cost and complexity out of our systems. We are also gaining financial leverage through strategic global sourcing as we consolidate vendors and forge new supplier partnerships. By unleashing the power of our people, we are also unleashing the financial resources that will enable us to continue to invest for growth. By 2012, we expect the financial benefits from delayering and other restructuring initiatives, combined with product line simplification and strategic sourcing, to build to more than $830 million annually. These benefits will help us to continue to fuel revenue growth while also driving profitability.

Powerful Portfolio
Avon's broad-based beauty strength is just one dimension of our powerful global portfolio. In addition to our diverse product categories, we also gain significant leverage from our broad geographic reach. Avon's direct selling model and world-famous beauty brand appeal to women everywhere, and we enjoy leading market shares in some of the world's fastest growing economies. We maintain an important stronghold in the developing world where we provide economic opportunities that transform women's lives. In 2007, 13 of our developing markets grew revenue 20% or more. Brazil was a top performer for us once again, as we aggressively took share from our beauty and direct selling competitors. With revenue of over $1.3 billion and over one million Active Representatives, Brazil is Avon's second largest market after the United States. China experienced breakout growth in 2007 as we continued our successful rollout of direct selling. In just a year and a half, we have recruited hundreds of thousands of Active Representatives in China, the fastest field ramp-up in Avon's history. We remain the only direct-selling company to have been awarded a national license from the Chinese government. In 2007, we also saw outstanding progress in a number of other priority markets, including Russia, Turkey, Colombia and the Philippines, all of which are benefiting from significant investment in advertising and field initiatives. Record levels

Annual Report 2007

Powerful Purpose
As our business has continued to dynamically evolve, we have remained anchored by our fifth and perhaps most powerful equity ­ our sense of purpose. There is an old proverb which says: "You will be known forever by the tracks you leave." One of Avon's founding principles is to "give back to the communities we serve," and for almost 122 years this commitment has been our compass in an ever-changing world. As the company for women, Avon's purposedriven mission is to improve the lives of women globally and we are proud and privileged to play a leadership role in the arena of corporate philanthropy. The Avon Foundation ­ the world's largest corporate foundation for women ­ has raised and awarded almost $600 million for causes that are important to women. The lion's share of these funds has gone to support the world-famous Avon Breast Cancer Crusade which was launched in 1992. Three years ago, we added a second cause to our mission with the launch of our Speak Out Against Domestic Violence program. Just recently, Avon formed an important new public/private partnership with UNIFEM, which manages the United Nations Trust Fund to End Violence Against Women. As part of this, Avon made the largest corporate grant ever awarded to the Fund in a single year. Through all these efforts, we hope to make an important difference in the lives of women everywhere. As we reflect back on 2007, we are very proud of the extraordinary progress we have made across every dimension of our business. We are moving forward with commitment and speed to create a powerful future for Avon. Our turnaround plan is working and the foundation for success is being built. We are executing our strategies with boldness and determination. Our goal is sustainable, profitable growth over the long term, and we are confident that we will achieve it. In closing, I want to thank our Avon Associates and Representatives around the globe for their dedication and commitment to the company over the past two years as we have repositioned Avon for the future. I also want to recognize our outstanding Board of Directors for their invaluable guidance and counsel. And finally, I would like to acknowledge, you, the Avon shareholder, for supporting and believing in our management team as we have set the company on a new path of sustainable, profitable growth. In 2007, we said Hello Tomorrow. As we look ahead, we are beginning to see clearly just how exciting tomorrow can be.

Andrea Jung Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 31, 2008

