 To our
Shareholders
In 1886 Avon’s founder, David H. McConnell wrote: “If we stop and look over the past and then into the future, we can see that the possibilities are growing greater and greater every day; that we have scarcely begun to reach the proper results from the field we have before us.” These words ring as true today as they did 118 years ago.
 
Our Mission is to be
the Global Beauty Leader
  We write this letter to you at a very special moment in Avon’s history. The year 2003 marked the culmination of four years of stellar growth for your company — both the high point in our 118 year history, and at the same time early days in terms of the opportunities that lie ahead.
Earnings in 2003 increased by 25% to a record $2.78 per share. Sales in dollars and local currency rose 10%, and cash flow from operations grew to $745 million, significantly ahead of our $650 million target. Very exciting, Avon’s stock price rose 25% and reached an all-time high. And from 2000 through 2003, Avon shareholders have enjoyed a cumulative total return of 118%, versus a 23% decline in the S&P 500. Reflecting our pride in these achievements as well as our optimism in the future, your Board of Directors in February 2004 approved a 33% increase in the dividend and recommended a two-for-one stock split, sub- ject to shareholder approval of an increase in authorized shares of common stock.
On this strong foundation, we are now writing the next chapter in the very exciting story of Avon’s transforma- tion, building strength on strength. Our bold vision for the future capitalizes on Avon’s unique competitive advan- tage in relationship marketing and on the personal relationships we share with women in every corner of the globe. Looking to the future, your company’s continuing transformation will be guided by four important equities, which combined, form a powerful engine for growth.
Our first equity is the power of the Avon brand — always an icon — and now modernized through investments in product innovation, enhanced imagery, advertising and compelling merchandising. In 2003, we were extreme- ly proud that for the third consecutive year, Avon was included in Business Week magazine’s list of the world’s most valuable global brands — the highest ranked beauty company on this prestigious list. Avon’s beauty sales last year grew 15%, outpacing the industry as we continued to build beauty market shares.

   the Women’s Choice for Buying the Premier Direct Seller the Best Place to Work
The record $75 million launch of Anew Clinical is an example of our brand strategy in action, solidifying our lead in anti-aging skin care. We have also finalized plans for a comprehensive renovation of color and fragrance begin- ning in late 2004, including a very exciting alliance with renowned actress Salma Hayek, who will serve as spokesperson for both these categories. And very important, we have affirmed our continuing commitment to leadership in beauty innovation with the groundbreaking of our $100 million state-of-the art research and devel- opment facility in Suffern, New York — appropriately, the home of our founder. Avon’s brand was further enhanced in 2003 by the growth of our health and wellness business and by the launch of Mark, our new brand for young women. Both are significant opportunities for Avon to reach new customers and Representatives.
Our second equity is the unmatched power of our channel and the earnings opportunity we provide to women, which helped increase the total number of active Avon Representatives 12% to 4.4 million in 2003. Our earnings opportunity is a considerable competitive advantage as we rapidly expand Avon’s presence in both new and emerging markets around the world. China and its vast consumer population remains our largest long-term oppor- tunity. Near-term, Central and Eastern Europe is on track to reach $1 billion in sales by the end of 2004, with Russia, in particular, growing at extraordinary rates.
In the United States, Sales Leadership — Avon’s multi-level marketing initiative — is further enhancing Avon’s earn- ings opportunity by enabling women to earn through selling and recruiting and training others. Because of Sales Leadership, the U.S. over the past three years has added a record number of new Representatives to its sales force following a decade of flat-to-low growth. Based on this success, Sales Leadership is rolling out in 2004 in Avon’s leading markets around the world to power continuing growth in our direct selling channel.

  the Largest Women’s Foundation the Most Admired Company
Our third equity is the power of our global operating model, which we are leveraging more aggressively as we move beyond our entrepreneurial roots to become a more efficient global company. In 2003, we made substan- tial progress with regional integration, harmonizing our products and marketing, consolidating manufacturing and introducing integrated supply chain planning. We also developed a long-term blueprint for a true global supply chain, including a unified worldwide technology platform. This continuing evolution of Avon’s operating model has helped increase Avon’s operating margin to its current level of 15.2%, and will be a key factor in achieving our operating margin goal of 20% within the next three-to-five years.
Our fourth equity is the power of our philanthropy, which continues to express our passionate commitment to cor- porate social responsibility and service in the communities where we do business. While most companies engage in philanthropy, Avon has broken all records in terms of corporate support in the fight against breast cancer — rais- ing an unprecedented $300 million by the end of 2003. But we’re not stopping here. As we look ahead to the 50th anniversary of the Avon Foundation next year, our dream is to create the world’s largest-ever foundation for women. This means broadening our support for causes that improve women’s lives and leaving a lasting social legacy.
In closing, there is one final equity — perhaps our most important equity — and that’s the power of Avon’s peo- ple: our 46,000 associates and our 4.4 million Representatives around the world. This truly amazing team of com- mitted individuals is without doubt the most important key to Avon’s success. We also want to recognize Avon’s valued Board of Directors for another year of committed service and outstanding leadership and guidance. And we want to acknowledge you, our Avon shareholders, for your unwavering faith in the potential of our great com- pany. As we look forward to celebrating Avon’s 120th anniversary in 2006, Avon’s star is shining more brightly than ever. Our journey of transformation continues. We have bold, exciting dreams for the future, and we’re on a mission to improve women’s lives. For Avon, truly, the best is yet to come.
Andrea Jung Susan J. Kropf
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer President and Chief Operating Officer
   March 1, 2004
