        In 1886 a visionary entrepreneur named David H. McConnell had the extraordinary idea to found a business based on the premise of giving women an opportunity to earn money outside of the home and build financial independence. This was 34 years before women in the U.S. had even won the right to vote. But there is no stopping a great idea. From one Representative to now over six million...from one product to thousands...from one country to now over 100 across the globe, for 124 years the company has grown and prospered.
Dear Shareholders,
As I write this letter on the eve of Avon’s 125th anniversary next year, I find myself reflecting on our company’s extraordinary journey. Through two world wars, through the great Depression, through dramatic periods of economic change and upheaval, Avon has survived and thrived by serving the needs of each new generation of women and staying true to our founding principle to be the company that makes a difference in women’s lives.
2009 was an important milestone along our journey. With the world in the grip of one of the greatest economic crises in history, people everywhere were wondering how they would make it through the storm. But where others saw only challenge, Avon saw an opportunity to grow our Representative and consumer base by once again providing solutions for women and being the answer when they needed us the most.
So as the world mobilized in response to the crisis, Avon mobilized as well. We aligned our entire organization around a comprehensive recession playbook to help us aggressively capture market share and emerge from one of the most challenging years in memory even better positioned for sustainable profitable growth. Our recession playbook had four components:
• Attract new Representatives with the most massive recruiting campaign in Avon’s history;
• Attract new consumers with the smart value of Avon’s products;
• Take aggressive cost actions to counter significant negative currency
headwinds; and
• Stay the course on the four-point sustainable profitable growth plan launched in 2005 which remains our long-term roadmap for the future.
   2009 Annual Report
                      0394_Narr 1

          This is the company that puts mascara on lashes and food on tables,
                          0394_Narr 2

        Launching the Most Massive Recruiting Campaign in Avon’s History
Active Representative growth is a leading indicator of future revenue growth, so the cornerstone of our recession playbook was the launch of the most massive recruiting campaign in Avon’s history. As jobs were being lost by the millions across the globe, our goal was to proudly present the power of Avon’s Earning Opportunity — the largest economic engine for women on earth. Avon Representatives collectively earn an estimated $6 billion each year. Women use their Avon earnings to support their family, pay the mortgage, put their children through school, fund their retirement or simply to afford the extra luxuries that can make life more rewarding.
To tell our story, we doubled our investment in recruiting advertising, more than doubled the number of countries where we ran these recruiting ads and tapped real Representatives from around the world to be featured in the campaign. We participated in opportunity fairs and took our campaign online with targeted digital advertising to ensure that anyone searching for an earnings opportunity would hear about Avon. In addition, we mounted the largest public relations campaign in our history, working with journalists around the world to profile successful Avon Representatives in magazines and newspapers, on television, on the radio and online.
All these efforts paid off in attracting a record number of new Representatives to Avon. This in turn resulted in 9% active Representative growth for the full year — the highest growth rate in five years — with gains climbing to the double digits in the second through fourth quarters as our recruiting efforts took hold. Importantly, active Representatives grew in each of our six commercial business units.
Attracting New Customers With Smart Value Products
In addition to attracting new Representatives, we also reached out to our hundreds of millions of consumers across the globe with clear messages in our brochure about our “smart value” products. Avon has served women for almost 125 years with an unyielding commitment to world-class products at prices that reflect our belief that beauty should be affordable and accessible to everyone.
We have always offered beauty products in a range of price tiers to meet a variety of consumer needs. However, when the economic crisis set in, we moved rapidly to reset our store, ensuring we flowed an appropriate number of units in the under $5 value tier, while continuing to protect our mass and masstige offerings. We introduced Beauty on a Budget flyers and sections within our brochure, supported by special offers highlighting Avon’s unique value. We also featured creative executions promoting the ease and convenience of our shopping experience.
  2009 Annual Report
                      0394_Narr 3

          that fights wrinkles with one hand and Breast Cancer with the other.
                          0394_Narr 4

        This smart value strategy yielded strong results. Following a decline in Beauty units in fourth quarter 2008, we restored growth in the first half of the year and accelerated momentum in the second half, delivering full-year Beauty unit growth of 4%. These unit gains were balanced by a strong full-year net per unit gain of 3% as we were able to maintain our pricing advantage while also attracting new consumers to our store.
Taking Aggressive Cost Actions
The third leg of our recession playbook was our commitment to take aggressive cost actions to counter the significant currency headwinds we were facing. Avon’s geographic portfolio spans the globe with approximately 80% of our revenue coming from outside the United States. The breadth of our geographic portfolio is a source of unique strategic advantage. However, when the economic crisis hit, the dollar strengthened rapidly versus foreign currencies. This meant that even though we were delivering exceptionally strong performances in local currencies around the world and gaining market share against the competition, we were generating lower sales after translation into dollars. Exchange rates were also negatively impacting our supply chain costs. All told, we faced a potential negative currency impact of almost $1 billion dollars to revenue and nearly $400 million to operating profit as the year began.
We quickly moved to confront this situation. We held the line on strategic pricing for our most innovative products. We strengthened manufacturing productivity. We pursued favorable raw material and production sourcing and delivered ahead of plan against our global Strategic Sourcing Initiative targets. We also froze salaries across the organization for one year and doubled-down on our commitment to reduce administrative and overhead expenses. This helped us deliver zero overhead growth.
In addition, we launched a new restructuring program in February 2009. Combined with our original 2005 restructuring program, as well as Product Line Simplification and our Strategic Sourcing Initiative, we expect total annual savings and benefits from all our cost transformation programs to be in excess of $1 billion by 2013. These savings and benefits will enable us to continue to fund growth and increase our profitability.
Staying the Course on our Sustainable Growth Plan
So as 2009 began, we moved quickly on all fronts to outrun the economic crisis. Underpinning our confidence that we were well-positioned for success was the significant progress we have made with the implementation of our four-point sustainable growth plan. First launched in 2005, this plan has remained our ongoing strategic roadmap. As a result, Avon is fundamentally a much stronger business today.
  2009 Annual Report
                      0394_Narr 5

       That knows the value of a perfect lip, but still opens its mouth and speaks out against Domestic Violence and for women’s financial independence.
                          0394_Narr 6

        • We have a stronger brand.
Avon’s iconic brand has 90% awareness across the globe and we sell four lipsticks every single second of the day. To maintain our advantage, we have elevated our focus on innovation and sustained our advertising investment at almost triple the rate of 2005, even in the face of macroeconomic challenges. With Reese Witherspoon continuing in her role as Avon’s Global Brand Ambassador, we have repackaged and relaunched our flagship Avon Color brand. We have attracted new celebrity partners to our fragrance franchise, including Courteney Cox, Fergie, and Zoë Saldana. We have continued to innovate in our Anew skincare brand, which remains the number one anti- aging skincare brand in the world. And in personal care, we have expanded our Advance Techniques hair care brand with the introduction of a new hair color line which launched initially in Latin America in 2009.
• We have a stronger channel.
Since 2005 we have incrementally invested more than $250 million to improve Representative earnings and make it easier to do business with Avon. Avon Sales Leadership — through which Representatives earn by both selling and recruiting — has been rolled out to approximately 50 countries worldwide. We have also launched our global Internet platform to help Representatives manage their business online. In 2010 we will continue to add new functionality with the introduction of our eSales Suite, including our new eBrochure and eMobile ordering capability, so that ordering Avon is only a click away anywhere, anytime. In addition, we will begin the global rollout of Avon Leadership Manager, a new tool that allows Avon Sales Leaders to track the performance of their business units in real time.
• We have stronger cost management.
With our restructuring and cost transformation programs delivering well ahead of initial expectations, and a constant turnaround mentality now fully embedded in our organization, we have laid the groundwork for operating margin improvement in 2010, with the goal of improving operating margin to the mid- teens level by 2013. We have no plans to conduct any additional restructuring programs beyond the ongoing 2005 and 2009 programs. As we continue to transform the business, we will do so as part of ordinary operations.
• We have a stronger organization.
The company has made significant progress in its evolution from a confederation of local businesses to a fully integrated matrix of global and commercial business units. We effectively leverage our global strength in marketing, sales and supply chain, while also remaining flexible and responsive to our local consumers and Representatives. Four years ago we also began measuring employee engagement and holding our managers accountable for their scores. Since then, engagement has increased an exceptional 11 points, including a four point increase in 2009, bringing Avon’s employee engagement to 71%, which we believe is considered world-class.
  2009 Annual Report
                      0394_Narr 7

                      This is the company that not only brings beauty
to doors, but also opens them.The company that supports 6 million Representatives in over 100 countries.
            0394_Narr 8

        Becoming a Stronger Company
With progress across so many dimensions, there is no doubt that in a very highly challenging year — a year when many other companies retrenched and many businesses failed — Avon captured significant market share.
On a reported basis, our revenue results reflected the negative impact of foreign currency exchange, with overall revenue declining 3%. However, when you exclude the impact of currency exchange, revenue in local currency increased 6%. This represented one of the strongest performances in our sector. Following a low mid- single digit increase in the first quarter, local currency revenue growth accelerated sequentially throughout the year, culminating in an exceptional fourth quarter increase in the high single digits as we ended the year with exciting momentum. For the full year, we saw strong local currency performances across 70% of our geographic portfolio and we outran the GDP in eight of our top ten markets.
Overall revenue growth was fueled by a strong performance in Beauty. Although on a reported basis Beauty revenue declined 3% as a result of the negative impact of currency exchange, in local currency full-year Beauty revenue grew 7% with accelerating momentum throughout the year. Very proudly we outperformed some of our leading beauty competitors and gained significant beauty market share.
Unfavorable foreign exchange, combined with the costs to implement our restructuring plans, negatively impacted our full-year operating margin of 9.8% and earnings per share of $1.45. We ended the year with an eight-day reduction in inventory (excluding the impact of currency exchange). We reduced our net debt (total debt less cash) by almost $250 million and ended the year with approximately $1.3 billion in cash. In February of this year, Avon’s Board of Directors declared a 5% increase in our dividend, the 20th consecutive year of dividend increases for our shareholders.
A Stronger Purpose
So we enter 2010 well-positioned for sustainable long-term growth. As more and more Representatives discover the power of the Avon Earning Opportunity, our goal is to retain them and increase their productivity by continuing to innovate our business model. We will leverage technology and the viral power of the Internet to build communities that connect Avon to our Representatives and our Representatives to their Customers. With more and more consumers discovering the smart value of Avon’s store, we will broaden our shopping opportunity with new product categories that reinforce our beauty image and strengthen our Customer relationships.
An explanation of local currency which we also refer to as constant dollars is provided on page 23 of this report.
  2009 Annual Report
                      0394_Narr 9

      This is Avon.
The company, that for 125 years, has stood for beauty,
innovation, optimism and above all
for Women.
                            0394_Narr 10

        As we implement these strategies, we will continue to be guided by our unique and compelling mission to serve women. This commitment goes well beyond the fundamentals of our business model and is reflected in our leadership in social responsibility. The Avon Foundation for Women is the world’s largest corporate philanthropy for women, having raised and awarded $725 million for the causes women have told us they care about most. We are leaders in the fights against breast cancer and domestic violence. We rank high on the list of the most environmentally responsible companies. And when disaster strikes, whether floods, earthquakes or even the terrorist attack of 9/11, Avon is there to support women and families. Most recently we were proud to donate more than $1 million to support the people of Haiti.
In closing, I want to acknowledge all those who have supported us on our extraordinary journey, never more so than during the challenges of 2009. I want to thank our six million Avon Representatives and more than 40,000 Avon Associates for their dedication and commitment to our company. I want to recognize Avon’s outstanding Board of Directors for their invaluable guidance and counsel. In particular, I would like to honor and thank Edward T. Fogarty, who is retiring this year after 15 years of outstanding board service. And, very importantly, I want to thank you, the Avon shareholder, for having confidence in our management team and supporting us as we have taken the bold but necessary steps to set Avon on the road to long-term sustainable profitable growth.
On the eve of the incredible milestone of Avon’s 125th anniversary, I promise that we will rededicate ourselves to this destination. We will reaffirm our belief in the exceptional opportunities ahead. And most importantly, we will recommit to the unique purpose on which Avon was founded, and which continues to distinguish us as a beacon of hope and opportunity for women around the world.
This is the company that puts mascara on lashes and food on tables, that fights wrinkles with one hand and Breast Cancer with the other. That knows the value of a perfect lip, but still opens its mouth and speaks out against Domestic Violence and for women’s financial independence. This is the company that not only brings beauty to doors, but also opens them. The company that supports 6 million Representatives in over one hundred countries. This is Avon. The company, that for 125 years, has stood for beauty, innovation, optimism and above all for women.
Andrea Jung
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 2010
   2009 Annual Report
                     0394_Narr 11
