   Powered by the dual engines of organic growth and acquisitions, Avnet is a Global Industry Leader.
 TO OUR
What a year! Fiscal 2000 has truly been a watershed year for
Avnet. Record sales. Record earnings. Strategic, unprecedented
acquisitions around the world. Exciting Internet alliances expand our reach into the greater global technology marketspace. Avnet is in a global leadership position.
Driven by the cyclical upswing in the semiconductor industry, post-Y2K recovery in the computer market and strong acquisition growth, Avnet achieved $9.2 billion in sales this fiscal year, a 44 percent increase over last year. The Company saw its first billion-dollar sales month in March. Considering results before special charges, Avnet also posted record net earnings 59 percent greater than FY’99. Record earnings per share in the fourth quarter heralded a return to annual growth – Avnet finished the year at $2.11, up from $1.54 in FY’99. Also in the final quarter, the Company’s operating margin reached 5.2 percent; and for the full year FY’00 performance was 4.2 percent, up 36 basis points over FY’99. Net operating profit after tax return on working capital was up 184 basis points. Return on capital employed increased 87 basis points, and return on equity was up more than 200 basis points. All reflect excellent progress for the year.
Returning to double-digit organic growth in FY’00. Avnet is, at its heart, a very successful electronics distribution, marketing and services company. We are also a dynamic industry consolidator, integrating seven acquisitions contributing more than $1.7 billion in sales to the FY’00 results. Avnet is, in effect, a company powered by dual engines as we charge into the new millennium.
Driving our organic growth are some external and internal factors.
The electronic components industry has emerged from the worst downturn in the history of the semiconductor market. Dataquest predicts a bright future through 2003 on the strength of demand for PCs, cellular telephones, communications and data processing applications. For a company like ours, which derives more than 60 percent of its revenue from semiconductors, this is great news. In fact, Avnet Electronics Marketing posted a record year; global sales for FY’00 were approximately $6.6 billion, an increase of 38 percent over FY’99. Strong booking and billing trends, continued product allocations and rising average selling prices are indicative of another robust year.
SHAREHOLDERS
Phoenix, Arizona, Headquarters
Avnet is the number one value- added distributor of electronic components in North America – and the number one global value added distributor of IBM mid-range computing products in the world.
3
   
  Avnet is a dynamic industry consolidator, integrating seven acquisitions contributing more than $1.7 billion in sales this year.
Embedded systems technicians working at the new Avnet Applied Computing Lab, Network Operating Center, Tempe, Arizona.
Electronics Marketing’s supply-chain management arm, Integrated Material Services (IMS), continues its explosive global growth. In the United States alone, IMS has achieved growth of more than 40 percent per year compounded annually. IMS ended FY’00 at approximately $2.6 billion in sales, positioning Avnet as a premier material manager in the electronics industry supply chain.
The Asian electronics market is booming, and Avnet’s business in the AsiaPac region is growing even faster. Asia, including Japan, is now the world’s largest and fastest growing economic region. China is the world’s second-largest national economy. We are excited about our relationship with ChinaECNet, a Chinese government-sponsored Internet venture that selected Avnet as its exclusive source of non-Chinese products, logistics and technical services to indigenous Chinese original equipment manufac- turers (OEMs).
Avnet’s EMEA region (Europe, the Middle East and Africa) is progressing. This follows an intense period of focus on upgrading to SAP 4.0, a multi-lingual, multi-currency client/server system that allows us to operate across the continent and in Asia using a single, IT platform.
Y2K is behind us. While the millennial turnover did not materially affect Avnet’s opera- tions, anticipation of the event and a resultant slump in sales negatively impacted Avnet Computer Marketing (CM) for most of the fiscal year. We are now, however, seeing a return to robust growth rates in sales and profits for CM, and FY’01 is being ushered in by a strong second half of FY’00.
Realignment of this operating group has delivered a greater focus on key suppliers at Hall-Mark Global Solutions (rebranded Avnet Hall-Mark), and on the end-user solutions integration business, Avnet Computer (rebranded Avnet Enterprise Solutions).
We launched our newest operating group, Avnet Applied Computing (AAC), to serve the embedded systems market. Since realigning our business to focus on this high growth opportunity, AAC has grown operating profits sequentially each quarter. More importantly, we have laid the foundation for what should be a very exciting and productive billion dollar-plus global operating group for Avnet.
There are many highlights to share from each of our three operating groups, and I invite you to read more about them in the succeeding pages of our Annual Report. Suffice it to say, I’m very proud of our employees’ contributions to Avnet during this unprecedented, dynamic and demanding fiscal year, and I welcome our new employees as we embark on yet another exciting 12 months.
Now, on to the second of the dual engines, acquisitions.
Driven by the globalization of our customers and suppliers and our chosen role as industry consolidator, Avnet’s acquisition strategy is moving full steam ahead. This year, we’ve integrated companies in Europe, Asia and the Americas: Integrand Solutions (Australia); SEI Macro Group (UK); Marshall Industries (US); Matica S.p.A. and PCD Italia S.r.l. (Italy); Eurotronics, which did business as SEI (Netherlands); SEI Nordstar (Italy); and Cosco Electronics/Jung Kwang (Korea). Through these acquisitions, we have expanded our customer and supplier base, strengthened relationships, increased our global reach and added the invaluable intellectual capital of thousands of talented, knowledgeable employees. We have become the number one value-added distributor of electronic components in North America and, with our acquisition of Savoir Technology Group, Inc. (US) just after the fiscal year ended, the number one value-added distributor of IBM mid-range computing products in the world. The pending acquisition of EBV Elektronik, WBC, Atlas Services (Europe) and Raab Karcher Electronic Systems (RKE), announced on August 7, 2000, will further strengthen the position of all three of Avnet’s operating groups throughout Europe with historical revenue of approximated $1.8 billion.
Additionally, while acquisitions can be difficult to complete and challenging to integrate, Avnet has built a core competency in this arena. All our current acquisitions are planned to be accretive to earnings immediately, or within their first year of integration, and deliver return on capital employed that meets or exceeds our targets. Marshall Industries was fully integrated with Avnet’s systems one full quarter ahead of schedule and brought the Company over $85 million in annualized cost synergies by the end of fiscal 2000. That acquisition, along with the others, helped produce the lowest selling, general and administrative expenses (SG&A) as a percent of sales in our history, ending FY’00 at 9.2 percent for the fourth quarter.
 AVNET, INC. FY 2000 WORLDWIDE SALES
  EM CM AAC
$ billions 6.64 1.86 0.67
% of Avnet 72.4% 20.3% 7.3%
   By the latter half of the decade, successful enterprises will have integrated the Internet into their processes such that e-business will be totally embedded in all activities. Avnet expects to lead the way as the industry shifts to the click-and-mortar model.
5
      
 GLOBAL OBJECTIVES
Financial
• Exceed expectations in
creating and sustaining
shareholder value Customers and Suppliers
• Grow profitably by executing
existing strategies and continuously creating new service value propositions that differentiate Avnet in the global technology marketspace.
Employees
• Attract, retain and continuously
develop a highly skilled,
disciplined, global workforce. Operational Excellence
• Continuously develop and
implement world-class business processes that maximize service, productivity and efficiency.
Just as acquisitions allow us to expand globally, our strategic alliances – along with the development of Avnet’s own Web sites, Intranet and extranets – allow us to expand our position in the greater technology marketspace. The Company continues to be recognized as an information technology leader. The Gartner Group predicts that, by the latter half of the decade, successful enterprises will have integrated the Internet into their processes such that e-business will be totally embedded in all activities. Avnet expects to lead the way as the economy shifts from the traditional brick-and-mortar environment to the click-and-mortar model of the 21st century.
To that end, FY’00 saw the addition of four new e-business alliances, with more on the horizon. By taking equity positions in dot-com companies which offer new business models complementary to our own, Avnet participates in, and can even help direct the development of, important hubs, portals and links on the Web. Avnet is delivering new value through the Internet. We’re making it easier than ever for our customers and suppliers to do business with us.
As we continuously improve our current business models and seek out new ones to further expand our business, the breadth and depth of knowledge of our 12-member board of directors is instrumental. For FY’01, we welcome two new members: Ray M. Robinson, president of AT&T’s southern region; and Gary L. Tooker, who served as Motorola’s CEO, chairman and vice chairman of the board before retiring at the end of 1999. Collectively, Robinson and Tooker bring Avnet more than 70 years of experience, through distinguished careers with highly respected global corporations. We will be saying goodbye to Frederick Wood and Joseph F. Caligiuri, who are retiring. Their insight has been invaluable.
The insight of our board, the expertise of our employees and the industry knowledge of our leaders will guide us as we tackle new challenges and opportunities in the upcoming fiscal year. Around the world, talented, technically skilled employees are at a premium. Our human resources departments are focused on attracting and retaining the best people, and on creating employee development programs that keep them motivated and their skills contemporary.
operations generate adequate returns on capital as well as sales, we are, in effect, planning for Avnet’s future – a future that will bring more innovation to our Company, help us counteract the cyclicality inherent in the electronic components industry, and subsequently, increase our value to our shareholders.
With the positive business environment, the excellent performance of our operating groups and our aggressive acquisition strategy, Avnet is on a $12 billion-plus sales run rate for FY’01, with the opportunity to achieve more through organic growth and acquisition. Our twin engines are primed – good, old-fashioned internal growth driven by the strategic planning and solid execution that is our culture, and continued acquisitions/alliances around the world. This combination makes for very exciting prospects in the new millennium.
In FY’01, it continues to be Avnet’s vision to deliver the highest value relationships to our customers, suppliers, employees and shareholders globally. I personally invite you to join in and come along for the ride.
Roy Vallee
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 In FY’01, we will focus on Avnet’s return on capital employed. By insisting that all our
  AVNET, INC. FY 2000 SALES BY PRODUCT
% of Avnet Semiconductors 64% Computer Products 20% Interconnect 7% Passives 3% Embedded Systems 3% Electromechanical 2% Other 1%
         6
Roy Vallee
 By insisting all our operations generate adequate returns on capital as well as sales, Avnet is planning for its future – one that will bring more innovation, coun- teract the cyclicality inherent in the electronic components industry and increase shareholder value.
7
     