Dear Fellow Avnet Shareholder:
In an unprecedented industry environment, Avnet’s team was put to the test during fiscal year
2002.The previous year’s dramatic industry downturn continued to challenge all aspects of the
technology supply chain. For the first time in more than four decades, Avnet posted an operating
loss for the fiscal year. But our team’s actions, reactive and proactive, were equally unprecedented.
Operations were fine-tuned. Our cost structure and debt were reduced substantially. Our value
propositions were enhanced.The result: a lean and focused organization better positioned than
ever for growth and for leveraging profits and creating shareholder returns from that growth.
UNPRECEDENTED ENVIRONMENT
In our previous annual report, I described fiscal year 2001 as “a tale of two markets.” It was the
best of times during the first half, and the worst of times during the second half as the slowing
worldwide economy, falling demand for electronic equipment and a supply chain bloated with
excess inventory and over-capacity converged. A significant drop in revenues heralded what
would be, for Avnet and the technology industry overall, an extremely difficult period. However,
as FY’02 progressed, the story became one of stabilization in the technology market, albeit at
much lower revenue levels. At Avnet, our operating results improved continuously throughout
the fiscal year, and we returned to profitability in the fourth quarter before special charges.
Avnet closed the year with $8.92 billion in revenues, approximately 30 percent lower than the
$12.81 billion record set in FY’01. Per share results from continuing operations fell to a loss of
$0.16 in the September quarter of 2001 before aggressive expense reductions, which started
during FY’01 and continued throughout FY’02, began to catch up with the steep revenue decline.
Subsequently, losses decreased to $0.02 per share and $0.01 per share in the December 2001
and March 2002 quarters, respectively, and Avnet ended FY’02 back in the black at $0.01 per
share before special charges.
UNPRECEDENTED ACTIONS
Although we are far from satisfied with the Company’s FY’02 financial results, rest assured
that Avnet is committed to generating acceptable levels of profitability regardless of market
conditions and revenue levels. Clearly, by the December 2001 quarter, our leadership team’s
focus on strengthening our financial position and restructuring our operations began to
curtail the losses wrought by unprecedented falling revenues. Throughout the year, the
Company attained cost savings from global economies of scale that were created during the
previous decade’s aggressive acquisition period.
STRENGTHENING AVNET’S FINANCIAL POSITION
Since December 2000, Avnet’s
management team has concentrated on removing cost and working capital from our business and
generating cash. In doing so, it has created unprecedented operating leverage for our Company.
Today, our balance sheet is positioned to support growth, and our profit and loss statement,
trimmed of expenses, gives us the ability to leverage top-line growth to higher earnings levels. The June 2002 quarter represented the fifth
consecutive quarter of operating expense reductions
(excluding special charges) and the sixth consecutive
quarter of debt reductions. Over this span, annualized
operating expenses were reduced approximately
$300 million. Slashed by approximately $1.5 billion,
debt was almost halved. At the end of FY’02, our
asset velocity ratios were in line with historic levels, so
we do not anticipate significant additional asset
productivity gains until revenue growth resumes.We
will
continue to balance practical cost reduction measures
with investments as we position the Company to
expand its role in the next technology up-cycle.
RESTRUCTURING OPERATIONS
To accelerate
top and bottom line growth, Electronics Marketing,
Computer Marketing and Applied Computing
completed reorganizations that commenced at the
beginning of FY’02.Within those operating groups
are now more than 30 strategic divisions focused by
commodity, line card and/or geography. Across the
enterprise, there is a strong commitment to services,
for it is our Company’s services that differentiate
Avnet’s product distribution business from our
competitors. When provided on a stand-alone, fee
basis, our services also create new revenue streams in markets that have traditionally sourced products directly.
We also believe in organizing our Company so that
each operating group and division can focus on its core
activities.To this end, we have created Shared Business
Services to manage our back-office functions.With
customer service as its priority, Shared Business Services
provides quality, timely and cost-effective services and
solutions that leverage Avnet’s economies of scale. David
Birk, one of Avnet’s most experienced executives, leads
this important effort.
LEVERAGING SCOPE & SCALE
By leveraging the
Company’s scope and economies of scale, Avnet has
continued to gain market share during this difficult year.
Enterprise gross profit margins before special charges
increased in the March 2002 and June 2002 quarters,
despite weak markets and the continued erosion of average
selling prices in many of our product lines. Avnet closed
FY’02 number one in revenues in its peer group, with a
substantial lead over all competitors but one.
Our information technology (IT) investments have created
deep and wide-ranging IT capabilities.This year, Bob Mason
joined the Company as chief information officer, chartered
with leveraging our investments and globalizing our
capabilities. At Avnet, we believe that having best-in-class IT capability is an important competitive advantage for our Company, just as research and
development are for a products-based company, fostering growth while maximizing profitability.
By integrating acquisitions such as Kent Electronics Corporation, which closed just before FY’02
began, Avnet gained specialist product divisions and removed redundant infrastructure, resulting
in permanent cost reductions that allowed us to leverage savings in the face of falling revenues.
UNPRECEDENTED OPPORTUNITY
Through the 1980s, Avnet focused heavily on organic growth, adding new customers and
suppliers, growing revenues and capturing market share. During the ‘90s, the Company focused
more on mergers and acquisitions, growing earnings and leveraging the economies of scale we
had built.Today, we possess a new code.With a fervent commitment to value-based management,
we have aligned our culture, goals, structure and compensation to accomplish a single overarching
goal: consistently increase shareholder value.
Avnet’s primary financial objective is, quite simply, to create shareholder value. Improving return
on capital employed (ROCE), accelerating earnings growth and improving earnings growth stability
will lead us to this overarching goal.
Our commitment to shareholder value creation does not stop with the executive team.
At Avnet, we are forging a culture driven by value. Each operating group president is measured
on ROCE and earnings growth. Every executive leading a specialized business unit is measured
and paid on return on working capital and earnings growth.The compensation of all employees
with variable pay plans is aligned with the fundamental goal of delivering shareholder value.
Further, our focused, specialized division structure, the expansion of fee-based services in
existing and new, potentially more profitable markets, and continued firm expense control
should accelerate the Company’s earnings growth. By offering valued services that span the
technology supply chain, Avnet is creating a balanced revenue portfolio aimed squarely at
continual improvement in earnings growth stability. At the front end of the technology supply
chain, Computer Marketing markets high-end enterprise computing products and services to
global companies. At the back end, Electronics Marketing sells electronic components and
services to electronics manufacturing customers. And in the middle, Applied Computing serves
the needs of original equipment manufacturers with today’s most advanced embedded computing
products and services.
UNPRECEDENTED FUTURE
Despite continued industry and global economic volatility, one thing is certain: technology is
tightly woven into the fabric of the global economy and will remain a critical driver well into
the future.The technology market has traditionally grown faster than the gross domestic
product, and Avnet intends to outperform the tech market, as it has done historically.
Avnet’s ability to continually and aggressively adjust to the dynamic technology market is
testament to the knowledge, hard work and dedication of the Avnet team, and to the
effectiveness of our Company’s organizational development and succession planning activities.
A prime example: the management changes that followed Brian Hilton’s June retirement. Leading
Electronics Marketing, Mr. Hilton played a key role in the operating group’s successful expansion
into Asia. With 36 years in the industry his legacy is undeniable, yet his retirement opened the
door to a new generation of leaders at Avnet.
Andy Bryant, formerly president of Computer
Marketing, was promoted to president of Electronics
Marketing. Mr. Bryant brings 23 years of distribution
industry experience, 20 with Avnet, to his new role.
Rick Hamada, another industry veteran who has been
with the Company since 1983, now helms Computer
Marketing. Mr. Hamada ran Computer Marketing’s
Avnet Hall-Mark division prior to his promotion.
While we cannot control the environment in which
we compete, we can control how well we compete
within it.There are two fundamental reasons why
a company chooses to partner with Avnet: we save
them money, thereby increasing their profits;
and/or we help them grow faster, again, increasing
their profits. At Avnet, we deliver value to our
customers by delivering distinctive services and
technology products that enhance their business
growth and profitability.We deliver value
to our suppliers by building efficient channels to
target markets and offering innovative services that
accelerate their growth. Going forward, Avnet has the
opportunity to play an ever more important role in
the technology supply chain, and to leverage that role
to continually increase shareholder value. A
vnet prides itself not only on delivering value, but on
a strong set of values that drive our decisions.We are
committed to a healthy corporate culture and leadership
in corporate governance. Our core values are symbolically
engraved on stone plaques that are prominently displayed
in every Avnet location, along with posters signed by more
than 500 global managers.The Avnet Code of Conduct
clearly delineates the professional behavior expected
of employees.
It is upon these high standards that our corporate
governance rests. As chairman, I am the sole member
of the board of directors employed by Avnet, and have
been since 1998. Our corporate governance, audit and
compensation committees are staffed by experienced and
competent outside directors. Only minor adjustments will
be necessary for Avnet to reach full compliance with all of
the new rules for corporate governance proposed in 2002.
I must thank our 11,000-plus employees for their hard
work and focus during these very challenging market
conditions. On behalf of myself and the global Avnet team,
thank you for your continued confidence in our Company.
The best is yet to come.
Roy Vallee
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer