 letter to shareholders
At no time in my 30-year career in the high tech industry have I experienced a year more novel, or more like a novel, than fiscal 2001. It was a tale of two markets – literally, the best of times during the first half, and the worst of times during the second half, as we experienced an unprecedented confluence of events precipitating the most severe downturn in the history of the technology industry.
Avnet ended the first half of FY’01 with revenues totaling $6.82 billion, equaling, in just six months, the Company’s total FY’99 revenues. Record diluted earnings per share (EPS) of $0.69 in the second quarter were more than double what they were the year before. Other key financial metrics were up as well, including operating margin, return on capital employed and sales per employee.
Avnet finished the year with sales of $12.81 billion, up 29 percent versus a record FY’00, continuing a strong growth trend that has averaged 18.6 percent compounded annually over the past five years. As a result, FY’01 revenues were more than double the $6.33 billion reported just three years ago.
While the Company performed admirably on a year-over-year basis, that success was tempered by the challenging conditions that converged upon the industry in the second half of FY’01. Cyclicality in the electronic components market, especially with regard to semiconductors, is to be expected, and Avnet is adept at anticipating and dealing with such volatility. However, by December three significant events had coincided: the worldwide economy slowed; demand for electronic equipment fell, especially in the saturated communications market; and the supply of electronic components increased significantly. As a result, by the end of FY’01 the worldwide supply chain was bloated with excess inventory. In the second half of the fiscal year, Avnet’s bookings plummeted and revenues fell 27 percent from the third to the fourth quarter. Consequently, just two quar- ters after posting record results diluted EPS declined to just $0.05, before special charges, for the year-ending June quarter.
To Our Shareholders:
 AVNET, INC. FY 2001
SALES BY OPERATING GROUP
3
   CM
EM CM AC
$ BILLIONS
$8.29 $2.85 $1.67
EM
% OF AVNET'S SALES
64.7% 22.3 % 13.0 %
AC
 ELECTRONICS MARKETING (EM)
Through focused divisions, EM markets, inventories and adds value, via services such as supply-chain management and engineering design, to semiconductors, interconnect, passive and electromechanical devices, radio frequency and microwave devices, and specialty products from leading component manufacturers.
COMPUTER MARKETING (CM)
CM builds channels to market that provide focused sales, marketing and value-added distribution of enterprise computing systems, software,
storage and services for value-added resellers, and enterprise solutions for end users.
APPLIED COMPUTING (AC)
AC markets and adds value through engineering assistance, supply-chain management and end product integration to embedded technology subsystems, including computer platforms and servers, boards and memory modules, mass storage, peripherals, microprocessors, flat panel displays and operating systems.
  
 After three days spent forging the Company’s future at the triennial Global Managers Meeting, participants gather to share their impressions at the closing ceremony. Below, a signature is added to a poster highlighting Avnet’s core values, unveiled at the November 2000 meeting in Phoenix, Arizona.
Avnet is Positioned to Excel
By aggressively adjusting to challenging business conditions while continuing to build a company of industry-leading scope and scale, Avnet is molding a lean, global company positioned to excel when the market rebounds.
Avnet’s aggressive acquisition strategy is aimed squarely at creating the scope and economies of scale necessary to increase shareholder value. In pursuing this strategy, the Company has reduced its cost structure, expanded its customer and supplier relationships, broadened its geographic reach, and added the skills and knowledge of talented, experienced employees. Since FY’99 began, we have completed the acquisition of 19 companies with top-line historical revenues totaling more than $6.7 billion. In FY’01 alone, Avnet finalized five acquisitions with historical revenues totaling approximately $3.6 billion, reducing our exposure to the semiconductor cycle, establishing a new networking business relationship with Cisco Systems, and substantially increasing our presence in Europe and Asia. Avnet has become extremely efficient at integrating acquisitions, completing the integration of Kent’s components business just 25 days from the close of the transaction.
In the second half of the fiscal year, significant tactical focus was required to navigate the downturn. Synergies created by the rapid integration of acquisitions, coupled with aggressive cost cutting measures including the reduction of Avnet’s census by approximately 1,100 people, resulted in selling, general and adminis- trative savings of more than $70 million annualized by the end of the June quarter. Costs should continue to fall at least through the first half of FY’02. We also reduced our debt by $752 million (before taking into account the $350 million reduction due to our accounts receivable securitization program) from December
 AVNET, INC. FY 2001
SALES BY REGION
ASIA EMEA
AMERICAS
   $ BILLIONS AMERICAS $8.75 EMEA $3.51 ASIA $0.55
% OF AVNET'S SALES
68.3% 27.4% 4.3%
  
 to June, primarily by lowering working capital by $813 million. Consequently, by the end of the fiscal year, Avnet’s debt-to-capital ratio fell to 48.3 percent, after reaching a high of 56.1 percent at the end of the second quarter of FY’01.
Leveraging Avnet’s Scope and Scale
Following an era of consolidation in the industry, Avnet is a leading global player within distribution’s total available market (DTAM). Yet the DTAM represents only a fraction of the technology industry’s total available market (TAM) of more than $400 billion for the products and services we provide. Avnet’s rapid growth has created the opportunity for our Company to take advantage of the scope and economies of scale created over the past decade to improve and expand our existing businesses and push ever farther into the greater technology market. And for a services business such as Avnet, the benefits of scale – the ability to leverage our investments across our operations – are very important. Avnet enters FY’02 with more leverage for earnings growth and return on capital than ever before. We are structured to focus on the specialized, value-added distribution of technology products, and we are committed to creating innovative services to capitalize on untapped opportunities.
Avnet’s Operating Groups: Structured for Specialization
As an $8.29 billion global operating group, Electronics Marketing (EM) now goes to market through focused divisions in the Americas, EMEA (Europe, the Middle East and Africa) and Asia. Empowered to make swift decisions and respond rapidly, these focused divisions – specializing by product, service or
letter to shareholders
 AVNET, INC. FY’01 ACQUISITIONS
Historical annual revenues totaling approximately $3.6 billion
Savoir Technology Group, Inc.
North America July 2000
Atlas Services (Europe), EBV Elektronik, RKE Systems, WBC Europe
October 2000
RDT Technologies Ltd.
Israel February 2001
Sunrise Technology Limited
People’s Republic of China May 2001
Kent Electronics Corporation
North America June 2001
5
 Avnet is committed to attracting, developing and retaining a highly skilled, diverse global workforce.
  
 Avnet’s Data Center in Chandler, Arizona is the heart of the Company’s worldwide information services infrastructure.
geography – increase market share for our suppliers’ products, while decreasing our customers’ time to market and cost of doing business.
Computer Marketing (CM) has prospered by focusing on medium-size enterprises and Fortune 500 departmental solutions with a very select group of industry- leading vendors. CM derived the vast majority of its $2.85 billion in FY’01 sales from six of the world’s best-known information technology (IT) brands: Cisco, Compaq, EMC, Hewlett-Packard, IBM and Oracle.
Applied Computing (AC) offers a portfolio of specialist divisions focused by product and geography. AC, which will celebrate its second full year in business in October 2001, now derives 73 percent of its $1.67 billion in revenue from eight strategic supplier relationships.
Creating Opportunity Through Innovation
Across all operating groups, Avnet has a passion for challenging conventional industry wisdom. We are creating innovative services to increase value delivered and generate new revenue streams with higher margins.
Technology industry analysis firm IDC projects annual revenues in the exploding global electronic supply-chain services sector to increase from $23 billion in 2000 to $83 billion by 2005. In keeping with this trend, EM’s $2.72 billion Avnet Integrated Material Services division has grown at a five-year compound annual
 AVNET’S INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY STRATEGY
Global Business Platform
Avnet’s centralized IT infrastructure leverages the Company’s economies of scale in providing networking, data center security and operations. Through SAP, Avnet EM is creating a single, global, multicurrency and multilingual IT platform.
Global Communications
Avnet’s wide area network gives employees access to vital customer and supplier information. The Global Data Warehouse consolidates data to optimize decision-making utilizing enterprise-wide information. An expanded Electronic Commerce Gateway increases Avnet’s electronic commerce and global trading capabilities, including electronic data interchange transactions.
Internet Alliances
Avnet is establishing or participating in strategic Internet hubs, portals and links that deliver new value and make it easier than ever to
do business with us in an industry evolving from a linear supply chain to a multidirectional supply web.
  
 growth rate of 36.9 percent. In addition, EM has begun the beta testing process on a series of new services that will leverage Avnet’s global IT capabilities and other resources to expand strategic relationships.
In FY’00, CM’s Avnet Hall-Mark division successfully responded to Hewlett- Packard’s Channel 2000 challenge – a program designed to maximize the supply-chain efficiencies of its distribution channel – and emerged with an innovative business model. With this model in place in FY’01, the value-added services we once provided as an adjunct to hardware sales have been unbundled and are now provided separately for a fee. This new structure has broad implications across the Company, proving the viability of an entirely new model for marketing and selling higher-margin services.
AC brings innovative thinking to its customers through its Internet-based service for design engineers, Avnet FasTracTM. AC also recently opened its new engineering labs and technology showcases in Phoenix, Arizona, and Peabody, Massachusetts. The labs provide a technical, resource-rich environment where customers and AC engineers work side by side to reduce design time to market by integrating industry-standard subsystems. The showcases were built in conjunction with top suppliers like IBM, Intel, Microsoft and Motorola to demonstrate applications for products and technologies just coming to market.
Avnet launched a new, enterprise-wide global objective for FY’02 to further increase focus on the creation of services-based business models. Steve Church, formerly co-president of EM global, is driving this objective across our enterprise as senior vice president of services business development, reporting directly to me.
letter to shareholders
 AVNET’S INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ACCOLADES
Lauded throughout FY’01, Avnet’s IT infrastructure is the foundation upon which the Company constructs its global technology marketing and services initiatives.
s Avnetranksfirstinitsindustry
in the “InformationWeek 500,”
a list of the largest and most innovative IT users, and garners gold citations for technology strategy, e-business strategy, business practices and customer knowledge.
s FORBESmagazinenames www.avnet.com the “Best of the Best” B2B Web site in the distribution industry.
s Avnetplacesseventhamong COMPUTERWORLD magazine’s annual listing of the “100 Best Places to Work in IT.” Avnet has been honored numerous times in the ranking’s eight-year history.
s Atope-businessinnovator,Avnet ranks 13th in EWEEK magazine’s “FastTrack 500” list, rewarded for deploying e-business technologies like customer relationship management applications, e-commerce applications, Internet- enabled data warehouses and high-speed networking.
s INTERNETWEEKmagazinenames Avnet one of its “100 e-Business Leaders,”recognized for success- fully generating business through the Internet.
Avnet employees give generously of their time and money to a variety of charitable causes benefiting the communtities in which they live and work.
7
   
 With locations in 63 countries, communicating consistently with employees is essential. Here, chairman and CEO Roy Vallee (left), with the assistance of Bob Zierk, vice president, global human resources, discusses Avnet’s financial status and highlights at the Town Hall, broadcast quarterly via satellite.
Employees Drive Our Success
Innovation is the only sustainable differentiator. Avnet’s continuous innovation and rapid growth would not be possible without the contributions of dedicated, industry savvy, highly skilled employees. In every case, the Avnet team has embraced the challenges placed before it, from estab- lishing a global IT infrastructure, to integrating acquisitions, to managing the changes inherent in restructuring, to developing and embracing new ways of doing business in an established industry. Their knowledge is Avnet’s intellec- tual capital – the currency of the New Economy – and Avnet is committed to
attracting, developing and retaining the best employees in the business.
With another Avnet veteran at the helm, former CM president Rich Ward, we have instituted an Organizational Development Program that provides a framework for executive, managerial and individual contributor training and advancement. In addition to improving Avnet’s performance by developing the skills of our team, this effort provides a robust succession planning activity.
Focusing on Shareholder Value
Sculpting a great company is a fine art. By optimizing our existing businesses and driving new growth in services within the technology market, Avnet is molding a lean, flexible and highly competitive Company that should generate increasing returns on capital while growing EPS. We are committed to consistently increasing shareholder value, and that ultimate objective is embodied in every decision we make. Janice Miller, Avnet’s new vice president of corporate strategic planning, is helping our executive team identify promising opportunities in the global marketplace and develop high-impact strategic plans to take advantage of them.
 AVNET, INC. FY 2001
SALES BY PRODUCT
P&E
CONNECTORS
COMPUTER PRODUCTS
SEMICONDUCTORS
COMPUTER PRODUCTS $3.95 30.8% CONNECTORS $0.74 5.8% PASSIVES AND
ELECTROMECHANICAL
DEVICES $1.02 8.0%
     SEMICONDUCTORS
% OF
$ BILLIONS AVNET'S SALES
  $7.10 55.4%
     
 Looking Ahead
Clearly, while we cannot control the market in which we compete, we can – and do – determine how well we compete within it. Avnet is focused on that which we can affect to create advantages for our Company. We are committed to long- term leadership, and we have never been better positioned. Avnet began FY’02 number one in its industry. From the electronic components that feed the supply chain, to the subsystem building blocks that reduce time to market, to the value- added mid-range computing products space, we are a market leader. Through focus, specialization and innovation, Team Avnet is aggressively expanding our Company’s boundaries beyond traditional distribution, transforming us into the premier technology marketing and services company, globally.
Thank you, Team, for your many distinguished accomplishments in creating value for our suppliers, customers and shareholders during both halves of a novel FY’01. And thank you, Avnet shareholders, for your continued support. Despite entering the new year with substantial environmental challenges, I am confident of Avnet’s ability to compete. As always, I welcome your comments and suggestions.
Roy Vallee
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
letter to shareholders
  Steve Church
 “While we cannot control the market in which we compete, we can – and do – determine how well we compete within it.”
—Roy Vallee
9
   Janice Miller Rich Ward
 