Our Company began the fiscal year in an enviable position:
lean, geographically balanced and financially strong with
resurgent spending in the markets we serve. During the
2001-2003 technology industry downturn, we dramatically
reduced costs and debt to create a high degree of operating
leverage and a healthy balance sheet. In FY04, revenue
growth met operating efficiency. Sales increased 13 percent,
or $1.2 billion, and operating income grew almost nine times
faster, at 116 percent. Asset productivity reached record highs
during the year as cash conversion cycle metrics improved
nearly 10 percent. Pro forma earnings per share more than
quadrupled. As we enter FY05, our operating leverage positions
us to continue growing earnings substantially faster than sales. Globalization continued apace in FY04, with technology
companies seeking lower manufacturing costs and new markets
for their products. The shift toward Asia, in particular, has been
dramatic, and Avnet’s proactive expansion into the region that
began in 1995 is paying off. Our Company is one of the largest
distributors of electronic components in Asia, where sales for
Avnet Electronics Marketing were up 50 percent year over year.
The news from Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA) is
exciting as well. Avnet Electronics Marketing’s operating profit
in this region rose almost fivefold, and sales increased
approximately 23 percent. In the Americas, operating income
nearly doubled for our computer products group, Avnet
Technology Solutions, and its sales rose 11 percent. Overall,
Avnet Electronics Marketing grew revenue 18 percent and
Avnet Technology Solutions gained 7 percent. Avnet, with its
275-plus location, 68 country global footprint, is positioned
to rapidly adjust to regional shifts, providing global capabilities
with local support.
From a business mix perspective, in FY04 our higher margin
components operating group gained ground, bringing us to 58
percent components and 42 percent computer products. We
enjoy a substantial market share lead over most competitors in
both areas of expertise. The combining of our Avnet Computer
Marketing and Avnet Applied Computing operating groups into
Avnet Technology Solutions at the beginning of the fiscal year
is proving successful; we consolidated operations, increased
profit and grew our computer products business in aggregate.
Despite our strong market position, Avnet still represents
only 10 percent of the global distribution market for the
products we currently sell. As demand for technology products resumes, we are selectively
hiring in critical front-line areas while furthering our robust
internal training and performance management programs.
Avnet has a global employee base and a culture that drives
value through profitable growth and operational excellence.
We are committed to continually strengthening our performance-
and values-based culture and, through our Driving Value
campaign, educating our people on the steps they can take to
help increase shareholder value. In FY04, gross profit per
employee improved 21 percent and operating income per
employee, excluding certain charges, shot up 132 percent.
Net operating profit after tax return on working capital more
than doubled over FY03 and reached 12.9 percent in the fourth
quarter. Return on total capital climbed steadily every quarter,
and we continue to make progress toward our goal of more
than 10 percent return on capital employed.
Our achievements are laudable and our strategy and position
sound, but we will not rest. We aspire to set new quarterly
records in financial and productivity metrics as we strive to
reestablish pre-downturn peak performance levels. It is our
intent to grow the Company’s revenue faster than the
technology markets we serve and leverage the increase in
sales to grow earnings per share and return on capital faster
than revenue. We will take full advantage of the opportunities
our scale and scope afford us to enable our customers and
suppliers to succeed. We will continue to stress quality revenue
growth while improving expense and asset productivity, insisting
that all business decisions take into account the impact on
profit and the consumption of capital. We will focus on organic
growth, new business opportunities, operational excellence
and developing our people. Though demand in many sectors of our industry is cyclical,
technology is intrinsic to the global economy and will remain an
important driver well into the future. Avnet and its stakeholders
benefit from the relative stability our balanced revenue portfolio
provides. We remain committed to capitalizing on our position
at the center of the technology supply chain to provide the
utmost value to our customers, suppliers, employees and
shareholders. Thank you for your confidence in our Company
Roy Vallee
Chairman & CEO