2

Dear Fellow Shareholders: Avery Dennison reported improved results in 2004, achieving accelerated sales growth over the prior year with annual revenue surpassing the $5 billion mark for the first time. We generated record cash flow and strong top-line growth, while reaching a key milestone as we completed the integration of operations from the 2002 acquisition of Jackstädt. Even with these impressive accomplishments, we faced a number of challenges, including operating margin pressure, partly due to rising raw material costs, and previously announced antitrust investigations. Notwithstanding the challenges, our business was strengthened during the year, and the future looks promising. Our 2004 results demonstrate that our expanding portfolio of businesses and broad geographic presence are effectively driving both short-term financial results and long-term value creation.
LEADERSHIP AND GROWTH

In 2004, we maintained leading market positions in all of our key businesses ­ pressure-sensitive paper and film roll materials, printable media and supplies for the office and consumer products market, and tickets, tags and labels for the retail apparel industry. To further drive our top-line sales growth, we focused on key growth initiatives ­ investing in emerging markets, identifying opportunities to create new businesses and developing new products and applications for our core markets. We are committed to expanding our fast-growth businesses through superior service and product innovation. Our Horizons growth program is our premier initiative for achieving top-line growth. Horizons is a disciplined process for accelerating sales growth by developing a steady pipeline of new products and services, as well as identifying

3

new business ideas. This approach, now in its third year, has energized our Company by allowing employees to find solutions to business development challenges in nontraditional ways. The Horizons Program has fostered a renewed emphasis on collaboration ­ of knowledge, resources, and action across divisional boundaries ­ that highlights the theme of this year's annual report, which illustrates how the translation of expertise across functions is leading to operational and financial success. Since we started the program in 2003, our teams have created and launched more than 1,000 Horizon 1 projects, generating millions of dollars in revenue from products and services they developed.
BRINGING IT ALL TOGETHER

In 2004, a number of important initiatives began to bear fruit, contributing significantly to our improving operational and financial performance. Specifically, in 2004 we completed the two-year integration of our Jackstädt acquisition, enabling our worldwide roll and graphics materials businesses to optimize their regional and global scale. We expanded our retail information services business with the acquisition of woven label manufacturer Rinke Etiketten, based in Germany. We are now able to supply a complete portfolio of in-house brand identification products, including high-quality woven labels, to our apparel manufacturing customers throughout the world. In keeping with our ongoing goal to improve productivity, our Six Sigma program continues to provide the foundation for driving significant productivity improvement in both operational and transactional processes across the Company. Along with Six Sigma, we have implemented Lean Manufacturing principles at many of our facilities to reduce waste and process redundancies and to maximize efficiency.
EMERGING OPPORTUNITIES

Eleven years ago, we made a strategic decision to increase significantly our ongoing investment in Asia in order to establish a more substantial foothold in the growing markets across the region. Since then we also have expanded our operations serving

2004 Sales by End-User Markets
Consumer Products and other retail items
20 0

Logistics and Shipping
40 60

Industrial/ Durable Applications
100 80

Office Products

Transportation

Medical/ Health Care

100%

Avery Dennison 2004

Shareholders' Letter

4

developing markets located in Latin America and Eastern Europe. Today, approximately 20 percent of the Company's total sales are generated in these fast-growing economies, and that major commitment of resources to these emerging markets is providing excellent returns. Sales growth for our pressure-sensitive materials business in China has been particularly robust, with an average annual rate exceeding 30 percent during the last four years. China continues to offer a vast potential market for our products, from pressuresensitive roll labeling materials for packaging and office products to specialty tapes for disposable diapers, reflective materials for highway signs and commercial graphics materials. In response to the increasingly important role of the Chinese market and the entire Asian region, we have started a multiyear project to build a world-class research and development center in China. Our new Asian Technical Center will provide enhanced technical productivity and localized product development support to our growing businesses in the region. Emerging markets, with their accelerating consumer economies, are a top priority for us. We plan to invest in new markets with future potential, such as India and Russia, that are poised for significant growth resulting from an anticipated increase in demand for our pressure-sensitive labeling materials.
GEARING UP FOR RFID

One of our most important forward-looking initiatives is the development of our radio frequency identification (RFID) business. As more businesses of all types realize that RFID technology is a necessary component to improve their supply chain management, they are discovering that a pressure-sensitive label is the ideal vehicle for carrying RFID chips and antennas. Producing RFID label materials fits perfectly into the core of Avery Dennison operations, already one of the world's largest producers of pressure-sensitive materials for labels.

2004 Sales by Region
(before elimination of sales bet w een regions)
E m erging M arket s

47%
U .S .
20 40 0

27%

7%

10%
Asia
100

5%

4%

W. Europe Other
60 80

L a tin Amer ica E . Eur op e

100%

5

We announced in 2004 the formation of a new business dedicated to the manufacturing and marketing of RFID labels and inlays, from which label converters will produce RFID labels. By marketing RFID labels and inlays to our label converter customers, we expect our materials will meet the needs of diverse end-user markets, such as retail, pharmaceutical and packaged goods companies. Very few companies offer the precisionbased, high-volume manufacturing capability that is truly one of our areas of expertise.
COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGES

We continue to build sustainable competitive advantage in our key markets. In retail consumer merchandising, our Fasson brand of pressure-sensitive labeling materials enjoys a leading role in providing advanced packaging and product identification solutions to the marketplace. These markets are approximately 50 percent penetrated with pressure-sensitive label materials, offering significant growth potential for those suppliers who are able to solve difficult production challenges. To that end, we recently have worked with a major label converter and beverage producer to provide a premium packaging solution for beer bottles ­ a clear, thin film that conveys a new, upscale look for one of its flagship beer brands. This consumer-driven appeal is transforming the concept of beer label design and reinforcing the value of pressure-sensitive labeling materials. The Avery brand continues to be a leader in the office and consumer products category. Avery-brand printable media products are known throughout the world for their superior quality, ease of use, reliability and compatibility with virtually all personal computers and desktop printers. Our retail and apparel manufacturing customers rely on Avery Dennison's retail information services business to provide an extensive portfolio of brand identification products, as well as state-of-the-art data management services available on a global basis wherever apparel is manufactured. We anticipate further strong growth in this area as the demand for on-time and accurate delivery of goods and services in complex production environments continues to escalate.
TRANSITIONS

Avery Dennison 2004

Shareholders' Letter

As this Annual Report goes to press, we are pleased to report that the board of directors has elected Dean A. Scarborough as the next chief executive officer of the Company, effective May 1, 2005. Dean succeeds Phil Neal, who has served as CEO since 1998 and has worked at Avery Dennison for more than 30 years. Phil will remain in his role as chairman of the board until May 1, 2006. Dean, a 21-year veteran of Avery Dennison, has served as president and chief operating officer for the past five years. Before that, he held a variety of progressively responsible senior management, marketing and operations positions, both in the U.S. and overseas. We look forward to the talented leadership and strategic vision that Dean will provide to our Company in the years to come.

6

In 2004, we were pleased to announce the additions of John T. Cardis and Rolf Börjesson as directors of the Company, further strengthening what is already an outstanding board of directors. John's many years of leadership and management experience at Deloitte & Touche USA LLP will serve us well in the years ahead, as will Rolf's superb strategic instincts and valuable international business expertise derived from his years of experience at the helm of several of the world's premier consumer packaging firms. Additionally, we note with great respect the retirements of Charles D. Miller and Frank V. Cahouet from our board of directors, effective April 28, 2005. Our profound gratitude goes to Chuck for his superb leadership and counsel during 30 years of service on the board, and to Frank for his many contributions during the 22 years he has served as a board member. We are pleased to announce that Chuck, former chairman and CEO of Avery Dennison, will become a director emeritus of the board upon his retirement, enabling us to continue to benefit from his intelligent and knowledgeable insights about the Company for many years to come.
LOOKING AHEAD

We will continue to build on the business fundamentals in 2005 that have made this Company so strong over the years: a commitment to our customers to provide the highest quality solutions available, and a commitment to our shareholders to increase the value of their investment in Avery Dennison over the long term. As always, the success of our initiatives will reflect the efforts of our remarkable workforce ­ extremely talented people who exceed our expectations with their dedication, innovation and enthusiasm to make our goals and strategies a reality, while adhering to the highest ethical standards. Integrity is one of Avery Dennison's core values, the importance of which is being underscored as we expand our efforts to reinforce our values with employees worldwide. As we look forward to another productive and successful year in 2005, we want to thank all of our stakeholders ­ employees, shareholders, business partners and customers ­ for your continued support throughout the year.

Philip M. Neal Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 7, 2005

Dean A. Scarborough President and Chief Operating Officer

