Letter to Shareholders
Fellow shareholders,
Another Year of Excellent Progress Toward Our Long-Term Goals We are pleased to report that Avery Dennison delivered another strong performance in 2016, with our fifth consecutive year of solid organic sales growth and double-digit increases in earnings per share. This consistent performance speaks to the resilience of our market positions, the depth of talent in the company, and the strategic foundations we have laid, which we are now beginning to leverage through the disciplined execution of our M&A strategy. Five Years of Solid Growth and Record Margins at LGM Our Pressure-sensitive Materials segment, now reorganized as Label and Graphic Materials (LGM), delivered another year of margin expansion and solid organic sales growth, including increased penetration of high-value product categories (specialty labels, graphics, and reflective solutions). We are increasing our pace of investment to leverage this high-return business. RBIS Now on Track to Achieve Long-Term Margin Goals Retail Branding and Information Solutions (RBIS) delivered solid growth, driven by a 40 percent increase in radiofrequency identification (RFID) sales. Beyond RFID, the business achieved volume growth and continued margin improvement, demonstrating initial success with our multiyear transformation strategy. IHM Positioned to Create Significant Future Value At the end of 2016, we formed our Industrial and Healthcare Materials (IHM) group, aligning our businesses in tapes and fasteners, along with Vancive Medical Technologies, into a single organization that shares common end markets, namely automotive and healthcare. While IHM was down in 2016, we are investing to grow this business to capture higher-value segments by leveraging Avery Dennison's broader capabilities. Raising the Bar: Targeting Strong Performance Through 2021 Our strategy is working. We are making excellent progress toward our 2018 goals to deliver profi table growth and improved returns. Building on this performance, we recently announced a new set of goals for 2021, targeting continued solid organic growth, further margin expansion, and double-digit growth in earnings per share annually. Achieving these goals should enable us to continue delivering superior returns for our stockholders. Driving a Culture of Sustainability As always, how we operate is just as important as what we accomplish. Avery Dennison remains a leader in the development of sustainable products and practices within our industry. We are making steady progress against our 2025 goals that include sourcing more sustainable raw materials, reducing waste, and lowering our carbon footprint. We also continue to focus on advancing our diversity goals, and we remain committed to providing a safe and healthy workplace for our employees. And, we further enhanced our Board of Directors with the recent appointment of Andres Lopez, president and chief executive officer of Owens-Illinois, Inc., the world's largest glass container manufacturer. We are confident that we will continue our momentum and achieve our long-term goals through our focus on delivering exceptional value for our customers, our employees, and our stockholders. Thank you for your investment in Avery Dennison.

Dean A. Scarborough
Executive Chairman
March 10, 2017

Mitch Butier
President and Chief Executive Officer
March 10, 2017

ii

