Dear Fellow Shareholders, In our letter last year, we told you Avery Dennison was prepared to endure a protracted economic downturn and emerge from it a stronger business. The recession turned out to be worse than we anticipated, but the outcome for your Company was better than we expected. We completed 2009 well on the way to transforming Avery Dennison from a supplier of basic materials into a trusted partner who makes every brand more inspiring and the world more intelligent.

Sales volumes dropped during the first half of the year as customers substantially reduced inventories and recovered only modestly later in the year. We focused on three strategic imperatives: reducing our fixed costs, accelerating free cash flow, and continuing to invest in growth so we will be stronger when recovery comes. As expected, the decline in volumes reduced our sales and profits for the year, but in certain key measures our results were strong. Rigorous cost controls, disciplined pricing, and our restructuring and productivity improvements helped us generate record free cash flow and expand gross profit margins. We improved working capital to the most efficient level in several years. We made a difficult decision to reduce the dividend and pay down debt to ensure that we could survive a protracted downturn. In short, we played excellent defense. At the same time, we played strong offense. We maintained share leadership in our key markets. We earned new business, directly and through our partners, from leading companies including Wal-Mart, Procter & Gamble, Korean food producer Pulmuone, Mexico's Novamex, and auto makers including Ford,

BMW and China's Great Wall Motor Company. Gerry Weber Group, a major German fashion company, chose us to deploy "item-level" RFID (Radio Frequency Identification) technologies to help them manage inventory, speed up their supply chain and increase in-store security. We accelerated our product development process and launched Avery® NoteTabsTM and TM which solve everyday labeling Avery® Label Pads, and organizing problems in new ways. We continued to grow sales in China. We maintained our investments in promising opportunities in new pressure-sensitive materials, Japan and healthcare. We enter 2010 well positioned for a wide range of business environments. Avery Dennison has wellestablished leading market share in three sectors: Pressure-sensitive Materials, Retail Information Services, and Office and Consumer Products. We deliver higher returns than most of our competitors in each sector thanks to our strong brands, differentiated products and best-in-class service in every major world market. This year we will continue to focus on disciplined operations and free cash flow, but we will also focus on realizing the promise of our investments in profitable growth.

We identify your world

3

Inspired Brands, Intelligent World We have learned from several thousand meetings with "end customers, " companies that use our materials for the labels on their products, that we play a key role in making brands distinctive and attractive--in a word, inspiring. We help make products stand out on store shelves and move shoppers to choose them. At the same time, our products convey information those shoppers need to purchase and use a broad spectrum of industrial and consumer products, including packaged consumer goods, clothing, food and beverages, pharmaceuticals and healthcare products, electronic components and automobiles. We also provide information that makes supply chains more efficient and more accurate and responsive to customers --that is, more intelligent. Our Pressure-sensitive Materials businesses are targeting market segments that can benefit from our expertise in packaging materials and global scale. Roll Materials, our largest business, is moving from being just a substrate provider to a developer of innovative packaging solutions based on end-customer needs and insights. A key element in this move is to expand the use of pressure-sensitive labels in key market segments, such as food and beverage, where they enhance brands and lift sales more successfully, and at a lower total cost, than traditional wet-glue labels or other decorating technologies. Our other pressuresensitive business, Graphics and Reflective Products, has identified and developed new, easy-to-apply cast films that are used by transportation equipment manufacturers and for fleet graphics, architectural marking and signage. The global market in which Retail Information Services (RIS) competes is well over $15 billion; even as a leader it has less than 10 percent market share, and thus has substantial growth opportunities. RIS has all the elements in place to fulfill its new vision of "intelligent, creative, sustainable solutions that elevate brands and accelerate performance in the retail supply chain. " RIS serves retailers and brand owners, who are based primarily in the U.S. and Europe, but it also has a presence in more than 40 apparel-manufacturing countries and can serve customers at all points in their supply chains. With this global scale, RIS ensures that packaging produced on five continents consistently

represents a brand image as well as the information needed to move items quickly and securely from the point of manufacture to the point of sale thousands of miles away. Office and Consumer Products is finding new customers and consumers in segments where the Avery brand's long-standing leadership in professional organization is highly relevant, including personal organization and identification, "on the go" applications and education. The business has revitalized its process for developing new solutions, as evidenced by Avery ® TM which have received NoteTabsTM and Avery® Label Pads, rave reviews from consumers. Other specialty converting businesses is a diverse group of smaller businesses, including Specialty Tape, which serves several distinct industrial fabricating and bonding markets. We have formed a new medical division to more rapidly grow our medical tapes and wound care business. Accelerating Performance During 2009, we used Enterprise Lean Sigma (ELS) to reduce costs and improve service and quality in our supply chain. Thousands of employees worked in teams to implement our cost-out program, and we increased our mid-2010 target for annual savings from $160 million to $180 million. These teams also achieved record-low levels of operational working capital in our businesses and improved service in almost every business as well. In 2010, we'll continue to use ELS principles to drive supply chain excellence, and we'll expand the use of these powerful tools to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of our human resources, information technology, and finance and accounting functions. The Next 75 Years The year 2010 marks Avery Dennison's 75th anniversary as a company. Throughout our history we have followed the lead of our founder, Stan Avery, who saw the selfadhesive die-cut label not only as a solution to the everyday business problem of marking prices, but also as a way to help people. Our new vision--to make every brand more inspiring and the world more intelligent --is firmly anchored in Stan Avery's sense of purpose as well as his inventive spirit.

4

Avery Dennison 2009 Annual Report

Transitions We would like to welcome Debra L. Reed, the chairperson, president and CEO of the regulated utilities of Sempra Energy, to the Avery Dennison board of directors. And we would like to thank Richard M. Ferry, who is retiring from the board as of the Company's annual meeting on April 22, 2010. Richard has been a member of our board for 24 years. He has provided wise and incisive counsel in every one of those years, and we wish him all the best. This brings the co-authors of this letter to the awkward task of thanking and congratulating each other. Kent Kresa has been a director since 1999 and chairman of the board since 2005, and he, too, is retiring as of the annual meeting. As chairman, Kent has guided the board through some of the Company's most difficult challenges. On behalf of the board, Dean would like to thank him for everything he has done for Avery Dennison. In turn, Kent would like to congratulate Dean on his election as chairman of the board. And finally, we thank every member of the Avery Dennison team. During one of the toughest years in Company history, they stayed positive and delivered excellent service, kept the franchise strong and, through their attention to customers, pointed the way to our future.

Dean A. Scarborough
President and Chief Executive Officer

Kent Kresa
Chairman of the Board

MARCH 11, 2010

We identify your world

5

