  dear ShareholderS
  OVERVIEW and HIgHlIgHts
We were pleased to achieve record sales
of $6.3 billion in 2012, as we continued to expand our customer base and enhance our value to customers by providing customized Supply Chain Solutions and strong technical and engineering support.
One of the attractive features of our business model is the diversification of the industries we serve and the secular growth trends driving them. Strength in natural resource extraction and power generation enabled us to achieve record sales in our Electrical and Electronic Wire and Cable segment, which grew by 8 percent on an organic basis. Broad-based demand for improved security fueled another solid year in our security business, which exceeded the milestone of $1 billion in sales for the first time in our history. Additionally, our Supply Chain Solutions offering grew through expanded capabilities and greater customer adoption.
We continued to differentiate ourselves as the only company in our industry with a truly global operating platform—a distinction that creates stronger customer attachment for multinational companies and drives both domestic and international sales. During
the year, we enhanced our Latin American business with the acquisition of Jorvex, and we continued our penetration in the Middle East through a successful joint venture in Saudi Arabia.
As our business has evolved and our emerging markets have achieved critical mass, we determined that managing our businesses from an end-market structure was best for our organization. Consequently, in the fourth quarter, we announced a change in reporting segments from geographies to three end-markets. Now, each of our three segment leaders manage their business
on a global basis.
The economic weakness in Europe adversely impacted our sales and profitability for the entire year. Based on the weakness in this region, our third quarter included a goodwill and long-lived asset impairment charge as well as an adjustment of our European inventory.
In the fourth quarter, triggered by the change in reporting segments, we had a further impairment charge, which resulted from the significant European exposure of our OEM Supply segment.
2%
AChIEvED rECOrD SALES OF
$6.3 Billion
We took aggressive actions to reduce our cost structure across all segments and geographies, which resulted in a $10 million restructuring charge. We also took two actions related to
our pension plan, including funding $34 million of additional contributions to the plan. We expect to realize the benefits of these cost management actions immediately, which we estimate will yield approximately $20 million in savings in 2013, positioning us well for growth this year and beyond.
FInanCIal UPdatE
As a result of our relentless focus on expenses throughout the year, adjusted operating expenses increased by just 1 percent in 2012,
resulting in adjusted operating income
of $358 million and adjusted operating margin of 5.7 percent. Another dynamic in our business model is the significant operating leverage we enjoy during times of economic recovery and growth. While we had strong operating leverage in the first half of the year, we did not achieve the sales growth necessary in the second half to reach our goal of double digit operating profit leverage for the year.
We continue to generate strong cash from operations and believe one of the hallmarks of our business model is our ability to generate cash during economic slowdowns. This permits us to have a capital structure that targets a debt-to-total capital ratio in the range of 45–50 percent and to consistently return value to shareholders throughout a business cycle.
Last year, we generated $142 million in operating cash flow, which helped us to
fund investments in our business including our digital marketing initiative and the acquisition of Jorvex. In addition, consistent with our commitment to shareholders, we returned nearly $210 million to investors through a $4.50 per share special dividend and a 1 million share stock repurchase. During 2012, we also took advantage of favorable credit markets to issue new debt
to pre-fund the convertible note that matured in February 2013.
We take our role as a steward of our investors’ capital seriously and are proud that over
the past five years we have returned over
60 percent of our cash flow, totaling over $740 million, to shareholders. We manage our capital deployment in a conservative, opportunistic and prudent manner, with a priority on reinvesting in the business. We will continue to return cash to our shareholders when we do not have attractive business investment opportunities.
 3 Annual Report 2012
  
 As part of our ongoing commitment to the financial community, we hosted our first
ever Investor Day in 2012, providing investors with further insights into our company, customer value proposition, growth strategy, brand and management team. We remain committed to providing investors with
timely and transparent financial and strategic communications.
2012 Segment Sales Mix
With total sales up 9 percent from 2011, our Security Solutions business had another strong year as personal safety and loss prevention remain important priorities
for our customers. We are well positioned
to capture the shift in the marketplace
from analog to Internet Protocol (IP), a migration which is still early in its adoption.
Finally, the “always on” wireless world is positive for our business with the proliferation of
mobile devices, mobile traffic and accelerating wireless communications networks. In-building wireless (IBW) solutions provide the capabilities required to address these trends. The IBW opportunity, currently in its infancy, represents
a growing opportunity for several years.
(EPC) companies in major global projects. With a presence in approximately 30 countries, further geographic expansion into markets where our ECS business currently operates with an established infrastructure is a key growth opportunity.
Our acquisition of Jorvex helps us move deeper into the fast-growing Andean region. After operating the business for six months,
we are pleased with the pace of the integration and are working closely with the Jorvex team to expand that business across the region.
Industrial Communication and Control is an important W&C growth initiative representing significant opportunities. As manufacturers continue to deploy automation across their production environments, our technical and supply chain expertise enables us to assist customers as they deploy both Field
Bus and IP communications systems.
Electrical and Electronic Wire and Cable
OEM Supply
OUR sEgmEnts
EXCEEDED $1B MILESTONE
14% 34%
52%
Enterprise Cabling and Security Solutions
Our Enterprise Cabling and Security Solutions (ECS) segment, which operates in more than 50 countries and accounted for more than
$3 billion in 2012 sales, was impacted throughout the year by curtailed enterprise project spending. As we enter 2013, we are optimistic that strong secular drivers, which include the explosive growth in mobile devices, related applications and the associated demand for data storage, will only advance.
It is our view that demand will improve and our customers’ investment in their data centers and communications infrastructure will accelerate through the year.
SECURITY SALES
EntERPRIsE CablIng and sECURIty sOlUtIOns
ElECtRICal and ElECtROnIC WIRE and CablE
Our Electrical and Electronic Wire and
Cable (W&C) business generated 2012 sales exceeding $2 billion, reflecting record organic sales. The market strength of natural resource extraction and power generation was broad-based geographically, extending from North America to Latin America to the Middle East. One highlight of the year, which illustrates the success of our European strategy, is how we have successfully leveraged our relationships with European engineering, procurement and construction
acquired jOrvex S.a.
emerging marketS
grOwth
OEm sUPPly
Our OEM Supply business, which provides fasteners and other Class “C” components
to major OEMs around the world, experienced
Products. Technology. Services. Delivered Globally. 4

     a volatile year. Solid growth in the first
half reversed in the second half as our customers reduced production rates due
to softer demand. As we begin 2013, we believe our OEM segment is well positioned both operationally and financially given
the aggressive restructuring initiatives we implemented in 2012. Based on OEM production levels, we anticipate that the first half of 2013 will look much like the second half of 2012, with an expectation for acceleration in the business in the second half of 2013.
We have significant opportunities to profitably grow the OEM Supply segment as we expand our customer base and broaden our sales with existing customers. Our global reach, supply chain capabilities and engineering expertise remain a compelling value message that resonates with OEM customers around the world.
2012 Geographic Sales Mix
Emerging Markets
12%
71%
North America
pursue acquisitions that meet our strategic, financial and risk criteria. We also look to improved profitability in Europe, as a result
of our recent restructuring actions. While we anticipate global sales will accelerate throughout the year, our expectation is that annual organic sales growth will be in the low-to-mid single digits, below our long-term organic sales
growth goal of 8–10 percent.
Finally, we never lose sight of the fact that our shareholders have choices in where to invest their money. We strongly believe that our shareholder value proposition is based on a compelling customer value proposition and thoughtful stewardship of capital. We would like to thank all of our stakeholders, including employees, customers, suppliers and shareholders for their continued support. We look forward to a very successful 2013.
Sincerely,
SAMUEL ZELL
Chairman
ROBERT J. ECK
President and Chief Executive Officer
THEODORE A. DOSCH
Executive vice President—Finance and Chief Financial Officer
SAMUEL ZELL
CHAiRMAn
            EMEA 17%
ROBERT J. ECK
PRESiDEnT AnD CHiEf ExECUTivE OffiCER
    lOOkIng aHEad
As we look to 2013, we will continue our focus on growth through a combination of gaining market share, expanding into adjacent product and service offerings and moving into new geographies. In addition, we will continue to
54 Annual Report 2012
THEODORE A. DOSCH
ExECUTivE viCE PRESiDEnT— finAnCE AnD CHiEf finAnCiAL OffiCER
 