           SAmuEl zEll Chairman
RObERT J. ECK
President and Chief Executive Officer
DEnnIS J. lEThAm
Executive Vice President—Finance and Chief Financial Officer
    Dear Shareholders
Overview
After experiencing one of the most challenging years in Anixter’s history in 2009, our global performance in 2010 exceeded our aggressive internal goals as we successfully navigated out of one of the deepest and most severe economic recessions ever. We not only survived the macroeconomic challenges, but we also emerged as a stronger, more competitive company positioned to take advantage of the opportunities arising in each of our end markets.
From the fourth quarter of 2008 through the first quarter of 2010, the lower demand that affected
all of our end markets and geographies drove an intense focus on right-sizing our cost structure
and generating cash from the balance sheet as
we optimized our working capital to account for the weaker business activity. Our successes this past year, however, were a direct result of our ability to prudently manage an appropriate and sometimes delicate balance in our business. During 2010, we opportunistically pursued revenue growth while at the same time making further improvements in working capital. In addition, we balanced strict cost-structure management with strategic growth investments and further demonstrated the ability to grow our business. At the same time, we restructured our balance sheet to substantially lower ongoing interest expense and shareholder dilution and returned capital to our shareholders through share repurchases and a special dividend.
In last year’s letter to shareholders, we noted that the cost-structure improvements taken in 2009 positioned us well to take advantage of the eventual recovery because our infrastructure could handle substantially more sales volume with minimal variable
cost investment. Our view was that as a value-added distributor, we must balance cost reduction with retaining the skills and knowledge necessary to deliver superior service to our customers. We are proud to say that we accomplished that goal during
a period when many of our competitors were unable to do so. The somewhat defensive positioning that was necessitated by the recession has been replaced with actions best characterized as “going on the offensive” in each and every market we serve.
This strategy ensures that we not only assist our existing customers as their businesses recover and begin to grow, but that we also add new customers and market share through our strategic expansion initiatives.
Anixter’s 10 percent sales growth in 2010 was
fueled not only by our customers’ increasing production levels and higher capital expenditures from the depressed levels of 2009, but also by
our ability to increase our share of our customers’ business through a wide variety of initiatives targeted at helping them manage their costs and working capital. The broad-based revenue expansion was evidenced by all three end markets and geographic segments contributing to this top-line growth, at rates well in excess of the relatively modest levels
of macroeconomic growth experienced globally during 2010. Excluding the special charges from both 2009 and 2010 (which are explained in more detail later in this letter), we delivered excellent earnings leverage from this sales growth, with improvements in operating income and diluted earnings per share of 34 percent and 75 percent, respectively.
Our earnings growth, coupled with a continued focus on working capital efficiency, drove another year of strong cash generation for Anixter. Our cash flow
from operations not only supported the working capital needs of a growing business, but also enabled us to repurchase $201 million of outstanding long-term debt. In addition, we returned $206 million of excess capital to our shareholders through the repurchase of $95 million of outstanding shares
and in-the-money convertible debt while also paying a special dividend of $111 million. Furthermore, we completed our first acquisition since the fourth quarter of 2008 with the purchase of Clark Security Products, providing an excellent expansion of our already strong $735 million security products business.
This significant return of capital, combined with
a very positive stock price appreciation in 2010, provided strong returns for our shareholders. The total shareholder return (stock price change plus dividend) of 35 percent during the year is especially impressive when compared to the S&P 500 appreciation of 13 percent and the industry peer group performance (see stock price performance data in the company’s Form 10-K) return of 31 percent.
Strategic Focus
With the tight control of our cost structure and the company’s positive operating performance, Anixter
is strongly positioned for 2011 with an improved capital structure, robust credit facilities and the cash-generation capabilities necessary to effectively and opportunistically extend our global reach. As we have stated on several occasions, our strategy largely revolves around generating better earnings leverage and shareholder returns from the unique global platform we have built over the past two decades. Our business not only goes to market with a common identity throughout the world, but it also uses the same business systems, operating practices

 and processes while maintaining common service programs that are managed globally. We continue
to believe the “One Anixter” model provides a unique value proposition to customers who, from a supply chain efficiency perspective, are looking to lower their total costs of acquisition, ownership and deployment of the products we sell, as well as employ common transaction and process interfaces with their operations wherever they may be located.
At the same time, this business model provides an efficient and consistent channel to market for the many suppliers we represent. In particular, we help manufacturers grow by driving demand and providing support for their products worldwide, as well as offering efficient delivery in countries where their individual market penetration may be low and costly to support solely on the basis of their own product set. As we grow geographically and by number of products distributed, this value proposition becomes even more compelling.
Our innovative business model positions us to be a leading value-added distributor of industrial products in three end markets: enterprise cabling and security products, electrical and electronic wire and cable, and industrial fasteners. Our business model is centered on the following:
1. building and expanding customer and supplier relationships through a compelling value proposition based on our technical knowledge
of products and their specific applications, and sophisticated supply chain management services
2. Cementing customer loyalty through diverse product offerings that provide complete solutions combined with a first-class level of service
3. leveraging our global footprint to support both our customers’ and suppliers’ operations around the world
4. Executing with speed and high quality in all aspects of our business
This model has greatly enhanced our ability to sustain our customer and supplier relationships in any market environment.
looking ahead, there are three strategic areas on which we can continue to drive growth in 2011.
If fully successful, we believe this strategy will provide us with better operating leverage on a country-by-country basis, thereby improving Anixter’s operating results and returns in the future. To better optimize performance, it is important that we:
• Expand our product lines and service offerings within each end market globally
• build out a multiple end-market presence in more countries where we are already established
• look to drive deeper geographic market penetration within countries where we currently operate, as well as expand geographic coverage to areas that provide growth potential.
by simultaneously pursuing these three goals, we believe we can more fully capitalize on our global footprint and the established cost structure, as well as further diversify our business by both product line and geography. While Anixter seeks to expand on the three areas highlighted above, the company’s current product, geographic, end market and customer diversity has provided and will continue to provide a solid platform from which to grow in all market environments.
Product Line Expansion
Product line expansion has always been a key contributor to Anixter’s growth profile. One of the best examples of this type of organic growth is the presence we built in the video surveillance and access control market over the past decade that now exceeds $735 million in annual sales. In many countries and regions in which we operate, much of our success has been built on a subset of our global product portfolio. by expanding our product offerings across all countries—not only in the security market, but also with other products—we can achieve a broader and deeper sales mix.
Two examples of our progress in this area include
1) the addition of suppliers and products indigenous to or suited to market requirements of a given country or geographic region; and 2) additional part sets
with existing OEm Supply customers. With only a modest inventory investment required and very
little incremental operating expense, this type of expansion should improve the operating leverage
and profitability in those countries where we expect to achieve increased levels of success.
End-Market Expansion
Our growing global business platform, which now includes 50 countries, was built initially around the enterprise cabling and security end market. Today, our presence in the electrical wire and cable end market remains heavily focused in the united States, Canada and the united Kingdom. Our OEm Supply business was initially built from acquisitions in the united States and the united Kingdom, and it has recently been expanded through smaller acquisitions in France, Germany, Italy and mexico.
Given that we have established operations in many countries where we have either limited or no previous presence in the electrical wire and cable or industrial fasteners end markets, we are now entering those additional end markets in more countries with minimal incremental investment. Three examples of our progress in this area include 1) investment in wire and cable sales and marketing personnel in the latin America region; 2) development of relationships with engineering, procurement and construction (EP&C) companies in Europe to expand industrial wire and cable sales on the continent; and 3) establishment
of an Asian engineering center and quality inspection lab for our OEm Supply business to support both domestic sales in China, as well as low-cost country sourcing of fasteners for the united States and Europe.
This type of expansion should also increase sales
and improve the operational leverage of our existing cost structure. It is also an opportunity to showcase our unique capabilities in being able to negotiate a deal in one country, and work with the customer’s engineers on project specifications and supply chain requirements in another country, while ultimately delivering the product in a third country. In some cases, these three countries can also be on three different continents. This strategic expansion is further evidence of our market expertise, which has proven to be an important differentiator from our competition.
Geographic Expansion
In most countries other than the united States, Canada and the united Kingdom, our presence is largely limited to the capital or primary industrial city. With an operational and legal entity structure already present in 47 other countries, there are significant expansion opportunities in some emerging-market countries, such as brazil and China, where a sales presence can be established
in additional cities for a modest incremental investment.
These additional investments will provide greater market coverage for our customers and suppliers while better leveraging our existing business support costs. We can ramp up with a largely variable cost structure until the new locations reach a volume level that supports additional fixed cost investment.
Two examples of our progress in this area include
1) investment in sales personnel in two additional cities in brazil while working with third-party logistics partners; and 2) investment in sales personnel in one additional city in China, also with third-party logistics partners, with additional cities planned throughout 2011. Finally, in December we initiated our first push into Africa, opening a location in morocco that represents an exciting new frontier for our business.
FINANCIAL REVIEW
2010 Results
Despite a relatively weak economic recovery in
2010, evidenced by low growth rates in virtually all economies around the world, we increased sales by 10 percent versus the prior year. This sales growth consists of 10 percent organic growth, excluding the 1 percent positive impact from increasing copper prices, the 1 percent positive impact of foreign exchange effects and the negative 2 percent effect of exiting a large but unprofitable customer relationship in the fourth quarter of 2009.
Our OEm Supply end market delivered the strongest organic sales growth during the year at 13 percent, as almost all customer verticals began to recover. both cabling-related businesses experienced strong growth as increased levels of customer capital project spending helped complement an improving day-to-day business. IT-related spending combined with continued robust demand for security products

 to fuel a 10 percent organic sales increase in our enterprise cabling and security products end market. The electrical and electronic wire and cable business was the last end market to experience the effects of the recession and subsequently did not begin to recover until the second quarter of 2010, resulting in an 8 percent year-on-year increase in organic sales.
After experiencing a strong decline in our European segment during most of 2009, this region exhibited the strongest organic sales improvement in 2010 at 15 percent. This growth was fueled heavily by the OEm Supply business and was especially encouraging given it came from both a recovery in legacy part sets with existing customers as well as new part sets and new customers. The north America and emerging markets segments grew organic sales by 8 percent and 11 percent respectively, with all three end markets contributing to growth in these regions.
Gross margin improved by 20 basis points during
the year. The improvement (which excludes the 2009 Venezuelan inventory revaluation charge) was a result of a richer mix of business by end market combined with increased focus on pricing and gross margin optimization initiatives.
Operating expenses continued to be managed very closely by following our model in which spending increases are pulled through by sales growth. Operating expenses were unfavorably affected by
an arbitration ruling related to a product liability claim in our OEm Supply business that required a
$20 million charge to earnings. It is worth noting that we disagreed with the result and we have appealed the ruling. Excluding the goodwill and severance charges in 2009, the previously disclosed arbitration award (see note 6 in our Form 10-K dated February 28, 2011, for a more detailed explanation of this charge) and the unfavorable foreign currency effects in 2010, an operating expense increase of 5 percent was entirely driven by volume-related variable expenses as well as higher incentive compensation expense, both related to the stronger overall business performance. As mentioned in last year’s shareholder letter, we exited 2009 well positioned to leverage our cost structure in the expected economic recovery. Consequently, operating expenses as a percent of sales dropped by 70 basis points during 2010.
The improved gross margin combined with the lower operating expense rate resulted in a 5.2 percent operating margin, which is 90 basis points better than 2009. As explained above, the gross margin, operating expense and operating margin comparisons all exclude the 2009 goodwill, severance and Venezuelan inventory revaluation charges, as well
as the 2010 arbitration award.
During 2010, we repurchased a total of $134 million of higher-cost debt in addition to repurchasing $67 million of convertible debt, which contributed to the interest expense reduction of $13 million from the prior year. Excluding from both years the impact of
charges associated with the early retirement of debt and several tax items outlined in the Form 10-K, the combined effect of lower interest expense, foreign exchange and a lower income tax rate allowed us to convert 48 percent of operating earnings to net earnings. These positive actions, combined with a lower share count, drove a very strong 75 percent improvement in diluted earnings per share (excluding all of the above-mentioned special items).
Outlook
unlike the double-digit growth experienced during the last major economic recovery of the early 2000s, we expect to continue seeing a more muted global recovery as sovereign debt issues, events in the middle East and continuing high levels of global financial leveraging weigh on improved economic performance. As such, we anticipate this will result in a sales growth rate in the high single digits in 2011. In addition, further improvements in both gross margin and operating expense rates should drive improved operating leverage again in 2011.
We also believe that the improved profitability, especially in Europe, will result in some reduction
in the effective tax rate.
If the company generates these expected levels of sales increases and improved profitability, we expect to generate strong cash flow from earnings in 2011. Similar to 2010, the modest levels of anticipated sales growth will require minimal additional working capital investments. building on two years of exceptional cash flow from operations, we expect to further improve the liquidity position of the company in the near term while maintaining the flexibility to respond to more rapid growth in the future.
In addition to benefiting from the macroeconomic improvement, we expect our growth to be fueled by our strategic growth initiatives, which include adding new products to our portfolio where appropriate; developing end-market presence in either Electrical and Electronic Wire & Cable or OEm Supply in countries where our current presence is large, but limited to only the enterprise cabling and security solutions end market; and deepening our geographic presence in high-growth countries, such as brazil and China, where our current presence is largely confined to the country’s principal business city.
In summary, we expect to drive sales growth at a faster rate than local market economic growth rates in all of our businesses and will continue to drive incremental operating earnings leverage at levels higher than our consolidated operating margin.
In addition, our strong capital structure should provide us the flexibility to support the working capital requirements of a growing top line. Even though organic growth continues to be a key to
the success of the business, it will at times be augmented with the right acquisitions based on
their strategic fit with the business and an attractive
acquisition price. Our priorities for future cash generation will continue to be short-term reduction of debt, strategic acquisitions, and when appropriate, return of capital to our shareholders.
Conclusion
Thanks to the commitment and tireless efforts of
an extremely talented team of Anixter employees,
we were able to make 2010 a very successful year for all of our stakeholders. At the same time, despite the fact that we outperformed many of our competitors, we also recognize that just as the global economy has only partially recovered from the recession, we are only part of the way toward building our business back to our pre-recession sales and earnings levels. As proud as we are with the way our global team has responded to the challenges over the last two years, we still have many opportunities to build on what is already a strong and diverse business.
We know that our shareholders, just like all investors, have choices in where to invest their resources.
We want to assure each and every shareholder
that our strong and experienced leadership team is focused on building on the accomplishments of the past year with the plans and resources in place to make the current year even better for our employees, shareholders, customers and suppliers. We thank
all of our stakeholders for their continued support and look forward to an even more successful year in 2011.
Sincerely,
SAmuEl zEll Chairman
RObERT J. ECK
President and Chief Executive Officer
DEnnIS J. lEThAm
Executive Vice President—Finance and Chief Financial Officer
   Products. Technology. Services. Delivered Globally.
