DEAR SHAREHOLDERS
REPOSITIONED AND STRENGTHENED BUSINESS
2015 was a year of significant progress. We completed a strategic repositioning of our portfolio, which began in 2014, with the acquisition of the Tri-Ed security business. As a second step, we sold our Fasteners segment in June 2015, which reduced our exposure to highly cyclical end markets and slower growing economies. Finally, in the fourth quarter of 2015, we acquired the Power Solutions business of HD Supply, marking the largest acquisition in Anixter's history. Following the closing of the Power Solutions acquisition, we renamed our historical Enterprise Cabling & Security Solutions ("ECS") segment Network & Security Solutions ("NSS"), more clearly describing the business. The low-voltage business of Power Solutions was combined into our historical Electrical and Electronic Wire & Cable ("W&C") segment to form Electrical & Electronic Solutions ("EES"), and the high-voltage business of Power Solutions forms the Utility Power Solutions ("UPS") segment, which includes all of Anixter's legacy utility business. With over $1.9 billion in annual sales, the Power Solutions acquisition advances our strategy on multiple fronts. The low- and mediumvoltage electrical product offering broadens and enhances the solutions we can provide to our legacy W&C customer base and enhances our relevance in small- and medium-sized projects, the largest segment of the market. As a result, we have significantly expanded both our customer base and total addressable market. With minimal product, customer and supplier overlap, we expect to achieve significant cross selling synergies in the EES segment. The addition of the high-voltage portion of the Power Solutions business increases the size of our utility business, creates additional opportunities and transforms Anixter into a leading provider in North America. One exciting opportunity where we are well-positioned is in providing security solutions to the utility industry, which needs to comply with new regulatory requirements to enhance substation security. Together with the 2014 Tri-Ed acquisition, we are targeting combined EBITDA synergies of $40 million by 2018. From an overall portfolio perspective, these three strategic actions shift our mix toward North America at a time of increasing uncertainty in global markets, improving the financial and investment characteristics of the business through more stable long-term revenue growth, improved working capital efficiency and higher return on capital.

THE EXTERNAL ENVIRONMENT
Over the past year, Anixter, like the global business community, encountered an unprecedented decline in commodity prices, a significantly stronger U.S. dollar, weakening emerging market growth, and growing weakness in the industrial sector. In spite of this challenging macroeconomic environment, secular growth trends in network and security infrastructure helped our NSS segment achieve strong results. Conversely, the external environment created headwinds for the EES segment. Lower copper prices and the stronger U.S. dollar combined to create a nearly $300 million unfavorable impact to reported sales, with a disproportionate impact in the EES segment. Initially largely contained to the oil, gas and mining-related end markets, the severely weakened demand rippled across the broader industrial and manufacturing economy as the year progressed. As a result, we experienced a difficult year in our EES segment, and slower growth than we had expected in the newly acquired UPS segment. Geographically, we delivered organic growth in every region of the world where we conduct business. Our highest growth was in EMEA, reflecting strong growth with global accounts in Europe and in our small, but successful, Middle East business. We had slight organic growth in our emerging markets geographies in spite of extremely difficult underlying economic conditions such as in Brazil, as our global capabilities continue to enable us to win business. In light of persistent slow global growth and challenging external dynamics, we took restructuring steps in the second quarter following the sale of the Fasteners business. As business conditions weakened further in the second half of the year, we took further actions in the fourth quarter to ensure our cost structure is aligned with business conditions. In addition, we have a continued focus on margin improvement and working capital efficiency, both presenting opportunities for improvement from today's levels.

OUR COMPETITIVE DIFFERENTIATORS
As we look at our overall strategy and business model, our competitive differentiators -- unparalleled global capabilities, technical and engineering expertise and supply chain services -- continue to drive value for customers around the world, as evidenced by the success we achieved this past year with our global customers including both U.S.-based and nonU.S.-based multinationals. Leveraging these core competencies, we constantly strive to increase the value we provide our supplier partners as well, acting as an extension of their marketing and business development efforts. Focusing on our technical expertise and Supply Chain Solutions, we continue to develop unique and scalable solutions, designed to help customers reduce costs, complexities and risk. We are proud to foster a culture of innovation, illustrated recently in our TrakrTM technology. This technology tracks cable reels and other large, high-value products as they move through the supply chain, increasing the material handling efficiency and reducing the risk of loss or theft for suppliers, customers and ourselves.

STRONG FINANCIAL STRENGTH AND FLEXIBILITY
A hallmark of Anixter's model is our ability to achieve significant operating income leverage in times of growth while allowing us to flex down and generate significant cash flow in difficult times. We have a long history of creating shareholder value through opportunistic capital allocation strategies utilizing a combination of special dividends and share repurchases. We are proud of our record of returning over 50 percent of our free cash to shareholders over the past 20 years. While our near-term goal is to return our leverage to our targeted range, we remain steadfastly committed to our long-term philosophy of shareholder-friendly capital returns. We believe this enables us to be able to deliver shareholder value throughout the economic cycle.

INSPIRING TOMORROW'S ENGINEERS TODAY Recognizing that tomorrow's workforce needs scientists, technology experts, engineers and mathematicians, Anixter teamed up with the Kohl Children's Museum in Glenview, IL, to inspire children via its Tinkering Tuesday program. Anixter's engineers and technical experts designed and developed the interactive learning activities. Children learned about electronics and various video technologies.

EXCELLENCE IN EXECUTION
As we look forward to 2016, our top priority is integrating our acquisitions and executing on synergies and other initiatives to drive profitable growth regardless of the external environment. Excellence in execution will continue to be a primary focus across our organization, with efficiency and high performance delivering strong results. The rigorous project management discipline that we have applied to our acquisition integration illustrates this approach. Excellence in execution by our project management team helped us deliver 2015 Tri-Ed EBITDA synergies above our $5 million goal, and it is an important component in ensuring success in achieving our overall synergy goals. In order to communicate our repositioned and strengthened business, including our synergy opportunities and financial outlook, we hosted an investor day in November. Based on our expectations for the long-term growth rates of our end markets, we established the goal of 4­6% long-term organic growth.

OUR VALUE PROPOSITION: CUSTOMERS, SUPPLIERS, EMPLOYEES AND SHAREHOLDERS
Finally, as we reflect on our business, strategy, and financial goals, we believe we offer a compelling shareholder value proposition, resulting from the value we provide our suppliers and customers, underpinned by a financially strong and capital efficient business model. We recognize that 2015 was a challenging year for Anixter, as it was for our entire sector. We thank you for your support, and look forward to a new year as we strive to deliver value to all of our stakeholders. Sincerely,

Samuel Zell Chairman

OUR PEOPLE, CULTURE AND VALUES
We are proud of our team, and we would like to highlight some recent changes to our executive management team. After a distinguished career spanning over 40 years at Anixter, we thank Giulio Berardesca for his many contributions including his senior leadership and executive oversight of the former W&C business. As part of a long-term succession plan, Bob Graham stepped into this role as Executive Vice President of the EES segment. We also welcome John Tisera, Executive Vice President of UPS and the newest member of our executive team, who joined us with the Power Solutions acquisition. Robert J. Eck President and Chief Executive Officer

BUILDING DREAMS In 2015, Anixter continued its support during Habitat for Humanity's year-long Building On! event to help transform the lives of new homeowners. In all, Anixter employees built homes in five communities around the Chicagoland area throughout the year.

ANIXTER CARES
We are proud to extend our culture and values through Anixter Cares into the communities where employees and customers work and live. We teamed up with organizations including Habitat for Humanity, American Red Cross and Kohl Children's Museum to improve lives, provide knowledge, invest time and generate donations around the world.

Theodore A. Dosch Executive Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer

