DEAR SHAREHOLDERS
CELEBRATING 60 YEARS Sixty years ago, the Anixter brothers started a business that would ultimately change the electrical wire and cable industry. With the basic concept of providing customers the types of services they needed, beginning with shorter lead times and quantities that the customers specified, Anixter began its journey to become the leading global distributor of electrical wire and cable. Today, Anixter's business model is differentiated by our unmatched global footprint, customized supply chain solutions, and industry-leading technical expertise, and has grown to an $8-billion business. With nearly 9,000 employees, operating in approximately 50 countries across the globe, we are well-positioned for future growth. 2017 IN REVIEW Gradually improving economic growth in all major geographies provided a stable backdrop for Anixter. Led by our emerging markets geography and the Utility Power Solutions (UPS) segment, we grew revenue across all segments and geographies. Our Network & Security Solutions (NSS) segment, which represents over 50 percent of sales, continues to benefit from the significant global infrastructure investment necessary to support the data-driven economy. We have expanded our position beyond the network infrastructure business into faster growing, increasingly IP-enabled markets, such as security, wireless and professional audio and video. Technology evolution, including growth in mobility, power over ethernet and cloud services, all create opportunities for our business. Our Electrical & Electronic Solutions (EES) segment, which represents nearly a third of sales, returned to organic growth in 2017, after two years of organic sales declines caused by weak energy and industrial markets. We continue to experience strong performance with our OEM customers and synergistic growth with sales of our low-voltage products, such as lighting, transformers and switchgear. As anticipated, in the fourth quarter we experienced a healthy recovery in the industrial side of the business as well. Consistent with our synergy strategy, we are expanding our product portfolio globally as we continue to strengthen our strategic alignment with electrical product suppliers. Finally, our Utility Power Solutions segment, which represents approximately 20 percent of sales, had a very strong year, with broad-based growth. In addition to serving a new customer that is one of the largest investor-owned utilities (IOU) in the country, we delivered strong growth with both existing IOU and public power customers. Our focus on strategic supplier relationships and demonstrating the value Anixter can bring to the utility supply chain resulted in new business wins and a robust pipeline of new opportunities, solidifying our platform for growth with utility customers. Following the transformative acquisitions we made in 2014 and 2015, we remain focused on integration. We exited 2017 exceeding our synergy goals, which include delivering over $40 million in cumulative EBITDA synergies by 2018. Our financial position is strong, as we remain relentlessly focused on driving efficiency in financial management of the business. Ongoing improvements in working capital management helped fuel cash flow from operations of $184 million in 2017. Consistent with our stated capital allocation priorities of returning to target debt levels, we reduced our debt-to-capital ratio to 46 percent, well within our target range of 45 to 50 percent. Returning to our leverage targets provides us with financial flexibility to grow the business organically, pursue acquisitions that address product, technology or geographic gaps in the business, and finally, return excess cash to shareholders. Industry-wide, challenges in 2017 included lower levels of capital investment in North America and gross margin pressure, both a result of the slow recovery in industrial markets. In addition, the impact of e-commerce on the industrial distribution industry was a topic of concern for some. However, as we have always noted, our business model is highly service oriented and includes very extensive e-business capabilities, including online purchasing, custom system integration and inventory management systems, such as our patented Anixter TrakrTM. In a customer survey, over 90 percent of customers told us they prefer to purchase Anixter products and services through multiple channels, ranging from a highly consultative approach to an online transaction. Our intent is to be available to our customers however they want to interact with us, whether that is placing a single order online or contracting to outsource their entire supply chain.

At Anixter, we are proud to extend our culture and values through Anixter Cares, our internal charitable donations program. In 2017, over 100 Anixter employees once again volunteered with Habitat for Humanity on a total of 16 projects throughout the Chicago, New York and Orlando communities to help build affordable homes for families in need.

2018 PRIORITIES Moving into 2018, our focus remains on execution. We constantly strive to grow faster than our end markets, while at the same time adding value to both our customer and supplier partners to improve our gross margin. We have a distribution network optimization initiative underway, with the goals of better serving customers, improving our efficiency and lowering overall costs. We also continue to evolve our service model, transacting with our customers however they choose. We continue to develop our e-commerce and digital marketing capabilities, while further investing in our technology and data analytics capabilities. With an adjusted effective tax rate approaching 40 percent in 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will positively impact Anixter, providing additional capital to invest in innovation, our technology platform, organic and inorganic growth and shareholder-friendly actions. The tax reform will also provide a boost to capital investment by our customers which may provide a catalyst for faster growth in North America. Additionally, prospects for increased investment in infrastructure and reduced regulation should positively impact Anixter and our customers. DIFFERENTIATED PLATFORM While the recently acquired businesses expand Anixter's product offering, increase our customer and supplier base, broaden our end-market exposure and significantly expand the markets we serve, we also believe our differentiated platform is the right business model for the current environment. As supply chain efficiency becomes increasingly important to our customers, our ability to lower costs, complexity and risk becomes commensurately valuable. We believe our value proposition is unique and our business model is resilient. 60 YEARS OF PUTTING PEOPLE FIRST: THE BLUE BOOK CULTURE Our successes would not be possible without the nearly 9,000 associates across the globe working to provide world-class support to our customers and suppliers. As we grow our team in markets across the world, the Blue Book continues to guide our philosophy and values. The principles of the Blue Book put people first and hold us to a high standard of performance with an uncompromising approach to ethics. Our business is committed to corporate responsibility, promoting responsible business practices at every level of the company and expecting the same of all of our employees and business partners. Through our corporate sustainability program, we seek to reduce the environmental impacts associated with energy, waste, materials, natural resources and transportation. We are proud to be in a business

that supports the sustainability goals of our customers as we strive to improve the efficiency of their supply chains. Please refer to our Corporate Responsibility Report on anixter.com for further information. We are also proud to extend our culture and values through Anixter Cares, a program that combines our philanthropic work with the increasing desire of our employees to give back in the communities where they work and live. In addition to providing time off for employees to volunteer at a non-profit organization of their choice and providing matching donations for higher education and partner charities, we continue to team up with organizations, including Habitat for Humanity, Bernie's Book Bank, American Cancer Society and Feed My Starving Children, to transform lives and improve the communities in which we operate. There is no better example of our "people come first" culture than the way our people came together this year to support the hurricane relief and recovery efforts. The devastating 2017 hurricanes affected many communities where our employees, customers and suppliers live and work. In addition to ensuring the safety of our employees, we helped our customers and employees who were directly impacted by hurricanes and other natural disasters, by providing food, shelter and immediate financial assistance to those most impacted. We also utilized our logistics teams and distribution networks to help distribute supplies and thousands of meals to utility workers, supporting crews from all over the country who were participating in the hurricane recovery efforts. We were pleased to support a number of the communities that were impacted, utilizing our distribution network and access to products to contribute on a humanitarian level to the massive recovery efforts across the southeast, and Gulf region of the U.S., the Caribbean and Mexico. LEADERSHIP UPDATE Turning to our senior leadership, Ted Dosch, chief financial officer, was honored by Financial Executives International, Chicago Chapter, as public company CFO of the Year®. The award recognized Mr. Dosch as a senior financial leader who has made distinguished contributions to Anixter. In July 2017, the Board promoted Bill Galvin to president and chief operating officer. With over 30 years of experience with Anixter, Mr. Galvin has served in a variety of leadership positions within Anixter, most recently as executive vice president of the Network & Security Solutions segment. In February of 2018, the Board announced the retirement of Bob Eck, who has served as CEO since July 2008, and the appointment of Mr. Galvin to chief executive officer, both effective July 1, 2018. The Board also nominated Mr. Galvin to the Board of Directors.

Under Mr. Eck's leadership, Anixter repositioned the business to become the global leader in the network infrastructure and security solutions, electrical and electronic wire and cable solutions, and utility power solutions markets. In addition, Mr. Eck strengthened Anixter's competitive advantages, including its global capabilities, technical expertise, and supply chain solutions. During Mr. Eck's tenure as CEO, which included both stable and challenging economic times, Anixter achieved tremendous growth in sales, profitability and shareholder returns. Mr. Eck led the transformation of the business through a series of strategic transactions, and we are pleased that he will continue to serve on our Board of Directors, allowing Anixter to continue benefiting from his many years of company and industry experience. CONCLUSION Anixter's ultimate goal is to create superior returns for our shareholders while building a sustainable business that benefits all of our stakeholders. With leading positions in large, growing and fragmented markets, we have a strong customer and supplier value proposition, supported by a strong financial position and healthy corporate culture that positions us for success. While we were disappointed in our stock performance in 2017, strong full year financial results drove a recovery in our stock in early 2018. We are optimistic that 2018 will be a year of accelerating sales growth, improved profitability, and strong free cash flow, which in turn will create value for all stakeholders. Sincerely,

Samuel Zell Chairman

Robert J. Eck Chief Executive Officer

William A. Galvin President and Chief Operating Officer

Theodore A. Dosch Executive Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer

