        below:
AAM’s first all-wheel-drive (AWD) system - including power transfer units (PTUs), three- piece driveshafts and rear drive modules (RDMs) is featured on the 2010 AWD Cadillac SRX luxury crossover.
LETTER TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
In last year’s annual report, we described 2008 as “the most difficult and demanding year” in the history of American Axle & Manufacturing (AAM). Little could we have imagined that just 12 months later we would be looking back on a year that was even more challenging. 2009 brought an economic adjustment whose impact continues to be felt globally, nationally, industry-wide
and throughout AAM. We witnessed the historic bankruptcies of two of the three major U.S. OEMs, and the bankruptcies and liquidations of hundreds of automotive suppliers.
As difficult and punishing as 2009 was, by year’s end there were definite signs of recovery and hope for the global economy, the automotive industry and AAM. General Motors (GM) and Chrysler received lifelines from the U.S. Government and returned to operation after successfully emerging from bankruptcy reorganization. AAM fought its way through these difficulties as we worked to preserve value for our stockholders and other stakeholders. Through a series of extremely difficult but necessary actions, we positioned AAM to begin its business recovery process. AAM secured a number of major commercial agreements and financial arrangements that allowed us to complete our critical Restructure, Resize and Profit Recovery (RRR) business plan.
AAM returned to profitability in the third quarter of 2009! This was a key goal for the year and a positive turning point for
AAM. We are now focused on continued profitability and a return to positive free cash flow generation while looking ahead to our mid-range and long-range objectives of diversifying and profitably growing the business. Our company is intensely focused on “Driving Performance.” AAM is projecting sales to nearly double from $1.5 billion in 2009 to approximately $3.0 billion by 2013. This sales projection is based on the anticipated launch schedule for AAM’s new and incremental business backlog and the assumption that the U.S. Seasonally Adjusted Annualized Rate (SAAR) of sales will grow from approximately 10.4 million vehicles in 2009 to a range of 13 to 14 million vehicles by 2013.
Unprecedented Turmoil in the North American Auto Industry
The global recession that stretched from the end of 2007
to the end of 2009 caused one of the most difficult market
and economic upheavals America has seen since the Great Depression (1930s). As a result of this prolonged recession, the North American automotive industry experienced an implosion that spanned 2008 and 2009.
The U.S. SAAR dropped from 16.2 million units in 2007 to
13.2 million units in 2008 to 10.4 million units in 2009. North American light vehicle production was down approximately 36 percent on a year-over-year basis in 2009! GM, Chrysler and Ford Motor Company saw their combined market share fall from 48 percent in 2008 to 44 percent in 2009.
The turmoil within the industry and consumers’ concerns about the economy led the way to the unprecedented bankruptcies
of Chrysler on April 30, 2009 and GM on June 1, 2009. Many automotive suppliers, both large and small, were forced into Chapter 11 bankruptcy at the rate of one or more per week, while some were simply liquidated and vanished. Also, GM
and Chrysler eliminated two thousand of their auto dealerships. Compounding these difficult operating environments, GM and Chrysler each implemented an unplanned extended summer shutdown. The extended summer shutdowns and inventory correction programs at GM and Chrysler essentially halted AAM’s North American operations from May through July
   2

  2009 ANNUAL REPORT
2009. In addition, the delayed model build out and new model year launches of our key customers further exacerbated an already difficult operating environment. These unprecedented circumstances resulted in a rapid, major reduction in orders for our products. This caused AAM sales to plummet from $2.1 billion in 2008 to $1.5 billion in 2009, a 28 percent reduction.
This sudden and major loss in revenue and profits for AAM, combined with a huge cash runoff, triggered an acceleration of cash-out obligations for United Auto Workers (UAW) represented associates at certain of AAM’s U.S. manufacturing facilities.
As a result, AAM’s balance sheet and liquidity position rapidly deteriorated, causing us to initiate discussions with certain of our stakeholders about our business going forward.
Preservation of Value — The Right Choice for AAM
With critical events unfolding rapidly, AAM’s management team needed to take action quickly to protect the viability, sustainability and overall future of our business. With “preservation of value”
as the major objective, our senior management team, with the support of AAM’s Board of Directors, customers, financing institutions and other creditors, made the crucial decision to take the necessary steps to complete our restructuring outside of the bankruptcy process.
On September 16, 2009, with the best interests of all stakeholders of the company in mind, AAM entered into
a number of major commercial agreements and financial arrangements with GM and our lenders. Through these agreements, AAM solidified our liquidity position and gained access to approximately $300 million of new liquidity to meet our ongoing needs over the next 18 to 24 months. These agreements also provided AAM with long-term contract clarity on a global scale and allowed us to secure our commercial relationship with our largest customer for the next decade.
As a result of these combined actions, AAM’s management team accomplished several critical objectives. Our company avoided the unnecessary cost, disruption and value destruction that would have resulted from undergoing the bankruptcy process. We preserved the significant value inherent in AAM's unparalleled manufacturing and engineering expertise and operating excellence. These agreements also enabled us to
preserve over $1.0 billion of enterprise value for AAM’s many key stakeholders. AAM’s management team and Board of Directors retain exclusive, autonomous control of AAM. No changes have been made to AAM’s management or Board governance structure as a result of these agreements. This will enable AAM to continue to focus on product, process and systems technology advancement, while continuing to expand our new business backlog.
Restructure, Resize and Profit
Recovery Plan
In 2009, AAM successfully completed the comprehensive, multi-year plan to transition our business to meet current and projected levels of customer demand and market requirements. This plan included workforce reductions, capacity rationalization actions, working capital initiatives, operational improvements and SG&A reductions, along with localization and globalization of manufacturing, engineering and supply.
To best serve our market and customers globally, AAM
adjusted capacity throughout the world. This included idling, consolidating, transferring and, in some cases, closing production capacity. In all, we reduced AAM’s production capacity by 80 percent in the U.S. while more than doubling our installed capacity in our manufacturing facilities outside of the U.S. We also made the difficult decision to resize our workforce. This process resulted in the reduction of 4,500 AAM positions over the past two years — 3,500 unionized production workers and 1,000 salaried positions. This was done in order to align the workforce to the new business conditions and market demand.
AAM’s RRR plan initiated actions to reduce our fixed operating costs by more than 50 percent since 2007. It also helped AAM achieve another crucial business objective for the year and a company milestone — we slashed our operating breakeven level from 14,000 axles per day to 6,000 axles per day. This
is equivalent to a U.S. SAAR of approximately 10 million vehicle units.
AAM’s major RRR initiatives resulted in significant, permanent and structural cost reductions that have contributed to our return to profitability. The second half of 2009 was a turning point for AAM, with both the third and fourth quarters being profitable.
  3

  AAM’s $1.0 billion* new and incremental business backlog
will re-shape AAM’s product portfolio and geographic presence.
Backlog Sales by Vehicle Segment
To accelerate the improvement of our capital structure, AAM entered the credit and equity markets in December 2009 and successfully refinanced approximately $725 million of debt and sold 16.1 million shares of our publicly traded stock with net proceeds of approximately $110 million. The equity and debt refinancing transactions extend the maturities of certain debt obligations while improving our overall liquidity position. Our first significant debt maturity is in 2013. Most importantly, this solidifies AAM’s financial sustainability and positions AAM to grow into our capital structure and reduce our leverage.
With our comprehensive, multi-year restructuring complete, AAM can continue to emphasize our outstanding track record of operational excellence and product advancements. We will do this while focusing on accelerating progress on two critical business objectives—strengthening our balance sheet and diversifying and profitably growing our global business.
Our New and Incremental
Business Backlog
AAM continues to differentiate itself in ways that are helping to expand our business backlog. More than ever in the history of AAM, our leading-edge product technology is creating business opportunities.
Our ability to meet market competitive global requirements in key areas — quality, manufacturing, engineering, sourcing, cost structure, logistics and operational flexibility — is attracting new business and new customers. Our efforts have earned us a new and incremental business backlog totaling approximately $1.0 billion for programs launching in the years 2010-2014. Nearly 50 percent of this new business backlog is for passenger cars and crossover vehicles with our exciting new product technology. Approximately 70 percent of our new business backlog is for end markets outside of the United States.
Calendar year 2010 marks the largest single year of sales launch in our $1.0 billion new and incremental business backlog. Many of these new programs launched in the second half of 2009 and will reach full production rates in 2010. We estimate these new business launches, two-thirds of which are non-GM programs, will result in approximately $300 million of sales, as we grow our revenue in 2010.
AAM Expands Operations in Growth Markets Around the Globe
To optimize AAM’s regional cost competitiveness in global growth markets, AAM’s manufacturing footprint continues to expand. AAM now has 22 plants and 11 technical and business centers in 13 countries on four continents. A number of the 28 new product, process or facility launches scheduled in 2010 are “global” in nature. For example, AAM products for a future, all- new midsize global light truck program for GM will be produced at our manufacturing facilities on three continents—Asia, North America and South America.
North America — AAM continues to invest in our market cost competitive locations in the U.S., such as our Three Rivers Manufacturing Facility (TRMF) which launched new business
for Mack Trucks, Inc. in 2009. We continued to expand our Metal Formed Products business in the U.S., which now includes our Oxford Forge, DieTronik, AccuGear, MSP and Colfor operations. Additional investment in North America includes the further expansion of our Rochester Hills, Michigan Technical Center and the establishment of a new regional manufacturing facility in Lancaster, Pennsylvania to support our commercial vehicle business.
Driveline products supporting the next-generation full-size heavy duty truck from GM are set to launch in 2010 at TRMF and
our Guanajuato Manufacturing Complex (GMC) in Mexico, with support from other AAM locations. Our Mexico operations will also launch driveline products for a full-size van application for our newest driveline customer, Nissan.
South America — AAM’s Araucária Manufacturing Facility in Brazil has evolved from a machined components operation to
a full driveline system provider. After a successful launch of AAM’s first fully-designed cross groove style constant velocity joints (CVJs) for passenger car driveshafts in 2009, the facility successfully launched driveline products supporting a new global light truck program for Volkswagen AG.
Europe — AAM is in the process of moving its European headquarters from Bad Homburg, Germany to Swidnica, Poland. In 2010, the Swidnica facility will begin production of the next generation of transmission differentials that we are currently manufacturing for Volkswagen’s premier division, Audi AG.
 Pass Car / CUV 45.4%
Commercial Vehicle 8.2%
Light Truck N.A. 19.6%
Light Truck Global
26.4%
Metal Forming 0.4%
  Backlog Sales by Manufacturing Location
U.S. 18.7%
Mexico 29.2%
Europe 4.3%
*as of February 5, 2010
 China 20.2%
Brazil 21.3%
Thailand 3.4%
   India 2.9%
  4

   2009 ANNUAL REPORT
In the United Kingdom, we continue to rationalize AAM’s Albion Automotive subsidiary. The Glasgow, Scotland location has been right-sized into a regional assembly and limited component manufacturing facility.
Asia — AAM’s joint venture in Hefei, China is off to a successful start. After operating profitably in 2009, the Hefei-AAM Manufacturing Facility is now exploring growth opportunities for the expanding China market. During 2009, AAM’s Changshu Manufacturing Facility added gear and component machining capabilities to support customer programs that diversify our customer base and product portfolio. In mid-2010, construction of AAM’s facility in Rayong, Thailand will restart to prepare for the 2011 launch of components for a future, all-new midsize global light truck program from GM.
India — AAM continues to earn and seek new business with OEMs in India, including Tata Motors, Mahindra Navistar Automotives Ltd. (MNAL), Ashok Leyland, Daimler Truck and others, as we develop a reliable regional supply base. AAM’s manufacturing facility in Pantnagar, India is currently in full launch execution mode, providing axles to support multiple light commercial vehicle programs for Tata Motors and their Tata Ace trucks. The construction of our Pune plant will soon be completed in preparation for a commercial vehicle axle program for MNAL that will launch in the second quarter of 2010.
AAM’s Product Portfolio Meets the Needs
of the World Market
Supplying a steady stream of new products to meet today’s global automotive market requirements is allowing AAM to secure new business and new customers throughout the world. AAM is continually expanding, diversifying and modernizing our world-class product portfolio. Today, we offer driveline and other drivetrain product applications for passenger cars, crossover vehicles, light trucks and SUVs, as well as a range of commercial vehicles through Classes 4-8.
right:
AAM rear beam axles, manufactured at our Araucária, Brazil facility, contribute to the reliable all-terrain performance of Volkswagen AG’s new Amarok pickup for the global market.
In 2009, AAM successfully launched product technology applications that included independent rear drive axles (IRDAs) for the iconic Chevrolet Camaro, a program that gained us re-entry into the U.S. passenger car market. We also launched the first full application of the AAM AWD system for the high- volume crossover Cadillac SRX program. This includes AAM PTUs, three-piece driveshafts and RDMs. The tandem drive axle we supply for Mack Trucks, Inc. represents both a new customer and our entry into the North American commercial vehicle market. For the light commercial markets in India and South America, we launched AAM’s new banjo design rear axles for Tata and MNAL. AAM electronic differentials, a recent addition to our product portfolio, currently provide a solid foundation for our business strategy expansions in Central and Eastern Europe.
Technology Innovations in Sync with
Green Initiatives
The “push to green” in the auto industry has never been greater than it is today. OEMs are rapidly and radically changing their long-range product plans to meet new U.S. Corporate Average Fuel Economy (CAFE) standards proposed in 2009, which become effective by 2016. All of this is being done to accelerate reductions in greenhouse-gas emissions and improve fuel economy and efficiencies.
Minimizing our impact on the environment
is a top priority at AAM. Our proactive environmental efforts are coupled with our proprietary drivetrain technologies. EcoTracTM – AAM’s green brand, encompasses our environmental projects, technologies and manufacturing advancements
that result in environmental and efficiency gains. It includes AAM’s AWD system engineered
for optimized fuel economy and our multiple initiatives in designing, engineering and manufacturing efficient axle technology.
                          5

  above:
AAM's supply of the tandem drive axle for Mack Trucks, Inc. marks our entry into the North American commercial vehicle market.
AAM has long been committed to the development of high- performance engineered products that focus on fuel economy, emissions reduction and environmental improvements. Many of the products we are launching currently have been designed with these requirements in mind. In addition, AAM is currently conducting customer demonstrations internationally featuring AWD technology that will significantly improve vehicle
fuel economy.
As the auto industry undergoes an “electrification” process, OEMs are working to bring gas-electric hybrids and electric vehicles to market. AAM is developing a family of electronically driven driveline systems for this growth-oriented and expanding vehicle segment.
Driving Performance, Building Value
We greatly appreciate the support, confidence and consideration AAM received from our stockholders and other key stakeholders in 2009 as we finalized the commercial agreements and financing arrangements that helped us preserve value in our company. Our senior management thanks all associates for their assistance in helping AAM make it through this most difficult and challenging period. Their efforts enabled our organization
to achieve significant structural cost savings and a critical improvement in liquidity.
For his many years of service and dedication, we thank Yogendra N. Rahangdale, AAM’s Vice Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, and congratulate him on his retirement. AAM also thanks outgoing Board of Directors member John A. Casesa for his contributions. We welcome new Board members Salvatore J. Bonanno, Sr. and David C. Dauch, AAM’s President & Chief Operating Officer.
As AAM moves ahead, our sights are set firmly on the future. We will continue to have a healthy respect for the past. Through our commitment to “Driving Performance,” we are focused on managing the things we can control. We will drive operational performance, excellence and new product creativity — all signature AAM traits that have served us well in differentiating our company from the competition. “Driving Performance” to generate positive free cash flow and strengthen our balance sheet and capital structure is a critical priority as we build value for our many stockholders and stakeholders.
AAM is a dynamic, driven and competitive company. The current global market will sustain a finite number of OEMs and Tier One automotive suppliers. We are committed to being at the forefront of the world’s driveline and drivetrain suppliers. Our company is now reorganized, restructured, reenergized and fully prepared
to capitalize on global market opportunities. The plan to return AAM to viability, profitability and sustainability is in motion and off to a solid start. Our passion for excellence, desire to win and sense of urgency burn as brightly today as they did on March 1, 1994. We are focused on the future!
Richard E. Dauch
Co-Founder, Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer
  6
