 There is one word that can describe 2017:
TRANSFORMATIONAL.
  2
During the last 12 months, we transformed AAM.
We are larger, stronger and more diversified. We have new customers in new markets. We advanced key products that will revolutionize the propulsion of future vehicles. And we did this all while maintaining our world-class quality, operational excellence and customer satisfaction.
But we aren’t stopping there. We are looking forward to another year of outstanding results, further integration and significant product launches. 2018 is shaping up to be our best year yet.
DAVID C. DAUCH
Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer
  
 POWERING TRANSFORMATION
  AAM Locations
 In early April 2017, AAM completed the acquisition of Metaldyne Performance Group, Inc. (MPG). This historic acquisition combined two complementary businesses into a global, premier Tier 1 automotive supplier with enhanced size, scale and financial profile.
AAM now consists of four business units – Driveline, Metal Forming, Powertrain and Casting – and has more than 90 facilities in 17 countries with more than 25,000 associates. Collectively, our business units are providing customers comprehensive mobility solutions from engine to driveline on a global basis.
When we announced the acquisition, we said the combination would help us speed the diversification of several key areas including customer base, product portfolio, global footprint, vehicle segment and end markets. In
less than a year since closing, AAM is already reaping significant benefits from this transaction. We reduced
the sales concentration of our largest customer from 67% to 42% by the end of 2017. We have significantly increased our sales in Europe and Asia. And approximately 10% of our sales were related to non-automotive segments such as commercial vehicle, agricultural and industrial markets.
We’ve also been successful in attaining cost reduction synergies as a result of the acquisition. While we still have work to do, we are very pleased with the progress we’ve made and, as of the end of January 2018, we are already at a $73 million annualized synergy run rate since the completion of the MPG acquisition.
We initially targeted an annual cost reduction synergy run rate of $100 million to $120 million by the end of the second full year following our integration activities and, based on our early successes, we have revised our target to the higher end of this range.
One thing is evident from the successes and achievements we have had in the short time since the acquisition – we are truly better together.
3

  POWERING FINANCIAL STRENGTH
As we expected, 2017 proved to be another strong production environment for AAM. Light vehicle production was very healthy in North America and grew in Asia and Europe. Crossover vehicles, SUV
and full-size trucks – all key AAM vehicle segments – continued to see strong consumer demand and increased market share globally. We also benefited from strong commercial vehicle and industrial market demand during the year.
By the end of the year, AAM reported outstanding and record-breaking financial results in 2017. Full year sales were $6.3 billion and our gross profit topped $1.1 billion. Our profitability throughout the year shows the power of our increasing diversification and our continued ability to deliver strong performance despite planned customer downtime as our customers prepared for product changeovers of key programs.
AAM’s operating performance and profitability drove record cash flow from operations of $647 million. This cash flow generation is funding capital and R&D investments for future growth and product development and allowed us to prepay $200 million of debt nearly two years early. As part of the acquisition, we targeted a deleveraging plan on both a gross and net-debt basis and we have begun to deliver on our plan. We expect this progress to continue in 2018 as we look to further strengthening AAM’s financial profile through continued profitability and cash flow generation.
Sales
(in billions)
Operating Income
Cash from Operations
(in millions)
  4
$3.95
$408
2016
2017
2016 2017 2016
2017
$6.27
(in millions) $543
$381
$647

 POWER TO OUR CUSTOMERS
   AAM had a substantial number of new launches during 2017. We launched 75 products and projects including our EcoTrac® disconnecting all-wheel drive (AWD) systems on a global vehicle platform with General Motors, power transfer units with Ford for a crossover vehicle program in China and several global launches with multiple customers in our Powertrain and Metal Forming business units focused on products supporting high-speed transmissions and downsized engines.
During 2017, we prepared to launch our e-AAMTM hybrid and electric driveline technology and celebrated our second e-AAMTM win with another global OEM. Production of these advanced electrification systems for a fully electric AWD crossover vehicle will begin in 2018 in Europe. Electrification is a significant focus at AAM and we look forward to advancing electrified solutions with other customers in Asia, Europe and North America in the future.
We continue to win new business with a diversified customer base. AAM’s gross new and incremental business launching from 2018-2020 is about $1.5 billion in future annual sales. Additionally, we continue to work on significant opportunities for 2020 and beyond.
These opportunities span all of our business units, are globally diverse and heavily concentrated on our advanced innovative mobility solutions.
This year, AAM was honored to receive several significant quality and operational excellence awards from several global customers including General Motors, Ford, FCA, Mercedes-Benz and Jaguar Land Rover. Additionally, AAM received GM’s Supplier of the Year Award for consistently exceeding GM’s expectations and creating outstanding value. We are incredibly honored to receive this distinguished award.
5

 POWERING FORWARD
   6
Looking forward, we expect another outstanding year in 2018. Most analysts project another record year for global light vehicle production. In the U.S., many important macroeconomic indicators, such as consumer confidence and employment levels, remain strong as does the demand for AAM’s core vehicle segments of trucks, SUVs and crossovers. Globally, we have been growing in new markets and we continue to target new customers in Europe, China and South America. Approximately 40 percent of our new business backlog is in markets outside of North America. In 2018, we will launch a number of critical programs for AAM across the globe and we look forward to working with our customers to make sure our launches are flawless
and anonymous.
On the advanced engineering side we continue to develop technologies that are lighter, smarter, greener, more connected and more power-dense. The revenues driven by our successful EcoTrac® disconnecting AWD systems will continue to grow as we launch another global program utilizing this technology with our third customer in 2018. Meanwhile, we start production on our next-generation EcoTrac® products, which further improve fuel efficiency.

We expect to continue to advance our QUANTUMTM driveline technology. This family of lightweight axles and drive units significantly reduces mass and increases fuel economy and efficiency without sacrificing performance. We are actively collaborating with multiple customers on future QUANTUMTM solutions to assist them in meeting more stringent mass reduction and fuel efficiency targets.
AAM also continues to enhance and further develop our hybrid and fully electric driveline solutions. Although there are differing opinions on how fast electrified vehicles will capture a significant share of the market, there is no doubt that the electric and hybrid vehicle market will continue to grow globally as consumer preferences and government regulations shift in favor of electrified vehicles. Just as we are a leader in supplying solutions for traditional internal combustion vehicles, AAM’s technology, manufacturing capabilities and systems integration expertise are set to lead the market for electric drive units and ensure AAM’s relevance well into the future. We look forward to supporting our global customers as they focus on alternative propulsion systems to assist them in meeting the challenges of rigorous fuel economy and CO2 emissions regulations and evolving consumer demand.
During 2018, we will celebrate our first full year as a combined company and continue our efforts on integration and synergy attainment. We firmly believe that disciplined execution of our business plan will deliver profitable growth and substantial cash flow generation, a stronger financial profile and increased shareholder value. We are proud of what we have accomplished and believe the future is even brighter for AAM.
Thank you for your loyal and continued support of AAM.
David C. Dauch
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
  7
