 2
To Our Shareholders
David C. Dauch
Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer

        $3.7 $3.2
$1.85 $1.23
      2013
2014 2015
2013 2014 2015
$3.9 $377.6 $318.4
$223.0
2013 2014 2015
$3.02
  AAM had an outstanding year in 2015. On the strength of North American light vehicle production volumes and our solid operational performance, AAM achieved record sales and record gross profit for the year. For the three-year period between 2013 and 2015, AAM’s compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of sales has been over 10%, with a CAGR of nearly 20% for our non-GM sales. This growth is significantly faster than the CAGR of the US Seasonally Adjusted Annual Rate (SAAR) of sales and North American light vehicle production during that same time period.
Our growing sales and solid operational performance resulted in increased business diversification, record profitability and strong operating cash flow generation in 2015. This has allowed AAM to continue supporting organic growth initiatives through capital expenditures and critical research and development investments. In addition, AAM voluntarily elected to prepay our Term Loan – three years in advance of its scheduled maturity in 2018. By prioritizing organic growth and debt reduction over the last several years, we are achieving our long-standing financial plan and have meaningfully strengthened our balance sheet.
3
Sales (in billions)
Cash from Operations (in millions)
Earnings per Share

 Delivering POWER AAM has a reputation as an innovative and efficient global
automotive supplier and systems integrator of driveline solutions. Propelling us past the competition, our success is the direct result of AAM’s steadfast commitment, year after year, to focusing on what matters most to you — our valued stakeholders.
At AAM, we strive every day, and in everything we do, to Deliver POWER.
We remain strongly committed to Delivering the POWER of quality, producing the most reliable and durable products in our market. We are dedicated to Delivering the POWER of innovation in our research and development of cutting-edge technologies that enhance passenger safety and vehicle performance, increase connectivity and electrification, and improve fuel efficiency and CO2 emissions reductions. Additionally, we Deliver the POWER
of operational excellence across our growing business, using a people-focused culture to drive the consistent application of technical principles on a global basis.
Delivering POWER is our value proposition. It is central in shaping our performance-driven culture. Delivering POWER enables us to act courageously, to challenge the status quo, and to continue our relentless pursuit of innovation and profitable growth opportunities. Delivering POWER also encourages us to diversify our portfolio offerings and to actively forge the strategic partnerships that will help launch AAM into a successful future.
As we look back on yet another successful year in AAM’s history, I am pleased to share the numerous ways in which we Delivered POWER to our stakeholders throughout 2015.
  4

  5
5
The POWER of Quality
At the very heart of AAM’s mission to Deliver POWER is our
unwavering pledge to manufacture the most reliable, durable, high-quality products in the industry today. We are committed to offering our customers the highest-level automotive performance year after year and continue to operate at world-class levels.
In an environment of significant recall activity and increased industry standards and regulations, our customers’ expectations have become more stringent than ever before. Our commitment to product quality has never been more valuable to our customers.
Quality Assurance
In order to achieve the best in product quality standards, AAM employs a home-grown quality assurance system
we call Q4 (Q-to-the-fourth). Q4 ensures that quality is built into our products in station and is monitored consistently across AAM’s global operations. It is a system anchored in continuous improvement that involves extensive hands-on training at every facility to make certain that all our associates possess the highest understanding of AAM policies, procedures, processes and best practices. Q4 ensures standardization and product excellence at all of our locations.

  The POWER of Innovation
The automotive industry is one of the most influential driving forces behind the advancement of global technology, and at AAM, we are passionate about fueling that progress. Our research and development activities focus on innovative products and manufacturing processes to achieve greener and safer vehicles, to enhance performance, and to advance our products’ capacity for connectivity and electrification. We are motivated to deliver industry-leading solutions to differentiate our company within the competitive global market and to successfully address the numerous challenges our industry faces today. In 2015, AAM invested approximately $114 million into research and development to advance our efforts in these areas.
One example of the POWER of our technology leadership is our EcoTrac® Disconnecting All Wheel Drive (AWD) Systems. The benefits of this technology are directly in line with the
global automotive mega trends – Green, Safety and Vehicle Performance, and Electrification and Connectivity. EcoTrac® has been a source of growth and diversification for us since its launch in 2013. And in 2015, we announced another significant new business win featuring this technology. With this new award, our industry-leading EcoTrac® technology will be supporting multiple global vehicle platforms by 2018. Meanwhile, we continue to advance the development of our next-generation disconnecting AWD systems technology, aiming to provide even further vehicle performance and fuel-efficiency gains.
As the automotive industry exhibits a growing demand for hybrid and electric vehicles and driveline systems, AAM is leading the way in advancing the design, engineering, and manufacturing of these systems. Our electrification solutions, comprehensively known as e-AAMTM hybrid and electric driveline solutions,
 6

  are centered on the continuous improvement of vehicle efficiency, performance, and safety dynamics. e-AAM is highly customizable for applications ranging from mild hybrids to fully electric vehicles. We believe our innovative electrified driveline solutions have the potential to Deliver POWER the same way our EcoTrac® Disconnecting AWD Systems have delivered sales growth and diversification.
In addition, we are delivering leading-edge manufacturing technologies in the areas of driveline and drivetrain system components and metal-formed products. Our PowerDenseTM gears and PowerLiteTM products encompass lightweight materials, such as aluminum, along with advanced component design and process technology, which deliver higher torque capacity for improved efficiency, reduced mass and better fuel
economy. AAM’s latest driveshaft technologies, including our SYLENTTM aluminum driveshafts, improve safety, ride and NVH of the vehicle. When it comes to connectivity and electrification, we have developed capabilities in the areas of mechatronics as well as vehicle and subsystem level software controls to further integrate electronic components. This includes motors, actuators and sensors into AAM’s mechanical technologies to enhance vehicle performance and power density. We also continue to increase the utilization of innovative manufacturing techniques, such as laser welding, to assist our customers in achieving even greater mass reduction targets. Meanwhile, our Advanced Engineering Team is finalizing the development of a revolutionary way to manufacture our traditional axle to reduce weight and streamline the manufacturing process.
 77

 8
The POWER of Operational Excellence
Integral to AAM’s ability to Deliver the POWER of a world-class quality product portfolio is our company’s commitment to achieving Operational Excellence. For us, Operational Excellence represents a global responsibility to perform our operations safely, train our associates effectively and run our manufacturing processes efficiently to profitably grow our business.
Supported by a strong, people-focused culture that embraces continuous improvement and team problem solving, AAM incorporates consistent practices, integrated information technology systems and proactive data analysis across each and every one of our global locations. We refer to this approach as “the AAM Operating System,” which is our foundation for success and improvement and is critical to delivering operational excellence on a daily basis.
As part of the AAM Operating System, we have been continuously increasing the connectivity within our manufacturing process and among key supporting functions. “Data is the new natural resource” and the integration of our manufacturing, quality and enterprise resource planning systems provides our teams with the capability to analyze data and act predictively instead of reactively. Recently, we made significant investments to standardize these systems globally and improve our data analysis capabilities. With a constant eye on our key performance indicators, proactive data management improves the quality and speed of problem solving and decision making – which leads to improved customer satisfaction, lean production and efficient cost management.
 
  Delivering POWER in 2016 and Beyond
The modern automobile is one of the most sophisticated, powerful pieces of technology in the hands of consumers today. Nearly every aspect of today’s vehicle is embedded with lighter materials enhanced with electrification and mechatronics. The market continues to evolve and consumers continue to demand more in vehicle safety, sustainability, power, and connectivity. And today, AAM pledges to deliver.
Building on the solid success of 2015, the years ahead will be an exciting time for AAM. We will continue to embrace our excellence-driven culture, our talented team of associates, our industry-leading processes, and leverage the full strength of our brand.
In 2016, we will further advance AAM’s technology leadership with the expansion of our Advanced Technology Development Center in Detroit, Michigan – our center for the acceleration of innovation, collaboration, and the development of advanced product, process and system technology. We are also on track to further diversify the business through 17 new program and product launches in 2016 with global customers including Ford, Nissan, Mercedes-Benz, Jaguar Land Rover, and Isuzu. And we expect another strong year of profitable growth and operating
cash flow generation – driving a high free cash flow yield for the benefit of all our key stakeholders.
AAM is positioned to evolve into the future through both organic and potentially strategic growth initiatives. As the automotive industry is entering a new, more advanced phase of innovation and design, we see great opportunities for AAM. We are focused on growing the business and ensuring that we have the technology and scale to Deliver POWER into the future.
AAM will forge ahead in the competitive landscape, leveraging our three core competencies – world-class quality performance, technology leadership and unsurpassed operational excellence
– and we are poised to achieve long-term value for our shareholders.
The future of AAM has never been brighter.
Thank you for your loyal and continued support of AAM.
David C. Dauch
Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer
 9
