 Financial Performance
AAM’s financial performance in 2013 was highlighted by sales growth that outpaced the industry. In 2013, AAM’s sales were $3.21 billion, representing growth of approximately 10% versus the industry sales growth of approximately 7%. In 2013, the U.S. seasonally adjusted annualized rate (SAAR) was approximately 15.5 million units compared to 14.4 million units in 2012.
For the full year 2013, AAM’s operational results solidly rebounded when compared to 2012. This improvement was driven by lower launch preparation costs, lower premium material and freight costs, and improved operational performance. Our strong performance allowed AAM to generate improved cash provided by operating actvities of $223 million for the year.
In 2013, AAM successfully closed on over $1.25 billion in new and amended financing agreements. As a result, we reduced our weighted average interest cost and now have no significant funded debt maturities until 2018. We are pleased to have taken advantage of favorable market conditions to help improve AAM’s flexibility to manage and grow the business to support the execution of AAM’s long-term strategic objectives.
2014 Chevrolet Silverado LTZ
 6
6
 
   Launch Activity
AAM had another busy year of launch activity with 28 major global product launches. Three key product program launches highlighted this year’s activity.
Chevrolet Silverado and GMC Sierra: 2013 also saw AAM’s involvement in the launch of General Motor’s (GM) next generation full-size pickup truck platform, the GMC Sierra and the 2014 North American Truck of the Year Chevrolet Silverado. This was AAM’s biggest launch of the year, which was successfully supported by our manufacturing facilities
in Guanajuato, Mexico, and Three Rivers, Michigan. The next phase of this launch will be completed in the first quarter of 2014 with the launch of GM’s heavy-duty pickup trucks and full-size SUVs.
RAM 2500 and 3500 Series Trucks: AAM’s 10-year relationship with Chrysler Group LLC (Chrysler) RAM trucks
continued to strengthen and grow during 2013. The year started well with AAM’s involvement in the launch of the RAM 2500 and 3500 heavy-duty truck series, and continued with AAM’s support of RAM’s 2014 model year updates. These updates included a disconnecting front steerable beam axle and an 11.5" Rear Multi-Link beam axle to improve noise, vibration and harshness (NVH) performance.
Jeep® Cherokee: In terms of product innovation, 2013 was
an exciting year for AAM. AAM’s EcoTrac® Disconnecting All Wheel Drive was featured on the all-new 2014 Jeep® Cherokee. This industry-first technology helps the Jeep Cherokee achieve all-weather traction, superior control, improved fuel economy and safety, and reduced emissions. In 2013, EcoTrac® was recognized by Automotive News as a PACE Award finalist, which helps put AAM firmly on the map as a global leader in technology innovation.
Three Rivers Manufacturing Facility EcoTrac® Assembly Operations
 7
7
 
       Globalization
As part of our strategic global growth plan, AAM continued to expand its cost competitive, global manufacturing, engineering, and sourcing footprint during 2013. We now have more than 30 facilities in 13 countries around the world.
In May 2013, Hefei-AAM (HAAM), AAM’s joint venture with the JAC Group, successfully executed the launch of a new state-of- the-art hypoid gear manufacturing facility in Hefei, China. This investment increased HAAM’s full range of product offerings and, with AAM’s Changshu Manufacturing Facility, AAM is now able to provide world-class gear manufacturing solutions to customers in China.
       AAM North America
16 Locations
  Three Rivers Manufacturing Facility
New EcoTrac® Assembly Line
  Silao Manufacturing Facility
New Manufacturing Facility
         Araucária Manufacturing Facility
New Transmission Housing Line
 AAM has more than 30 manufacturing facilities, engineering centers and business offices in 13 countries serving more than 100 customers globally.
AAM South America
1 Location
  88
 
AAM continues to grow in India as well. With expansions at our Chennai Manufacturing Facility, Pune Manufacturing Facility and Pantnagar Manufacturing Facility for various machining, assembly and sequencing programs, AAM is bringing exciting new processes and technologies to this region.
Outside of our expansion in China and India, one of the most promising emerging-market growth opportunities for AAM is in Thailand. Our operations in Thailand are based in AAM’s Rayong Manufacturing Facility (RMF). The Rayong facility currently supports a major light-truck program for GM and has recently earned additional business with Ford.
In addition to supporting localization requirements for our customers, RMF expanded its capabilities by adding hypoid gear machining as well as helical case machining and assembly in 2013, becoming the first hypoid gear manufacturer in the country of Thailand.
AAM also expanded its North American manufacturing footprint with the opening of Silao Manufacturing Facility in Mexico
to complement our Guanajuato Manufacturing Complex with machining and assembly operations.
           AAM Europe
6 Locations
 AAM Asia
7 Locations
     AAM India
5 Locations
         Hefei-AAM Joint Venture
New Gear Manufacturing Capabilities
  Rayong Manufacturing Facility
New Helical Case Machining
 Glasgow Manufacturing Facility
New Transfer Case Assembly Line
 99
 
EcoTrac® two-speed rear drive module EcoTrac® two-speed power transfer unit
    10 10
Diversification
With a focus on product innovation and product line extensions, we have expanded and broadened our product portfolio and customer base.
In 2013, AAM secured new business awards with Jaguar Land Rover, Chrysler, Honda, Qoros and others, which represent AAM’s successful efforts in achieving our diversification objective. As a result, AAM’s estimate of its backlog of new and incremental business launching from 2014 through 2016 is now approximately $900 million. Highlights of AAM’s new and incremental business backlog include the following:
• New and innovative product technologies: AAM’s new and incremental business backlog includes product programs supporting the all-new Jeep Cherokee with AAM’s industry- first EcoTrac® Disconnecting All-Wheel Drive; the all-new Cadillac CTS, Motor Trend’s 2014 Car of the Year, with AAM’s high efficiency rear-drive modules; and e-AAMTM technology that will be featured on a future model year Qoros vehicle.
• Significant progress on customer diversification initiatives: Over 70% of AAM’s new and incremental business backlog for 2014 to 2016 is for customers other than GM. This includes new and expanded orders supporting multiple global premium vehicle manufacturers, including
Chrysler, Daimler Truck, Ford, Honda, Jaguar Land Rover, (caption mentioning award of additional business with JLR)
Mercedes-Benz, Nissan and others.
• Major increase in passenger car and crossover vehicle business: Approximately two-thirds of AAM’s $900 million new and incremental business backlog for 2014 to 2016
is for passenger car and crossover vehicle programs.
• Growth in global markets: Approximately 70% of AAM’s new and incremental business backlog for 2014 to 2016 is for programs sourced outside of the United States. These awards support AAM’s expansion in the growing global markets of Brazil, China, India and Thailand.

 Outlook for 2014 and beyond
We are excited for 2014 as the global economic outlook continues to improve and new product introductions and replacement vehicle demand are expected to drive strong growth in industry sales. We expect this trend and
our new business backlog will drive AAM’s sales to exceed the rate of growth expected for the industry.
AAM moves forward with an aligned business strategy built on three commitments: Quality, Technology Leadership and Operational Excellence. These commitments are the basis of everything we do at AAM. By leveraging these foundational commitments, we can achieve the following goals of:
• Optimizing profitable growth opportunities through our global expansion
• Improving our business diversification, which includes expanding our customer base and product portfolio
• Achieving solid financial performance, which is the key to building value for all of our stakeholders
We look to the future with confidence and a commitment
to achieving excellence in everything we do with the ultimate goal of making AAM a leader in every key market that we serve.
Thank you for your loyal and continued support of AAM. Sincerely,
David C. Dauch
Chairman of the Board, President & Chief Executive Officer
  EcoTrac® actuator
11   11
