Strategic Initiatives
1. Be globally competitive in measurable quality. 2. Meet customer delivery schedules on time, every time. 3. Be globally competitive on cost. 4. Be the leader in product, process and systems technology. 5. Continually upgrade the skills and knowledge of our associates. 6. Diversify, profitably grow and become global. 7 . Achieve adequate financial returns.
Richard E. Dauch Co-Founder, Chairman of the Board & CEO

Chairman's Letter
AAM Financial Recognitions--2001
 2001 Shareholder Value Award from Automotive News and PricewaterhouseCoopers.  Forbes "Platinum 400" listing as one of the best big companies in America.  11th highest stock price return of NYSE listed companies. am extremely pleased to report on another very successful year for AAM, our third as a public company. Starting with the sound of the opening bell on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) on January 29, 1999 and continuing through 2001, AAM has exceeded the earnings expectations of investors and analysts for 12 straight quarters. Our strong performance for 2001 includes:  Sales of $3.1 billion, an increase of $38 million over 2000.  Earnings per share that exceeded analysts' expectations in all four quarters.  Positive free-standing cash flow achieved in the third and fourth quarters.  Return on invested capital of 11.9 percent, which places us in the top of our peer group for 2001.  Stockholder total return on investment of over 169 percent--ranking AAM 11th highest of all companies listed on the NYSE. My belief in the long-term prospects and value of this company has never been stronger. And, as AAM continues to mature, I believe its value will be appropriately recognized by the investment community.

I

Making gains despite difficult economic times
AAM's success is due in part to our ability to manage proactively in a changing marketplace. Applying a forward-thinking strategy, we aligned and adjusted our workforce to support our customers' needs. By focusing on increasing productivity while keeping tight reins on costs, we were able to demonstrate competitive leadership and deliver 2001 financial results that exceeded expectations.

A A M A n n u a l Re p o r t 2 0 0 1

1

Brought to you by Global Reports

Front row (left to right): Patrick S. Lancaster, Group VP , Chief Administrative Officer & Secretary;Y ogendra N. Rahangdale, Group VP & Chief T echnical Officer. Back row: Joel D. Robinson, President & Chief Operating Officer; Robin J. Adams, Executive VPFinance & Chief Financial Officer.

Achieving major milestones for 2001
This past year brought the final stages of American Axle & Manufacturing's transformation into a premier Tier I supplier of sophisticated driveline systems, modules and components serving more than 75 customers on five continents. We completed seven years of major investments to rebuild our facilities, refresh our product lines and prepare our workforce for the industry's globalization and consolidation. As we did so, we put the days of heavy capital spending behind us and, as promised, our freestanding cash flow ships passed in the night--from negative to positive beginning with the third quarter and continuing with the fourth quarter of 2001. In June, General Motors selected AAM as the driveline systems and module supplier and Tier I systems integrator for the program that will replace the largest vehicle platform in the world. This multi-billion-dollar, life-of-program contract provides a rock-solid base of top line revenue for the next decade or more--a significant advantage for AAM. Our highly successful follow-on stock offering in mid-August resulted in 65 new institutional stockholders along with existing investors purchasing 7.5 million shares of AAM stock. The net proceeds to the company for the 3 million shares issued by the company were used to reduce our debt levels. Our debt to capital ratio was reduced from 68 percent at December 31, 2000 to 62 percent at December 31, 2001. As a result of the offering, active trading of AXL shares increased by more than seven times. Automotive News and PricewaterhouseCoopers named AAM as the recipient of the 2001 Shareholder Value Award for having the highest total stockholder return of any global parts supplier. AAM's stock performance increased more than 169 percent for the 2001 year. AAM was also selected by Forbes magazine for inclusion in the "Platinum 400" listing as one of the best big companies in America in terms of outstanding profitability and growth.
The Stabilizer Bar Development Center at the Detroit Forge ensures rapid prototyping and eliminates costly, non-value-added processes.

Thanks to associates' efficiency efforts, Three Rivers expanded its product line from driveshafts (shown here) to include axles.

Leading through technology and value
AAM's technological innovation is a major differentiator in today's automotive market and a key that continues to open doors to new business. Technologically sophisticated products and enhancements enable us to offer the added value so highly sought by Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) and consumers-- value that increases content per vehicle and margin growth. I firmly believe our ability to deliver fresh, innovative products is vital to securing new business for AAM. Regardless of market and economic conditions, we expect to increase future R&D investment by 10 percent per year over the next few years.

AAM announces plans to build its world headquarters in Detroit Michigan. From left: Gil Hill, former president of the Detroit City Council; John Engler, governor of Michigan; Dick Dauch; and Dennis Archer, former City of Detroit mayor.

2

Brought to you by Global Reports

Investments in R&D

New Technology Sales

Stockholder Returns

I find it very reassuring that our product portfolio is based on outstanding, state-of-the-art technology. Approximately 69% percent of AAM's 2001 sales are from new higher-value-added technology products introduced since mid-1998. AAM products are featured on awardwinning vehicles such as the Chevrolet Silverado (Motor Trend's 2001 Truck of the Year), Chevrolet Avalanche (Motor Trend's 2002 Truck of the Year) and GMC Envoy (Motor Trend's 2002 SUV of the Year), and will soon be introduced on the all-new 2003 heavy duty Dodge Ram truck. We will continue to apply advanced technology throughout our products, processes and systems-- especially in the areas of reducing mass and noise, vibration and harshness (NVH), while enhancing product durability. Product development will address consumer and industrial trends now reshaping the automotive market--including increased demand for light trucks and sport utility vehicles, emerging front-wheel-drive/all-wheel-drive and crossover vehicle segments and increased OEM outsourcing. Our I-RideTM chassis modules, for example, are designed to improve ride and handling while offering OEMs assembly line efficiencies and reduced capital expenditures. AAM engineers have retrofitted five current, on-the-road vehicles with our driveline modules and tested them under real-world conditions. I-Ride TM modules are perfectly suited for sport utility and passenger car-based crossover vehicles.

business opportunities that feature our newly developed and highly engineered systems, modules, components and forgings. In addition, we have diversified our customer portfolio significantly over the past seven years, increasing sales to non-GM customers from 3 percent in 1994 to 13 percent in 2001. This number is expected to be over 24 percent by 2004--all while growing business with General Motors.

Forward thinking--2002 and beyond
AAM will continue to engage the same forwardthinking strategies that have made us a leader in our industry segment. We will continue to focus on achieving return on invested capital at levels exceeding our peer group, and generating positive free cash flow, as our capital expenditures significantly decline. With 14 major launch programs, 2002 will be the largest launch year in our history. As you read this annual report, I hope you will begin to understand why I believe AAM's best days are ahead of us. We believe we offer significant potential in terms of stock price appreciation as we continue to deliver strong financial performance. We have an established world presence, an expanding customer base, an exciting new technology product portfolio, reduced capital expenditures, positive free-standing cash flow, a healthy volume of booked business and strong prospects for additional new business. I also hope you will share in my ever-increasing passion for American Axle & Manufacturing and my sincere enthusiasm for profitable growth opportunities.

Strong customer confidence brings new business
Over the past three years, AAM has added over $1 billion in business for new or successor programs--a strong indicator of customer confidence in the value of AAM's products and services. We are actively quoting additional

Richard E. Dauch Co-Founder, Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer

A A M A n n u a l Re p o r t 2 0 0 1

3

Brought to you by Global Reports

