                  2003 was an outstanding year for American Express. We delivered record earnings and met or exceeded all of our long-term financial targets, while significantly increas- ing our investments in the business to generate future growth. Those investments are paying off: we built strong momentum in the latter part of the year as the environment improved, and we believe we are now in our best competitive position in many years.
  KENNETH I. CHENAULT, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

(p.4_axp)
Strong growth in our card business, outstanding credit quality, the success of our ongoing reengineering efforts, and progress at American Express Financial Advisors all played a role in our 2003 performance. For the year, we delivered:
• Net income of $2.99 billion, up 12 percent from $2.67 billion in 2002.
• Diluted earnings per share of $2.30, up 14 percent from $2.01 last year.
• Return on equity of 20.6 percent, compared with 20.2 percent a year ago.
• Revenues of $25.9 billion, up 9 percent from $23.8 billion last year.
These results were at the high end of our long-term target of 12 to 15 percent earnings per share growth and surpassed our long-term targets of 8 percent revenue growth and 18 to 20 percent return on equity. We were particularly pleased with our revenue performance. Although we fell short of our revenue target in the first half of the year, we grew revenues at a much faster pace in the second half as the economy and stock market envi- ronment improved. This enabled us to exceed our revenue target for the full year and gave us strong momentum going into 2004.
As our 2003 results clearly show, we are capitalizing on the changes we initiated three years ago to build a more flexible and adaptable business. These changes focused on improving our economics, diversifying our card business, lowering our risk profile and investing in growth. They were designed to help us meet our financial targets in an environment of slower economic growth and market appreciation, and to help us capitalize quickly on improving market conditions. And that is exactly what happened in 2003.
We entered the year with a cautious view of the environment. For the first part of the year that view was well justified. Continued weakness in corporate spending and the equity markets, the war in Iraq and the outbreak of SARS all made for a highly uncertain environment. Despite these challenges, we were able to deliver strong earnings growth even without a robust economy. Then, as the economy strengthened in the second half of the year, we were ready to take full advantage of the improving conditions.
The investments we had been making in the business enabled us to quickly move to the offense while others were still retrenching. We launched many new products, stepped up marketing efforts and made strategic acqui- sitions. As a result, we generated substantially higher growth in cardmember spending and loans and posted higher results at AEFA.
 TOTAL RETURN TO SHAREHOLDERS — American Express stock outperformed the major market indices for the second year in a row. Total shareholder return was 38 percent, compared with 29 percent for the S&P 500 and 31 percent for the S&P Financials.
American Express S&P Financial Index S&P 500 Index
                                                                                                 
Once again, reengineering was a major focus for us in 2003. We surpassed our target of $1 billion of reengi- neering benefits for the third year in a row. Across the company, we continued to improve our key business processes to increase efficiency, reduce costs and create revenue-producing opportunities.
Over the past few years, an increasing portion of our reengineering benefits have come from Six Sigma process improvement efforts. In 2003, we significantly expanded Six Sigma training across the company. We are not only using Six Sigma to reduce errors in existing processes, we are also applying it in product development to build quality in from the start. Six Sigma supports both our commitment to quality and to achieving best-in- class economics.
Our continued efforts to control staffing levels also helped us effectively manage expenses. For the year, our total employee count was up 4 percent including the acquisitions of Threadneedle Asset Management and Rosenbluth International. Excluding these acquisitions, our employee count was actually down 1 percent year- over-year, even with increased business volumes. We also continued to use technology, particularly the Internet, to improve productivity and lower our servicing costs across our business.
Shareholder Returns
The financial markets clearly recognized our strong financial performance in 2003. American Express’ total shareholder return was 38 percent for the year, compared with 28 percent for the Dow Jones Industrials, 29 percent for the S&P 500, and 31 percent for the S&P Financials. At year-end, our price/earnings ratio was higher than any of the top 20 global financial services companies by market capitalization, a level that indicates both the strength of our current financial performance and the market’s confidence in our future growth.
While we are gratified by the trust our investors have placed in us, we know that we must earn this trust every day by delivering results and doing it the right way. Throughout the business world, we saw more ethical failures dur- ing the year. Increased regulatory actions and greater scrutiny of corporate governance practices are now the norm.
In particular, 2003 brought increased scrutiny and regulatory action in the mutual fund industry because of improper trading practices at a number of firms. In light of the heightened regulatory focus, we have been reviewing our mutual fund business to evaluate our policies and practices, and to improve our compliance con- trols. We have shared information with the regulators throughout the process and our efforts are still ongoing.
(p.5_axp)

(p.6_axp)
Now more than ever, we must remain true to our longstanding values. As always, we will strive to manage our business with high standards of integrity. And if we make mistakes, we will recognize them, correct them and act quickly to ensure they do not happen again. Our values have guided American Express for the past 153 years, and they will continue to do so in the future.
Now let me turn to the business unit results and provide more detail on our performance in 2003.
Business Unit Results
TRAVEL RELATED SERVICES
Travel Related Services (TRS) — which includes our card, travel, merchant and network businesses, as well as our Travelers Cheques and Prepaid Services group — posted record net income of $2.43 billion, up 14 percent from a year ago. TRS’ net revenues rose 8 percent to a record $19.2 billion.
These results reflect higher average cardmember spending, the continued benefit of rewards programs and higher cards-in-force. The higher business volumes were driven by strong growth in retail and everyday spending and by a notable improvement in the travel and entertainment sector, particularly during the latter part of the year.
American Express is a world leader in providing charge and credit cards to consumers, small businesses and corporations. In 2003, we added 3.5 million new cards, bringing total worldwide cards-in-force to 60.5 million. We were among the top card issuers in both spending and lending balance growth, and had industry-leading credit quality.
Worldwide billed business — or spending on American Express cards — rose 13 percent, with especially strong growth in consumer and small business spending, both in the United States and internationally. We also began to see a solid pick-up in spending by corporate cardmembers for the first time in several years. Moreover, the num- ber of merchants who accept American Express cards continues to grow, and we saw a substantial increase in card- member transactions at retailers, supermarkets, gas stations, drugstores and other everyday spending locations. Our lending business also performed very well. The benefit of rewards, along with competitive offers on revolv- ing credit products, helped drive double-digit growth in lending balances on American Express credit cards.
Based on the excellent progress we made in growing our billed business and lending balances, we believe we gained share during the year in the credit and charge card market in the United States.
 
 WE’VE IMPROVED OUR BUSINESS IN FUNDAMENTAL WAYS. Three years ago, we began to transform our business model — reengineering to improve our eco- nomics and generate the resources to reinvest in growth; improving our risk profile; and diversifying our revenue streams. Our aim was to deliver consistently strong earnings even in a difficult economic environment.
We furthered these efforts in 2003 by:
° generating over $1 billion in reengineering benefits for the third year in a row;
° achievingindustry-leadingcreditquality,withchargeandlendingwrite-offrates at or near historic lows;
° aggressively growing everyday spending on our card products, further reducing our traditional reliance on travel and entertainment; and
° increasing our product breadth across our businesses.
As a result, American Express is stronger and has built a solid platform for growth.
Pictured below:
American Express continued to increase card acceptance and cardmember spending at everyday locations, such as quick-serve restaurants, retail stores, supermarkets and gas stations.
     
(p.8_axp)
We achieved this growth while improving our already strong credit performance. For the year, our charge card loss rate reached an historic low and past-due rates improved. Within our lending business, write-off and past- due rates continued to improve. We maintained strong coverage ratios for past-due receivables and loans even as our lending portfolio grew substantially.
Our recent results reflect what we believe are the competitive advantages of our spend-centric business model in the global payments business. These advantages include our:
• relationships with high-spending consumer, small business and corporate customers;
• diverse sources of revenue derived from cardmember spending, lending and fees;
• tremendous product breadth (charge, credit, cobrand and prepaid cards);
• substantial geographic breadth through proprietary card activities in 68 countries and network relationships across 89 markets;
• leadership in the rewards arena through products and programs that deliver superior value for both card- members and merchants;
• deep and wide-ranging partnerships with merchants, including retailers, hotels and airlines, as a result of our closed-loop merchant network; and
• the reputation we have earned for outstanding customer service.
While each of these advantages is significant on its own, together they form a powerful model that is funda-
mentally different from others in the industry — one that represents a terrific competitive advantage for us.
The diversity of our revenue sources is a particular strength for American Express. Card issuers generate the majority of their income through some combination of: (1) customer spending — which generates payments from merchants for card transactions, (2) lending — finance charges on revolving credit card balances, and (3) customer fees. Most issuers’ business models are concentrated on one of the three revenue streams. American Express’ advantage is that we have strength in all three, but we have a unique edge in spending.
In fact, on average, consumers spend about four times as much on their American Express cards as they do on their Visa or MasterCard. We generate revenues from this spending through the fee charged to merchants for
 LOYALTY INCENTIVES — American Express’ industry-leading rewards programs are an important driver of spending world- wide. In 2003, we continued to offer cardmembers more ways to earn rewards — from cash back to airline miles to retail goods and more — through a variety of card products and enrollment in Membership Rewards.
    
card transactions (known as the “discount rate”). Because of American Express cardmembers’ spending pat- terns, we are able to deliver more high-spending customers to merchants and therefore earn a premium dis- count rate. As a result, we are able to generate higher revenues from spending than our competitors, who tend to rely more heavily on interest income from extending credit to their customers. This higher revenue stream gives American Express greater flexibility to offer more attractive rewards and other incentives to keep cus- tomers spending more on their cards, thus driving more business to merchants who accept the Card.
In contrast, nearly all of American Express’ competitors have business models that are focused on lending, which creates the need for a steady stream of new customers and balance transfers to produce growth. To keep this stream flowing, many lending-model companies compete by lowering interest rates to attract customers (which also reduces profit margins) and by aggressively pursuing opportunities to buy card portfolios from other companies. Although our lending portfolio is a strong and growing portion of our business, we view lend- ing revenue as a natural extension and complement to our key focus — spending.
The benefits we derive from our focus on the spending model give us a unique competitive advantage that we are leveraging to provide more value to our customers, our merchants and our card-issuing partners.
NEW PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND RELATIONSHIPS
To expand upon these advantages, we significantly increased our investment spending at TRS during 2003. Total spending on marketing, promotion, rewards and cardmember services at TRS was up 26 percent for the full year. This was on top of our already increased level of spending in 2002.
We launched innovative card products around the world, enriched our rewards programs, expanded our mer- chant network and formed partnerships that enhanced the value we provide to our customers.
Growing Our U.S. Consumer Card Business
Early in the year, we introduced Blue Cash from American Express in the United States, a fee-free credit card that offers up to 5 percent cash back on purchases. Blue Cash is the latest addition to our highly successful Blue product line. We supported the product and the extension of the Blue brand through a major national adver- tising and marketing campaign. To date, the marketplace response to Blue Cash has been very positive.
While Blue Cash was our most visible product launch in the U.S. consumer card arena in 2003, marketing and acquisition efforts also fueled continued growth in our portfolio of charge cards, as well as our other core lending products, such as Blue from American Express and our cobrand portfolios with Delta Air Lines and Costco.
(p.9_axp)
 
 WE’VE DELIVERED RECORD FINANCIAL RESULTS. American Express posted record earnings and business volumes that were strong both on an absolute basis and relative to our competitors. We accomplished this despite the economic weak- ness and equity market volatility that marked the first half of the year.
We met or exceeded all of our long-term financial targets in 2003. Diluted earnings per share rose 14 percent, revenues grew by 9 percent and return on equity was 20.6 percent (our long-term goals are 12 to 15 percent earnings per share growth, 8 percent revenue growth, and 18 to 20 percent return on equity, on average and over time).
Revenue growth accelerated throughout the year, as the business-building invest- ments we made in 2002 and 2003 generated increasingly strong returns and the environment improved.
                                                                                                                               
We also continued to expand our industry-leading Membership Rewards program, which is an important driver of cardmember spending, loyalty and profitability.
In 2003, we added new Membership Rewards partners in a range of industries, including Elizabeth Arden Red Door Salons, Hyatt Hotels and Resorts, Telecharge.com, SeaWorld and Busch Gardens Adventure Parks, Fortunoff and Escada. We also introduced a new offering called Your Reward that allows enrollees to create their own unique redemption packages, as well as to select from a diverse menu of ready-made adventures and experiences.
Membership Rewards is only one element of our rewards-based programs, which encompass a wide range of products linked to loyalty incentives across our card businesses. We continue to see strong growth in the num- ber of cardmembers who have products linked to rewards. For example, within our U.S. consumer and small business base, that percentage has increased from more than 30 percent in 1998 to more than 60 percent today.
At the same time, we continued to invest in service quality, which has traditionally been a competitive advantage for American Express. This focus led to improved customer satisfaction scores for servicing interactions such as Membership Rewards inquiries, card replacement, credit and disputes.
Expanding Products and Services for Small Businesses
American Express is the leading card provider and one of the top lenders in the small business arena. We serve our small business customers in the United States through OPEN: The Small Business Network from American Express. In 2003, the OPEN Network introduced two new card products: the Business Cash Rebate Card and the Platinum Business Credit Card, which contributed to significant growth in lending balances. We also expanded our ability to offer line-of-credit products to U.S. small businesses through an innovative new federal loan program called SBA Express. The program enables the OPEN Network to offer lines of credit backed by the U.S. Small Business Administration.
We also continued to increase the range of services we provide to small business cardmembers online. In 2003, we launched Expense Management Reports, a new online tool that helps small business owners track and manage their business expenses.
(p.11_axp)
  MORE CHOICES FOR MORE CUSTOMERS — Charge cards, credit cards, cobrand cards, prepaid cards, financial plans, asset management — American Express offers them all. The TravelFunds Card, the American Express AeroplanPlus Gold Card for Canadian consumers, Platinum Business Credit Card for small businesses and Blue Cash for U.S. consumers are just a few of the card products introduced in 2003. AEFA launched six new mutual funds, the online service Financial Accounts and the ONE High-Yield Savings Account, among other products.
    
(p.12_axp)
New Proprietary Product Launches in International Markets
In our international card business, we launched more than 80 new or enhanced card products during 2003. These are cards that American Express issued, either on our own or cobranded with partnering institutions. They included Centurion cards in Mexico and Japan, the International Dollar Platinum Card in 43 Latin Amer- ican and Caribbean markets, and several Gold card products in markets including India, Japan and Indonesia, as well as cards with premier partners like Holt Renfrew in Canada, BMW in Australia and E-Plus in Germany. We also introduced affinity cards for members of professional groups and organizations in Australia, Italy, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand and Thailand.
Rewards are a strong driver of cardmember spending internationally. We continued to enhance our rewards- based products and programs across our international markets, including expanded Membership Rewards part- nerships and offerings. Examples include the American Express Platinum Membership Rewards Credit Card in New Zealand, the KLM Flying Dutchman American Express Card in the Netherlands and the American Express AeroplanPlus cards with Aeroplan, a wholly owned subsidiary of Air Canada. We also introduced a rewards “Accelerator” program in 10 markets that drives spending by enabling cardmembers to earn points faster.
Expanding GNS Partnerships
Our Global Network Services (GNS) business — where we partner with financial institutions that issue Amer- ican Express-branded cards accepted on our merchant network — continued to grow rapidly in 2003. We signed nine new GNS partnerships with financial institutions in 2003, bringing our total to 79 partners in 89 countries. Altogether, our GNS partners launched 30 new card products during the year.
GNS is an important strategic business that helps to increase our market presence, drive more transaction volume onto our merchant network and increase the number of merchants accepting the American Express Card. Our partners benefit by gaining attractive revenue streams, expanding and differentiating their product offerings and associating with the American Express brand.
With more than 350 different card products launched so far, GNS partners have added 6.4 million cards to the AmericanExpressnetworksincewecreatedthisbusinessin1997.Asthiscardbasehasgrown,GNSmerchant-
   NETWORK PARTNERS — Our historic card-issuing agreement with MBNA in the United States, announced in early 2004, is the latest chapter in the Global Network Services success story. In its eight years, GNS has established partnerships with 79 card issuers in 89 countries — including Alpha Bank in Greece, Banco Popular in Puerto Rico, Samsung in Korea and HSBC in Brazil.
   
acquiring partners have added more than 2.5 million new establishments to the American Express network around the world.
We are excited about the possibilities of further expanding this part of our business through partnerships with U.S. banks.
Visa’s and MasterCard’s anti-competitive rules in the United States have prevented their member banks from issuing cards in partnership with other networks, including American Express. In October 2001, a U.S. District Court held that those rules violated antitrust law. A three-judge panel of the Second Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed that decision in September 2003. Moreover, in January 2004, Visa’s and MasterCard’s petitions for rehearing by the full Second Circuit court were denied. While Visa and MasterCard have announced they intend to ask for review by the U.S. Supreme Court, and they have obtained a further stay of the District Court’s judg- ment, we believe the court’s rulings are correct and that the legal process should run its course later this year.
Following the appellate court rulings, we renewed our discussions with banks about establishing network part- nership agreements in the United States. There is a strong interest among banks to partner with us in the United States, just as they have done internationally.
This was proven in January 2004, when we announced our first major network deal in the United States with MBNA, one of the world’s largest and most successful credit card issuers. MBNA will offer a new line of card products that will carry the American Express logo and will be accepted by the millions of merchants world- wide who welcome American Express cards. Details of the products, which MBNA will market to its high- spending cardholders and prospects, will be announced later this year. MBNA will also continue to issue cards on the Visa and MasterCard networks.
This is a milestone agreement for us, as well as for the entire U.S. credit card industry. Once banks are finally free to issue cards on whichever networks they choose, we will see increased competition, which will spur more innovation that will deliver greater value to merchants and increased benefits for consumers. We have tremen- dous respect for MBNA, and we are delighted they are joining with us to open the door to true competition and more choice. We look forward to introducing products with them later in 2004, after the appeals process in the Department of Justice case has ended. We will also continue to talk with other banks and financial institutions as we look to form additional card-issuing partnerships in the United States.
(p.13_axp)
 
(p.14_axp)
We plan to form card-issuing relationships only with institutions that possess the ability to add high-spending, loyal customers to our network to drive more growth in spending and revenue for our merchants; a commit- ment to high standards of quality and customer service; a strong customer base and marketing expertise; and compatibility with the American Express brand.
Growing Global Corporate Services
American Express is the leading provider of card, travel and purchasing management services to large and middle market companies around the world. In 2003, we acquired Rosenbluth International, ranked as the fifth-largest business travel management company in the United States. Rosenbluth operates in 15 countries and booked volume of more than $3 billion in 2002. This acquisition enhanced American Express’ position as the largest corporate travel management company in the world and strengthened our ability to serve the interests of small, midsize and large corporate customers.
We had a strong year in retaining and expanding the business of existing clients, as well as signing new accounts. In corporate cards, we won the new business of many major clients in the United States and in international markets, including Oracle, Merrill Lynch, Sony Corporation of America and BearingPoint. We added many new key business travel accounts, such as British Telecom and the French Ministry of Defense, as well as corporate purchasing accounts including Raytheon and Novartis.
In response to the needs of many large clients, Global Corporate Services launched the Corporate Defined Expense Program. This is an expense management tool for clients who need to allocate funds for a specific pur- pose, such as employee relocations or training.
We also developed and launched a portfolio of airline cobrand cards in key markets around the world to help midsize companies that typically do not have the bargaining power to negotiate discounts with airlines. We issued new cobranded corporate cards with both American Airlines and Qantas. These cards are the first to offer benefits tailored to midsize companies, including cash rebates on air travel, bonus points and discounts on everyday spending. We also announced plans to introduce new cards with KLM and Aeroplan, a wholly owned subsidary of Air Canada, in 2004 and renewed our cobrand card with Air France.
In addition, as demand for online travel reservations increased among corporate clients, we opened two new interactive travel centers in France and Sweden.

 WE’VE INCREASED INVESTMENTS TO GENERATE GROWTH. We invested a significant portion of our gains from reengineering rather than allowing the full benefit to flow to the bottom line. We did this to strengthen our competitive posi- tion at a time when others were retrenching so that we could accelerate our growth as the economy improved.
We increased investment spending on marketing, promotion, rewards and card- member services by 25 percent. This came on top of significant increases the year before. We used these dollars to launch new products across our global payments and financial services businesses. We also focused on attracting more customers and delivering premium value through our products, services and rewards programs.
We also acquired two leading businesses that are bolstering our capabilities in both asset management and corporate travel — Threadneedle Asset Management and Rosenbluth International.
Pictured below:
(i) The acquisition of Threadneedle Asset Management boosted AEFA assets owned, managed or administered by $85 billion.
(ii) New products that provide savings to midsize companies include the American Express Business ExtrAA Corporate Card.
(iii) A multimillion-dollar advertising campaign launched the Blue Cash credit card in the U.S., extending the popular Blue brand with cash-back rewards.
    (i) (ii) (iii)

(p.16_axp)
Expanding the Merchant Network
In 2003 we continued to expand the array of merchants who accept American Express cards, with particular emphasis on growing coverage in retail and everyday spending locations, such as supermarkets, gas stations and drug stores. Among our more notable signings in the United States were three leaders in the quick service restau- rant industry: McDonald’s,® Wendy’s and Burger King. Accepting the Card will help these partners attract new customers, including professionals who enjoy the convenience of quick-service restaurants and whose companies require that corporate cards be used for business-related expenses. In international markets, we signed a wide range of everyday spending merchants. A couple of notable examples include Formosa gas stations in Taiwan and Dutch Railways, the last major European rail system to accept the Card.
Other key signings also helped us to bring card acceptance to industries where cash or checks are the predom- inant form of payment. For example, we have agreements with 10 major property management companies across the United States to accept the Card for rental payments at their luxury properties. We also signed AIG to accept the Card for insurance premium payments from their customers. These and other signings fueled strong growth in recurring billing on the Card.
New Prepaid and Travelers Cheque Products
We also made major inroads in our strategy to grow another part of our payments business — prepaid services. We launched the TravelFunds Card, a prepaid, reloadable card that can be used worldwide at the millions of merchants and ATMs that accept the American Express Card.
We continued to expand the distribution channels for our prepaid products with the addition of retail, airline, car rental, hotel and travel agency sellers, as well as postal services in Australia, Canada and the United States. Our Gift Card, introduced in the United States in 2002, is now available in supermarkets and financial institu- tions, as well as through online and telephone channels.
In our Travelers Cheque business, we launched The American Express Cheque-Secure Funds in Russia and Argentina to address consumers’ desire to keep extra funds available at home.
AMERICAN EXPRESS FINANCIAL ADVISORS
American Express Financial Advisors (AEFA) made good progress in 2003, delivering improved results and making aggressive moves to drive growth. This progress came in a challenging year, when AEFA — like all other financial services companies — dealt with a range of issues, including uneven financial markets.
AMERICAN EXPRESS FINANCIAL ADVISORS ASSETS OWNED, MANAGED OR ADMINISTERED — Revitalized equity markets and stronger AEFA investment performance, coupled with the acquisition of Threadneedle Asset Management, boosted asset levels dramatically in 2003 — to $365.3 billion from $230.6 billion. (Excluding Threadneedle, AEFA assets owned, managed or administered increased 22 percent in 2003.)
                                                                
The foundations we have put in place at AEFA through new products and enhanced capabilities position us for stronger results as market conditions continue to improve. While we still have more work to do, we generated solid momentum in several key areas:
• making good progress toward our goal of improving investment results in both equity and fixed income;
• strengthening our asset management capabilities;
• broadening our product offerings; and
• growing and retaining our advisor force while many competitors are retrenching.
AEFA reported net income of $669 million in 2003, up 6 percent from $632 million a year ago. Revenues rose 10 percent due to higher investment income, increased management and distribution fees and greater insur- ance premiums. Total assets owned, managed and administered were $365.3 billion, up 58 percent from last year, or 22 percent excluding the Threadneedle acquisition. Our growth in total assets, even excluding assets added through the Threadneedle acquisition, was among the strongest of our peer group.
Improving Investment Performance
Over the past several years, we have taken significant steps to attract and retain leading investment talent to help strengthen our retail and institutional products and grow our global financial services business. We are seeing results. Many of the equity funds where we have changed managers have improved track records. We are also seeing good performance in new portfolios introduced to further enhance our product lines. Overall, despite some weaker than targeted results in some of our equity funds last year, we have made substantial improve- ments in investment performance over the past several years.
In fixed income, we are pleased with the progress we have seen since we implemented a new organizational model in the first quarter of 2003. Our fixed income managers are now organized by sector and are focused on outperforming specific benchmarks. Performance has improved since we introduced the new model.
We are also seeing improved performance in international and global equity funds, which are now managed by Threadneedle staff.
Strengthening Our Asset Management Capabilities
During 2003, we significantly strengthened our asset management capabilities through the acquisition of Threadneedle Asset Management, a premier asset management organization in the United Kingdom with approx-
(p.17_axp)

 WE’VE USED THESE INVESTMENTS TO STRENGTHEN OUR COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE. We gained momentum in the marketplace across our lines of business.
Our global card business had an outstanding year. We added 3.5 million new Amer- ican Express Cards, reaching an all-time high of 60.5 million cards-in-force. We were among the top card issuers in both spending and lending balance growth. We believe these results led to card share gains in the United States.
At AEFA, we added $135 billion in total assets, made good progress toward our goal of improving investment results, enhanced our line-up of investment and insurance products and grew our financial advisor field force while many competi- tors were cutting back.
Similarly, at American Express Bank, we significantly increased business volumes in our private banking and financial institutions businesses — the areas we’ve targeted for future growth.
                                                                                                                          
(p.19_axp)
 imately $85 billion in assets owned and managed. In 2003, Threadneedle was named the Best Fund Manager over five years in Standard & Poor’s European Fund Awards and Best Overall U.K. Fund Group of the Year in the Lipper Fund Awards. With this acquisition, American Express has become the second-largest retail invest- ment manager in the U.K. and an important force in money management outside of the United States.
Threadneedle will play a key role in the expansion of our financial services businesses outside of the United States and becomes our international asset management platform. This acquisition provides us with excellent growth opportunities in international retail and institutional markets.
Broadening Our Product Offerings
We continue to expand the breadth of AEFA product offerings in an effort to attract and retain clients. During 2003, we introduced six new mutual funds and announced our intention to merge several portfolios to create a stronger, more focused and differentiated equity product line. We rolled out Financial Accounts, a free online service that helps clients organize and track the value of their American Express and third-party financial accounts. In addition, we launched the ONE High-Yield Savings account that offers account holders the benefits of competitive interest rates for their cash reserves.
Growing Our Advisor Force
AEFA’s business model centers on financial planning advice. Many of our advisors are Certified Financial Plan- ners who work closely with clients to develop long-term financial strategies. In fact, AEFA has more advisors who have earned the CFP designation than any other firm. Our advisors are not brokers who focus only on completing transactions for clients. As a result, our clients tend to stay with us and have a long-term view of invest- ing. AEFA’s client retention rates are above 94 percent — among the highest in the industry.
At a time when many of our competitors are shrinking their field forces, AEFA continued to grow its advisor force in 2003. AEFA now has more than 12,000 advisors, up 4 percent from last year. In addition, veteran advisor retention rates remained strong.
In 2003, AEFA reached an important milestone — the number of current clients who had purchased financial planning services from their AEFA advisors reached one million. This is significant because clients who pur- chase financial advice services typically have deeper relationships with AEFA.

(p.20_axp)
At AEFA, we have a number of competitive advantages that we are able to leverage. We have one of the largest advisor field forces in the United States. We produce a broad array of mutual fund, annuity and other insurance products. And we have a comprehensive financial planning and advice model that has a long-term track record of success. We think these advantages and the progress we are making in implementing our growth strategies position us well relative to our competitors.
AMERICAN EXPRESS BANK
American Express Bank (AEB) continued to deliver strong results despite the weak environment in some key markets around the world. Net income rose 27 percent to $102 million in 2003, up from $80 million a year ago. Net revenues totaled $801 million. Assets managed and administered grew 29 percent to $16.2 billion.
The Bank produced double-digit growth in Private Banking client holdings and solid revenue growth in both the Private Bank and the Financial Institutions Group.
In Private Banking, AEB launched new mutual funds, hedge funds and other investment and insurance products. In the Financial Institutions Group, which serves over 1,700 banks around the world, we continued to grow our international payments and investment distribution businesses.
The Bank continued to make progress in its strategic shift from corporate lending to consumer and private bank- ing. Corporate loans were reduced by 47 percent to $173 million and now make up just 3 percent of the Bank’s total loan portfolio.
The Bank has become an important contributor to other American Express businesses. For example, the Bank distributes American Express Funds, most of which are managed by AEFA, through a network of more than 260 bank partners worldwide. This business has more than doubled over the past year to $2.65 billion in assets under management. AEB also cross-sells its Private Banking products to American Express’ international card- member base and premium card products to its Private Banking clients. The acquisition of Threadneedle will provide additional depth to the lineup of products offered by the Bank.
 GLOBAL PAYMENTS — We launched more than 80 new or enhanced proprietary card products in international markets in 2003. These included the American Express Platinum Membership Rewards Credit Card in New Zealand, the Centurion Card in Japan, the KLM Flying Dutchman American Express Card in the Netherlands and the International Dollar Platinum Card in Latin America and the Caribbean.
  
American Express Employees and Advisors
I have often said that our greatest competitive advantage is our people. We possess what I believe is one of the most talented and dedicated workforces in the world. I would like to thank all of our employees and financial advisors for their contributions and tremendous commitment to our success.
To help our people and our business become even more successful, we took steps in 2003 to further strengthen our internal culture, our talent and our leadership across the organization.
Following a company-wide review of our organizational culture, we introduced renewed values for American Express Company in 2003. Our renewed values include all of those that have guided our company over the past 153 years — integrity, customer commitment, quality, teamwork, respect for people and good citizenship. We reaffirmed our commitment to these traditional values while adding two new ones — demonstrating a will to win and personal accountability.
To succeed in today’s marketplace, where competition is always intensifying, we wanted to sharpen our focus on having a strong will to win and on taking responsibility for delivering on our commitments. However, as we have made clear to our employees and advisors, having a strong will to win does not mean winning at all costs. It means we will win the right way — with absolute integrity in all that we do. This leads to another important point that we have reinforced in our communications with our people: the American Express Company values are not separate concepts that should be viewed — or practiced — in isolation. They are intended to work together and, as a whole, be the manifestation of who we are, what we stand for and how we behave as a company and as individuals.
We communicated our renewed values throughout the year and across every level of the organization. But we believe values are about more than just words; they are about putting those words into action. To make our renewed values lead to tangible results, we incorporated them into our annual performance evaluation processes. The revised values have resonated with employees around the world. They will serve us well and help us improve our overall performance.
Employee Survey Results
The results of our annual employee survey demonstrate that our people are focused on our goals and energized to achieve them. More than 90 percent of our employees took the 2003 survey, which is a record level of par- ticipation. On large surveys such as ours, it’s difficult to make significant annual improvement when scores
(p.21_axp)
 
(p.22_axp)
reach a certain high level. That is why we were particularly pleased with this year’s strong results. Employees rated the company higher on all but one of the survey categories measured, and that one remained flat. We equaled or surpassed our aggressive targets in 10 of the 12 survey dimensions. We continued to have no satis- faction gaps companywide between men and women or by race. Our results also compared very favorably with external benchmarks.
Our commitment to maintaining and improving the quality of our workplace continues to be recognized exter- nally. American Express was included in 25 listings of best places to work worldwide this year, up from 17 last year. We were recognized as a top employer on new lists, such as Working Mother magazine’s “Best Places to Work for Women of Color.” We also maintained or improved our high rankings in several key listings. For example, we ranked 36th on Fortune magazine’s “100 Best Companies” listing in 2003, which is the same as 2002 and up from 91st in 2001.
Board of Directors
On behalf of our shareholders and employees, I would like to express our gratitude to our board of directors. We continue to benefit from their diligence as they carry out their duties to the company, as well as their valuable insight, judgment and counsel. I am delighted to welcome Edward D. Miller, former president and chief executive officer of AXA Financial, Inc., and Ursula M. Burns, senior corporate vice president and president of Business Group Operations at Xerox Corporation, to our board. In addition, I would like to thank Edwin L. Artzt, who retired from the board in April, for the many contributions he made to the company during his nine years of service.
Summary
We saw the benefits of our actions to strengthen our business really take hold in 2003. As I said at the start of this letter, 2003 was an outstanding year for American Express. We reaped the benefits of the fundamental changes we made to our business model over the past three years, and we generated stronger and broader momentum as the year progressed. We demonstrated that we have built a business model that does deliver strong financial results, even without robust economic conditions — and one that can capitalize quickly on mar- ketplace opportunities.
In 2003, we delivered value to shareholders in a number of noteworthy areas, including:
• our continued generation of above-average shareholder return;
• the financial community’s increased confidence in our potential, reflected by a price-to-earnings ratio that

 WE’VE REMAINED COMMITTED TO OUR CORE VALUES. Integrity has always been at the core of what we stand for as a company. In 2003, we updated our com- pany values to further strengthen our internal culture and drive business results.
American Express Company Values
1. CustomerCommitment:Wedeveloprelationshipsthatmakeapositivedifference in our customers’ lives.
2. Quality:Weprovideoutstandingproductsandunsurpassedservicethat,together, deliver premium value to our customers.
3. Integrity: We uphold the highest standards of integrity in all of our actions.
4. Teamwork: We work together, across boundaries, to meet the needs of our customers and to help the company win.
5. RespectforPeople:Wevalueourpeople,encouragetheirdevelopmentandreward their performance.
6. Good Citizenship: We are good citizens in the communities in which we live and work.
7. A Will to Win: We exhibit a strong will to win in the marketplace and in every aspect of our business.
8. Personal Accountability: We are personally accountable for delivering on our commitments.

(p.24_axp)
was highest among the top 20 global financial services companies by market capitalization;
• the quality of our earnings, which are driven by the strength of our core business results;
• our strong balance sheet;
• the realized benefits of our reengineering, which allowed us to increase our business-building investments at a time when others were scaling back;
• the premium value we are providing to customers through new products and partnerships and by improve- ments to existing capabilities;
• and, finally, the engagement of our employees.
All of this gives us confidence in our ability to capitalize on opportunities generated by a reinvigorated eco- nomic environment. Equity markets are showing signs of continued strength, and retail investors are gaining confidence. Corporations are increasing their travel and entertainment-related expenditures after three years of containment. And, overall, the U.S. economy and many other global economies are forecasted to grow at healthy rates this year.
Against this backdrop, we have a wide range of growth opportunities in our global payments and financial serv- ices businesses. We think of these opportunities in three categories: organic growth, expanded opportunities within our existing businesses, and targeted joint ventures and acquisitions.
Unlike many of our competitors, we have relied almost exclusively on organic growth over the past several years. We are well positioned to continue to deliver strong organic growth in our core businesses at Travel Related Ser- vices, particularly within our proprietary card businesses, at American Express Financial Advisors and at Amer- ican Express Bank. At the same time, we have a number of expanded opportunities to accelerate growth in certain parts of our business, including growth in the Corporate Middle Market and in our Global Network Ser- vices business. Finally, as we did in 2003 with the acquisitions of Threadneedle and Rosenbluth International, we will continue to consider opportunities to make targeted acquisitions that can help us accelerate growth strate- gies in our core businesses. We believe we are in the best possible position to make acquisitions — not because we need to, but because of our strength relative to the market.
With our strong competitive position and the range of growth opportunities in front of us, we are excited about our future. Our actions have established a strong foundation for growth, and we are now ready to capitalize on the momentum we have created. We will not let this opportunity pass.
Sincerely,
KENNETH I. CHENAULT
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
February 23, 2004
  