 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
After the events of the past year, I think it’s important to begin this letter a little differently. I’d like to start with a simple thank you.
To our customers, thanks for staying loyal to American Express and letting us serve you as best we can. To our shareholders, thanks for having faith in us when our stock dove, rebounded, and then closed the year as the best performer in the Dow. And to our employees, thanks for helping American Express not only manage through the recession, but come out strong and ready to pursue
themanyopportunitiesahead.
It has been a trying time for everyone. The
economy is mending, but hardly out of danger yet. Like every company, American Express faces many challenges. However, our resilience throughout the past year, the progress we made in 2009, and
the steps we have taken to lay the foundation for a successful future all give me great confidence.
Faced with a financial system in near freefall and the longest global recession in decades, the people of American Express rallied. We saw a chance to write a new chapter in our company’s history of overcoming odds and demonstrating leadership.
We focused on a simple formula—stay profitable, stay liquid and invest selectively for growth. These priorities may not sound exciting. In better times, you could consider them a fairly low bar.
But in 2009, they posed a very high degree of difficulty. I’m proud to say we made great strides in every category.

 AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY
   We earned $2.14 billion in income from continuing operations for the year. While a 26 percent decline in earnings is no cause for celebration, we stayed consistently profitable when many card-issuing businesses suffered major losses. In a severe financial crisis, when survival was not a given for some firms, our ability to generate quality earnings says a great deal about the strength and flexibility of our business model.
We developed new sources of funding and bolstered our capital base after the credit markets froze. Our retail deposit program, launched from a standing start, raised more than $26 billion, a tremendous achievement in this market. For the year, we generated additional capital and maintained strong ratios that exceeded all regulatory benchmarks.
We continued to put money into business-building investments: rewards, cardmember services, enhanced products, emerging payment technologies, online capabilities, marketing and brand promotion. Spending was below 2008 levels due to the environment, but was substantial nevertheless.
The progress we made throughout the year also enabled us to keep an important commitment to our shareholders—continuing to pay our dividend without interruption. We viewed this as a key dividing line between financial services companies, and were very pleased to be among the few who could take this course.
We were also among the first companies to repay the U.S. government’s equity investment. In January, we received $3.4 billion as part of
125 PERCENT
Total return on AXP stock
for 2009
the Capital Purchase Program. At the time, the financial system was in disarray, and even healthy institutions were accessing capital to increase the market’s confidence in their stability. By the end of July, we fully repaid the investment, providing a 26 percent return to U.S. taxpayers.
A number of factors, including the market’s increasing confidence in our position, our stock’s low valuation early in the year, and the broad rebound for equities in 2009, fueled strong gains in our share price. American Express delivered a 125 percent total return for the year, compared with 26 percent for the S&P 500 and 17 percent for the S&P Financials. This gain in 2009 still left us well short of our pre-crash high. We are well aware of this fact, and are working hard to deliver the kind of performance that justifies our investors’ confidence.
A TOUGH ROAD
Let’s take a closer look at some of the factors that drove our performance in 2009 and the steps we’ve taken to get through and beyond a series of huge challenges.
High unemployment, diminished household wealth, and low consumer confidence hurt our customers and, therefore, our business. We experienced a 14 percent drop in revenues for the year, as individuals and companies cut back on spending and travel. We also faced higher credit losses as more cardmembers had trouble paying their bills. These developments had a direct impact on our bottom line.
OUR VISION:
To become the world’s most respected service brand
                       07
521

 AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY
   Through it all, we dealt with our immediate challenges with a sense of urgency, moving to reduce our expense base, turn around credit performance, and provide greater value to our customers so they would continue to choose
American Express first.
We also kept a long-term view, believing that
quick fixes alone wouldn’t suffice. We reengineered, retooled and reinvested with the aim of improving our competitive position. In essence, we readied ourselves to act when conditions made sense for us to shift from defense to offense. Let me show how this approach played out in some of our key metrics.
BILLED BUSINESS
(in billions)
Cardmember Spending
For the year, spending on American Express cards fell 9 percent to $620 billion on broad-based declines among consumers, small businesses and corporations. Billed business was down 10 percent in the U.S. and 8 percent internationally.
While the dollar volume of spending declined, our total number of transactions was essentially unchanged. That means American Express cardmembers were loyal to our brand, taking our cards out of their wallets just as often as before. They were simply spending less overall as they became more careful about managing their money.
We think this validates our emphasis on financial responsibility, premium value and superior service.
CARDS-IN-FORCE
(in millions)
              05 06 07 08 09
Billed business, or the amount spent on American Express cards, declined in 2009 as consumers and businesses cut back on spending in
the difficult economy. Cards-in-force also declined, in part because the company cancelled 3.3 million inactive accounts during the year.
05 06 07 08 09
      NEW PREMIER REWARDS
Gold Card lets users earn points faster
MORE TOOLS
for small businesses include our new co-branded rewards card with Lowe’s®
  08
$484 $561
71.0 78.0
$647 $683
$620
86.4 92.4
87.9

   AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY
   For example, during the year we:
• Promoted the American Express Charge Card as a product that’s right for the times because its pay- in-full nature encourages responsible spending.
• Launched new tools and resources to help cardmembers manage their money.
• Re-focused our lending portfolio, emphasizing premium co-brand cards that have superior economics and credit performance.
• Enhanced our customer rewards programs, with new features such as everyday redemption options in Membership Rewards.
• Won a record number of global commercial card accounts by providing more solutions to help companies track and control their spending.
•Shook up the prepaid card industry by eliminating all after-purchase fees, an industry first that delivers more value to our customers.
• Expanded our network of merchants who accept American Express cards and partners who issue them.
•Launched new advertising in the U.S. and selected international markets.
These moves all helped set the stage for the rebound in cardmember spending we experienced late in the year, as the economy began to show some early signs of improvement. For the first six months of
2009, billed business was down 16 percent year- over-year. The decline eased to 11 percent in the third quarter. By the fourth quarter, we saw a return to growth, as billed business rose 8 percent.
Granted, comparisons became easier because the fourth quarter of 2008 was especially weak, but returning to growth was an important accomplishment. Few other major card issuers were able to grow spending during the quarter, and our gap versus our competitors widened.
There’s a long way yet to go before cardmember spending returns to pre-recession levels, and persistent unemployment poses significant risks, but we believe we have the products and value propositions that will enable us to compete successfully.
Credit Performance
Along with cardmember spending, credit performance improved as the year progressed. We benefited from the early actions we took to manage at-risk accounts, improve decision-making, and help cardmembers who were going through temporary financial hardship.
The write-off rate in our managed worldwide lending portfolio was 7.3 percent for the fourth quarter, up from 6.5 percent a year earlier, but much improved from the 9.7 percent level that we reached in the second quarter. Accounts 30-days past due improved to 3.6 percent from 4.6 percent a year ago. Past-due rates are a leading indicator of future write-offs, so these trends are encouraging.*
   * Managed basis assumes our cardmember loans have not been securitized. On a GAAP basis, the net write-off rates in our worldwide lending portfolio for the fourth quarters of 2009 and 2008 were 7.4 percent and 6.5 percent, respectively. On a GAAP basis, the 30-day past-due rates at December 31, 2009 and 2008 were 3.6 percent and 4.4 percent, respectively.
   DON’T TAKE CHANCES, TAKE CHARGE
ad campaign shows the benefits of using the American Express
Charge Card
0
FEES AFTER PURCHASE
with American Express Gift Cards, an industry first providing more value
  09
0

 AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY
   Not surprisingly, credit quality in our charge card portfolio outperformed our lending portfolio. Write-off rates for charge card receivables were well controlled. Past-due rates improved from a year ago.
One key distinction between American Express and other card issuers is that our business model relies less on lending. Most of our revenue comes from spending on cards rather than from interest income and credit fees. In fact, only 13 percent of our cardmember spending takes place on proprietary lending cards (excluding co-brands) in the U.S., and the percentage is lower in international markets. In addition, our strong presence in business-to-business payments
MANAGED LOANS 30 DAYS PAST-DUE AS A PERCENT OF TOTAL
and network services carries comparatively lower credit risk and capital requirements than consumer lending.
Clearly, lending is still an important part of our business. Our customers want the ability to extend payments, and we want to grant credit wisely and responsibly. Making credit decisions is not a perfect science, but we have sophisticated tools to guide us. We’ve spent a great deal of time examining how we make decisions, building new capabilities, integrating new housing and commercial data into our models, and developing a broad set of programs to manage high-risk customers. We have learned from our experiences and improved our credit and fraud operations—all with the goal
WORLDWIDE CARDMEMBER LENDING MANAGED BASIS NET WRITE-OFF RATE
              4Q 1Q 2Q 3Q 4Q 08 09 09 09 09
4Q 1Q 2Q 3Q 4Q 08 09 09 09 09
 Past-due and net write-off rates improved in the second half of 2009, but remained at high levels compared to prior years. These charts show results on a managed basis. On a GAAP basis, 30-day past-due rates were 3.6% for 4Q 2009, 4.0% for 3Q 2009, 4.3% for 2Q 2009, 4.9% for 1Q 2009 and 4.4% for 4Q 2008; while the net write-off rates were 7.4%, 9.1%, 9.6%, 8.0% and 6.5% for the same periods.
   CARDMEMBERS
AXP
MERCHANTS
OUR CLOSED LOOP
network helps us analyze market trends to better serve cardmembers and merchants
MONEY MANAGER
helps cardmembers gain more control over their personal finances
      10
6.5%
4.6%
5.0% 4.3%
4.0% 3.6%
8.2% 9.7%
8.6% 7.3%
SREBMEMDRAC
PXA
STNAHCREM

   of allowing good spending and restricting credit where we believe customers may be getting in over their heads.
During the downturn, we reduced credit lines and cancelled accounts for certain higher-risk customers. Realizing that we couldn’t possibly get every call right, we put a new process in place for cardmembers to appeal decisions about their accounts. We worked with thousands of cardmembers to either revalidate or, in some cases, revise decisions. We also independently increased credit lines for some customers, and the $620 billion in spending we authorized during the year was more than any other card issuer.
We also provided additional help to card- members who were experiencing temporary financial trouble. We expanded our customer care programs, creating tailored solutions for many thousands of people. For some, this meant extending the time they could take to pay off their balance, waiving delinquency fees, reducing interest rates, or excusing portions of outstanding debt. These efforts made a difference to our customers and saved many valuable relationships for the company.
Altogether, the steps we took helped us achieve year-end credit results that were substantially better than those of our major peers. In addition, our reserve coverage and balance sheet continued to be very strong.
As our credit performance improved and we saw initial signs that spending by cardmembers was stabilizing, we decided to increase investment
14
spending in the second half of the year. We funded more brand advertising, new product launches and other initiatives designed to grow our business in the years ahead.
Reengineering and Expense Reduction
In this difficult economy, controlling expenses was more important than ever. Cutting back, but not cutting too far into muscle, we reduced operating expenses by 14 percent from a year ago.
Reengineering played a large role in these efforts. We examined our business processes to eliminate inefficiencies and focus resources on activities that would drive value for our customers and shareholders. One outcome of this reengineering was a net reduction of about 7,700 jobs over the past year. As painful as those job cuts were, they increased our financial strength and put us in a better position to grow.
Here again, we took a long-term approach. We didn’t just want to reduce expenses for 2009, we wanted to prepare our expense base for the conditions we foresee ahead, a period of relatively weak economic growth after the recession.
THE POST-RECESSION LANDSCAPE
While we expect the recovery that began to take shape in recent months will continue, the rebound is likely to be modest. High unemployment and other risks will leave the economy vulnerable and consumers cautious.
Even though the environment remains very challenging, the economy and our company are much better off now than a year ago when the
WESEEYOUASA PERSON, NOT A NUMBER says our international ad campaign called “Realise the Potential”
AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY
      PERCENT
lower operating expenses in 2009 vs. 2008
              11
41

 AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY
   financial system was in disarray. In thinking about what we have to do to remain successful over both the short and long term, we have set new priorities for 2010 and beyond.
Going forward, we will focus our energies on driving growth, driving efficiency, and delivering superior service.
These priorities are a fundamental shift from last year. They focus more on seizing opportunities rather than responding to crisis conditions around us. They reflect our improved position from a year ago, but they also recognize that growth will not come easily in an environment shaped by a still weak economy.
I am confident that we will be able to prosper in “the new normal” environment for two reasons. The first is our experience of the past year—the progress we made in one of the harshest environments in decades. The second is our unique set of assets and capabilities that make American Express right for
the times.
To succeed in the new environment, companies
will need a number of important characteristics, the kind that we possess.
A Strong Brand
A Lean Cost Structure
As I described earlier, our reengineering efforts have reduced costs and increased flexibility in our expense base. In both good times and bad, we have reengineered to free up resources that we could then invest in growth opportunities. This has been a core part of the way we have managed our business for well over a decade.
Premium Value
We provide added value through industry-leading rewards, product benefits and service quality. This value builds customer loyalty and supports our premium pricing.
Financial Responsibility
Our products drive commerce while promoting responsible spending, from the financial discipline of charge cards to expense management solutions that have saved client companies billions of dollars.
Customer Insights
Our closed-loop network gives us valuable insights into the preferences of our customers. We use our marketing and information management capabilities to help merchants attract more customers and give cardmembers access to relevant offers and experiences. In doing so, we create value while maintaining strict privacy policies.
Innovation
We have a long record of firsts and bests in our industries, and we continue to push the boundaries with recent products like Zync, a build-your-own charge card that features a selection of lifestyle packs, and AcceptPay, an online invoicing tool that helps small business owners get paid faster.
MORE CHOICE
Over 1 million redemption options and counting
At a time when many institutions have squandered the public’s trust, companies with strong, respected brands will have a tremendous competitive advantage. American Express remains one of the world’s best known and most trusted brands. We are widely recognized as a service leader. Our tradition of customer care, forged throughout 160 years of doing business, will continue to set us apart from the competition.
THINK ZYNC
Custom-build your own card with a range of lifestyle options
       12

   2/3
OF THE WORLD’S
consumer payments are still made using cash and checks
AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY
   A Differentiated Business Model
The American Express business model is like no other. We are the only company with a strong global presence in all parts of the payments chain as a card issuer, network, processor and merchant acquirer. We offer a broad range of products and services for consumers, small businesses, mid- size companies and large corporations. And we are spend-centric rather than lend-centric like the majority of our competitors. These differences give us multiple sources of revenue and superior economics.
A BREED APART
The differences I’ve outlined help define us as a unique competitor. But to understand American Express, and our potential, it’s important to take an even broader view of the company.
Yes, we are a payments company that processes billions of transactions around the world, but thinking of us strictly in terms of financial services is too narrow. It doesn’t fully capture the role we play in our customers’ lives.
American Express is a global service company, providing customers with exceptional access to products, insights and experiences that enrich lives and build business success.
This description may sound lofty, but it’s quite tangible. We see it every time we make a purchase easier and more secure, facilitate a once-in-a- lifetime experience, replace a lost or stolen item, or bring in another sale or save another dollar for our clients and partners.
It’s not about a piece of plastic, a travel office or a software tool we provide. It’s about using our
processing, information management, marketing and servicing skills to create value for our customers and earn income as a result. It’s about the power of a relationship with American Express.
Now, let me explain how we plan to use these assets to drive growth in 2010 and beyond.
DRIVING GROWTH
We have many opportunities for growth across our existing businesses and in newly emerging areas.
These include:
Growing our existing payments businesses—Global payments will continue to migrate away from cash and checks, and customers will seek out companies that offer greater value, benefits and service in the new economy. More than two-thirds of global consumer payments still take place via cash and checks. To tap this opportunity, we will focus on growing our share-of-wallet among consumers, small businesses and corporations. Front and center in our plans will be enhancing our charge, prepaid, premium lending and co-brand offerings; broadening merchant acceptance; maximizing global network partnerships; and expanding commercial card and travel solutions.
Tapping new sources of fee revenues—We have a powerful and unique set of assets, including our closed-loop network, information management capabilities, rewards expertise, and servicing network. We are only just beginning to tap their potential to serve our customers and create new sources of income. For example, we recently launched two new lines of business. LoyaltyEdge
EVERYDAY SPENDING
Today, 71 percent of spending on our cards comes from non- T&E purchases
     13
3/2

 AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY
   uses our rewards platforms and expertise to build customer loyalty programs for business partners. Business Insights uses our information management skills to help merchants increase their sales. These are the first of a range of new, valuable fee services that we expect to introduce to the marketplace.
Accelerating our progress in alternative payments— Technology and social networking are changing the way people communicate, relate and transact with each other. We intend to play a key role in the evolution of alternative payments, using strategic investments and partnerships to add to our own capabilities.
For example, we recently acquired Revolution Money, a young company whose online payments platform offers innovative ways to exchange money with friends, family members and merchants. This deal gives us a flexible technology platform to increase our presence in person-to-person payments, introduce new alternative payment products, and develop mobile solutions. This is a relatively small acquisition that we believe has big potential.
Another exciting move is the partnership we formed with ICBC and UMPay to launch China’s first dual-currency mobile payments card. With its nearly 700 million mobile phone users, China is a promising market for this type of product.
Meanwhile, we continue to build our online presence as a brand people can trust. At OPEN Forum, we bring small business owners together to
PREMIER CO-BRANDS
help us attract loyal, high- spending customers around the world
share knowledge that can help them be successful. On Twitter, Amex followers get inside access to exclusive events, experiences, and offers from the company. At Zync Tank, twenty-somethings are helping us shape product features for our newest charge card.
We see tremendous opportunity to expand into new categories of money exchange built around speed, security and personal expression.
CHANGING THE ORGANIZATION
To better position American Express for growth, we made three key changes to our organizational structure this past October.
First, we grouped our global consumer, small business, merchant and network businesses under the senior leadership of our Vice Chairman Edward Gilligan. This move will enable us to increase alignment between these related organizations and sharpen our focus on our strongest growth opportunities, while maintaining appropriate firewalls between our card-issuing and GNS businesses.
Second, we are creating an Enterprise Growth Group that will focus exclusively on generating new sources of fee revenue from our existing assets and advancing our efforts in emerging payments. This includes developing new opportunities for growth that transcend individual businesses and take advantage of technological trends.
Third, we created a new Global Services Group that will power the day-to-day servicing of our internal and external customers. Under
PREMIUM NETWORK
We also have 130 partners worldwide who issue cards accepted on our network
                                                                  14
 
   the leadership of Group President and Chief Information Officer Stephen Squeri, Global Services unites our U.S. and international cardmember servicing organizations, Global Technologies, and most processing and support functions across the company. Creating this group will heighten our focus on customer service and ensure all our business operations are managed as effectively and efficiently as possible.
This marks a fundamental shift in the way we manage our business support activities, which is a large component of our expense base. We will now organize support functions by process rather than business unit, which should streamline costs, reduce duplication of work, better integrate skills and expertise, and improve the service we provide our customers.
Also, as part of this reorganization, I am working directly with the leaders of our Commercial Card and Business Travel groups on overall strategies to capitalize on growth opportunities within B2B.
DELIVERING SUPERIOR SERVICE
always tried to stand out from the crowd as a company that is honest and transparent in all its dealings with customers. We also want to be known as the company that will go the extra mile to help you, and so we remain dedicated to providing outstanding service.
In 2009, we received our third-consecutive J.D. Power and Associates award for highest customer satisfaction among credit card companies. We
Service has been part of our brand heritage since the beginning, and it remains a major reason why our customers choose us today. Providing great service has never been more critical than in these uncertain times, when customers are looking for companies they can rely on.
Credit card providers are a much maligned group right now. There have been some egregious practices in the industry that have sparked public outcry and the need for legislation. We have
REVOLUTION MONEY
acquisition adds cutting-edge e-payment technology
were also named to BusinessWeek’s annual roster of customer service champs, and received many other awards for distinguished service around the world. While we are delighted by this recognition, we are committed to raising our game.
We will continue to work hard to improve our servicing platform and processes, the skills of our customer care professionals, and the quality of all our products and services.
CUSTOMER SATISFACTION
We ranked highest in J.D. Power and Associates’ 2009 Credit Card Satisfaction Study
AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY
   “
 SERVICE HAS
BEEN PART OF OUR BRAND HERITAGE... and it remains a
majorreasonw”
hy choose us today.
our customers
        15

  POSITIONED TO WIN
American Express has survived and thrived through booms, busts, wars, technology revolutions and cultural change. There’s a simple reason why—we never assume things will return to the way they were. Instead, we prepare for a new way forward.
Throughout the recent economic crisis, we took the steps necessary to deal with the here and now. We also kept looking toward the future, realizing that all cycles change and new opportunities will emerge.
We have an opportunity in 2010 to extend our market leadership coming out of last year’s economic collapse. We worked hard getting through the downturn, and now we aim to make the most of this chance.
With our financial strength, unique competitive advantages, the power of our brand and, most of all, the quality and character of our people, we are ready.
Sincerely,
KENNETH I. CHENAULT
CHAIRMAN & CEO
AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY February 26, 2010
  