 AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY
to ouR SHAReHolDeRS
Everyone likes
a comeback story.
Our company’s return to growth after the recession was just that and more. We earned $4.1 billion in 2010, nearly double the amount from
a year earlier. Sharply higher spending by cardmembers, even in these budget-conscious times, and steadily improving credit quality drove
our results. As we brought earnings back to our pre-recession peak,
we also invested heavily in capabilities and products that we expect
will serve us, and our customers, well in the years ahead.
08

 Coming into 2010, we made some fundamental assumptions about the needs of our customers in a changing environment. We believed that people would be looking for greater value for their money, service they could count on, financial control, convenient online experiences, and connections that could help enhance their lives and build their businesses. Our results say that we are answering those needs.
Cardmembers spent a record $713 billion on their American Express cards during 2010, a 15 percent increase from a year ago. We saw broad-based growth in billings among consumers, small businesses and large companies around the world. Our billings grew faster than those of any other major card issuer by a wide margin. We also far outpaced economic indicators such as retail sales growth. These accomplishments show the quality of our premium customer base and our ability to earn their loyalty by providing industry-leading service, benefits and rewards.
Our cardmembers spent more; they also spent responsibly. Fewer fell behind on payments. Many paid down outstanding debt. These factors, as well as steps we took to better manage risk, helped improve our key credit indicators to levels we had not seen since before the recession. Write-offs in our worldwide lending portfolio were 4.3 percent in the fourth quarter, down from 7.4 percent a year earlier. Accounts 30-days past due declined to 2.1 percent from 3.6 percent. These results stood out as the best among all major card issuers.
As credit trends improved, we reduced the funds we set aside for problem loans, while still keeping our reserves at appropriate levels. We set aside $2.2 billion in provisions for losses, down 58 percent from 2009. This aided earnings and gave us more money to invest in the business.
Total revenues net of interest expense rose 13 percent to $27.8 billion, although a required
accounting change drove much of this increase. The benefits of higher cardmember spending were partially offset by lower net interest income from our managed lending portfolio. While we would have liked to see higher absolute revenue growth, we turned in a strong performance relative to our peers who rely much more heavily on lending. Growing the business remains a top priority, and we have a wide range of efforts underway designed to generate additional revenue.
growth And efficiency
Where did we invest in 2010? Marketing and promotion expenses rose 60 percent to support customer acquisition, new products and brand advertising. Spending on cardmember rewards, which help to drive charge volume and credit quality, rose 25 percent. We expanded the sales forces in our commercial card and merchant services organizations, staffed up to grow new fee service businesses, and built out our Enterprise Growth team. We also consolidated and upgraded technology platforms and made other infrastructure enhancements to increase efficiency.
We look for opportunities in challenging times. That’s one reason why we chose to invest heavily instead of letting more funds flow directly to our bottom line. This isn’t a new philosophy for us. Higher investment spending in the latter half of 2009 contributed to our strong business volumes in 2010. Similarly, we think our investments in 2010 will help support revenue growth in the years ahead. Some of these investments are meant for short-term payback, while others are for multi-year efforts that lay a foundation for growth for the moderate to long term.
We have built considerable flexibility into our expense base to adjust investment spending—up
AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY
  09

 or down—based on business conditions and windows of opportunity. In 2010, we accelerated our investments to take advantage of our strong financial performance. As we manage through 2011, we will likely reduce this spending from the historically high level of the past year. Even so, we plan to continue making substantial investments.
While we ramped up investments in 2010, we kept ongoing operating expenses well- controlled. Across the company, we stress the link between efficiency and growth. We search for ways to improve both costs and quality in all our major business processes. By following this formula, we continue to generate reengineering benefits and free up funds to invest in growth.
creAting momentum
We are excited about the momentum we generated in 2010 and the moves designed to
BILLED BUSINESS
(in billions)
put us in a strong position for the future. Some examples include our:
Enhanced charge card and premium co-brand lineup: New products and features have given our customers more reasons to use our cards. We launched Centurion, Platinum and Gold cards in several countries, as well as co-brands with outstanding partners. As part of our focus on premium customers, we now have Centurion cards in 30 countries around the world.
Rewards as a virtual currency: Membership Rewards, one of the world’s largest loyalty platforms, has essentially become a virtual currency. Cardmembers can increasingly redeem their points online for a broad array of purchases directly at merchants’ websites. The sheer size of our points bank, combined with the appeal of Membership Rewards to our cardmembers and redemption partners, is fueling this trend. One example: shop with points on Amazon.com.
CARDS-IN-FORCE
(in millions)
AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY
              06 07 08 09 10
06 07 08 09 10
 Billed business rose 15 percent to a record $713 billion on increased spending by consumers, small businesses and corporations. American Express added 3.1 million cards-in-force on a net basis during the year, while improved targeting and segmentation led to higher spending by first-year cardmembers.
10
 $561 $647 $683 $620 $713
78.0 86.4 92.4 87.9 91.0

 Since launching last September, this has become one of our most popular redemption options.
B2B e-commerce expansion: We had strong growth in our commercial payments business, with record charge volume, continued expansion into new spending categories, and new online expense management products. Today, nearly fouroutofeverytendollarsspentoncommercial cards is for non-T&E purchases.
Digital advances: Being a part of our customers’ digital lifestyles means engaging with them in new ways. We are evolving our traditional businesses for an increasingly digital world, such as mobilizing communities through social media, delivering location-based offers, crowd sourcing product design and feedback, and evolving Membership Rewards as a virtual currency.
New capabilities: We are also finding new, easier ways to deliver valuable offers. Take our Registered Card technology. It allows merchants to make custom-tailored offers to our cardmembers without coupons or codes. Merchants can target and reward specific customer actions, such as multiple visits or certain spending thresholds. The reward appears automatically on the cardmember’s billing statement.
Strategic acquisitions: Some capabilities we develop on our own, others we buy. In 2010, we acquired Accertify, a leading provider of online fraud prevention services for merchants. We also announced an agreement to acquire Loyalty Partner, a company that links 35 million consumers with hundreds of merchant partners in loyalty coalitions across Germany, Poland and India. In this model, multiple merchants join together to operate a single loyalty program with a common rewards currency. This acquisition will greatly increase our customer
base outside the U.S. and expand our skill set in customer loyalty management.
Payment forms beyond charge and credit: Since acquiring Revolution Money about a year ago, we have been working to transition it from a separate business unit into an enterprise-wide platform to support future digital initiatives. In 2011, we plan to launch this next-generation payment platform, rebranded and retooled, as a first step toward delivering more alternative payment options, including peer-to-peer payments, mobile capabilities, prepaid products, virtual currencies and international remittances.
New fee services: We continue to find more ways to turn existing capabilities and relationships into new fee services. In the past 18 months, we launched or expanded several, including Business Insights, which provides analytics and consulting services to help merchants attract more customers and increase sales, and AcceptPay, which simplifies the invoicing and payment process for small businesses. While these efforts are still very young, we are encouraged by their progress. Overall, we set an aggressive goal to generate $3 billion in annual fee-based revenues for the company by the end of 2014.
Expanded merchant relationships: Our global merchant network is strong and growing. We added more than one million new merchant locations in 2010. At the same time, our average discount rate, or the fee we charge merchants for our services, has remained stable. Both results point to the superior value we provide to our merchant partners by driving more high- spending customers to their doors and websites.
Network partnerships: From the biggest bank in Russia, Sberbank, to retail icons Macy’s and Bloomingdale’s in the U.S., we continued to expand our Global Network Services (GNS) partnerships. Cards issued by our bank partners
AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY
11
 
 and processed on the American Express network made up the fastest-growing segment of our card portfolio in 2010, with 28 percent higher spending volume. These partnerships are now approaching $100 billion in annual volume.
Small business advocacy: American Express has long been an ally and advocate for small businesses, but we took it to a new level this past holiday season. We started a national movement to support the small, independently owned shops and restaurants that create jobs, boost the economy and preserve neighborhoods across the United States. The first ever Small Business Saturday, in between Black Friday and Cyber Monday, was a resounding success. It attracted more than one million Facebook fans, gained support from public officials and community advocates, and sparked higher sales for small businesses. We are proud of this effort and plan to make it even bigger in the years to come.
LOANS 30-DAYS PAST DUE AS A PERCENT OF TOTAL
Service enhancements: Service is really the lifeblood of our company. We do it well, but we aim to do it even better. In 2010, we expanded a major program called Relationship Care to improve the tools, training and hiring methods that drive excellent service. Customers tell us it’s working—our internally measured Recommend to a Friend scores and other satisfaction measures improved significantly. We received our fourth consecutive J.D. Power and Associates award for highest customer satisfaction among major U.S. credit card companies. And we won several other prestigious awards for service excellence in countries around the world.
Enterprise Growth: Finally, another important launch in 2010 wasn’t a new product or service, but a new organization within the company. We formed the Enterprise Growth Group to accelerate our development of alternative payments, mobile capabilities and partnerships,
WORLDWIDE CARDMEMBER LENDING NET WRITE-OFF RATE
AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY
            4Q 1Q 2Q 3Q 4Q 09 10 10 10 10
4Q 1Q 2Q 3Q 4Q 09 10 10 10 10
 Past-due and write-off rates improved throughout the year due to a mending economy and enhanced risk management. American Express led all major card issuers in these key measures of credit quality.
12
 3.6%
3.3% 2.8% 2.5% 2.1%
7.4%
7.0% 6.0% 5.1% 4.3%

 AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY
 Zync packs
ZYNC cardmembers can design their cards with special benefits and rewards to fit their passions, whether fashion, fitness, food or more.
  premium co-brands
With the addition of ANA in Japan, American Express now offers premium co-branded cards with
48 major airlines.
  digital deals
The Selects App, launched with partner Nedbank
in South Africa, enables cardmembers to access local discounts and special promotions—right from
their phones.
  chinese new year
A limited edition Year of the Rabbit Gift Card, specially designed for Chinese New Year’s gift givers, joined our growing lineup of prepaid cards.
 13
 
 and new fee services, which I mentioned earlier. We’ve brought in key talent to lead this group, and we are confident that it will be a success.
A tough environment
I hope this gives you a feel for some of the exciting things happening across our company. But, of course, we also have our share of concerns.
Chief among them: the recovering yet still troubled economy. Persistent unemployment, housing weakness and budget deficits in a number of countries continue to weigh on consumers and businesses. While the headwinds aren’t blowing at gale force anymore, they aren’t gentle breezes either. We continue to be cautious about the economy in 2011 despite some encouraging signs of improvement.
Increased regulation is another challenge. The past two years have been the most intense period of regulatory change for our industry since the 1930s. Everyone who experienced the near collapse of the financial markets knows that reforms were absolutely necessary. While many aspects of financial reform don’t affect our company because of our business model, certain changes directed at the credit card industry do impact us.
American Express supports reforms that protect consumers and promote competition and innovation in the marketplace. Our concern lies with regulation that leads to unintended consequences, such as provisions in the CARD Act that constrain card issuers from pricing for risk. These changes have led to higher costs and limited access to credit for many Americans.
The CARD Act will have the biggest impact on issuers who rely heavily on interest income from basic revolving credit products, and back- end and penalty fees. Because of our spend-based
model, it won’t affect us as much. While the CARD Act has reduced yields on our lending portfolio, we have taken steps to mitigate the impact.
The Durbin Amendment to the Dodd-Frank Act is another high-profile change. It empowers the Federal Reserve to limit interchange fees for debit cards as well as certain prepaid cards. The Fed’s initial proposal in December was very aggressive, though a final decision on the rules isn’t expected until this spring.
While they are a relatively small part of our business, we do issue prepaid cards. We don’t, however, issue debit cards. Still, a change in debit pricing could impact the overall payments industry.
We won’t know the effect on the industry until any regulations become final. Depending on how far the reduction in debit interchange goes, some merchants may try to steer customers toward debit. However, doing so would disrupt the sales process. In our experience, successful merchants are not eager to risk losing the goodwill of their customers. Beyond that, price controls may make debit cards less attractive to issuers and card holders. Consumers are likely to see higher prices and fewer rewards tied to debit products as the banking industry adjusts to lost revenues.
We oppose price controls on principle. Government regulation of prices undermines competition and ultimately harms the consumer, and a growing number of policymakers are pointing to the negative effects of such a policy.
The final Washington-related item I want to address is the lawsuit that the Department of Justice (DOJ) filed against American Express in October.
The suit claims that certain provisions in our merchant contracts violate antitrust law. In fact, these provisions protect our cardmembers from discrimination or disruption at the point of sale. Our concern is that the DOJ’s approach would put more power in the hands of the two largest
AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY
  14
 
 AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY
 SHOP WITH POINTS membership rewards
AT
Cardmembers enrolled in Membership Rewards can now use their points to pay for all or part of their purchases at Amazon.com.
             unstaged
Award-winning artists John Legend and The Roots were among the headliners of “Unstaged,” our original concert series, which lets the audience participate
via live streaming over the web.
   @AskAmex Morning, we’re all in today. Let’s make it a great day!
twitter servicing
The American Express Customer Care page on Twitter is another way we are serving customers when, where and how they want to do business with us.
 mobilextend
MobileXtend gives business travelers real-time access to itineraries, on-trip information and alerts via
their mobile devices, thereby increasing productivity, compliance and savings on the road.
 15
 
 card associations, Visa and MasterCard, which together control over 80 percent of general purpose credit and debit volume.
The DOJ says this action will help consumers. We think that’s just not true. In theory, the DOJ’s approach would make it easier for merchants to steer customers to lower-cost payment alternatives and pass on the savings. However, there is no evidence to suggest that this will happen, and nothing in the suit requires it. Here’s what would happen: more consumers would be pressured to use cards that don’t offer the rewards, service and benefits they prefer. Ultimately, that limits consumer choice at the point of sale.
Merchants choose to accept American Express because they appreciate our overall service and value, including more business from higher-spending customers. And millions of cardmembers choose to carry our cards because they prefer our premium products and service. It’s a matter of choice and value.
Like many legal arguments, this one could takeseveralyearstoresolve.Butweareconfident thatwehaveaverystrongcase.
While everyone will need to adapt to regulatory changes sweeping the industry, we believe long-term success in payments will continue to depend on several factors—treating customers well, delivering superior service, providing value in return for a fair price, and offering innovative solutions to address emerging tastes and needs. I am confident that American Express will continue to do all of these things extremely well.
AdAptAtion
American Express has prospered for more than 160 years because of our ability, time and again, to adapt our business. We’re doing it again now.
I believe our company has the best of both worlds—our established strengths in the form of our brand, premium customer base and unique business capabilities, combined with our ability to build on and transform those assets.
Weknowthatlonger-termgrowthwon’tcome from just maintaining the status quo, so we will:
• continue to innovate within our core businesses to deliver more value and deepen relationships with our customers;
• develop new fee-based services that further monetize our existing assets in information management, customer loyalty and rewards, and marketing services;
• pursue new opportunities in alternative payments and digital services that can expand the role we play in peer-to-peer and business-to-business commerce; and
• aggressively pursue opportunities to lower our cost base, streamline processes and increase productivity across the organization.
We are focused on several drivers that will help us accomplish these goals: providing greater value to merchants; adding more women, minorities and younger adults to our customer base; accelerating our growth outside the U.S.; making significant progress within Enterprise Growth; and increasing our share of online spending across all products, while transforming our customers’ digital experience.
New technologies are rapidly changing the way people interact with each other and transact business all around the world. A fresh generation of consumers is spending more of their lives on cloud-based digital architecture. They are connecting with their friends and families, joining communities built around personal interests, and transacting across multiple devices and operating systems. Smartphones and tablets have made this power portable. Against this backdrop, traditional
AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY
  16

 and non-traditional competitors are working to deliver digital and mobile payment services for both consumers and merchants.
In this changing landscape, we aim to be the payment provider of choice for our customers’ spending, whether that involves taking out a piece of plastic, clicking online or waving a mobile phone. As we evolve our business model and practices, we are starting from a very strong base.
Our position in online spending might surprise some people. We estimate that online billings across our merchant base totaled over $100 billion in 2010, giving us the largest share of online spending of any major card issuer. Now let’s widen the comparison to non-traditional competitors. Both American Express and PayPal grew online billings by more than 20 percent, but our global online volumes exceeded theirs by at least $8 billion, based on PayPal’s reporting. We believe we are the current leader in online commerce payments with a long runway for growth.
Our existing products have a strong online presence because of the trust people have in our brand, our commitment to privacy, the growing role of Membership Rewards in the digital marketplace, and the many ways we have been delivering services and building communities in this space.
Lookingahead,wethinktherearesignificant growth opportunities for charge and premium credit products, which will continue to adapt their functionality and delivery methods to fit an increasingly digital world. The virtual world truly is a cashless society. As more transactions and purchases move online, electronic payments are the only way to pay. This trend serves to shift themixofpaymentsawayfromcash.
At American Express, we don’t see this transformation as the end of the plastic card,
but rather as the beginning of a new range of possibilities involving cards, mobile devices and digital wallets. In any event, the service we provide isn’t really about the plastic. It’s about the relationships, the data, the connections and the customer care systems that create added value. Form factors will eventually change, but the value our network generates for customers and business partners will become more powerfulasweapplynewtechnologies.
At the same time, growth opportunities outside of traditional charge and credit products— such as prepaid, payroll cards, remittances and virtual currencies—are opening up as social norms change and emerging economies develop. We are active in these areas, and capturing even a small portion of this opportunity could add substantial revenues in the coming years.
We know there are many competitive threats, including entrants who want to displace traditional payment providers. But we have enormous assets: a brand that stands for service and security; a powerhouse of data and analytics derived from our closed-loop business model; a premium customer base; expertise and breadth across the payments system; advanced marketing capabilities; rewards as a virtual currency; and a strong financial foundation.
Our global footprint is another advantage. More and more, individuals, merchants and businesses are looking for global solutions. With a presence in over 130 markets and relationships with premier banking, retail and airline partners, we have considerable reach and scale. Our premium focus and the diversity of our products, customer groups, and operating models have helped us generate strong earnings and revenue growth. Over the last three years, we have doubled our international business operations’ pretaxincome,despitetherecession.*Webelieve
AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY
 *See footnote 25 to the company’s 2010 consolidated financial statements relating to geographic operations for a reconciliation to consolidated pretax income.
17

 that we have the commitment, assets and track record to be very successful in the fast-growing international payments category.
We also have a deep, experienced and creative leadership team to take this company forward. Most importantly, I believe there are no better employees anywhere than the more than 60,000 men and women who make up American Express.
Together, we are working on our company’s next transformation—integrating our traditional businesses ever more thoroughly into the digital universe, while developing new forms of payment and lifestyle services. We will expand and evolve our product set and refine our delivery and distribution systems. In these ways, we aim to build upon our company’s heritage of innovation, adding to the possibilities our network creates for our customers.
At our core, American Express is a global service company that enriches lives and builds business success for our customers. Our network is more than a transaction gateway. It’s a community of consumers, merchants, small businesses, corporate clients and issuing partners. We link them together, using our unique capabilities to deliver insights, access and value. This is our true competitive advantage, the American Express network advantage.
I am excited about our future. With our assets and the talented, dedicated people in our company, I believe we will do more than just keep up with changing times. We can lead the way.
Sincerely,
Kenneth i. chenault
Chairman & CEO
American Express Company February 25, 2011
AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY
 