March 17, 2009

To Our Stockholders:  2008 was a year of both accomplishments and challenges at Allegheny. We were successful in removing substantial regulatory risk from our business and moving forward with our key projects. But it was also a year of rising coal costs, a global recession and the worst stock market decline since 1937 ­ all of which adversely affected us.  Despite these challenges, our business remains profitable, our liquidity is solid, and our long-term growth catalysts remain substantially intact. Even with the disappointing performance of our stock in 2008, Allegheny's return on a five-year basis was the best of any company in the Edison Electric Institute utility index of 57 companies.  Our achievements last year included:

 Regulatory. We secured recovery of fuel and purchased power costs in both our Virginia and West Virginia jurisdictions. This was particularly significant in Virginia, where we were losing about $100 million annually due to under-recovery.  In Pennsylvania, where our rate caps expire at the end of next year, regulators approved our power procurement and rate mitigation plans, and we will hold our first auction to procure power in April.  Transmission expansion. Our Trans-Allegheny Interstate Line was approved by regulators in all three states the line crosses. With financing in place and construction started, we are on schedule for completion in June 2011.  For our second transmission project, the Potomac-Appalachian Transmission Highline, we secured Federal Energy Regulatory Commission approval for incentive rate treatment, including a 14.3 percent return on equity. We expect to file for state regulatory approvals this year.  Environmental improvements. Our scrubber installation projects at the Hatfield's Ferry and Fort Martin power stations remained on schedule and on budget. When placed into service later this year, the equipment will reduce our sulfur dioxide emissions by about 70 percent.  Energy efficiency and conservation programs to comply with recent legislation in Maryland and Pennsylvania are a major area of focus. Work is underway to move these programs forward.  High performance. Our quality improvement initiatives continue to produce results. For 2008, our supercritical power plants had their best performance since we've been keeping records, and Allegheny Power sustained its top-quartile safety ranking.  Turning to 2009, we face the challenge of a weakening U.S. economy. Maintaining solid liquidity and a strong financial condition, as well as controlling costs, are our top priorities.  I am confident that with our experienced management team, dedicated employees and loyal stockholders, we will weather the economic downturn and keep our place as one of the premier companies in the electric utility industry. We appreciate your continued support. Sincerely,

Paul J. Evanson Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

