 AutoZone’s Pledge, est. 1986
AutoZoners always put customers first!
We know our parts and products.
Our stores look great!
We’ve got the best merchandise at the right price.
 Dear Customers, AutoZoners and Stockholders,
On behalf of our more than 76,000 AutoZoners, I am honored to update you on our progress during fiscal 2014 and to
review our opportunities for 2015 and beyond. The picture on the cover of this Annual Report is reflective of where we
started and where we are headed. This past year we celebrated our 35th year in business. Back in 1979 our founder, Pitt
Hyde, and his team recognized that the automotive aftermarket segment of the economy was underserved. Following this
vision, AutoZoners have achieved many amazing accomplishments that have built this company into the great enterprise
we all enjoy today. We recognized and celebrated those achievements in 2014 and thanked AutoZoners, both past and present, with a reunion hosted in Memphis this past June. It was truly inspiring to see the passion AutoZoners from previous decades still have for this company and our culture.
We are excited about our Operating Theme for 2015: WOW! Every Customer, Everywhere. This theme builds on last year’s message of Creating Customers for Life. While we can always “reinvent” our message each year, this is not our culture. We view our past as a building block to support growth for the present and future. As we have become a more international company in recent years, we think it is important to remind our AutoZoners to embrace
our culture and do whatever it takes to take care of the customer. While this is a simple concept, it is not easy for our AutoZoners to deliver this brand promise. Each year we try to adopt themes that build on our success and translate seamlessly across our diverse company. As we have learned from our predecessors, by taking care of the customer, they will give us many more reasons why they shop with us than we could ever give them ourselves. In that spirit we continue to embrace the simple message of our Pledge. Written over 25 years ago, our Pledge is as relevant and appropriate today as it was when it was written. We will always put customers first!
The wide open road on the cover and the simple picture of a vehicle represents our kind of customer. While we were founded as a retailer back in 1979, we have evolved to providing comprehensive products and information to both our retail customers and our professional commercial customers. This has required us to establish new processes, build new systems, hire and train new personnel and expand our product offerings in order to effectively compete in this category. The road also reflects all the countries where we’re now doing business: along with the U.S., we have over 400 stores in Mexico and
a handful of locations in Brazil. We’re also in Canada and Western Europe with our ALLDATA software products that cater to professional repair shops. Lastly, we have a greater web presence than ever before. We built our e-Commerce site, autozone.com, and opened it for business in 1996. However, our offering is a far cry from those early years. We are proud of what we’ve accomplished but we continue to have opportunities to enhance our offerings to meet our customers where, when and how they want to interact with us. Our websites, autozone.com and autozonepro.com, are used to support our digital integration strategy; these sites offer learning and educational tools for our customers as well as a shopping tool. To that end, we welcomed AutoAnything to our company during Fiscal 2013 to provide performance and accessory products to our online customers. AutoAnything, in our opinion, is the industry leader in servicing the accessories and performance side of the business and provides us with a platform to meet these customers’ needs better than ever before. They have been a great fit with our company, and we are very pleased with the cross-learning our organizations have had and the synergies that are occurring. And, finally, in the spirit of continuing to expand our offerings with smaller, tuck-in acquisitions, we acquired Interamerican Motor Corporation (IMC) in September 2014. IMC is the second largest distributor of OE quality import replacement parts in the United States. With its extensive line of original equipment brands for almost all European and Asian cars, we believe the IMC business will benefit both our retail and commercial customers. Looking forward, 2015 will be a busy year for us as we work to expand IMC and leverage their offerings across
our AutoZone stores.
Fiscal 2014 was a solid sales and earnings year for AutoZone which we believe lays a foundation for the possibility of an even better year in 2015. During 2014, we invested a tremendous amount of time and money on tests to improve inventory availability. Our tests included increasing the frequency of delivery of inventory to our stores
and on increased access to expanded inventory assortments in select Hub stores. These tests helped us identify areas where more availability and quicker replenishment of inventory really mattered. We expect our findings from 2014 to enable us to make decisions during 2015 regarding any potential changes to our supply chain strategy and structure. Along with testing expanding product availability, we also continued opening more domestic stores, hub stores and international stores. We also tested a new prototype which expands our holding capacity for hard parts. This past year we invested more in our information systems infrastructure
than we’ve done in many years. This increased investment will help build upon and improve, what we believe to be, the best systems in our industry.
                      
 Summary of 2014 Results
During 2014, we had many successes. We exceeded $9.4 billion in sales, up 5.6% over fiscal year 2013, and we delivered $31.57
in earnings per share, up $16.3% over 2013. All references to growth over prior year in this section are adjusted to reflect comparable week comparisons as fiscal 2013 had an additional week. We also:
• Expanded our domestic store base by a net 148 stores, for a total of 4,984 stores
• Opened 424 new Commercial programs, ending the year with commercial programs in 77% of our domestic store base • Increased our presence in Mexico by 40 stores ending with 402 stores
• Opened two additional stores in Brazil, for a total of five locations
• Significantly grew our on-line offerings at autozone.com and autozonepro.com
• Opened 11 additional hub stores, finishing the fiscal year with 166 hubs
• Continued with our industry leading Return on Invested Capital (ROIC) reporting 31.9% for fiscal 2014
• Generated over $1 billion of Operating Cash Flow for the fifth consecutive year
• Repurchased more than $1 billion in shares for the sixth consecutive year
Again, these results were the product of the efforts of all of our AutoZoners and their continued dedication to delivering an exceptional level of customer service. We have achieved what we have because of their commitments to customer service, our Pledge, and our Values.
We are looking forward to 2015! U.S. Retail
We are the country’s largest retailer of automotive aftermarket products with more than 4,900 stores across 49 United States. Our retail initiatives for 2014 were: (1) Great People Providing Great Service; (2) Leveraging the Internet; (3) Leveraging Technology to improve the customer experience while optimizing efficiencies; and (4) Improving Inventory Availability.
Our retail initiatives generally don’t change significantly from year to year. Our Great People Providing Great Service initiative has been and will continue to be a constant as it is imperative we have great people providing great service! This year technology became a much larger focus for our organization. We are committed to a multi-year approach to enhancing our systems, both hardware and software, to ensure our AutoZoners have the best, most reliable tools available. In 2014, we significantly increased our investment in this area and expect an increased level of investment for years to come.
As discussed above, we initiated some significant tests around inventory availability in 2014. We tested daily delivery from some of our eight domestic distribution centers to selected stores. In other markets, we substantially increased our assortment in two Hub stores and leveraged the increased assortment across multiple other Hubs and their satellite stores. In both tests, we were pleased with the incremental sales that were generated and both tests met our rate of return requirements. For 2015, we are continuing to study these tests with the goal of determining the optimal model across our entire distribution network. Since so much of our hard parts assortment turns at or just over one time a year, we are being cautious before declaring victory on any of our tests until we are able to see the year over year results of our work. Although we have not concluded our testing, we believe our positive results can have a material effect on future performance.
   
 U.S. Commercial
In fiscal 2014, our Commercial sales grew 12.8% on a comparable 52 week basis. This customer base remains highly fragmented, and we see tremendous opportunities to increase market share. We opened 424 net new locations this past year, and have opened an amazing 1,186 net new programs over the last three years. Currently, 31% of our Commercial programs are three years old or less. We now have the commercial program in 77% of our domestic stores base and we see opportunities to continue to open additional programs and grow sales in our existing programs. Through our recent IMC acquisition, we believe we can provide a wider product assortment to our existing customers and add new customers. We believe we are well positioned for growth in this space for 2015 and beyond.
International
With over 400 locations across Mexico, and just a handful in Brazil, we continued our strategy of international store development during 2014. While our business model performed well this past year, we are not without developmental challenges. Just as we have focused on improving our information systems across the U.S., we are doing the same with
our international operations. Our goal is to have all our stores across the world on the same platform. This is a challenging
task since there are differing requirements for doing business, for example, in Brazil versus Mexico. This common platform development will take a few years to complete. We have a well-developed business in Mexico and will continue to expand our presence there. In Brazil, we remain in “test phase” as we continue to work to develop a model that works well for our Brazilian customers and is financially viable. We are excited about AutoZone’s potential on an international basis for years to come.
Digital Integration
This concept was introduced at the beginning of fiscal 2014 and we have been working to develop and refine our initiatives in this area. This effort strives to leverage all our “digital assets” to both communicate with and sell more effectively to our customers. We have a wealth of data, content and customer relationships from ALLDATA, autozone.com, autozonepro.com, AutoAnything, and now IMC. Our goal is to combine these views and look at our customers on a more holistic basis. We remain in the early stages of this initiative, but we understand our challenges and see our opportunities. This promises to be an important part of our thinking on customer relationships for years to come. This will remain a key focus in 2015.
   
 Our Future
Our operating theme for 2015 is “WOW! Every Customer, Everywhere.” The theme builds on last year’s “Creating Customers for
Life” theme. Our goal is to not only meet our customers’ needs but also surpass their expectations by going the extra mile for them. We have always understood there are choices our customers can make on where they shop, and we don’t take this for granted.
Every customer interaction is an opportunity for us to “surprise and delight” leading our customers’ to say “WOW!” or conversely, an opportunity for us to disappoint a customer – an unacceptable outcome. We are building on our past successes and believe our future continues to be quite bright.
For fiscal 2015, our key priorities are the same as last year. We will focus on: (1) Great People Providing Great Service; (2) Commercial Growth; (3) Leveraging the Internet; (4) Leveraging Technology to improve the customer experience while optimizing efficiencies; and (5) Improving Inventory Availability. Our approach remains one of consistency where superior execution is a competitive differentiator. But, our approach must also evolve over time to meet and exceed our customers’ needs, and each of these efforts is focused on enhancing our operations to provide a superior experience for all of our customers. We have a solid business model that is built on delivering consistent financial results. This past quarter, we celebrated our 32nd consecutive quarter of double digit EPS growth, on
a year over year basis. We are very pleased with this amazing accomplishment but past success does not equate to future success. We must continue to improve every facet of our business and we are committed to meeting or exceeding the ever changing needs of our diverse customer base. As we think about the future, we intend to continue to grow new store square footage at an annual rate of three to four percent and we expect to continue to grow our Commercial business at an accelerated rate. Therefore, we look to routinely grow EBIT dollars in the low to mid-single digit range, or better in times of strength. And we will continue to leverage our historically strong cash flows to repurchase shares in order to grow our earnings per share into double digits. We will invest in initiatives that provide us with an appropriate return. Our Return on Invested Capital, at 31.9%, is one of the best in all of hardlines retailing. We will continue to be good stewards of capital as we understand the capital we deploy is your capital.
Lastly, I want to thank our AutoZoners for their exceptional efforts in 2014. They have performed well in both good and more challenging times. They embrace our culture with an intense passion to provide our customers with an exceptional experience.
As we begin 2015, we must continue to focus on our customers’ needs and exceed their expectations. We have an ambitious list of objectives to accomplish in 2015, and we’re committed to delivering again in 2015. I would also like to thank our vendors for their ongoing commitment to our collective success. Finally, I would like to thank you, our stockholders, for the confidence you have placed in us by your decision to invest in our company. We remain committed to managing your capital wisely, achieving an appropriate return on incremental projects and returning excess cash through an orderly share repurchase program.
We have a wonderful culture that has been built over the past 35 years. While we have performed well in the past, we have to remain passionate about our Pledge, culture and values to earn our customers’ business. I continue to believe our best days are ahead. Thank you for staying in the Zone with us for all these years.
We look forward to updating you on our continued success well into the future. Sincerely,
Bill Rhodes
Chairman, President and CEO Customer Satisfaction
    