To our Customers, AutoZoners and Stockholders,
We kicked off our 20th year of business much like we ended our 19th - with an acquisition. In October, we purchased 100 terrific Express locations from Pep Boys. But FY99 wasn't about acquiring stores. Instead, we concentrated our efforts on weaving the AutoZone culture into the stores we'd acquired from Pep Boys and Chief and making those locations more profitable. In a few cases, that meant closing a store that was too close to an AutoZone or was situated in an underperforming location or undersized building. For others it meant relocating a store to more productive property. But the majority of our efforts went toward converting acquired stores as quickly ­ and economically ­ as possible. We knew earning the expected return on those investments meant transforming them into full-fledged AutoZone stores ­ complete with new signs, new systems, new parts and a new passion for serving customers. And by the end of the year, that aggressive conversion schedule was complete with 445 acquired stores changed over. Early results have confirmed our eagerness to convert those stores. Average weekly sales have shown sizable increases at both the former Express locations and Chief stores since the conversions. Of course, there's a cost that comes with those numbers. The vast majority of the Chief stores were in California, a state where everything seems to be more expensive including labor. It didn't take us long to realize we'd underputted a bit in forecasting the conversion costs. But we still managed to increase EPS 10% over the prior year to $1.63 per share. Other significant financial accomplishments included: · Sales rose 27% to $4.12 billion · Comparable store sales increased by 4% · Net income increased 7% to $244.8 million We're proud to report our accomplishments in FY99 weren't limited to acquired stores. We strengthened our position in existing markets and entered several new markets with an internal growth plan that gave us 54 net new AutoZone stores last year. Included in that number were the 191 stores we closed last year. The bulk of those closings were the acquired stores mentioned earlier. The remaining handful were underperforming AutoZone stores. It's important to point out that in our 20 year history, we've closed less than two percent of our internally developed stores. Store development reached an exciting new milestone last year as we embarked upon our first international venture. We opened six stores in Mexico near the U.S. border. While we're still getting a feel for the culture and business climate, we're very encouraged by the early results there. Future expansion will be slow and deliberate as we continue to learn better ways to meet the needs of our Mexican customers. Along with the progress in the field, we made a few changes at the store support center in Memphis. Extensive searches outside the company produced important additions to our senior management team. Gene Auerbach was named senior vice president, store development, customer satisfaction. He replaces Lawrence Evans who retired at the end of the fiscal year. Gene's strong domestic and international retail experience includes three years as director of Asian operations for The Dairy Farm Company, an international operator of supermarkets, drugstores, convenience stores and restaurants. His proven organizational skills and P&L discipline are what we're counting on to lead our ambitious store expansion plans. Bruce Clark joined the company as chief information officer and senior vice president, systems, technology and support, customer satisfaction. He filled the vacancy left when Steve Valentine took on new responsibilities in store operations.

Sales

($ millions)

4,116

Operating Profit
($ millions) 321 269 228

433 382

Net Income

($ millions) 195 167 139

228

245

Earnings Per Share
($) 1.48 1.28 .93 1.11

1.63

3,243 2,691 2,243 1,808

95 96 97 98 99

95 96 97 98 99 2

95 96 97 98 99

95 96 97 98 99

Bruce has vast experience in retail systems, most recently as CIO and senior vice president for Brylane, Inc. ­ a consumer catalog business which includes Lane Bryant and Chadwick's of Boston. Bruce will be responsible for furthering our competitive edge in the evolving field of technology. Joe Fabiano was brought in as chief people officer and senior vice president, human resources, customer satisfaction. Joe's extensive experience in domestic and international human resources management includes time as vice president, human resources for Tricon Global Restaurants and senior vice president, human resources for Gruma Corporation. Joe's focus will be on making AutoZone the employer of choice in all of retailing. AutoZone's stock repurchase program, which was first announced in January 1998, was significantly increased during FY99. At the end of the fiscal year, our board had approved $400 million of company stock to be repurchased, dating back to the initial announcement. We closed out the year with over $260 million of stock already repurchased and another $100 million under contract to buy. We consider this ongoing program to be a wise investment. Outside of the auto parts business, FY99 was a year of visible progress for our other businesses, as well. At TruckPro, we introduced a fantastic new store design which includes some retail concepts that have proven successful in our AutoZone stores. It features an updated logo, better in-store signage and a larger sales floor. Most importantly, we've expanded the selection. The new layout offers our heavy-duty customers a much greater selection of parts and accessories. We've updated 23 stores with the new look. We also incorporated the changes in the three new TruckPro stores opened last year, bringing the store count to 46. So far, our heavy-duty customers have responded favorably, and plans are to convert the remaining stores as soon as it's feasible.

ALLDATA continues to make major strides as the leading provider of electronic diagnostic and repair information. To see the latest venture, cast your browser out to www.alldatadiy.com. There, you'll see the first generation of AutoZone's web commerce. Launched in June, this site offers ALLDATA's world-class diagnostic and repair information on a paid subscription basis to anybody with Internet access. A link on AutoZone's home page directs our customers to this new and exciting addition to the information superhighway. We'll continue to find ways to improve and enhance these other ventures. But the thing we're most looking forward to in FY00 is the opportunity to really focus on what we do best ­ selling auto parts. With the acquisitions and conversions behind us, our core domestic business will get the bulk of our attention. And the energy that went into completing the rigorous conversion schedule can now be directed toward the principles that made us the industry leader - things like our enduring culture, our cutting-edge store development concepts, our passion for providing the best parts and our famous customer service. That focus on the core business is reflected in this annual report. Our 20th birthday created a terrific opportunity to talk about the basic ideas on which we were founded. Ideas that were so fundamentally right for our business back in 1979 that 20 years later, they're still the guiding principles for all 40,483 AutoZoners. They're absolutely what it takes to keep us in the clear-cut lead and to carry us miles (or kilometers) into the future.

John Adams Chairman & CEO Customer Satisfaction

Tim Vargo President & COO Customer Satisfaction

After Tax Return On Average Equity
23% 22%

20% 19% 19%

95 96 97 98 99 3

