Driving Transformation, Growth, and Success... History tells us that it is not the strongest that survive, but the most adaptable to change; the same is true for companies. Barnes Group Inc. has paid a cash dividend to stock holders on a continuous basis since 1934; this long success has been made possible by the Company's visionary leaders and their abilities to adapt to changing environments. Today, our Company continues to transform itself by adapting to the rapidly changing global business environment. In 2011, we divested our European distribution business, and in 2012, we added Synventive to our business portfolio in the largest acquisition in our Company's history. Just recently, we announced the planned divesture of our North American distribution business to better position our Company to focus on our core manufacturing capabilities. Underlying these significant changes is a long thought-out strategic plan that was developed utilizing the collective strengths of our management team and our Board of Directors. This strategy includes both organic and acquisitive investments that expand our global footprint, increase differentiation in our products and processes, and better enable us to build our presence as a world class leader in manufacturing technology. The combination of our strategic focus and the rationalization of our underperforming operations during the recession are paying off handsomely now. In 2012, on an adjusted basis, we reported a 13% increase in earnings per share from continuing operations (1), and we ended the year with further improvement in operating margin. In addition to our growth through acquisition, we undertook a major expansion of our nitrogen gas products operations in Sweden, made significant investments in our revolutionary gas direct injection systems manufacturing process, and continued enhancements of our aerospace OEM and MRO capabilities. These achievements are the result of the hard work and dedication of Barnes Group employees delivering on a strategy that amplifies their efforts and builds upon the Barnes Enterprise System (BES) foundation. BES fosters a "One Team, One Company" philosophy that drives our organization to continually improve ­ with rigorous, aligned business processes and a keen focus on employee and organizational growth and development. The effectiveness of BES is reflected in last year's award of the prestigious Shingo Silver Medallion to our aerospace division in Ogden, Utah. The concepts, systems and emphasis on company culture at the heart of the Shingo philosophy blend extremely well with the goals of our Company and the foundational elements of BES. With this in mind, each of our businesses continues to build on the concepts of Shingo and BES to drive operational excellence to the next level ­ continually transforming us into a stronger, better company. Looking ahead, we anticipate further success with a record year-end backlog supporting future sales growth. The next several years should see an unprecedented level of aircraft production, and we are poised to capitalize on this trend. In addition, our technically differentiated offerings in our industrial businesses are expected to grow with an increase in global industrial production.

We are buoyed by our accomplishments over the past year and our positive outlook for 2013. However, we understand that the global business environment will continue to be uncertain, and it will require thought and agility in planning to succeed in the future. As such, we look to the commitment and talents of our employees, the Barnes Enterprise System, and our ability to adapt to change to remain competitive, deliver superior products and services, and achieve sustainable, profitable growth. Thank you for your continued confidence and investment in Barnes Group Inc. We look forward to the further transformation, growth and success of our Company, and to benefitting our employees, customers and shareholders for years to come. Sincerely,

Thomas O. Barnes Chairman of the Board

Gregory F. Milzcik President & CEO

(1)

Reference to adjusted EPS for the full-year 2012 is a non-GAAP measure. You will find a reconciliation table on our website as part of our fourth quarter and full year 2012 press release and in the Form 8-K submitted to the SEC.

