 Barnes Group Inc. (NYSE: B)
is a diversified international manufacturer of precision metal components and assemblies and a distributor of industrial supplies, serving a wide range of markets and customers.
Founded in 1857 and headquartered in Bristol, Connecticut, Barnes Group consists of three businesses: Associated Spring, one of the world’s largest manufacturers
of precision mechanical and nitrogen gas springs and a global supplier of retaining rings,
reed valves and shock discs — speciality spring products, and injection-molded plastic components; Barnes Aerospace, a manufacturer and repairer of highly engineered assemblies and components for commercial and military aircraft engines, airframes, and land-based industrial gas turbines;
and Barnes Distribution, an international, full-service distributor of maintenance, repair, operating, and production supplies.
During 2004, Barnes Group demonstrated our ability to react quickly and decisively to changing business conditions, maintain our
commitment to deliver superior customer service, and execute business goals and objectives to position the Company for long-term profitable growth. Despite financial results that were below our expectations, we steadfastly maintained our strategic focus on generating balanced and sustainable profitable growth.
2004 Highlights
For the fifth consecutive year, we achieved record sales, reaching $995 million, bolstered by organic sales growth within all three of our business units. Providing the right products and services to meet our customers’ needs is a hallmark of building lasting value for you, our stockholders. Our businesses continued to generate strong cash flow from operations, which this year totaled $54 million. This cash flow helped fund additional growth investments in our businesses. We acquired one of the world’s leading companies in the design and manufacture of reed valves and shock discs, specialty spring products, for approximately $18 million; funded $32 million for new after- market programs for Barnes Aerospace; and increased our capital expenditures 55 percent. These capital expenditures focused on new distribution centers for Barnes Distribution in Dallas, Chicago, and Ontario, Canada and a new manufacturing plant for Associated Spring in Monterrey, Mexico, all necessary to support continued organic growth. In addition, Barnes Group’s cash dividend was sustained at $0.80 per share for the fourth consecutive year, extending our record of paying dividends to stockholders since 1934 — 70 consecutive years.
To Our Stockholders
                 Net Sales
dollars in millions
   2001 $768.8 2002 $784.0 2003 $890.8 2004 $994.7
2001 $40.3 2002 $44.8 2003 $52.0 2004 $55.9
2001 $14.8 2002 $15.0 2003 $17.6 2004 $18.5
Operating Income
dollars in millions
Dividends Paid
dollars in millions

Over the past six years we have made significant investment and committed $428 million to strategic acquisitions and aftermarket business alliances. Our strategy is focused on adding businesses and alliances whose products, services, capabilities, and market positions provide attractive opportunities to increase and leverage our core strengths. We strongly believe in “bolt-ons” for our three business segments,
not new diversions.
In September 2004, as part of Associated Spring’s growth strategy, we acquired the reed valve and
shock disc maker, DE-STA-CO
Manufacturing, a world leader
in the industry. The acqui-
sition was
a critical addition to our growing global
specialty spring
products business,
based in Brazil. We added three United States manufacturing locations, and one each in Thailand and the United Kingdom. This acquisition expanded our presence in the growing reed valve market- place, while increasing our international manufac- turing footprint for these products to include Asia. The strengths of both our Brazilian and DE-STA-CO operations include a broadened product line and deepened engineering resources, which now
Above, Associated Spring’s acquisition of DE-STA-CO Manufacturing further expanded Barnes Group’s worldwide service operations.
Right, customers in Canada are serviced by Barnes Distribution’s newest state-of-the-art distribution center in Beamsville, Ontario.
serve our global customer base from manufac- turing operations worldwide. These operations now form our Barnes Precision Valve and Components unit within Associated Spring.
Barnes Aerospace continued to develop and solidify critical alliances as part of its overall aftermarket growth strategy. During 2004, we entered into three additional aftermarket Revenue Sharing Program “RSP” agreements. These agreements provide exclusive rights to supply designated service replacement parts for a particular family
of aircraft engines for their remaining life. These arrangements have favorably positioned Barnes Aerospace for the growing aftermarket service and maintenance parts business.
Throughout Barnes Group, we are committed to capitalizing on global sourcing capabilities and have begun to reap benefits from them. Supported by our international manufacturing facilities, sourcing globally enhances our ability to negotiate the best prices and terms based on our needs, while also ensuring continued access to the raw materials necessary for our products. For example, Barnes Distribution opened a Far East purchasing facility that will enable us to more effectively buy commoditized products throughout Asia. Global sourcing enables us to offer our customers a choice of both domestic and imported products while maintaining the strictest of quality standards.
Review of Operations Barnes Distribution experienced dramatic changes during the year. Most of these were directed at servicing our customers more effectively and efficiently. In 2004 we reduced the
   
number of distribution centers in North America from 19 to 12 including three new large centers opened in Dallas, Chicago, and Ontario, Canada. We also implemented a comprehensive product expansion in another four of our main distribution centers. All of these changes are enabling us to better service our customers and provide the necessary supply network for future growth.
During all of these changes, our highest priority was on maintaining customer service levels, but the related costs negatively impacted 2004 results. By year-end, as targeted customer service levels were achieved and key performance indicators improved, Barnes Distribution was able to generate record sales of $425 million, including organic sales growth. Organic sales growth was driven mainly by strategic growth initiatives including national accounts, e-commerce platforms and Tier 2 relationships with industrial distributors.
Associated Spring
reported record
sales of $374 million
in 2004. This performance was driven in large part
by robust growth in organic sales. Growth was achieved in all key market segments, most notably in the industrial markets which realized significant sales
growth driven primarily by the success of our reed valve products in Brazil. Additionally, the heavy truck, light vehicle, telecommunications and electronics, and nitrogen gas spring markets had positive year-over-year sales growth.
A significant challenge to our progress in 2004 was the sudden and extreme increase in raw material prices, particularly for steel, and the continued pricing pressure from our customers, especially
in the transportation industry. Our efforts to
convince our key automotive Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) customers to share in raw material price increases were met with limited success and forced us to take rapid and decisive actions. As a result, we made the difficult but necessary decision to significantly reduce our workforce to mitigate the effects of the changing business conditions.
While these actions were necessary for the short term, we continue to focus our efforts on long- term profitability initiatives. Associated Spring continues to work aggressively to increase profitability through lean initiatives, developing alternate low cost supply sources, and increasing manufacturing capacity in low-cost environments. As part of these efforts, we established our newest Associated Spring production facility in Monterrey, Mexico.
  At Barnes Aerospace, 2004 was a banner year as we achieved record profits, sales, orders, and our highest-ever backlog. Record operating profits of $21 million and sales of $206 million in 2004 reflect solid growth in both the OEM and aftermarket businesses. The order momentum we saw entering
Left, Nitrogen gas springs are used in high speed and broad industrial stamping operations for products such as washing machines, stoves, refrigerators, and automobiles.
Above, Barnes Aerospace is a major supplier of precision parts for the GE90-115B engine which powers the Boeing 777-300 ER.
 
2004 drove total orders for the year to $254 million. Orders for the GE90-115B commercial jet engine more than doubled, and direct and indirect military orders were up significantly from the prior year. This momentum was sustained throughout the year, allowing us to end 2004 with the exceptional backlog of $194 million. To support its growth, Barnes Aerospace continued to globalize its manufacturing operations by opening a new manufacturing facility in Singapore that will help to meet the increasing demands of its worldwide customer base. The facility houses state-of-the-art manufacturing equipment for precision aerospace components to be used in a wide range of aircraft engine applications for both the OEM and aftermarket. Given our global customers’ needs for highly critical components, where ready supply is essential, having manufacturing operations in Asia is vital to our continued success.
Barnes Aerospace’s success in 2004 was a result of our commitment during the industry’s steep downturn following the events of September 11, 2001, to maintain discipline and focus on executing our strategies and objectives. We remain confident that our portfolio mix and aftermarket investments have positioned us well for the expected recovery in the commercial aerospace market.
Organizational Changes
Each of our business units has talented and dedicated employees who understand how to build lasting value, create a differentiated and sustainable competitive advantage, and achieve our objective of profitable growth. Our pipeline for talent is strong, as evidenced by promotions within each of our business segments during the year. Gregory F. Milzcik, previously President, Barnes Aerospace, was named President, Associated Spring. Patrick Dempsey, previously Vice President, Operations, Barnes Aerospace, was named President, Barnes Aerospace. And in an effort to provide laser-like focus on growing Barnes Distribution’s North American businesses, which represent over 80 percent of the distribution business, Idelle K. Wolf, previously
Barnes Distribution’s Chief Operating Officer, was named President, Barnes Distribution North America.
Corporate Governance
For 2004, your Company achieved timely compliance with the internal control standards required by the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002.
The implementation of Section 404 of the Act required documentation, testing and certification by management and attestation by public inde- pendent accountants that our internal controls over financial reporting are compliant with the law. We are pleased to report that our cross-disciplinary team has successfully demonstrated our full compliance with this section of the Act.
Unlocking Value
2004 was a year in which we positioned the Company for sustainable, profitable growth. We effectively reacted
to marketplace changes, demonstrated worldwide customer focus, implemented critical operational initiatives
to drive future performance, continued to be selectively acquisitive, and enhanced our leadership to focus on our greatest opportunities. As we look to the future with increased confi- dence, we remain committed to balanced and sustainable profitable growth through the execution of strategic initiatives to unlock the value we have created and generate wealth for you,
our stockholders. We thank you for your continued support, and our employees for their loyalty and hard work.
  Thomas O. Barnes Chairman of the Board
Edmund M. Carpenter President & C.E.O.
