 To Our Stockholders:
2010 was a turning point for the economy and Barnes Group. The decisions we made over the last few years have positioned us to continue to be a leading global manufacturing and logistical services company. Before the recession, we produced record sales and earnings and impressive growth in productivity and solid cash flow. Early in the downturn, we took aggressive steps to counter the volatile economy, keeping a sharp focus on the long-term outcomes that you would expect from a 154-year-old company. By consolidating and realigning many of our facilities into centers of excellence, we captured greater economies of scale. At the same time, we continued to make investments in our people and systems to prepare us for efficient expansion for the economic recovery.
These investments started to bear fruit in 2010. Slow but steady improvements in industrial production and transportation have supported our near double-digit organic sales growth in 2010. We ended the year with a 7.4 percent improvement in productivity, which helped drive a 37 percent improvement in net income.
We remain optimistic about the future Ð and for good reason. We have a more efficient structure, improved operating systems and a talented workforce skilled in continuous improvement. Most of our major markets are improving, although slowly, and we expect an extended period of growth in our key end markets.
We are continuing our long-term focus, investing in our people, our systems and our infrastructure. We are focused on profitable growth by expanding our product and process differentiation. And we will keep the needs of our customers at the forefront of everything we do.
At the heart of our ongoing success is our team of dedicated employees working on four continents. They remain our greatest asset and we expect their winning spirit and dedication to carry us to new heights.
Barnes Group is a great company that has paid a quarterly cash dividend to its stockholders since 1934, and we thank you for investing your confidence in us. We look forward to the opportunity to meet and exceed your expectations in 2011.
Thomas O. Barnes Gregory F. Milzcik Chairman of the Board President & CEO
  