Strategy Execution Drives Financial Performance, Delivers Growth, and Transforms the Business A good business strategy is only as effective as its deliberate and successful execution. 2013 demonstrated our continued commitment to, and implementation of, the Company's growth and transformation strategy, leading to excellent financial results, access to diverse end markets, and expanded global reach. During 2013, sales grew to $1.1 billion, an increase of 18%, driven by the contribution of the recently acquired Synventive and Männer businesses and solid organic sales growth of 4%. We successfully leveraged that sales growth as adjusted operating income expanded by 25%(1) and adjusted operating margins improved 70 basis points to 12.9%(1). Additionally, we increased our quarterly cash dividend rate by 10%, and we are proud of having paid a quarterly cash dividend to our shareholders continuously since 1934. In 2013, with combined dividends and share repurchases, we returned over $91 million of capital to our shareholders and delivered a total shareholder return of approximately 73% versus 41% for the S&P 600 and 39% for the Russell 2000. Our market capitalization grew to $2.0 billion, up 66% from the end of 2012. Investing in Our Future... Our strategy, which is focused on creating long-term value for our stakeholders, seeks to drive a larger portion of company revenues from differentiated intellectual property based businesses, in favorable end-markets, with increasing global-reach. Delivering upon our strategy requires a combination of organic investments and portfolio changes to better position Barnes Group for the long-term. During 2013, we significantly increased the level of organic investment in our businesses as capital expenditures reached $57 million, a 50+% increase over our 2012 investment level. A significant portion of this investment relates to growth capital, where we are augmenting our manufacturing technologies and service capabilities in both our Industrial and Aerospace businesses to support elevated customer demands anticipated over the next several years on key strategic platforms. We also made additional investments in our Aerospace aftermarket business by entering into a long term component repair program with our largest customer, General Electric. This is expected to provide benefits in aerospace aftermarket business for years to come. Transforming the Business... 2013 saw Barnes Group's two most historic portfolio changes. In February, the sale of Barnes Distribution North America (BDNA), the Company's largest disposition, completed our exit from industrial distribution, thereby allowing us to concentrate our efforts and investments on strengthening our engineering capabilities and manufacturing expertise. In October, we purchased Männer, our largest acquisition in terms of capital deployed. Männer is a leader in high precision mold-making, valve gate hot runner systems, and system solutions for the medical/pharmaceutical, packaging, and personal care/health care industries. Männer's highly engineered products and technical service offerings compliment last year's Synventive acquisition well and expand our reach into additional end markets in the plastic injection molding industry.

Over the last two years, we have divested approximately $400 million of annual Distribution revenues and acquired approximately $270 million of annual higher-margin, differentiated engineering and manufacturing revenues ­ certainly a significant transformation for a company our size. People, Process & Innovation; Keys to Sustainment ... We recognize that our Company's sustained success depends upon the contributions of many stakeholders. We would like to thank our engaged Board of Directors, experienced management team, and our 4,300 dedicated and talented employees around the world for their commitment to Barnes Group. We are ever confident in the talent and determination of these women and men, and look forward to their continued contributions along our profitable growth journey. At Barnes Group, continuous improvement in our existing processes, and the development of new engineered products, advanced technologies and innovative solutions, are expected to guide our growth and bring greater value to our Company and our customers. Consequently, a key component of our culture is the Barnes Enterprise System (BES) which establishes a "One Team, One Company" philosophy. BES provides a solid foundation of collaboration, operational excellence, and innovation throughout our entire enterprise and will continue to guide our efforts in the years ahead. Positive Outlook ... As we look toward 2014, we are confident that our vision and strategy to become a more global provider of engineered products and innovative solutions will create superior value for our customers and reinforce our continued success. We exit 2013 with positive momentum, a record level of backlog, generally favorable end markets, and an improving global economy. So, we are excited about the opportunities that 2014 will bring, and believe the Company is well positioned to deliver another year of excellent performance. As we look forward to this bright future, and reflect on our accomplishments of the past, we wish to thank former President and CEO, Greg Milzcik for his leadership, insights, and efforts in shaping this Company. Greg successfully guided us through the 2009 economic downturn and played an integral role in championing our corporate culture of employee empowerment and operational excellence. Lastly, we wish to thank our customers and suppliers for allowing us to be a partner on their road to success, and thank our shareholders for their continued confidence in Barnes Group.
Sincerely,

Thomas O. Barnes Chairman of the Board
(1)

Patrick J. Dempsey President and Chief Executive Officer

References to adjusted financial results for 2013 are non-GAAP measures. You will find a reconciliation table on our website as part of our fourth quarter and full year 2013 press release and in the Form 8-K submitted to the SEC.

