 In 2000, your Company was able to build on 1999’s growth initiatives to deliver a total return to stockholders of 28 percent, more than double the total return of the Standard & Poor’s SmallCap 600 Index. We achieved this level of return by growing the top line, restoring profitability, and returning capital to stockholders by raising the dividend for the seventh consecutive year
and buying back nearly 600,000 shares of our stock.
Continuing to build the foundation for future growth, we completed two more major acquisitions in 2000, one each for our distribution and aerospace businesses. First, in May, we acquired Curtis Industries, a leader in the distribution of maintenance, repair, and operating (MRO) supplies, complementing our existing Bowman and Raymond units. We named the new combined group Barnes Distribution.
In September, we acquired the assets of AVS/Kratz-Wilde Machine Company and Apex Manufacturing, Inc., leaders in the manufacturing of components utilized in aircraft systems such as jet engines and auxiliary power units. The two businesses were a natural fit with Barnes Aerospace’s existing operations and enabled us to broaden our product line and provide a more complete solution to our customers.
We continued to fill out our senior leadership team, adding four new officers. Bill Denninger joined Barnes Group as Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer, bringing to Barnes a great deal of oper- ating and financial experience, along with significant expertise in mergers and acquisitions activity. Tom Fodell was promoted to Vice President, and continues to lead the sales and marketing efforts at Associated Spring, reflecting our commitment to growing the business, espe- cially internationally. And Keith Drewett and Idelle Wolf were named President and Chief Operating Officer, respectively, of Barnes Distribution following our acquisi- tion of Curtis Industries. With over 35 years of combined experience in distribution, Keith and Idelle are leading the process to restore Barnes Distribution to an acceptable level of profitability.
Our Board of Directors also underwent change. Our thanks to Robert Fiondella, who retired from our Board on July 1, 2000, after helping transition the company over the past three years. And we were pleased to welcome John Alden, the former vice chairman of United Parcel Service, who joined our board in June. We look forward to John’s contributions in helping guide the ongoing growth initiatives of the Company.
From an operating standpoint, 2000 was a satisfactory and improving year. We hit a number of key milestones; most notably, our revenues reached their highest level in Barnes Group’s history. And although our profitability improved significantly from 1999, we fell short of a “top quartile” level of profitability which we target.
An exception was Associated Spring, which had nothing short of an outstanding year as sales and operating profit hit record levels. Given the transportation sector slump that started in the third quarter, we are particularly proud of these results, which reflect Associated Spring’s continu- ing efforts to obtain revenue from other sectors, such as telecommunications, electronics, and medical devices.
We started to see a nice rebound at Barnes Aerospace, where operating profit increased substantially over last year. And orders, which are a leading indicator for sales and profitability, were up sharply, driving backlog to record highs. We expect this positive trend to continue into 2001 as we add new customers and as the market for long-range commercial jets rebounds.
While up over 1999, we do not believe Barnes Distribution’s financial performance in 2000 represents its potential. Additional costs related to the 1999 system migration, most notably training and added shipping costs, continued to impact profitability. However, operating profit began to improve in the second half of the year, and we have confi- dence in the new management team’s ability to lead this business back to an improved level of performance in 2001 and beyond.
As promised, in July we debuted a new web site, accessible at www.barnesgroupinc.com. The new site represents a leap forward in functionality and information, expanding our ability to communicate with our three most impor- tant audiences: our customers, our stockholders, and our employees. We are continuing to invest resources that would have otherwise gone into a more traditional annu- al report into additional web site improvements.
Finally, we would like to express our sincere gratitude to two departing individuals. After a decade of dedicated service to the Company, Robert Callander will be retiring from the Board of Directors at the annual meeting of stockholders in April. In addition, John Locher retired
as Vice President and Treasurer in February 2001 after a 19-year career with the Company. We wish both Bob and John well and thank them for their contributions to Barnes Group.
Over the past two years, we have executed a number of key strategic changes that have built the foundation for future profitable growth. As we look to 2001, our focus will be on executing our plan to realize the full potential of all these changes and deliver the highest possible long- term value to you, our stockholders.
Thomas O. Barnes
Chairman of the Board
Edmund M. Carpenter
President and
Chief Executive Officer
1
