                                          To Our Stockholders,
This past year, despite a rough economic environment for industrial companies and the uncertainty caused by the September 11th terrorist attacks, your Company was able to deliver a total return to our stockholders of over 25 percent.
We’re proud of this, as we significantly outperformed the total return of both the Standard & Poor’s SmallCap 600 Index and the Russell 2000 Index. But while this was a positive short-term result,
we haven’t lost sight of our long-term objective: building lasting value by creating sustainable, profitable growth.
In cyclical businesses like those of Barnes Group, it’s unlikely that we will generate short-term earnings growth every year. Nevertheless, through each phase of the economic cycle, our focus is on taking the right actions to ensure we are building lasting value for our stockholders. Last year, we approached building lasting value in three primary ways: adding strategic pieces to the Company, integrating those pieces smoothly and rapidly and investing for future growth.
Adding Strategic Pieces
Barnes Group is focused on adding strategic pieces to our Company by acquiring companies, manufacturing assets and technology that complement our three existing businesses.
We completed two such acquisitions in 2001.
In January, we purchased Euro Stock Springs & Components Limited (Euro Stock). Based in the U.K., Euro Stock distributes die and other standard springs to customers located primarily in Europe. We successfully integrated Euro Stock into
Barnes Distribution’s existing operations in the U.K., adding scale to our product offerings and a new distribution channel through Euro Stock’s product catalog.
In December, we acquired certain assets of Forward Industries, L.L.C. (Forward) which designs and manufactures nitrogen gas springs. This acquisition helped secure a key brand for Associated Spring’s nitrogen gas spring product line, and we have integrated the assets of Forward into our existing nitrogen gas spring plant in Ohio.
We welcomed two veteran business leaders
to our Board of Directors, as G. Jackson Ratcliffe, Chairman of Hubbell Incorporated and Donald W. Griffin, Chairman of Olin Corporation, joined our Board in July and December, respectively. Jack and Don are excellent additions to our Board, bringing many years of experience running international, diversified manufacturing companies.
We also made an addition to our senior management team, as Lawrence W. O’Brien joined the Company in August as Vice President – Treasurer. Larry has amassed significant expertise in transactions, treasury management and capital markets over the past 20 years.
Smooth Integrations
We are careful, deliberate buyers of companies and manufacturing assets, but we also are quick to integrate what we purchase to avoid disruptions to our customers and to achieve the acquisition value drivers. In 2001, one of our key missions was to integrate, and realize the value drivers from, the two large acquisitions we completed in 2000.
At Barnes Distribution, management’s focus was on integrating the former Bowman Distribution and Curtis Industries units. This effort addressed many strategic issues — selecting the right number of products to be stocked at our distribution centers; eliminating a headquarters location; centralizing the customer service function; realigning the sales force management; reducing the cost of purchased goods
 PAGE 3

                                          through a combined procurement effort; and, most importantly, reducing the number of distribution centers in the U.S. from 11 to four.
Barnes Aerospace management was similarly focused on integrating Kratz-Wilde Machine Company and Apex Manufacturing (Kratz-Wilde/ Apex) into its existing operations. Some unprof- itable products were exited, while other production was transferred into and out of the acquired operations, optimizing machinery utilization
and capitalizing on engineering skills across the Company. Barnes Aerospace also rapidly launched a new repair and overhaul facility in West Chester, Ohio, that had been dormant under Kratz-Wilde/ Apex’s previous owner, raising to three the number of repair and overhaul facilities Barnes Aerospace currently operates.
As the team at Associated Spring was beginning the integration of Forward, it was also busy with planning for the closure of our Dallas, Texas plant. Closing Dallas was a difficult
decision. But, after several years of unprofitability, it had become clear that the best solution for building lasting value was to transfer Dallas’ production to other Associated Spring plants, better leveraging capacity utilization for the group as a whole.
Investing for Growth
Although much effort in 2001 was devoted to acquisitions and integration, it is impossible to build lasting value as a company through those efforts alone. We continued to invest in the sales, marketing and engineering functions throughout Barnes Group as a source of ongoing organic growth. For example, we moved Associated Spring’s Product Development Center (PDC)
from Connecticut to Michigan, where our national sales office is located. With sales, engineering and prototyping capabilities in the same facility, the PDC now offers rapid turnaround of potential new products for customers, further differentiating our operations from those of our competitors.
130% 120% 110% 100%
90%
80%
Dec ’00
Barnes Group Inc.
S&P SmallCap 600 Index Russell 2000 Index
Jan ’01
Feb ’01
Mar ’01
Apr ’01
May ’01
Jun ’01
Jul ’01
Aug ’01
Sep ’01
Oct ’01
Nov ’01
Dec ’01
 PAGE 4

                                          We challenged each of our three businesses to develop new customers within their tried-and-true industries but also to find new customers in new markets. Much of this effort was made by our sales personnel, who greatly stepped up their level of targeted cold-calling, in-person visits and direct mail campaigns. Through these efforts, we entered 2002 with a long list of high-potential customers that will be a source of future growth as the economy gradually begins to improve.
Review of Operations and Outlook
Despite lower earnings in 2001, Barnes Group did achieve some noteworthy financial milestones. First, we had the highest revenues in the history
of our Company, reflecting the acquisitions we completed in 2000 and strong organic growth at Barnes Aerospace. Second, we generated nearly
$67 million in cash from operations in 2001.
This improved cash flow facilitated our ability to repurchase more than 400,000 shares of our stock and increase our dividends paid to stockholders to $0.80 per share, the eighth consecutive year in which we’ve increased our paid dividends. Continued strong cash flow generation will be an important component of our acquisition funding in 2002 and beyond.
Barnes Aerospace had a truly outstanding year in 2001, with record revenues, operating profit, orders and year-end order backlog. The order backlog of nearly $160 million provides a solid short-term visibility for the business, but Barnes Aerospace’s management is carefully planning for what will be a challenging year for commercial aerospace. They are also focusing on ramping up orders and sales of products for business and military jets and for industrial gas turbines, which collectively represent almost 40 percent of Barnes Aerospace’s OEM work.
Associated Spring’s management did an excellent job of managing through a sharp downturn in production in the telecommunications and transportation sectors, aggressively cutting controllable expenses, limiting capital expenditures and pushing hard for sales outside of the trans- portation industry. Despite a 15 percent drop in sales, Associated Spring’s operating profit margin was seven percent, still an impressive result.
A sharp decline in industrial activity had a very negative impact on Barnes Distribution’s profitability in 2001. However, management focused on the critical integration issues outlined above that are key to building lasting value in the business, and improved customer service and retention levels. In addition, a new field sales management structure for Barnes Distribution in the U.S. will greatly increase corporate and large account selling opportunities and direct more focus to high-impact marketing activities. While a significant upturn in Barnes Distribution’s profitability is inextricably tied to the fate of the U.S. economy, the financial benefit from these strategic moves will be more fully realized
in 2002.
In summary, 2001 presented us with a series of challenges, some that we’ve seen before in a cyclical economy, and some that were unprece- dented. Through it all, each of our three businesses ended the year well positioned to capitalize on an economic upturn, and we are confident that Barnes Group as a whole has never been better positioned to build lasting value for you, our stockholders.
Thomas O. Barnes
Chairman of the Board
Inside
6 Five-Year Operating Results
7 Management’s Discussion & Analysis
12 Consolidated Financial Statements
16 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 28 Quarterly Data (unaudited)
29 Selected Financial Data
30 About the Company
31 E Pluribus Unum...Out of Many, One
Edmund M. Carpenter
President and
Chief Executive Officer
 PAGE 5
