2014 was an Outstanding Year for our Company ... Barnes Group achieved excellent financial results and continued to execute on its profitable growth strategy. We put in place a solid strategic foundation, with the Barnes Enterprise System and innovation as cornerstones, to drive a high performance employee culture, and deliver highlyengineered, differentiated industrial technologies and advanced solutions to the markets and customers we serve. We made great strides over the last several years, successfully exiting the recession, transforming the portfolio, empowering our workforce, and laying the ground work necessary to sustain performance ­ all of which allowed 2014 to be one of our best years of performance. Total sales were up 16% in 2014, with solid organic growth of 6% and a Männer acquisition contribution of 10%. Adjusted operating margin increased 250 basis points to 15.4% driven by meaningful increases in both our Industrial and Aerospace segments. On an adjusted basis, income from continuing operations was $2.34 per diluted share, up 28% from a year ago.(1) Strategy Execution and Transformation Progress ... These strong financial results have been accompanied by good cash flow generation, allowing us to invest in our existing businesses, undertake value enhancing acquisitions as opportunities arise, and increase dividends to our shareholders. In addition to delivering excellent financial results, we continued to make further progress on transforming our business and driving our strategy deeper into the organization. To that end, we institutionalized the Barnes Global Engineering and Technology Forum, leveraging our worldwide engineering talent and promoting a heightened level of collaboration, innovative thinking, and action across all of our businesses. This forum advanced a structured phase gate process for quickly identifying and screening great ideas, funding those opportunities, and moving them from inception to launch through a disciplined approach. We fully acknowledge the importance of fostering this cooperative environment, leveraging the knowledge and skills of our employees to ensure that our pipeline of new products and services remains robust, and that new projects are well positioned for commercial success. Investment in our businesses continued at heightened levels in 2014 with approximately $60 million of capital expenditures; about half of which was directed at growth programs that should drive future revenues and allow us to prosper long-term. Much of the remainder was targeted towards enhancing our manufacturing technology and capabilities, allowing us to be more competitive in the global marketplace. In 2014, the smooth integration of the Männer acquisition into the Barnes Group Industrial family added to our capabilities in the plastic injection molding arena and helped to solidify our standing as a leading global provider of hot runner systems. At Aerospace, we invested in a new component repair program giving us the right to provide overhaul and repair services on certain critical components for the highly successful CFM56 commercial aerospace engine program. Coupled with a similar arrangement for the CF6 engine program entered into in late 2013, we are confident these programs will generate a meaningful revenue stream, at improved MRO margins, for many years to come.

We believe our investments support favorable long-term growth prospects for the Company, and we expect to deliver continuing improvement in our financial performance. In concert with this outlook, we increased our quarterly dividend rate by 9% in October. We remain committed to being good stewards of capital and believe that we have positioned the Company to deliver enhanced shareholder value. Leadership Changes ... Barnes Group is fortunate to have a distinguished Board of Directors providing guidance and leadership to our Company. During 2014, we saw a few changes to the composition of our Board. As such, we would like to recognize our two retiring Board members, Mr. Thomas Albani, a director since 2008, and Mr. John Alden, a director since 2000, for their significant counsel and leadership over the years. In addition, we are extremely pleased to welcome Ms. JoAnna Sohovich to our Board. JoAnna brings extensive experience in the industrial business-to-business sector along with pertinent experience in aerospace overhaul and repair. We look forward to her contributions as a director. Upbeat Outlook for 2015 ... 2014 saw tremendous progress in our strategy to provide highly-engineered, differentiated industrial technologies and innovative solutions to our end-markets. We are confident we are on the right path of transforming our Company to meet the current and future needs of our customers. We expect 2015 to be another successful year where being focused on executing our vison and long term growth strategy delivers a further increase in financial performance. Internally, we look to implement the next generation Barnes Enterprise System to drive further operational efficiencies, advance innovation across all of our businesses to secure our future, and continue the development of our valued global workforce. And, if an acquisition opportunity arises in the upcoming year that is consistent with our vision and strategy, we believe we are in a great position to execute on it. We extend our thanks to the 4,500 Barnes Group employees across the globe for their dedication, hard work and contributions to a very successful 2014. We are excited about, and look forward to meeting, the challenges of the upcoming year with this exceptional team. Finally, we wish to extend our sincere appreciation to our customers and suppliers, as we realize their partnership is critical to our success, and to our shareholders for their continued confidence in Barnes Group.

Thomas O. Barnes Chairman of the Board
(1)

Patrick J. Dempsey President and Chief Executive Officer

References to adjusted financial results for 2014 are non-GAAP measures. You will find a reconciliation table on our website as part of our fourth quarter and full-year 2014 press release and in the Form 8-K submitted to the SEC.

