                                          To Our Stockholders
Your Company enjoyed a particularly strong year in 2003, with a number of highlights we are proud to share with you. First, Barnes Group stockholders enjoyed a total return of 64%. Our stock has now outperformed the benchmark small capitalization stock indices for four consecutive years, a streak we are already working hard to continue in 2004. We are grateful for the continued support of our investors, especially those who partici- pated in our follow-on equity offering in May.
2003 Highlights
In February, we completed our largest acquisition to date, in terms of sales, with the purchase of Kar Products, a Chicago-based distributor of maintenance, repair and operating (MRO) supplies. There were a number of factors that attracted us to Kar. First, Kar operated on the same vendor-managed inventory business model through which our Barnes Distribution business primarily sells. Second, we added approximately 600 new salespeople to our organization, giving us added density in key growth regions in the western part of the U.S. and Canada. Third, the acquisition gave the sales force a product line of more than 50,000 regularly stocked items, up from 40,000. And finally, the team at Barnes Distribution was experienced in integrating a large-scale acquisition, having completed the Curtis Industries acquisition in 2000.
As mentioned above, we completed the first ever follow- on public offering of our common stock in May. Our key driver for the offering was to reduce the debt we were carrying on our balance sheet in the wake of the Kar acquisition. We reduced our balance sheet leverage, giving us the flexibility to continue to make acquisitions and growth investments going forward. An additional effect of the offering was a dramatic improvement in the trading liquidity of our common stock. This change
in liquidity increased the appeal of our stock to many investors, especially institutions.
From a financial perspective, your Company enjoyed a solid year. We generated record sales of $891 million, our fourth consecutive year of setting a new sales record. We also grew our net income to $33 million, up 22 percent from 2002. Our businesses continued to consistently generate strong cash flow from operations, which this year totaled $60 million. This operating cash flow, along with the proceeds of the equity offering, enabled us to continue to make growth investments in our businesses – through the acquisition of Kar Products, through our commitment of approximately $35 million to two Revenue Sharing Programs for Barnes Aerospace, and through more than $18 million of capital expen- ditures throughout the year.
Review of Operations
At Barnes Distribution, sales increased by $114 million to just over $400 million, a record sales level for our distribution business. Kar was the biggest driver of that sales increase, contributing $108 million to the full year. Barnes Distribution also generated approximately $20 million in sales through a number of growth initiatives, including a focused selling approach to national and regional accounts, e-commerce platforms, and new Tier II relationships with other distribution industry partners. These strategic growth initiatives helped to offset declines in other customer segments, which reflected a manufacturing environment in the U.S. that was weak for much of the year. As these initiatives continue to gain momentum in 2004, the impact to Barnes Dis- tribution’s top line will become more evident. Operating profit at Barnes Distribution more than doubled over 2002, reflecting the profit contribution from Kar and the efforts of everyone on the integration team to achieve the synergies from the combined organization more quickly than we had originally planned.
 Barnes Group Inc. Annual Report • 4

                                          As you may have gathered from the cover of this report, we put a significant emphasis on the smooth integration of our acquisitions. Because of the risk of disruption in our customer relationships, the need for smooth integrations has been especially pressing for the two major acquisitions we have done in the last three years at Barnes Distribution.
While no integration is ever error-free, the team at Distribution, with assistance from others throughout the Company, made a yeoman’s effort at executing as smooth an integration as possible of Kar into our existing business. This included, among many other items, the consolidation of the headquarters functions; rationalizing the combined product offerings of the two businesses to more than 50,000 stock keeping units; managing the opening, closing or converting of 13 distribution centers in the U.S. and Canada; transferring all packaging operations to a single facility; and equip- ping the sales force with an integrated order entry system. It is particularly impressive that this was substantially completed within the first year of our ownership of Kar. With the integration in the U.S. now largely complete, the focus in 2004 will be on opening a new distribution center in the Ontario province of Canada, which should be operational by June.
Turning to Associated Spring, sales were up about $11 million to $333 million, a new record for Associated Spring. The reported sales figure includes incremental sales from Spring’s 2002 acquisitions and the impact of foreign currency translation, which totaled approx- imately $19 million. While sales to the nitrogen gas spring and industrial markets grew nicely, sales declined for products sold to the heavy truck and telecomm/ electronics markets. The decline in heavy truck was planned as we exited some lines of business for that sector, while we continued to see no recovery in the underlying market for telecomm/electronics. Our sales to the light vehicle market were down slightly in 2003,
but outperformed the drop in North American light vehicle production.
Operating profit at Associated Spring was down slightly from 2002, on lower organic sales and as Associated Spring absorbed a significant increase in personnel costs, most notably pension and medical expense. While these costs are ongoing, some of the impact was mitigated through productivity gains; additionally, the team at Associated Spring is actively seeking alternative means of addressing this issue on a long-term basis.
Sales at Barnes Aerospace fell by about nine percent, to $166 million, which was in line with our expectations given this stage of the commercial aerospace cycle. To the Aerospace team’s credit, despite the drop in sales, operating profit was flat versus last year, as the actions taken in 2002 and 2003 to position the business for a period of lower volume helped preserve profitability. We also booked customer orders of about $162 million, with a strong acceleration of the order rate in the second half of the year that left order backlog at a healthy $148 million at the year’s end.
During the year, Barnes Aerospace booked initial production orders for a major new engine program, the largest aircraft engine ever built, for which we have sales content of approximately $600,000 per unit. This engine is the exclusive engine choice for a new aircraft that will enter customer service in 2004. With more than 70 of these aircraft on order and two engines required per aircraft, this engine program will be an important revenue generator for Barnes Aerospace for the next several years. We also saw a sizable increase in our direct military orders in 2003, and executed two Revenue Sharing Programs (RSPs) with a major aero- space company. These RSPs, which grew out of a re- invigorated, Company-wide strategic planning effort in August, give Barnes Aerospace the exclusive rights to supply certain parts for a particular engine family for its
 Barnes Group Inc. Annual Report • 5

                                          remaining life, which should be several decades. The RSPs required a $35 million up-front investment on our part, upon which we have already begun to realize attractive financial returns.
Team Changes
We had one important transition in the management team in 2003. Joining the management team in May as the new President of Associated Spring was Richard P. McCorry. Rich has an outstanding track record in leading international manufacturing operations, and brings to the table nearly 20 years of experience in the global automotive manufacturing industry. We welcome Rich to the team and look forward to the impact he is sure to have at Associated Spring.
Rich replaces Leonard M. Carlucci, who elected to retire in April after 27 years of service to Barnes Group. We thank Len for his important leadership contributions to the Company, and wish him well in his retirement.
Corporate Governance
As we mentioned in our last letter, we have always regarded our disclosures to investors as open and transparent. As a further step in supporting that trans- parency, by the time you receive this annual report we will have created a new Corporate Governance area within the Investor Relations section of the Barnes Group Inc. website. We strongly encourage all of our investors to review the information we have provided on the site regarding our governance matters.
It is also appropriate to note in this year’s letter that your Company is working diligently to implement the new standards required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. In particular, there is a large cross-disciplinary team tasked with the implementation of Section 404 of
the Act, which is often referred to as SOX 404. SOX 404 requires documentation, testing and certification by management, and attestation by our independent accountants, that our internal controls over financial reporting are compliant. We expect to be fully compliant with SOX 404 by the year-end 2004 deadline.
Outlook
For the last three years, we’ve described the challenging external environment and its impact on our three businesses. This began in late 2000 with the start of the manufacturing recession, and then accelerated in late 2001 with the devastating impact the terrorist attacks had on the aerospace industry. However, as we entered 2004, we finally began to see some improvement in our key end markets.
The manufacturing portion of the U.S. economy has begun to expand, with an increase in manufacturing employment; both of these are positive indicators for Barnes Distribution and Associated Spring. Passenger traffic among the major airlines has improved steadily for some time, and is near pre-9/11 levels. Although this won’t have an immediate impact on new aircraft orders, it is certainly a positive for Barnes Aerospace’s repair and overhaul operations. So, as a refreshing change, we are considerably more optimistic regarding the state of our end markets now than at this time a year ago.
We are optimistic that these positive changes in the external environment, combined with our own internal initiatives to generate sustainable, profitable growth, should enable us to continue to build lasting value for you, our stockholders.
Thomas O. Barnes Edmund M. Carpenter Chairman of the Board President & C.E.O.
 Barnes Group Inc. Annual Report • 6
