                W. James McNerney, Jr. Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
To the Shareholders and Employees of The Boeing Company:
Great companies never stop innovating or improving productivity, even through difficult times. They remain focused on customers, develop strong leaders and regularly affirm their purpose and values. They produce results that are more than the sum of their individual parts. And they stand the test of time by finding a way to stay ahead of others — no matter who the competitors turn out to be.
I believe that Boeing is such a company. Just five years shy of 100, Boeing is positioned for significant and sustained growth.
2
Message From Our Chairman
 
                innovation
We have built a strong foundation for long-term leadership that combines five critical elements:
Q Innovation and technological leadership. Q An unrelenting focus on productivity
to continuously fund our growth.
Q Global scale and flexibility.
Q Enterprise collaboration that leverages the breadth and depth of our capabilities.
Q A highly skilled and motivated em- ployee team...with the toughness and resiliency to overcome adversity, and a willingness to learn from our mistakes.
2010 Review
Sustainable growth begins with ever- increasing productivity in core businesses — which provide the cash and earnings needed to invest in innovation and the development of the core businesses of the future.
In 2010, our core production and ser- vices programs in Boeing Commercial Airplanes and Boeing Defense, Space & Security performed exceptionally well, leading to near-double-digit operating margins in each of these businesses.
We ended the year with net earnings of $3.3 billion (the second highest in com- pany history), and our positive operating cash flow of nearly $3.0 billion maintained strong liquidity of $10.5 billion — all this despite the impact of development pro- gram challenges in both businesses and budget pressures on defense programs.
Boeing Commercial Airplanes delivered 462 airplanes in 2010, including a record 376 Boeing 737s. As air traffic rebounded strongly and the airline industry returned
to profitability, we added new orders for 530 airplanes (net of cancellations), more than double the prior year’s total, and revenue from commercial services grew more than 11 percent for the year.
In response to this resurgent demand from the world’s airlines, we announced a series of production increases across our product lines. The 737 production rate will increase from 31.5 airplanes per month
to 35 in the beginning of 2012 and then
to 38 per month in the second quarter of 2013. Production of the widebody 777 is slated to increase to more than eight per month in the first quarter of 2013.
On the development side, we made significant progress on flight testing of the 787 Dreamliner and the 747-8 Freighter, completing three-quarters and two-thirds, respectively, of the flight testing needed to deliver the first airplanes. However, due to discoveries made during that testing, we postponed first deliveries of both models until 2011. While our testing served its purpose in identifying issues before our products enter into service, we regret the inconvenience and disappointment our customers have experienced as a result.
Notwithstanding these delays, our confi- dence in and enthusiasm for the game- changing capabilities that these new airplanes will bring to the world’s airlines remains undiminished. Demand for the 787 has held exceptionally strong, with 847 firm orders from 57 customers in 37 countries at year end. Overall, we ended 2010 with a backlog of 3,443 firm com- mercial airplane orders valued at $256 bil- lion, which sets a remarkable foundation for near-term and future growth.
Also in 2010, Boeing Defense, Space
& Security delivered 115 new and 66 remanufactured aircraft across tactical, mobility and surveillance programs, along with more than 10,000 precision-guided weapons systems, two launch vehicles, and four satellites. We also successfully performed three Space Shuttle launches and delivered performance-based logis- tics to customers worldwide.
In a strong year for sales, new orders for the group totaled $32 billion, including contracts for a multiyear procurement of 124 F/A-18 and EA-18G aircraft for the U.S. Navy; eight C-17s for the U.S. Air Force; Apache and Chinook rotorcraft for multiple customers; a satellite com- munications system for the government of Mexico; unmanned aircraft systems contracts for the U.S. Air Force and
U.S. Navy; and a $1.1 billion contract to provide the Future Logistics Information Services system for the United Kingdom. We also reached a key milestone with Congressional approval of a multibillion- dollar pending sale of F-15 fighters, Apache helicopters, and other systems to Saudi Arabia.
In addition, we had several developmen- tal and technological “firsts.” Our X-51A WaveRider, a hypersonic U.S. Air Force research vehicle, reached Mach 5 during its first flight — the longest supersonic combustion ramjet flight in history. The X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle became the first unmanned spacecraft to return to Earth and land autonomously. And, in the Airborne Laser Testbed program
(a directed-energy weapon system), we demonstrated the ability to use speed- of-light lethality to destroy a ballistic missile in its boost phase.
3
noitavonni

                  Total Backlog*
$ in billions
*Total backlog includes contractual and unobligated backlog. See page 21 of the 10-K.
Commercial Airplane Deliveries 2006 – 2010
Commercial Airplanes and Services Market 2010 – 2019
$ in billions
Boeing Defense, Space & Security Served Markets 2010– 2019
$ in billions
327.1
351.9
315.6
2009
481
2009
735
Single Aisle
1,300
Adjacent U.S. & International
320.8
2010
462
2010
735
Services
3,700
Total Served
$ in millions
With healthy core operations and
a total backlog of $321 billion, we have a solid foundation to support future growth.
For 2010, we delivered 462 com- mercial airplanes, including a second consecutive annual record for the 737 of 376 deliveries.
With a $2.3 trillion value, commercial airplanes and services provide large and attractive addressable markets over the next 10 years.
With a projected served market of $3.7 trillion over
the next 10 years, Boeing will continue to pursue product
Services Products
In total, $160 million from Boeing, its employees and The Boeing Company Charitable Trust went to improve lives and communi- ties worldwide.
Progress Achieved %
CO2 Emissions 28 Energy 30 Hazardous Waste 44 Water 42
Performance indicators normalized to revenue. CO2 Emissions:
metric ton/$ million Energy: MMBtu/$ million Hazardous Waste:
ton/$ million
Water: gallons/$ million
                  250.2
2006
398
2006
35
Regional Jets
1,600
Core U.S.
2007 2008
                                                                                                 441
375
              2007 2008
                                               135
Large Aircraft
675
Twin Aisle
                                                                                                                                                             Investing in Our Communities 37%
Environmental
Footprint 110% Reduction* 100% (Percent) 90%
800
Core International
27%
36%
Employee
Financial Giving Charitable
Grants 57 Business-Related Donations 60
Total 160
and service growth opportunities across our core, adjacent and international markets.
Boeing employees also volunteered hundreds of thousands of hours to support nonprofit organizations around the world.
On a revenue- adjusted basis, Boeing has reduced CO2 emissions by
28 percent, energy consumption by 30 percent, hazardous- waste generation by 44 percent and water intake by 42 percent since 2002.
   43
                                 80% 70% 60% 50%
02
03
04 05
06
07 08
09 10
                                                                                                                                                          *Major U.S. sites
                                                      4
 
                We also made three strategic acquisitions in 2010 — bringing our total to 10 over the past three years — to bolster our capa- bilities in areas of increasing emphasis
to our government customers, such as unmanned systems; cyber security; services; and intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance.
The year-end backlog for Defense, Space & Security was $65 billion — more than twice its 2010 revenues — giving it solid footing in what will remain a dynamic business climate.
A More Disciplined Approach
Beyond our operational accomplishments, we took additional action in 2010 to apply lessons learned from our development program experiences. While we acknowl- edge that game-changing innovation in this industry is never easy, we simply have to do better in fulfilling our promises to customers and delivering returns on these investments.
Further strengthening the role and impact of our engineering function was a prior- ity in 2010. For example, we appointed nine senior chief engineers — each with expertise in a specific technical field — to drive engineering excellence throughout the company. These leaders monitor the status of every Boeing program. They reach across business units, get directly involved in critical design reviews and
risk assessments, and help define system requirements.
This back-to-basics approach includes a disciplined, 11-step technical review pro- cess now required for all new programs. This rigorous process for identifying and mitigating risks begins at the design concept stage and continues all the way through product delivery and support.
These actions — along with the steps we have taken to strengthen leadership and organization structures, increase visibility and coordination across the supply chain, and bring certain manufacturing and engineering work back into Boeing — will help ensure the disciplined execution that has sustained this company for 95 years.
Moving Forward
Five years ago, we set out to unleash
the full potential of Boeing by increas-
ing growth and productivity, developing better leaders, and reaffirming our values through a more open and inclusive culture built on trust and personal accountability. Since then, we have made solid progress on our journey to advance our global leadership in aerospace.
With a clear-eyed view of the challenges and opportunities we foresee ahead, we have defined our priorities for 2011 and onward to our 2016 centennial.
First and foremost, we must continue to perform well on our core production pro- grams and in our services businesses — and maintain an enterprise focus on improving productivity. Thanks to the phenomenal work of Boeing employees, we have increased productivity by ap- proximately four percent annually over the past four years, which has given
us the flexibility to continue investing in fundamental innovation while weathering market and program setbacks.
At Boeing Commercial Airplanes,
we must prepare now for increasing global competition. Aircraft manufacturers in several countries are poised to challenge us for a share of the market where we have been competing solely against EADS/Airbus. These emerging competitors see the same massive
economic opportunity in commercial airplanes and related services that we do over the next 20 to 30 years.
Our priorities for Commercial Airplanes are: First, complete 787 and 747-8 devel- opment and deliver both airplanes this year. Second, steadily increase produc- tion across all programs to deliver our 3,443-airplane backlog faster and open more near-term delivery positions for sale to customers who want new airplanes sooner than we currently have them available. Third, continue to leverage and grow our commercial aviation services business. And fourth, extend our lead in product innovation and value with either improvements to, or replacements of, our 737 and 777 families.
At Boeing Defense, Space & Security, while global security threats remain high, we foresee an extended period of flat to declining defense budgets both in the United States and Europe. Government customers also are shifting more financial risk to industry, such as through fixed- price development contracts, and they are allocating larger shares of funding
for new capabilities in unmanned systems; intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance; logistics; and cyber and infrastructure security.
That said, the markets we serve (including in commercial satellites) are large and global, and defense spending in certain regions of the world is on the rise. Our broad portfolio of reliable, proven and affordable products and services is a big advantage in tight budgetary times when customers want better value for every dollar spent.
With that in mind, our Defense, Space
& Security priorities are: First, extend and grow our core businesses. Second,
focus
5

                leadership
win an even larger share of international sales and services opportunities. Third, strengthen our capabilities in the afore- mentioned, higher-growth new spending areas — through both internal investment and targeted acquisitions. And fourth, continue our affordability initiatives in support of the Pentagon’s drive to reduce costs and improve efficiencies in defense spending. We made good progress in each of these areas in 2010, but our competitors are not standing still, and that means that we must accelerate
our own actions.
One-Company Momentum
Leveraging the scope and scale of our enterprise functions in support of our businesses has proven to be the com- petitive advantage we first envisioned — delivering both top-line revenue growth and bottom-line productivity benefits.
For instance, through Boeing International, we have strengthened customer, supplier and other stakeholder relationships — and made our global operations more effec- tive and efficient. Collaboration across our commercial and defense services busi- nesses has reduced infrastructure costs, and improved the quality and diversity of our offerings. Centralization and stream- lining of critical elements of our research, development, testing and information technology organizations has yielded hundreds of millions of dollars in synergy and savings, made us more flexible and responsive to internal work requirements, and unlocked the depth and breadth
of our technical talent for application all across this company.
While much has been gained already
by more tightly integrating these and other functional organizations across the
company, the momentum behind these initiatives is accelerating, and we expect to capture substantial ongoing benefits.
The Environment and
Our Communities
Concern for the environment continues to be an important factor in our business — and that of our customers as well. Over the past 50 years, fuel-efficiency and design improvements have reduced carbon dioxide emissions by Boeing air- liners approximately 70 percent, while also limiting noise emissions by 90 percent.
Working with our customers and other partners, we have extensively researched and tested the development of advanced biofuels, which could provide a sus- tainable alternative for jet fuel without adversely affecting world food or water supplies or impeding valuable land use. During 2010, for example, we supported the first supersonic biofuel test flight in a U.S. Navy F/A-18E/F Super Hornet and the first biofuel blend rotorcraft flights with the Royal Netherlands Apache. We are also helping to improve the efficiency of the global air traffic management system, keeping airplanes from wasting fuel on the ground and in the air.
Internally, conserving energy, water and natural resources reduces our overhead costs while benefitting the environment. We remain on track to achieve our five- year target for a 25 percent reduction in greenhouse gas emissions, energy use, hazardous waste generation and water consumption — on a revenue-adjusted basis — by the end of 2012.
Charitable contributions and community engagement also demonstrate our values. In 2010, Boeing, our employees, retirees and our charitable trust invested
$160 million in communities around the globe, up nearly 12 percent compared to 2009. And our employees reinforced that commitment with nearly 400,000 hours of volunteered time and expertise.
Toward a Rarely Achieved Milestone
In just five more years, Boeing will mark its 100th year in operation — a milestone few companies achieve. With our rich history serving as a foundational strength, we approach our centennial with a re- newed competitiveness honed through the execution of strategies that have expanded our capabilities while making us faster, leaner and more efficient than we’ve ever been.
It is my honor to lead this team as we prepare to take this company into its second century of aerospace and techno- logical leadership. We know we are not entitled to this position. We are committed to earning it—day in and day out—as
we work to fulfill our promises to cus- tomers, attract and retain the best and brightest employees, act with the utmost integrity in everything we do, deliver healthy returns to our shareholders, and strengthen our communities.
All the pieces are in place for sustained growth and continued innovation as we realize the full potential of this company and its employees.
Jim McNerney Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
6
pihsredael
