2

Message From Our Chairman Driving long-term growth and value creation

3

W. James McNerney, Jr., Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

To the Shareholders and Employees of The Boeing Company:
From this company's beginning, we have directed our passion, precision and innovation into our products, services, customers and citizenship. On that foundation, we are pursuing one big, overarching goal. We aim to be the world's strongest, best and best-integrated aerospace company -- for today and tomorrow. Measured against that goal, 2007 stands out as a year of significant -- and accelerating -- progress. We achieved record financial performance, which reflects the potent combination of good top-line growth and strong gains in productivity. Total revenues rose to an all-time high of $66.4 billion. For the first time ever, both of our core businesses -- Boeing Commercial Airplanes and Boeing Integrated Defense Systems -- simultaneously achieved double-digit operating margins. Gains in productivity and performance in existing programs contributed significantly to earnings and helped offset additional investment in key growth programs. Our cash flow went from strong to even stronger -- increasing from $7.5 billion in 2006 to $9.6 billion in 2007.

We also had our best year ever in capturing new business and adding to a backlog that now totals almost one third of a trillion dollars -- or just about five times our total revenues in 2007. Boeing Commercial Airplanes had spectacular success in landing 1,423 airplane orders during 2007, reaching more than 1,000 orders for an unprecedented third consecutive year and setting a Boeing record for total orders in a single year. Commercial airplane orders make up $255 billion of Boeing's $327 billion total backlog. Meanwhile, Integrated Defense Systems won nine out of 11 strategically important competitions in 2007 -- an outstanding success rate. IDS is among the industry leaders in profitability and holds a healthy $72 billion backlog. I attribute this success to the people of Boeing who continuously improved their teams' execution, productivity and quality of work, doing so with the utmost integrity. Without incremental improvements generated by thousands upon thousands of Boeing employees last year, we would not have met what was -- to be sure -- a very challenging business plan. I am exceedingly proud of this team for displaying the courage, commitment, integrity and accountability that it takes to learn, share, grow and improve.

4

With a record order book, the challenge before us is fundamentally one of execution. Meeting our budget and schedule commitments not only drives customer satisfaction and near-term financial results but is also a prerequisite for the stability that enables us to improve productivity further. Still more, we must extend the high level of performance -to-plan that we have in existing production programs to our emerging programs, including the eagerly awaited 787 Dreamliner. During 2007, as a result of start-up difficulties in our extended supply chain and in our own factories, we announced delays in both the first flight and first deliveries of the 787. In doing so, we disappointed customers and investors alike. After four consecutive years of robust share-price appreciation, Boeing's stock declined in 2007 (down 1.6 percent for the year, compared to a 6.4-percent gain for the Dow Jones Industrial Average). While this decline brought our valuation down to more normal levels for our industry, we are confident that we will regain a premium for our shares as we deliver on our backlog and commitments -- including the 787 -- and continue growing. The growing pains we have experienced on the 787 are not uncommon with game-changing innovation. And that's what the 787 is all about. From the economic efficiency it will deliver for our customers, to the comfort and convenience it will provide passengers, and the reduced footprint it will leave on the environment, this is the right airplane at the right time. We believe strongly in the business model, and we are more confident than ever before in the technology behind the innovation. Notwithstanding the challenges that remain, the 787 Dreamliner is well on

its way to extraordinary success. It took the 737 (the best-selling airliner in commercial aviation history) more than 15 years from the time it was launched to reach 1,000 orders. We expect to surpass that milestone with the 787 in less than half the time. Still more, with the greater volume comes greater opportunity for us to reduce cost, improve productivity and achieve higher performance early in the production run.

Changing Competitive Landscape
Many people talk of Boeing and Airbus as a "duopoly," and we certainly regard Airbus as an extremely tough competitor. In fact, we expect to see Airbus' competitiveness increase as it restructures itself and the U.S. dollar ultimately regains ground on the Euro. But Boeing and Airbus will not be alone forever. With encouragement from their governments, other companies are developing or building commercial airplanes at or near the lower end of the size range served by our airplanes. This includes companies in Japan, China, Canada, Russia and Brazil. We must be prepared for a future in which there could be more than two producers of large commercial airplanes. At the same time, today's combination of high fuel prices and concern for the environment could tip the intermodal balance in regions that have or are building alternatives to air transport. For example, I recently had a conversation with a minister of a major European country that is strengthening its rail infrastructure but not building new airports, because its environmental policy encourages people to take trains for shorter trips. The issue of the environment is real. It's not going to go away -- and it shouldn't go away.

Fortunately, Boeing has a record of environmental achievement, as does the industry as a whole. Over the last 40 years, we have reduced carbon emissions from our commercial airplanes by around 70 percent and reduced noise emissions by 75 percent. However, commercial aviation still accounts for roughly 2 percent of world CO2 emissions. That percentage is expected to grow moderately with airline-fleet and travel expansion in coming years. So we are taking action to ensure sustainable growth for our industry. At research-and-development facilities and with partners around the world, Boeing is working on a future that could include sustainable biofuels, fuel cells (which may one day replace the auxiliary power units on today's airplanes), more efficient air traffic management systems and additional improvements in reducing emissions. Meanwhile, world defense markets are also changing. While this is opening up new avenues for growth outside the United States, it is also exposing Boeing and other U.S. defense companies to stiffer challenges from overseas competitors at home, where we expect budgets to moderate. Companies that provide the most innovative solutions -- not only in terms of products but also with regard to risk, efficiency, lifecycle costs and network integration -- will be the most successful. Boeing needs to continue performing well as an integrator of complex systems like the U.S. Army's Future Combat Systems. The company is also selectively developing in-house capabilities that, when combined with the best of industry, meet the enduring needs of our customers and enhance our strategic position in a competitive marketplace. In anticipating this changing competitive landscape, we are drawing on a fundamental playbook of continuous

5

2007 stands out as a year of significant -- and accelerating -- progress.

improvement to ensure both our current and future competitiveness through developing strong leaders; driving a continued focus on both top-line growth and bottom-line productivity; ensuring functional excellence (consistently following proven, common processes); maintaining a strong focus on ethics and compliance; driving a culture of openness, sharing and innovation; and acting with a sense of stewardship toward the world in which we are privileged to live and work.

and others -- could play an increasingly valuable part in driving both growth and productivity for the total Boeing enterprise. While IDS is new to India, it is uniquely positioned, given the breadth and depth of its capabilities, to provide defense products that fit almost all of India's major stated procurement needs. Those include multirole fighters, attack and heavy-lift helicopters, anti-ship missiles and naval training and antisubmarine aircraft. In India, people from our two core businesses share offices and work closely together in support of a common strategy. In following an integrated approach to doing business in this market, we are bringing "the best of Boeing" to India and "the best of India" to Boeing and our customers.

Our aspiration is for Boeing to become even greater than the sum of its parts (as great as those parts already are). This requires that we accelerate learning and sharing inside the company. The payout -- faster innovation and problem solving -- should impact both the top and bottom lines. It starts with improved employee engagement and broadening the flow of ideas. As a result, there should be clear evidence of continuously improving quality and service to our customers, as well as enhanced growth and improved productivity across our enterprise. We drive learning and sharing in many ways, from our Leadership Center (the flagship of our comprehensive leadership-development approach) to our four growth-and-productivity initiatives. Here are some examples of how our strategy of leveraging the depth and breadth of Boeing is taking root:
I At the Leadership Center, Boeing

Boeing Internationally: Global Growth, Productivity and Citizenship
We strive to build and sustain long-term relationships and embed Boeing as a respected member of communities and cultures all around the world. We recognize that great ideas also originate from places outside Boeing. So, more than looking solely to sell our products and services globally, one of our abiding goals is to both cultivate and access the best thinking and technology -- wherever it may be found. I will cite what we are doing in India as one example among many. Air India entered the jet age on the wings of the Boeing 707 more than four decades ago. With air travel in India growing at a phenomenal 25-percent annual rate, we are in the fortunate position of being the leading supplier of commercial airplanes to Indian carriers. That entails some collateral responsibilities. We are helping India build its aviation infrastructure. We are also buying from local Indian companies, tapping into an amazing talent pool in engineering and information technology. Several of these companies supply high-end aviation-related software to our commercial business. These companies --

Accelerating Learning and Sharing
It is said, there is strength in diversity. Nothing could be truer, if one makes the critical assumption, as we do at Boeing, that our success is fueled by a culture of sharing that brings a diversity of people and viewpoints to innovating and to solving problems. We have a great diversity of people and creative talent inside Boeing, and that is reflected in a long-standing, well-deserved reputation for doing amazing things and making a real difference in the world. Our people work on programs that are as challenging and different as the 787 Dreamliner, which involves technologies that will influence the course of commercial aviation for decades to come, and the Ground-based Midcourse Defense program, in which we have repeatedly demonstrated the ability to "hit a bullet with a bullet" in space with this important missile-defense project.

leaders present real Boeing business challenges and ask classes for help solving them. In fact, my leadership team has received -- and is acting on -- good ideas from several 2007 classes on how we might expand our services businesses, strengthen our program management, more deeply embed our four growth-and-productivity initiatives into our operations, and more quickly share best practices.
I By partnering with BCA and IDS to

consolidate nonproduction procurement and leverage companywide purchasing power through our Internal Services Productivity initiative, our Shared Services Group captured $765 million of contract-negotiated price reductions in 2007.
I By embracing input from other

parts of the company -- most notably Lean+ practices from Commercial Airplanes, our satellite business has

6

regained profitability and competitiveness. Where once the attitude was "Don't Need Help," it's now "Help Needed, Gladly Accepted and Readily Provided," because today our satellite unit exports expertise, best practices and lessons learned to other parts of the company.
I In 2007, we adopted a true com-

Modifications to the aircraft are now being done in-line as opposed to after-the-fact. This is a prime example of the unique advantage, synergy and cost savings our big business units bring to our customers. One of our fastest-growing and most profitable business areas is our commercial and military support services. Our growth here will be based on sticking to our strategy of expanding our core business and then moving to logical adjacencies across bridges of common cost structure, technology and customers. For example, an IDS Support Systems first-responder team has replicated the Lean+ approach that our Commercial Aviation Services team uses to reduce the response time from when a call comes in to when Boeing provides the product or service that a customer requested. We are also studying where we can better serve our customers by more closely aligning across our commercial and defense services by, for example, sharing infrastructures, or leveraging common supply chains such as in the provisioning of spare parts.

panywide research-and-development strategy. Our intent is to manage our portfolio of technologies at an enterprise level through a matrixed approach that ties all our efforts together. We want to eliminate gaps and fragmentation, arrive at a better balance of technologies between nearand far-term uses, and tap into the over $1 trillion that is spent around the world on research and development.

We expect Boeing leaders to embody certain attributes (chart the course, set high expectations, inspire others, find a way, live the Boeing values and deliver results). And we have shaped our performance, pay and promotion systems -- as well as our leadership and learning programs -- around them. The Boeing Leadership Center plays an integral role in bringing people together within Boeing and creating a common language and common culture. Our top 270 leaders all teach there on a regular basis as we embed the concept of "leaders teaching leaders" throughout the company. "Give me a lever...," Archimedes famously said, "and I will move the world." To my mind, leadership is leverage. What the leader does is to elevate the performance of others -- helping them to achieve their full potential. And as people grow, so does the company.

Sources of Incremental Growth
New programs and full production lines at Commercial Airplanes are the biggest drivers of our growth, and international sales -- always vital to BCA -- provide strong growth potential at IDS. Sharpening our culture of learning and sharing is as key to our growth as it is to our productivity -- especially in those markets where an integrated Boeing brings strengths that others will find difficult to match. Military derivatives of commercial airplanes, for example, have become a big and increasingly important market for Boeing. We expect this business to grow at a double-digit annual rate over the next several years. It used to be that commercial airplane airframes were torn apart and retrofitted in order to meet the heavy-duty structural requirements of military specifications. Today, 737 airframes destined for the U.S. Navy as reconnaissance and surveillance aircraft are being built alongside 737s for the world's airlines.

In Closing
I am proud to lead the Boeing team. In every part of our business, our people are rising to the challenge of solving complex problems and delivering exceptional value to our customers. We delivered record performance by many measures in 2007, and I believe our performance will become even better -- in 2008 and beyond -- as we accelerate toward becoming the world's strongest, best and bestintegrated aerospace company.

Leadership (and Leverage)
In any group or company, it is the leaders who define and shape the culture. Because that is so, nothing is more important to the future of the company than the development of leaders. It is no accident that a few of the best companies -- year after year -- go on producing the best leaders. They are leaders in leadership development. They know the kind of leadership they want. They model it, teach it, measure it, expect it and reward it. We are doing all of those things at Boeing.

Jim McNerney Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

We aim to be the world's strongest, best and best-integrated aerospace company.

