Chairman's Letter

Kenneth D. Lewis
CHAIRMAN, CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRESIDENT

To Our Shareholders
Our size, scale, revenue diversity and ability to execute are never more crucial than during a year of extraordinary challenges.

2008 was an extraordinarily difficult year for our company. The economy, which had struggled for most of the year, hit a wall in the fourth quarter, posting the largest quarterly decline in gross domestic product since 1982. Credit costs, which had been rising steadily all year, escalated as unemployment and underemployment rose sharply. We expect credit costs to continue to rise this year. Trading results took a sharp turn for the worse as credit spreads suddenly widened in the fourth quarter. Trends in the credit markets are difficult to predict, but we are hopeful that a move toward normalcy will allow our capital markets operations to return to profitability in 2009. These developments resulted in our first quarterly loss since 1991, and a sharp drop in our profitability for the year. In view of the challenging environment, we took a number of difficult steps: We cut our dividend -- which had increased every year since 1977 -- to $0.01. To lower our expense base, we accelerated and expanded our cost-cutting initiatives. The board accepted my recommendation that no members of our Executive Management Team should receive any bonus or incentive compensation for 2008. And, to help us close our acquisition of Merrill Lynch, we

2 Bank of America 2008

Total Shareholders' Equity
$177,052 $135,272 $146,803

'06

'07

'08

In millions, at year end

negotiated with the U.S. government to invest another $20 billion in Bank of America in the form of preferred stock. I am very aware of the financial burden our decisions have created for our shareholders, but we felt it necessary to maintain our capital strength and stability in these uncertain times. Despite a year with no shortage of bad news, I maintain a positive and optimistic outlook for our future. Here's why: For the full year, in the midst of the worst recession in generations, we earned more than $4 billion, ranking us second among all U.S. financial institutions. Two of our three major lines of business made money (Global Consumer & Small Business Banking and Global Wealth &

Strong Earnings Potential

Despite unprecedented economic challenges, Bank of America earned more than $4 billion in 2008

Investment Management). And Global Corporate & Investment Banking, which has weathered so much of the capital markets disruption this past year, came very close to breaking even. The point is that the potential earnings power of our company is still huge, and still growing. We made two key acquisitions. Countrywide gives us an opportunity to

lead the mortgage market to a healthier and more stable future. Merrill Lynch, I believe, is a tremendous long-term strategic fit for our company, notwithstanding the large losses they reported in the fourth quarter largely due to sharp writedowns in various capital markets instruments. I discuss both of these transactions in more detail in a separate section of this letter. Our top priority right now, as the economy continues to weaken, must be to build on our capital strength, so we'll be in a good position to continue to support customers and clients. Bank of America has been a strong and stable presence in the world's financial system since this crisis started almost two years ago. The actions we've taken will help us maintain and build on that strength so that we can continue to play a leading role in the economic recovery to come. Much has changed and much will continue to change in our industry. Consolidation within and across sectors of the financial services industry has all but stopped with the financial sector in turmoil, but will accelerate when the market stabilizes and assets become easier to price. Old competitors have disappeared, while new ones are emerging. Structural and regulatory changes are slowing or reversing the

evolution of the global markets. We are heading toward a simpler, more transparent financial services environment. And a smaller and more humble financial services industry. Despite all this change -- and, in some ways, encouraged by it -- we remain committed to our core vision for this company. We are working to build a global financial services company that offers our customers and clients unmatched convenience and expertise, high-quality service and a variety of financial products and services delivered as a single relationship. Unlike many of our competitors in the financial services industry, we are well-capitalized, deposit-funded and extremely liquid. We have one of the largest, broadest customer bases in the industry. We have a diverse collection of market-leading businesses that help support one another through economic cycles. Most important, we have a long history of managing successfully through economic and business challenges. I am confident we will do so again.

Financial Results
The deepening recession provides the context for our financial results. In 2008, Bank of America earned $4.01 billion, down from $14.98 billion in 2007. Earnings after preferred
Bank of America 2008 3

Tier 1 Capital Ratio
8.64% 6.87% 9.15%

'06

'07

'08

At year end

dividends and available to common shareholders were $2.56 billion, or $0.55 per diluted share, down from $14.80 billion, or $3.30 per diluted share, a year earlier. Revenue (on a fully taxable-equivalent basis) rose 8 percent to $73.98 billion from $68.58 billion in 2007, from organic growth

Strong Deposit Growth

Bank of America holds $883 billion in total deposits, up 9.7% in 2008

and the addition of U.S. Trust, LaSalle and Countrywide. Return on average common shareholders' equity fell to 1.80 percent from 11.08 percent. Our efficiency ratio stayed well outside our target range (under 50 percent), at 56.14 percent. Provision expense rose $18.44 billion to $26.83 billion, and nonperforming assets and net charge-off ratios rose to 1.96 percent and 1.79 percent, respectively. There is no question that the recessionary environment is hurting results in all our businesses. And yet, the news is not bad across the board. The bulk of our losses in 2008 were the result of severe market and economic impacts in three of our businesses in particular: Mortgage, Home Equity &
4 Bank of America 2008

Insurance Services (MHEIS); Capital Markets & Advisory Services (CMAS); and Columbia Management. All of our other businesses were able to generate a profit despite the harsh economic environment, and two actually increased net income in 2008. Within Global Consumer & Small Business Banking (GCSBB), Deposits and Student Lending net income increased 9 percent to $6.21 billion, and Card Services, which has been battered by rising credit costs, still managed to post net income for the year of $521 million. In Global Corporate & Investment Banking (GCIB), Business Lending posted net income of $1.72 billion (down 14 percent on higher credit costs), and Treasury Services net income increased 28 percent to $2.73 billion. In Global Wealth & Investment Management (GWIM), U.S. Trust earned $460 million (down just 2 percent) and Premier Banking and Investments earned $584 million (a 54 percent decrease due to higher credit costs). The ability of our associates in these businesses to generate substantial profits in our current economic environment is a testament to their skill and determination, and to the advantages of our broad franchise. The profitability of these businesses also demonstrates why we value revenue diversity so highly in our business model.

In times of severe financial stress, what financial institutions need more than anything is capital. Bank of America has, for years, been among the most well-capitalized banks in the world. But the fourth quarter of 2008 tested even our ability to maintain a deep well of financial resources. In early October, to shore up capital levels as credit losses accelerated, we raised nearly $10 billion through the sale of common stock and cut our dividend on common stock in half. Then, in mid-October, the U.S. Treasury Department decided to use funds from the Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) to inject capital directly into the nation's banks through purchases of preferred stock. At the outset of this program, we accepted an investment of $15 billion. We also agreed at that time to accept Merrill Lynch's initial share of the TARP funds, $10 billion, in early January. After discussions with federal government officials, the government agreed to provide an additional $20 billion in January to enable the closing of our acquisition of Merrill Lynch. All three preferred stock investments will yield a dividend to the U.S. Treasury and have repayment terms for the full amount of the investment. We paid our first dividend to the U.S. Treasury Department on all three tranches

We are building a global financial services company that offers our customers and clients unmatched convenience and expertise, high-quality service and a variety of financial products and services delivered as a single relationship.

of the TARP investment -- a total of just over $400 million -- on February 17. We believe that by accepting these investments, we should have the capital and liquidity we need to absorb Merrill's balance sheet and maintain our capital strength through the recession. The downside is that these obligations create a significant drag on earnings as we work to pay the government's investment back, which we intend to do as soon as possible.

Countrywide and Merrill Lynch
We made two major acquisitions in the past 12 months that we believe will produce positive results for our company over time. We agreed to acquire Countrywide in January of last year. We knew that we were heading into a difficult economic period in which home mortgages would be at the center of an intense economic storm. We also knew that acquiring Countrywide would give us the best mortgage technology platform in the business; thousands of capable and experienced associates; and a leading market position in the United States in home lending -- the foundational financial product for millions of American families in the most prosperous country in the world. The mortgage market needs to be reformed, and we are leading the effort

to build a more stable home lending industry. We are leading the industry by creating new programs to mitigate foreclosures for homeowners under financial stress. Our decision to acquire Countrywide also has put us in a great position to capitalize on the surge in this business, as low interest rates bring borrowers back into the market for home purchases and refinancings, and we are expanding our capacity to process new applications. All this activity is leading us toward an anticipated Customer Day One in late April, when we'll begin rebranding all Countrywide operations as Bank of America Home Loans. In time, the housing market will come back, and I believe we will benefit greatly from being a leading home loan provider in the country when it does. The businesses that came to us as part of Merrill Lynch are fighting through a very tough environment now. But we can't lose sight of their underlying power. Merrill Lynch's wealth management business is the best in the world. It has consistently outperformed its peers in revenue per financial advisor and assets managed per advisor. Combining Merrill's productive capacity and industry-leading practices with our traditional banking capabilities and distribution network will make us a very strong competitor in this market.

We now serve more than 4 million individual and institutional clients all over the world, and manage more than $1.8 trillion in total client assets through more than 18,000 financial advisors. We will work to expand relationships on the wealth management side by offering the convenience and quality of our traditional banking services. And we will offer our banking customers the best wealth management platform in the world. Nothing that has happened in the past six months diminishes this opportunity. The investment banking business is obviously under a lot of strain. And it is likely that many of the markets for complex structured asset-backed products will not come back in the foreseeable future. But we are focused on serving the capital raising and investment banking needs of our commercial and corporate clients, and we are well-positioned to do so. Our combined business serves 99 percent of the U.S. Fortune 500 and 83 percent of the Fortune Global 500. We now approach the market as an undisputed global leader in wholesale financial services, providing clients with lending, deposits, cash management, group banking, wealth management, debt and equity capital raising, syndications, mergers & acquisitions advisory services, risk
Bank of America 2008 5

Total Deposits
$805,177 $693,497 $882,997

'06

'07

'08

In millions, at year end

management products, and securities sales and trading. We are already seeing business activity levels beginning to pick up. We now have leading positions in markets all over the world, and our investment banking team is among the most talented and experienced in the business. On the far side of the storm we're in, I believe there is tremendous opportunity in both of these acquisi-

Strong Market Share

Bank of America serves one of every two U.S. households and 99% of the U.S. Fortune 500

tions. And I am excited about working with our new associates to seize it.

Managing risk and reward
We are in the business of taking risk -- lending to individuals and businesses to fuel the economy. It is also our business to manage that risk. Our industry as a whole did a poor job on that front in the lead-up to our current crisis. The institutions that did the worst job are no longer with us. Those that did a better job have endured. But no one I know of in this industry is crowing. We all have learned -- or relearned -- hard lessons. The challenges created by the
6 Bank of America 2008

economic and market environment do not excuse Bank of America's performance. But they do help explain it. One of the biggest issues we faced over the course of the most recent growth cycle was the speed and degree of fundamental, structural changes that were happening throughout the economy. New market participants were emerging and growing rapidly, including sovereign wealth funds, hedge funds and other global investors. Structured products, thanks to advancing technology, grew more complex by the day. The speed and volume of securities creation and trading increased exponentially. Markets and risks grew ever more interconnected. And the sheer volume of information in the system that needed to be tracked, monitored, analyzed and understood led to a growing opacity -- the opposite of what you want when you're managing risk. As we work our way through the current cycle, we're applying the lessons we've learned the hard way. One lesson is that we must not rely too heavily on mathematical risk modeling in assessing risks. The models are sophisticated, but they are only as good as the assumptions of the people who create them, and only as well-informed as the data we feed into them. We have to balance our risk modeling abilities with what we know at any given

moment about our customers, clients and portfolios; a commonsense understanding of economic fundamentals; and our knowledge of business cycles. And we must have the courage to test the former against the latter when economic facts and risk assessments seem out of balance. Another lesson is that we need to return to the fundamentals in our business. We are producing simpler and more transparent products to meet our customers' current financial needs, and developing those that will help them when the cycle turns. We also are recalibrating our assessments of risk factors like customer creditworthiness, portfolio concentrations and market trends to account for new economic realities. And we are using new tools to manage all these risks more effectively. Finally, we've concluded that, while organizational structure can be important in the way we manage risk, it is not the primary determinant of success. The most important factors are people and culture. When we have the right people in the right assignments -- people with not only intelligence and insight, but also the courage to engage teammates on thorny risk issues -- and when we have nurtured a risk culture that welcomes and encourages debate, we usually get to the right answer.

We are well-capitalized, deposit-funded and extremely liquid. We have one of the largest, broadest customer bases in the industry.

Many paths to growth
One of the most important ideas on which we've built this company is that diversity creates strength. Diversity of businesses, revenue streams, risks, ideas, perspectives and people brings strength to an organization that is hard to come by any other way. The same is true about growth opportunities. The more paths to growth we can pursue simultaneously and in coordination with one another, the more likely we'll be to reach our goals. Earlier, I discussed our prospects in home lending, wealth management and corporate and investment banking. We also are well-positioned to generate growth in our other two main business lines, Deposits & Student Lending and Card Services. We already serve half of all American households, and we're benefitting from a flight to safety, a powerful brand and rising customer satisfaction. In 2008, average retail core deposits (excluding Countrywide) grew by nearly $54 billion or 11.2 percent. Customers opened nearly 5 million net new checking and savings accounts. For the year, average balances in CDs and IRAs were up nearly 16 percent, and balances in money market savings accounts were up more than 18 percent. In Card Services, we are facing incredibly stiff headwinds in the form

of rising credit costs. The opportunity we have in 2009 is to increase customer loyalty for the future as we help customers work through hard economic times. In 2008, we modified nearly 850,000 credit card loans, whether by lowering interest rates, reducing monthly payments or eliminating fees. We also continue to refer customers to debt management programs. We believe our approach to helping our customers manage through hard times will pay off in retention and growth when the economy improves. Last year, I wrote here for the first time about our $20 billion environmental initiative. We believe there is tremendous growth potential for companies that stake out a leadership position in alternative energy production and conservation. To that point, we signed an agreement with a greentechnology company that is helping us reduce our energy consumption in all our banking centers across the country by as much as 50 percent. And we're supporting ventures that we believe will lead to abundant and renewable energy sources in the future. For example, we co-led an initial public offering for Ocean Power Technologies, a company that is engineering new technologies that will enable utilities to harvest and transport energy from ocean waves. We also are continuing to support our

local communities through both community development lending and investing, and philanthropic programs like our Neighborhood Excellence Initiative (NEI). Through NEI, now in its sixth year, we have provided support to hundreds of neighborhood nonprofits, anchor institutions and community leaders through unrestricted operating grants and leadership development programs. Given the economic environment and the impact that the recession is having in neighborhoods across the country, we are working more closely than ever with community leaders to identify the most critical needs and gaps in local assistance programs and ensure that resources are flowing to individuals and families that have been especially hard-hit. For example, in 2008 we announced a Neighborhood Preservation Initiative offering grants and low-interest loans to nonprofit community organizations that will help borrowers stay in their homes through financial education programs and other outreach activities. Most important, we are not backing down from the goals we put in place last year to lend and invest $1.5 trillion over 10 years in low- and moderate-income and minority neighborhoods, and to give at least $2 billion over 10 years through the Bank of America Charitable Foundation. We believe it is critically important
Bank of America 2008 7

Total Assets
$1,716 $1,460 $1,818

'06

'07

'08

In billions, at year end

that we support the communities on which our future prosperity depends.

Supporting the U.S. economy
Throughout 2008, we operated with a strong belief that what is good for our communities and our country is also good for our company -- and vice versa. Although every headline is telling us that banks aren't lending, we extended more than $600 billion in new credit during 2008 to consumers, small businesses and large corporations. Obviously, lending volume is not what it was at the height of the boom. And it shouldn't be. We're in a recession, which means that demand for credit is lower, and credit standards are tighter. But that doesn't mean "banks aren't lending." In fact, we're out there in the marketplace making every good loan we can, growing our relationships with existing customers and creating new ones. We also have been a leader in foreclosure mitigation and loan modifications, as we work to help individuals and families stay in their homes. In 2008, Bank of America and Countrywide modified approximately 230,000 home loans to avoid foreclosures, representing approximately $44 billion in mortgage financing. And we have committed to offer loan modifications for as many as 630,000 customers, representing up to $100 billion in
8 Bank of America 2008

financing. To help people keep their savings secure, we've opened millions of retirement accounts, CDs and savings accounts. All these activities are helping to provide support to the economy as we work our way toward recovery. They also are helping Bank of America increase our market share across all our businesses, create relationships with new customers, and strengthen the loyalty of longtime customers. We are taking action to grow our business -- and we are doing our part to support our customers, ease the credit crunch and stimulate the economy at the same time.

How we got here -- and where we're going
The financial services industry has undergone transformative, wrenching change over the past 18 months. In the blink of an eye, we've seen the demise of the independent investment banking business model on Wall Street; the failure or acquisition of many of the largest thrifts and mortgage lenders in the country; and, to a great extent, the disappearance of some parts of the securitization industry for what has now been more than a year. The industry that emerges from this crisis will look much different. It will have accelerated toward the "barbell"

we've been predicting for years: a handful of very large, diversified, global firms on one end, and thousands of small, local community banks on the other. Credit markets will feature simpler, more transparent products. We will be a smaller industry, with fewer overall employees, and claiming a smaller portion of national income and gross national product. And regulation and oversight of the industry will be tighter and more conservative, especially in sectors of the industry that were lightly regulated before (e.g., mortgage lending, hedge funds, credit markets, non-bank consumer finance). The story of how we got here is the story of every great economic bubble in history. Every group of participants in the economy -- lenders, borrowers, regulators, policy makers, appraisers, rating agencies, investors, investment bankers -- had a motive to push the cycle forward, and most did. The institutions that gave in completely to the frenzy around them, and engaged in the worst lending practices, are no longer with us. Those that balanced the need to compete with the need to maintain prudent lending standards -- like Bank of America -- survive today, and have provided a stabilizing effect in an otherwise unstable financial services industry. One of the greatest challenges our

Total Loans and Leases
$876,344 $706,490 $931,446

'06

'07

'08

In millions, at year end

industry now faces is helping consumers deleverage their household balance sheets. For an industry that became too dependent on interest income to produce profits, the prospect of significantly lower consumer borrowing levels can be sobering. The answer, in my view, is for financial institutions to

Strong Customer Support

We modified about 230,000 home loans during 2008 to help avoid foreclosures

diversify their business models, creating a balanced revenue stream that includes both interest and noninterest income from a wide range of financial products and services that enable customers not only to borrow, but also to save and invest. Bank of America's diversified business model should be a model for the industry. Because we offer a wide range of savings and investment products as well as credit products, we are not captive to an ever increasing need for interest income. There's great credibility in being able to tell customers you want to help them achieve financial balance and financial health when you have the product set to back it up. Diversification also will be helpful

as the regulatory environment changes in the wake of our current crisis. A diversified revenue stream naturally exerts a stabilizing influence on earnings over time, which reassures those charged with overseeing the strength and stability of the industry. And diversification also protects against changes in the profitability of individual financial sectors due to changing rules and regulations. The universal bank model has come under a lot of fire over the past year. But my firm belief is that, when properly executed, the universal model will grow in favor as the strongest and most viable in the industry. The successful universal bank will be one that achieves leading positions in the markets in which it competes; integrates operations to create value for customers; and creates a strong, binding culture across the enterprise that supports the institutional mission. This is the strategy we've followed at Bank of America throughout my tenure as CEO. I continue to believe it is the strategy that will enable us to outperform our competitors when the economy finally strengthens.

Looking toward the future
Successfully executing our strategy, and managing through one of the worst economic environments in our nation's

history, will require an extremely capable, experienced and tight-knit leadership team. To that point, I'd like to review some of the leadership changes we've had over the past year. Barbara Desoer, a longtime Bank of America leader, has moved to Calabasas, California, where she is leading the team that is hard at work reinventing the home lending industry. Barbara's experience leading our Consumer Products and Global Technology & Operations divisions in recent years has prepared her well for this challenge. Bruce Hammonds, one of the driving forces behind the evolution of the card industry over the past three decades, retired at the end of 2008. Bruce successfully led our Card Services business since our acquisition of MBNA in 2006. He has been succeeded by Ric Struthers, who helped create MBNA in 1982. Ric's deep knowledge and experience in the card industry will be critical to our success as we reposition that business in a changing economic environment. Brian Moynihan, who led our Global Corporate & Investment Banking business during 2008, has taken responsibility for Global Banking & Wealth Management, including Commercial and Corporate Banking and Global Product Solutions. Brian, who led the rapid growth of our wealth
Bank of America 2008 9

We already serve half of all American households, and we're benefitting from a flight to safety, a powerful brand and rising customer satisfaction.

management business for several years, is now focused on pulling together our teams from across Bank of America and Merrill Lynch as we build a leading presence in these businesses. Tom Montag, who joined Merrill Lynch in 2008 as head of Global Sales & Trading, will lead our Global Markets businesses. Before joining Merrill, Tom spent 22 years in a number of senior roles with Goldman Sachs. Tom's experience in securities markets all over the world makes him an ideal leader for our team as we work to build this business. We also have welcomed three former members of the Merrill Lynch board of directors to our board. Charles O. Rossotti is a senior advisor at The Carlyle Group and a former IRS commissioner. Virgis W. Colbert is a senior advisor to the MillerCoors Company. Retired Admiral Joseph Prueher is a consulting professor at Stanford University's Institute of International Studies, and formerly served as U.S. ambassador to the People's Republic of China. I look forward to their leadership and contributions to our company. We will have one departure from our board this year. Meredith R. Spangler, a director since 1988, will retire at our annual meeting. When Meredith joined our board, we were a regional bank called NCNB that operated in just a handful of Southern states. Over the
10 Bank of America 2008

past 20 years, she has helped guide our growth through at least a half-dozen transformative mergers and several business cycles. As a member of our Corporate Governance Committee, she has been instrumental in guiding the development of the standards and protocols through which we govern the company. And she has provided valued advice and counsel to both Hugh McColl, our former chairman and CEO, and me in good times and bad. In short, during her time on our board, Meredith Spangler has been a constant source of strength and wisdom to this company and its leaders. We are positioned to survive this economic crisis and be a global force in our industry in part because of her leadership. Her presence will be sorely missed, and we wish her only the best in all her future endeavors. 2008 was one of the most challenging years in our company's history. 2009 will be a great challenge as well. But this is not the first time this company has faced and successfully managed through economic or business crises. We have a 225-year history of persevering during hard times, and positioning ourselves to be even stronger when economic growth returns. Despite the severity of our current challenges, I remain undeterred. I believe that our combination of strong

businesses, leading market positions, diverse earnings power and talented associates will see us through, and that we will emerge as one of the strongest and best financial institutions in the world. In conclusion, I would like to thank every shareholder for your patience and continued confidence in our team and our company. Every associate at Bank of America is working together toward a common goal: restoring this company to a position of financial and competitive strength. I look forward to reporting to you over the course of the year on our progress. And, as always, I welcome your thoughts and suggestions.

KENNETH D. LEWIS CHAIRMAN, CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRESIDENT MARCH 9, 2009

