Bank of America Corporation 2015 Annual Report

To our shareholders,
Thank you for investing in Bank of America. In 2015, your company earned nearly $16 billion and returned nearly $4.5 billion in capital. This progress is the result of continued strong business performance, no longer clouded over by heavy mortgage and crisis-related litigation and operating costs. Over the past several years, we've followed a strategy to simplify the company, rebuild our capital and liquidity, invest in our company and our capabilities, and pursue a straightforward model focused on responsible growth.

At the Core of our strategy is the commitment we made to a clear purpose: to make financial lives better by connecting those we serve to the resources and expertise they need to achieve their goals. This is what drives us. 

A Note of Introduction from Lead Independent Director, Jack Bovender
To our shareholders: On behalf of the directors of your company, I join our CEO and the management team in thanking you for choosing to invest in Bank of America. I also want to take this opportunity to add to Brian's letter, which highlights the Board's independent oversight of management and our focus on building long-term shareholder value. You are represented by a strong independent Board. As a steward of the company on your behalf, the Board is focused on the active and independent oversight of management. The Board oversees risk management, our governance, and carries out other important duties in coordination with Board committees that have strong, experienced chairs and members. To enhance the Board's effectiveness, we conduct intensive and thoughtful annual selfassessments, regularly evaluate our leadership structure, and review feedback from shareholders. We have strengthened our director recruiting process to deepen our diversity of thought and experience, broaden our demographic, and bring on fresh perspectives that invigorate our discourse with management and with each other. We are committed to engaging with shareholders, and we have made enhancements to our corporate governance practices that are informed by the feedback from our engagement. The Board also regularly evaluates the company's strategy, operating environment, performance, and the progress your company is making toward its goals. Over several days each fall, in anticipation of the coming year, we engage in a thorough review with management of the company's multi-year strategy. We assess how the company has performed against the prior year's plan. We examine how well the businesses are delivering for our customers and clients under the strategic plan, as well as the processes the company has in place to increase revenue, manage risk and expenses, and grow. We also consider the operating environment and management assumptions about how the environment will affect the company's results and returns. During our regular meetings throughout the year, we further monitor and evaluate shorter-term issues and how they may impact the company's execution of its strategy and its progress toward building long-term shareholder value. Throughout 2015, I had the pleasure of continuing to meet with our shareholders to discuss our strategic planning process and corporate governance practices. Hearing directly from these shareholders, as well as from regulators with whom we regularly visit, provides me and the other independent Board members important perspective. I look forward to more meetings in 2016. I encourage you to carefully review this report, our 2016 proxy statement, our forthcoming Business Standards Report, and the other materials the company makes available to shareholders to better understand the opportunities and challenges ahead and the company's work to execute its strategy. We remain committed to building long-term value in the company and returning value to you, our shareholders. Sincerely,

Responsible Growth
When we look at where we stand today, our company is stronger, simpler, and better positioned to deliver longterm value to our shareholders, thanks to the straightforward way in which we serve our customers and clients. The path forward is clearly one of responsible growth. Responsible growth has four pillars:


Grow and Win in the G Market--No Excuses
Page 4



Grow With Our Customer-Focused Strategy Page 7  Grow Within Our Risk Framework Page 8 Grow in a Sustainable Manner Page 11





Jack O. Bovender, Jr. Lead Independent Director

