   Kenneth D. Lewis
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
The theme of this report — Higher Standards — reflects your company’s commitment to the idea that in every endeavor, there is always an opportunity to raise the bar, to do something better than anyone has done it before. Our commitment to this idea is evident in the year’s achievements.
In 2002, your company:
• Posted strong financial results in a challenging
business environment;
• Launched exciting new products and significantly
improved customer satisfaction;
• Outperformed its peers and gained market share
in most of its major businesses; and,
• Won recognition from two major financial
publications (U.S. Banker and American Banker) as the best American banking story of the year.
We are fulfilling our vision for a fully integrated, multi-product financial services company, and that vision has not changed. We are more convinced than ever that clients of all our businesses want a financial services partner that offers unmatched convenience and expertise, high service quality, innovation and a variety of products and services delivered as a single relationship. We also remain convinced that such a company, when managed with focus, discipline and intensity, will produce strong growth and consistent, quality returns for its owners.
Building and preserving trust. Producing quality returns was, as always, our top priority in 2002. But there was no denying the top story of the year in corporate America:
BANK OF AMERICA 2002 1

 $35.0 $35.1 $33.3
2000 2001 2002
Revenue
($ in billions)
(fully taxable equivalent)
$20.7 $18.6
2000 2001 2002 Non Interest Expense
($ in billions)
$7.5
$6.8
2000 2001 2002 Net Income
($ in billions)
$9.2
  a crisis of public confidence in the ability of American corporations to govern themselves effectively and ethically.
When your Board of Directors launched an initiative
two years ago to review, redesign and formally adopt new governing principles, we thought we were simply setting new standards required to become a world-class company. We had no idea how rapidly these initiatives would become
a competitive advantage. Two years later, we have confidence in our governance systems and continue to refine our policies to ensure adequate independence, control and oversight of our company’s activities.
Our governance structure enables us to manage all the major aspects of the company’s business effectively through an integrated process that includes financial, strategic, risk and associate planning. In particular, we made important changes in our processes for managing risk. As a financial services company, we are in the business of taking risk — whether we succeed depends largely on whether we take the right risks, and whether we get paid appropriately for the risks we take.
We define risk broadly, including not only credit, market and liquidity risk — the traditional concerns for banks — but also operational risk, including risks related to systems, processes or external events, as well as legal, regulatory and reputation risks. In evaluating and responding to risk, we employ three lines of accountability to protect shareholder value: first, the line of business; second, Risk Management, joined by other units such as Finance and Legal; and third, our corporate audit function.
Our management processes, structures and policies help us ensure compliance with laws and regulations and provide clear lines of sight for decision-making and accountability. But these disciplines represent only one side of governance. The other side, corporate culture, is even more important.
It is corporate culture — championed by leadership and sustained by every associate within the organization — that determines corporate ethics.
One way we build and protect our culture is by aggres- sively promoting our company’s core values to associates at all times, as well as our Code of Ethics, which we updated last fall. But we also know that actions speak louder than words. And so, we foster a culture of openness, in which healthy debate is encouraged and associates are expected to blow the whistle on improper activity. We also do not hesitate to separate ourselves from individuals who violate our cultural standards and expectations, regardless of performance or potential.
We believe results are important — but we believe how we achieve results is equally important. Our commitment to this principle is the key to sustaining the public trust and confidence in our company.
Strong, consistent financial results. In 2002, your company’s associates produced net income of $9.25 billion on revenue of $35.1 billion, compared to $6.79 billion and $35.0 billion in 2001. While these are solid results taking into account continuing economic headwinds, we are highly focused on increasing revenue in 2003 as
2 BANK OF AMERICA 2002

we pursue our long-term goal of 7% to 9% annual revenue growth. Earnings per share (EPS) were $5.91, shareholder value added (SVA) was $3.76 billion, and return on equity (ROE) was 19.4%; these results compared, respectively,
to $4.18, $3.09 billion and 14.0% in 2001.
The result is a stock price for your company that continues
to climb. In 2002, it increased 10.5% to $69.57 at year-end, a strong gain on top of a 2001 increase of 37%. Over a three-year period, Bank of America ranks number one in its peer group with a 15.9% average total shareholder return, including both stock price gains and dividends.
Returning capital to shareholders continues to be a priority. In October, the board approved a 7% increase in the quarterly dividend to $0.64, or $2.56 annually, repre- senting a 3.7% dividend yield based on our stock price at the end of the year. In addition, we repurchased 109 million shares of stock in 2002, and the board authorized further repurchases of up to 130 million shares within 24 months at its January 22, 2003 meeting.
As in 2001, our Consumer and Commercial Banking business (CCB) led the way for our company, with par- ticularly strong growth in card income, mortgage banking income and deposits. Our results in these businesses demonstrate the tremendous strength of CCB as a growth engine for our company.
CCB posted earnings of $6.09 billion, up from $4.95 billion a year earlier. Revenue growth in CCB was 9%, including growth of 8% in card income and 27% in mortgage banking income. Average deposits grew 6% and consumer loans increased 16%. We also achieved significant growth in our customer base as net new checking accounts increased by more than half a million and active users of Online Banking surged to more than 4.7 million. Commercial loan levels declined 12% as companies paid down loan balances.
We also took steps this year to open new markets and to expand our customer base in the consumer and small business segments.
Last fall, we announced plans to open up to 550 new banking centers over the next three years, including 15 new banking centers in Chicago in the coming year. Banking centers continue to be the dominant channel for the creation of new banking relationships, and we are opening these centers in markets that offer the best potential for new growth.
In December, we agreed to purchase a 24.9% stake in Grupo Financiero Santander Serfin (GFSS), the subsidiary of Santander Central Hispano in Mexico, for $1.6 billion. GFSS is the third-largest and most profitable banking organization in Mexico. The transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of 2003.
This investment was driven by our desire to better serve Hispanic customers within our U.S. franchise and to increase our presence in all our Hispanic communities. Our relationship with GFSS will enable us to better understand our Hispanic customers, enhance our products and services and position Bank of America as the bank of choice for the Mexican-American population in our key markets. Finally, the investment met our stated financial hurdles and will be accretive to earnings in 2003.
Our Global Corporate and Investment Banking business (GCIB), by focusing on clients in industry sectors with high growth potential and where we have specific expertise, gained market share in almost all of its major product and service categories. In particular, we gained ground in advisory services, equity offerings, convertibles, high-grade debt and asset-backed securities.
Global Treasury Services continued to provide a strong, steady income stream for GCIB with a 26% increase in net income. Investment banking fees of $1.5 billion fell only 3% from last year, even as fees across the industry fell by double digits. Despite strong performance in GCIB relative to our competitors, lower demand in market-sensitive businesses (including a significant decline in trading profits), coupled with continued high credit losses, resulted in net income of $1.72 billion, a 12% decline from last year.
Results in the Asset Management Group (AMG) also were deeply affected by the challenging economy generally and the double-digit decline in the stock market specifically. Net income from AMG fell 23% from a year ago to $404 million, primarily due to weak market activity and one large credit charge-off.
These results masked important accomplishments for the business. Our mutual funds investment results put us among the leading performers in 2002, and assets under management remained stable at $310 billion while, again, major market indices fell sharply. AMG also made strong gains on its great- est priority: expanding distribution by increasing the number of advisors serving clients. Our goal was to increase our force of financial advisors by 20% — a goal we surpassed in 2002.
BANK OF AMERICA 2002 3

Our ability to add resources and capabilities in businesses like GCIB and AMG demonstrates a great advantage of
our diverse revenue streams. During a year in which most market-sensitive businesses struggled greatly, our corporate earning power enabled us to continue to invest in our investment banking and asset management businesses.
By adding program trading capabilities for our institutional clients and advisors in Asset Management, we continued to position these businesses well to lead their industries when markets recover.
Your company’s financial results clearly illustrate the strength of our business mix. Steady earnings growth from our retail business combined with volatile but higher potential growth from our market-sensitive businesses enables us
to produce consistent results through strong and weak economic cycles.
In fact, we now have posted stable or increased earnings per share in eight consecutive quarters. This is the kind of consistent, predictable financial performance that makes our company increasingly attractive to investors and also enhances our ability to plan and invest strategically for the future.
More satisfied customers and clients. As pleased as I am about our financial results, I am even more encour- aged by the progress in our customer and client satisfaction measures, which provide the foundation for future growth.
Last year in these pages, I wrote about our organic growth strategy, our intense focus on customer satisfaction and our Six Sigma initiatives for enterprise-wide process improve- ment. This year, I am pleased to report that our focus on quality and productivity is changing not only our culture inside the company, but also the way our customers view us from outside the company. For the year, the number of cus- tomers rating their satisfaction level a 9 or 10 on a 10-point scale — those we refer to as “delighted” — rose 10.4%, or 1.2 million customers across the franchise. Over the same period, more than one million fewer customers experienced problems with bank services, a decrease of 24%.
In CCB, we’ve streamlined processes for deposits, payments and problem resolution. In AMG, associates are using Six Sigma to boost sales and revenue opportunities. And in GCIB, associates designed and implemented an automated, standardized client calling and pitch reporting system to enhance client relationship management and
cross sales. We have hundreds more projects in the pipeline and plan to more than double the number of Six Sigma “Green Belt” and “Black Belt” projects in 2003.
The result of all this work is more satisfied customers and clients, all of whom are more likely to purchase more products and services from our company and to recommend us to friends and relatives. But the benefits go further. While we will continue to invest in advertising to develop and support our company’s brand — we executed several very successful campaigns this year — we believe the Bank of America brand is created in the millions of experi- ences that customers have with our company every day.
Every customer interaction — we have more than 150 per second — is an opportunity to attract, retain or deepen a customer relationship. And every interaction that results in a delighted customer builds the strength of our brand and our company for the future.
The promise of Higher Standards. Bank of America is founded on an important idea: that people are at their
best when they are striving to exceed accomplishments
of the past. In our company, we have long talked about our commitment to redefining world-class business performance and standards of operational consistency, accuracy and efficiency. We have long insisted on continuous improve- ment and the sustained intensity that drives it, promising never to settle for an industry benchmark or our own historical performance. We have said our goal is nothing short of becoming the world’s most admired company.
This drive to excel can be summed up in two words: Higher Standards. This is our goal in everything we do. Higher standards for our customers, who use our products and services to help manage their financial lives and achieve their dreams. Higher standards for our shareholders, who have entrusted us with their wealth and financial future. Higher standards for our associates, who have chosen to use their skills and talents here and who deserve every opportu- nity to reach their full potential. Higher standards for our communities, which are deeply invested in this enterprise and upon which the future prosperity of our company rests.
Throughout our company, our associates are raising the bar for performance. Consumer bankers are pursuing product innovation for customers that makes home buying easier, and that offers unmatched financial security. Small business
                    4 BANK OF AMERICA 2002

 $4.52
$4.18
2000 2001 2002 Earnings Per Common Share
(diluted)
15.96% 13.96%
2000 2001 2002
Return on Average Common Shareholders’ Equity
$2.44 $2.28
$2.06
$5.91
19.44%
2000 2001 2002 Dividends
($ per share)
 bankers are nurturing the grassroots of the American economy, and helping foster the entrepreneurial spirit in our multicultural communities. Middle-market, corporate and investment bankers are helping their clients raise the capital they need to grow their businesses and navigate today’s treacherous markets safely and successfully.
These associates are led by an executive management team that includes seasoned veterans and rising stars from both inside and outside the financial services industry, several of whom won industry recognition for their tremendous results in 2002. Working with managers and associates throughout the company, we all are building customer and client rela- tionships and delivering the financial products and services our customers need to help them achieve their dreams.
In regard to our focus on building relationships — the foundation of our corporate strategy — I will repeat what I wrote last year. We know that we are not the only large banking company pursuing a relationship-based strategy, and that the real game is execution.
What’s different today is the evidence from our customers and on our income statement that we are, indeed, executing this strategy more successfully — and on a much larger scale — than our competitors. While the economic outlook remains uncertain, we believe we will continue to build
on our momentum, and will be well-positioned to further separate our company from the pack when stronger economic growth returns.
In closing, I would like to thank our Board of Directors for their guidance and counsel during a turbulent year.
In particular, I greatly appreciate the service of Ray Holman, chairman of Mallinckrodt, Inc. and Peter Ueberroth, managing director of The Contrarian Group, Inc., both of whom are retiring from the board this year. On behalf of all our associ- ates, I also thank our customers, who provide the inspiration for all we do, and our shareholders, whose commitment to and investment in this company make higher standards an ideal worth expecting, worth demanding and worth fighting for.
As always, I welcome your thoughts and suggestions.
KENNETH D. LEWIS
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
February 10, 2003
 BANK OF AMERICA 2002 5
