Dear Fellow Shareholders: The theme of this year’s annual report–living proof–re?ects how Baxter is making an important difference in the lives of people with complex medical conditions such as hemophilia, kidney disease and cancer, while also contributing to better public health with new vaccines and technologies that improve the safety of the blood supply. The patients pro?led in this report are examples of the millions of people around the world who depend on Baxter products and services to lead productive and satisfying lives. Our entire Baxter team is very privileged to have a positive impact on the lives of so many people. It is the classic philosophy of our Chairman Emeritus William B. Graham, who stated the importance of “doing well by doing good.” I believe this summarizes the essence of what we do. Our 55,000 team members in more than 100 countries are dedicated to advancing the best in health care, working together to develop medical innovations that help health-care professionals enhance the effectiveness and delivery of therapies to patients worldwide.
The year 2002 was a very challenging year for Baxter. While our compounded annual return to shareholders increased 25 percent from 1993 to 2001, our stock price declined 47 percent in 2002. In comparison, the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 17 percent, the S&P 500 declined 23 percent and the S&P 500 Health Care Index declined 20 percent. A number of factors impacted Baxter’s performance in 2002. Like many companies across all industries, we were affected by volatility in the stock market. We also experienced a more competitive environment in the United States for our plasma-derived therapeutic products and a slower growth rate in our Renal business. As a result, during 2002 we lowered our sales-growth expectation from the low teens to the low double digits. I want to assure all shareholders that we take our responsibility of generating strong returns for our shareholders very seriously. Given our 2002 performance, our corporate of?cers did not receive salary increases for 2003, and the number of stock options granted to them declined by approximately 50 percent. We are taking several actions to improve our performance, such as increasing our marketing efforts to further showcase the differentiation of our products, increasing our focus on operational excellence and quality in everything we do, and continuing to enhance the level of talent in the organization. The year 2002 also brought with it a number of important successes for Baxter. Our financial accomplishments included sales growth from continuing operations of 10 percent;growth in earnings per diluted share from continuing operations (excluding charges) of 13 percent; and cash ?ows from operations of $1.25 billion (or operational cash ?ow after capital expenditures of $468 million). In addition to our ?nancial performance, we introduced several new products and services that enhanced the effectiveness and delivery of therapies to patients worldwide. These successes remind us of why we are proud to be Baxter shareholders. Equally important, the progress we made in 2002 positions us well for 2003 and beyond. For example: •We met our commitment to our partner, Acambis PLC, for the production of the smallpox vaccine for the U.S. government to protect citizens in the event of a bioterrorist threat. •We received approval in Europe for INTERCEPT Platelets — an innovative technology that makes it possible to inactivate known and potentially unknown viruses, bacteria and parasites that may be present in collected blood components — and began the regulatory submission process for INTERCEPT Platelets in the United States. This represents a revolutionary advance for further ensuring the safety of the blood supply. •We received approval in the United States for our ALYX automated blood-component collection system, which enables blood centers to collect two units of red blood cells from a donor versus one unit using current manual blood-collection methods. This technology will make it possible to increase the supply of critically needed therapeutic blood components despite a lower number of blood donors.
•We launched our NeisVac-C vaccine for the prevention of meningitis C in a number of European countries, as well as Argentina, Australia and Brazil, ensuring that children grow up safe from the effects of this potentially fatal disease. •We ?led for approval in the United States, Canada and Europe for ADVATE, our next-generation recombinant Factor VIII for the treatment of hemophilia, which we expect to introduce in 2003. It will be the most advanced clotting factor on the market, the ?rst and only product to be produced without the addition of human or animal protein in the cell-culture process, puri?cation or ?nal therapeutic. •We continued to expand our drug delivery platforms, adding new technologies for the formulation and packaging of controlled-release proteins and for drugs that are not soluble in their traditional formulation, as well as lyophilized compounds. In addition, we launched new technologies, including advanced bar-coding and a computerized, wireless patient information and medication management system, to further enhance the safety of the medication delivery process. We also launched our first new oncology product, an oral form of our leading chemotherapy drug Mesnex. •We received approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for Extraneal (icodextrin) peritoneal dialysis (PD) solution, which offers the potential for increased removal of ?uid from the bloodstream during dialysis. This product is already available in Europe, and we expect to launch Extraneal in Japan later in 2003. We also introduced a new pediatric version of our HomeChoice automated PD system for patients who require low ?uid volumes, and a new instrument called Accura that provides continuous renal replacement therapy (CRRT) for patients with acute renal failure. •We completed or announced a number of acquisitions that build on our existing core competencies and capabilities. These include ESI Lederle, a leading manufacturer and distributor of injectable drugs; Epic Therapeutics, a developer of controlledrelease protein therapeutics for injection or inhalation; and certain assets from Alpha Therapeutic Corporation, including the company’s plasma-derived Alpha-1 Antitrypsin product, Aralast, which received FDA approval in January 2003 for the treatment of hereditary emphysema. We are very focused on driving innovation through product development. The product pipeline that appears on Page 21 of this Annual Report summarizes the range of medical products we are pursuing and their relative stages of development. Since appointing a chief scienti?c of?cer two years ago, we have focused more strategically on research and development in terms of prioritization, resource allocation and return on investment. The result is a strong balance of both short- and long-term opportunities, including both enhancements of current products and new product opportunities. In 2002, we invested $501 million in research and development, an increase of 18 percentover the prior year, and we will continue to increase our spending in the years ahead. I expect that investment in research and development and our relentless pursuit of new and better technologies in various ?elds of medicine will result in accelerated sales growth and increased shareholder value. While ?nancial returns are important, how we conduct our business is also critical. As I mentioned earlier, we are fortunate to be in the health-care industry, where “doing good” can result in “doing well.” Like everything else in life, it is all about balance. At Baxter, we achieve balance by living our Shared Values of respect, responsiveness and results each and every day. We also achieve this balance by acting transparently, engaging in dialogue with all of our stakeholders, communicating openly with each other, and taking a proactive approach toward corporate governance. Baxter was one of the ?rst companies to adopt formal corporate governance guidelines almost 10 years ago to address the role of the company’s board of directors in areas such as ?duciary oversight, board-member quali?cations, director independence, succession planning, and creating an open environment that encourages the active engagement of board members. Since then, we have continually re?ned, improved and strengthened these policies, developed an equally strong business practices infrastructure, and most notably, built a very strong “values-based” culture throughout Baxter worldwide. This values-based culture encourages constant learning, challenging and communication. It is a culture that promotes integrity in a world in which business ethics are not always taken seriously. It is also a culture in which “doing the right thing” is a way of life and the standard to which we aspire. I am proud of the example that Baxter sets. Our team members around the world demonstrate our culture externally through volunteerism, community relations, environmental performance and other activities related to corporate sustainability and social responsibility. With our strong cultural foundation; our broad capabilities in medical devices and supplies, pharmaceuticals and biotechnology; our leadership positions in several key areas of health care; our global presence; and our balanced focus on both the short term and long term, I believe Baxter is well-positioned to achieve the following three ?nancial goals in 2003: • Sales growth in the 10-12 percent range; • Earnings per diluted share of $2.22–$2.29; that is, growth of 11–15 percent; • $1.3–$1.5 billion in cash ?ows from operations I would like to close this letter by personally thanking each and every shareholder for your support. I want you to know that our vision — to be the global leader in providing critical therapies for people with life-threatening conditions—inspires everyone on the Baxter team to do their best because of the impact we have on patients’ lives. You have a dedicated, talented and ethical team working on your behalf to ensure that Baxter continues to be a global health-care leader. With an aging and growing worldwide population creating a greater-than-ever need for quality health care, and our unique capabilities and approach to doing business, Baxter is well-positioned for future success. We will continue to focus on bringing together the best of science and technology to introduce new medical devices and supplies, pharmaceuticals and biotechnology products to improve the lives of patients. The pages that follow are living proof of how we are making it happen today, and how we will continue to make it happen in the years ahead. Best regards,
Harry M. Jansen Kraemer, Jr. Chairman and Chief Executive Of?cer
