The Value Within
Baxter's strong technology platforms, extensive global presence, unparalleled manufacturing expertise, and dedicated employees enable us to deliver significant value to patients, healthcare providers, governments, partners and to our communities worldwide. Through continuing innovation, investment and collaboration, we are advancing new therapies, improving the safety and cost-effectiveness of treatments, and operating in a more sustainable manner. In doing so, we will drive greater value for our stakeholders.
Dear Baxter Shareholder: It is with a sense of confidence, and optimism toward our future, that I write my first letter to you as Baxter's chairman and CEO. 2004 was a year that saw much change for our company, and also meaningful progress on numerous fronts that has laid the groundwork for success and growth in the years ahead. I am honored to have the opportunity to lead the company in our quest to further improve patient care, while at the same time delivering improved returns to our shareholders. One of our primary goals in 2004 was to rebuild investor credibility. This is not only a matter of improved financial performance, but more predictable and sustainable financial performance as well. Over the past year we have made substantial progress in strengthening the balance sheet, generating strong cash flows, and improving the quality of operating earnings while remediating past financial issues. Every succeeding quarter in 2004 reflected improvement in each of these areas. A major element of our improving financial condition is the successful implementation of the restructuring program directed at reducing overhead cost throughout the company. While difficult, this has been a necessary action that has not only reduced structural cost, but has resulted in reengineering administrative and business processes that will benefit the company going forward. All key project milestones associated with the restructuring were achieved on schedule in 2004, and we look forward to the completion of this effort by the end of this year. The most important aspect of our improving financial condition is the ability to begin accelerating investment in research and new product development. Product innovation has been a hallmark of Baxter over many years. The most critical priority in 2005, and beyond, is to reinvigorate this tradition of innovation in our company. New processes were put into place in 2004 that more effectively prioritized our research and development initiatives, and also improved the discipline in managing R&D projects.

3

As indicated on the following pages of this report, Baxter possesses world-class technology platforms in numerous areas including biologics and recombinant technologies; drug packaging, formulation and delivery systems; and medical plastics. We have effectively leveraged these capabilities in the past, and we are continuing to apply these technologies in new and expanded ways. We are advancing more effective, convenient and safer therapies for chronic diseases. We are increasing access to vital medical treatments throughout the world. We are integrating these technologies to help reduce the risk of error in the administration of medications. And, most importantly, we are using these platforms to improve the quality of life for patients around the world. We will selectively expand into new areas that build upon these core technologies in the future. Significant progress was also made in 2004 in building the senior management team that will lead Baxter in the years ahead. The following Corporate Vice Presidents were appointed in 2004: John Greisch, Chief Financial Officer; Joy Amundson, President, BioScience; Bruce McGillivray, President, Renal; James Utts, President, Europe; and Robert Davis, Treasurer. These key appointments represent a blend of internal promotions and infusion of leadership from outside the company. In addition, I would like to recognize the impending retirement of David Drohan, President, Medication Delivery, who has graciously agreed to stay on until his successor has been identified. Dave has loyally served Baxter for over 39 years and has been instrumental in helping to build Baxter into the company it is today. We thank Dave for his dedicated service over these many years.

In the midst of the aforementioned change, Baxter employees have remained committed to meeting customer and patient needs and have demonstrated a great ability to adapt and embrace the changes that have occurred over the past year. One of the things I enjoyed most in 2004 was the opportunity to visit numerous Baxter facilities and operations around the world. I have seen and heard firsthand the commitment of Baxter employees to making a meaningful difference in the lives of patients ­ a dedication that runs throughout the organization. And I have witnessed personally the impact that our work is having on patients and our communities around the world. I continue to be inspired by the connection Baxter employees have to the greater purpose of our business: providing medically necessary products and services for people with complex and life-threatening diseases. This is a truly noble mission to which 48,000 Baxter employees around the world are committed.

Robert L. Parkinson, Jr.

