Baxter Annual Report 2006

Dear Shareholders: In 2006, Baxter celebrated its 75th anniversary.This report, "75 Years of Innovation," recalls the many ways Baxter has revolutionized healthcare, and describes what we are doing today to continue this legacy. Innovation is at the core of what we do. It remains the driving force behind our future success.
ENTERING A NEW PHASE
When you opened this report, you may have noticed a timeline of our "history of firsts." Baxter has been responsible for some extraordinary medical breakthroughs, from the first commercially prepared intravenous (IV) solutions, to the first dialysis treatments for people with kidney disease, to the first concentrated clotting factor for hemophilia. That's the legacy of our company. We are committed to renewing that culture of innovation and re-establishing Baxter as a company known for its pioneering innovations in healthcare. We are making great progress. Two years ago, we instituted a series of objectives to lay the groundwork for our future success. These included rebuilding our financial strength, re-establishing credibility with investors, creating a new leadership team and organizational structure, re-engineering key business processes, and defining a vision for Baxter's future. We have met each of these objectives. We also have done an effective job of optimizing our current products and businesses, expanding geographically and improving the productivity of our research-and-development (R&D) efforts to drive solid growth. Now, with a stronger financial base, we are able to enter a second phase in our development, one characterized by increased R&D investment and more aggressive pursuit of business development opportunities to accelerate growth in the years ahead. We will employ the same discipline and rigor that we have applied over the last two years, steadfastly committing ourselves to enhancing shareholder value through a disciplined capital allocation framework. flu and other diseases. Our expertise in medical devices, pharmaceuticals and biotechnology makes us unique in the healthcare industry. We will continue to apply our capabilities in these areas to bring new innovative therapies to patients worldwide.

2006: A SUCCESSFUL YEAR
Baxter had a successful year on many fronts in 2006. We met or exceeded all of our key financial objectives. We introduced a number of significant new products. We completed the rebuilding of our senior management team. And we made meaningful progress on numerous key R&D initiatives. In 2006, we: Advanced programs to develop longer-acting forms of ADVATE, our latest recombinant factor VIII concentrate for hemophilia. Initiated a program to develop a recombinant therapy for von Willebrand disease. Achieved promising preliminary results of a Phase I/II clinical trial of our H5N1 pandemic influenza vaccine that suggest the vaccine is well tolerated in humans. Initiated a Phase II clinical trial investigating the use of adult stem cells to treat chronic myocardial ischemia, a severe form of coronary artery disease. We also formed a new business unit, Regenerative Medicine, by combining our resources in cellular therapy and biosurgery. Received regulatory approval for a new state-of-the-art plasma fractionation facility in Los Angeles. We also are supporting studies to identify other potential indications for our plasma-based products, including use of intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) as a possible treatment for Alzheimer's disease. Announced plans to sell our Transfusion Therapies business to Texas Pacific Group. The sale was completed in early 2007. Announced plans to form a joint venture with Guangzhou Baiyunshan Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd. to produce and sell parenteral nutrition products in China.

REINVIGORATING SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY
Reinvigorating science and technology is our most important strategic priority. We increased our R&D spending 15 percent in 2006, to over $600 million, the highest level in our 75-year history. We will continue to grow R&D spending faster than sales. We also will begin to invest more of our R&D dollars in exploratory R&D and earlystage initiatives that may yield future medical breakthroughs. Baxter's ability to build on its history of innovation requires not only economic investment, but continued leveraging of our core technical competencies across our businesses. Today's research initiatives include adult stem-cell therapies, tissue-regeneration technologies, new recombinant products, and vaccines for avian

2

Expanded our portfolio of inhaled anesthetics in key markets around the world, becoming the first company to offer all three modern inhaled anesthetics for general anesthesia. Realized net patient gains of more than 8,400 peritoneal dialysis (PD) patients worldwide, an increase of 7 percent, supporting our strategy of geographic expansion as the primary growth driver of our Renal business.

A RESPONSIBLE CORPORATE CITIZEN
Being a great company also means being a responsible corporate citizen. At Baxter, we view sustainability as a long-term approach to balancing our business priorities with social, economic and environmental responsibilities. In 2006, Baxter was named the Medical Products Industry Leader of the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI), the world's first benchmark tracking the sustainability performance of top companies. The recognition marked the eighth straight year Baxter has been listed in the DJSI since its launch in 1999. Baxter also received the 2006 Climate Protection award from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. In early 2007, Baxter was named for the third straight year to Innovest Strategic Value Advisors' "Global 100 Most Sustainable Corporations in the World" list. We are the only U.S.-based healthcare company, and one of just three healthcare companies globally, to be named to this list each year since its inception. We also were named one of the "100 Best Corporate Citizens" by Corporate Responsibility Officer magazine.

to work in an industry where the work we do benefits so many in such a profound way. Each day, millions of people around the world rely on Baxter's life-saving products. Our heritage has been built on 75 years of innovation in healthcare, and innovation remains key to Baxter's future success. I encourage you to read this annual report devoted to our great history, and a legacy we are in the process of recapturing.

A HIGHER PURPOSE
Baxter employees around the world are connected by their enduring commitment to save and sustain lives. It is this higher purpose that binds us as a company and as global citizens. We are privileged

ROBERT L. PARKINSON, JR. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
March 1, 2007

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

3

