    2004 Annual Report • Notice of Annual Meeting • Proxy Statement
                                                                             To Our Fellow Shareholders:
Through hard work, good fortune and a relentless focus on our customer, we have enjoyed great success over the past thirty-four years. For that we are thankful. We have also learned that keeping our focus on the customer isn’t only about merchandise and service. Sometimes, taken just one step further, we can do things with and for our customers that serve not only them, but others in our community as well. For example:
• Responding to a specific customer request this past year, we offered our customers an opportunity to truly “Support Our Troops” through the purchase of magnetic ribbons, and through this effort we have raised over $400,000 for the United Service Organizations (www.uso.org).
• We have partnered with the National Women’s Health Resource Center, a non-profit, independent organization dedicated to educating women about their health (www.healthywomen.org), and we have become a member of its Corporate Advisory Board. Together, we are planning informational programs for our stores and website, and we are sponsoring various educational events at certain women’s tennis tournaments on the Sony Ericsson WTA Tour, all so as to heighten the awareness of women’s health and wellness among our customers and the public. Hopefully we can play a role in encouraging women of all ages to embrace a healthy, active lifestyle.
In these undertakings, as in all things, we are enormously grateful to our associates, who throw themselves into whatever is placed before them with confidence, enthusiasm and ability. If we have made one customer happy, if we have touched the life of one soldier or encouraged one woman to a more serious consideration of her and her family’s health, it should be credited to our people. We’ve always said it, and it remains true.
      Continued on page 1

To Our Fellow Shareholders: Continuedfromfrontcover
Everything we do, we are able to do because of the people we have the privilege to work with daily. Our people have again performed in a way that has enabled us to be proud of our accomplishments. On the following pages, we discuss some of the highlights from our recently completed fiscal 2004. We also will provide you with the information you need in connec- tion with our upcoming Annual Meeting. Our goal again is to present you this annual information in as straightforward and cost efficient a manner as possible. So once more we have combined our Annual Report, Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement into this single booklet.
Fiscal 2004 was our 34th year of operations, and our 13th as a public company. As set forth below, the results of our fiscal 2004 were our best ever. As we did last year, we ask you again to take a look at the chart of selected financial data which appears on the inside front cover of this booklet, opposite this letter, which details our growth over our 13 years as a public company. At the end of our first fiscal year as a public company, in February 1993, we had 38 stores. Net earnings were $15,960,000 on net sales of $216,411,000.
For comparison, here are some of the highlights from fiscal 2004:
• Net earnings for the year ended February 26, 2005 totaled $505 million ($1.65 per share), exceeding fiscal 2003 net earn- ings of $399.5 million ($1.31 per share) by approximately 26.4%.
• Net sales for fiscal 2004 were $5.148 billion, an increase of approximately 15.0% from the prior year’s sales of $4.478 billion.
• Comparable store sales for fiscal 2004 increased by approximately 4.5%.
• During fiscal 2004, we opened 85 new Bed Bath & Beyond stores. We also opened two Christmas Tree Shops and five Harmon stores. We ended the year with 660 Bed Bath & Beyond stores, 26 Christmas Tree Shops, and 35 Harmon stores.
• We returned $350 million in value to our shareholders through our share repurchase program completed during our fiscal fourth quarter.
• Cash and investments grew to approximately $1.2 billion. This is after funding our share repurchase program, our expan- sion program and our ongoing infrastructure enhancements.
We cannot give enough credit to our people and the culture they have created for the successes of the prior year. However, consistent with our culture, our focus is not on what has been, but rather on what remains to be done and on what is possible. Even though we’re pleased with our results, spending too much time looking back does us little good. We are already looking forward. What we know, and what the numbers to the left should say to you quite clearly, is this Company has never been in a better position than it is right now.
While maintaining our solid balance sheet, positive cash flow and the generation of strong earnings will continue to be our primary goals, the position we’re in as a Company is expressed in more than mere numbers. We cannot quantify what it may mean to our servicemen and women and their families that, through the support of our customers, we have been able to assist the USO. We may never know whether the health information we provide access to through our affiliation with the National Women’s Health Resource Center will encourage our customers and their families to adopt a more health-conscious lifestyle. But it is through these actions that we reaffirm the values that have made our Company so special. It is a pleasure and a privilege to be in the position we are in and to try and make a positive difference.
Simply put, we would like to thank each of our associates for the outstanding efforts that have yielded the results we’ve been able to discuss with you through this report. In addition, we thank each of our customers and business partners for their continuing support and their contributions in moving us forward.
June 1, 2005
WARREN EISENBERG
Co-Chairman
LEONARD FEINSTEIN
Co-Chairman
BED BATH & BEYOND ANNUAL REPORT 2004 1
STEVEN H. TEMARES
President & Chief Executive Officer and Member of the Board of Directors
