To Our Fellow Shareholders:
This is a new look for us, but we’re sure it comes as no surprise. We try to keep things simple that ought to be kept simple. To present you with the portrait of fiscal 2001, our 30th Anniversary and best year ever, we have combined the Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement with our Annual Report. The Annual Report and Proxy materials are about conveying information, and we are doing that as simply and directly as we can. The color and the excitement are where they have always been: in the stores.
For 30 years, this Company’s primary focus has been on our merchandise and the operation of our stores, because these are the things our customers see. For the 10 years since our initial public offering, the ability of our people to execute on this focus has resulted in our meeting or exceeding expectations in each of our 39 quarters as a public company. Our formula constantly evolves, it works, and we are enormously grateful for the efforts of all our associates who make it work.
In a way, what you see in these materials serves that same focus. We have simplified these documents because we believe your money is better spent elsewhere. This is another effort to return more value to our shareholders. By pulling back a little on the glitz, we have a little more to spend where it matters most – in the stores, online, and in support of all we do as merchants.
In keeping with the spirit of simplification, we do want to share some of the highlights from fiscal 2001 that you will see in the following pages. Net earnings for the year (fifty-two weeks) ended March 2, 2002 totaled $219.6 million ($.74 per share), exceeding fiscal 2000 (fifty-three weeks) net earnings of $171.9 million ($.59 per share) by approximately 27.7%.
Net sales for fiscal 2001 were $2.9 billion, an increase of approximately 22.2% from the prior year. Comparable store sales for fiscal 2001 increased by approximately 7.1%. During fiscal 2001, we opened 85 new Bed Bath & Beyond stores. We ended the year with 395 stores in 44 states and one store in Puerto Rico.
Our balance sheet continues to strengthen. At the close of fiscal 2001, cash and cash equivalents were $429.5 million, and the Company had an additional $51.9 million in investment securities, compared to $239.3 million in cash and cash
equivalents a year earlier. Shareholders’ equity at year end was $1.1 billion, up from $817.0 million the prior year.
This doesn’t just happen. Over 19,000 talented people work very hard, creatively and constructively finding ways to please our customers. Ultimately, the credit is theirs. For the 30 years we have been in business and the 10 years we’ve been sending out these annual reports, we’ve been talking about our culture.
It isn’t just a word. Our people are trained to know what is important to the customer and empowered in our decentralized environment to act on that knowledge. Our customer has other choices; we must exceed expectations. Everything else flows from this, particularly the financial results that follow in this booklet.
While we celebrate our 30th Anniversary and our finest year ever, we are of course mindful of the criminal acts committed against our nation this past year. The events of September 11th and the ongoing war on terrorism temper our celebration and place our accomplishments in proper perspective. Still, we are again pleased with the results we have to report to you. In keeping with our culture, however, pleased does not mean satisfied. We plan to open approximately 88 new Bed Bath & Beyond stores in fiscal 2002, in new and existing markets. We continue to evaluate new merchandise items, new departments, system and process enhancements, new looks in fixturing and store design, and every point of contact we have to improve the results of our operations. On March 5, 2002, we consummated the acquisition of Harmon Stores, Inc., a health and beauty care retailer currently operating 28 stores in New Jersey (22), New York (5) and Connecticut (1). This represents something new for us as well, and while we do not believe the benefits to be derived this year will have any material effect on our overall results or financial condition for 2002, we are excited by the opportunities.
We know it all begins and ends with our customers. As we begin the next 30 years of our existence, we rededicate ourselves to the culture of exceeding their expectations. By remaining committed to the principles upon which we were founded,
we intend to make 2002 another record year.
Again, thank you to each of our associates, customers and business partners who continue to lead us toward the ever more successful company we are striving to become.
STEVEN H. TEMARES
President & Chief Operating Officer and Member of the Board of Directors
   May 3, 2002
WARREN EISENBERG
Co-Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer
LEONARD FEINSTEIN
Co-Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer
BED BATH & BEYOND ANNUAL REPORT 2001 2
