To Our Fellow Shareholders:
 This past year, we completed our 31st year of operations, the last 11 as a public company. While our Company has evolved greatly over this time, the themes of this letter have not since the core values that have brought us success through the years have not changed. We remain committed to the principles on which we were founded, and central to these
is a persistent desire to improve.
In keeping with this principle, to present you with the portrait of fiscal 2002, we have again combined the Bed Bath
& Beyond Inc. Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement with our Annual Report, and we continue to try to find ways to make our annual presentation to you clearer, more effective, and more cost efficient. We stated our reasons for doing so last year, but the point is worth repeating here: we have simplified these documents because we believe your money is better spent where it matters most – in the stores, online, and in support of all we do as merchants.
In that same spirit of clarity and simplification, we want
to share some of the highlights from fiscal 2002 that you will see in the following pages:
• Net earnings for fiscal 2002 totaled $302.2 million ($1.00 per
share), exceeding fiscal 2001 net earnings of $219.6 million
($.74 per share) by approximately 37.6%.
• Net sales for fiscal 2002 were approximately $3.7 billion,
an increase of approximately 25.2% over the $2.9 billion
in fiscal 2001.
• Comparable store sales for fiscal 2002 increased by approxi-
mately 7.9%, compared with an increase of approximately
7.1% in fiscal 2001.
• During fiscal 2002, we opened 95 new Bed Bath & Beyond
stores, several of which were expected to open in fiscal 2003, and 2 Harmon stores. We ended the year with 490 Bed Bath & Beyond stores in 44 states and Puerto Rico, and 29 Harmon stores in 3 states.
• At the close of fiscal 2002, cash and investments were $764.6 million, compared to $481.4 million at the end of fiscal 2001.
• Shareholders’ equity at year-end was approximately $1.5 billion, up from $1.1 billion the prior year.
For as long as we have been sending out annual shareholder letters, we have been speaking about our corporate culture as a key to our continued growth and success. Each day, over 23,000 dedicated people take the core principle of customer service
and seize the opportunity and empowerment of our decentralized structure to make us a better Company. Our corporate culture creates an environment which enables our people to embrace,
act upon, and pass along to new associates the ways of thinking and of doing things that we have long believed separate us from others. The financial results that follow in this booklet are a continuing testimony to the talent and effort of our people.
While we are justifiably proud of the accomplishments reflected in these pages, we are again mindful of keeping our work and accomplishments in proper perspective. As of this writing, our nation continues to face the risks and challenges presented by our time and our place in history. Many of us at Bed Bath & Beyond have friends, colleagues or family members in active military service, meeting the call of our great nation
at this important moment. Our eternal gratitude, thoughts and prayers are with them, and with all the men and women of our armed forces.
In this light, we still are very pleased with the results we report to you here. However, we believe that there is nothing
we do that we cannot do better. We currently plan to open between 80 and 90 new Bed Bath & Beyond stores in fiscal 2003, in new and existing markets; as previously noted, several of the new store openings originally planned for fiscal 2003 were in fact opened in fiscal 2002. We continue to evaluate ways to improve our business, including new merchandise items, new departments, system and process enhancements, and new looks in fixturing and store design. We also continue to explore new ways to expand our business and add shareholder value. By remaining focused on the principles underlying our culture
of customer service, entrepreneurial opportunity, innovation and execution, we intend to make 2003 another record year.
Again, we thank our associates for their outstanding effort and performance. In addition, we thank our customers and business partners for their continuing support and their contributions in moving us forward.
   May 2, 2003
WARREN EISENBERG
Co-Chairman
LEONARD FEINSTEIN
Co-Chairman
BED BATH & BEYOND ANNUAL REPORT 2002 1
STEVEN H. TEMARES
President & Chief Executive Officer and Member of the Board of Directors
