 06 2007 ANNUAL REVIEW BEST BANK IN TOWN SINCE 1872
To Our Shareholders:
The banking industry is in the midst of one of its most
challenging periods in many years, but I am pleased to report
that BB&T remains very sound, with superior relative performance and a strong balance sheet well-positioned for the future. We had a very good year in light of the difficult credit environment and significant disruptions in the financial markets. These successes are rooted in BB&T’s culture and sound heritage, which dates back to our founding in 1872.
We have avoided the major problems being experienced by many of our competitors, in large part because the industry’s ill-advised rush into subprime mortgages and more risky investments is inconsistent with our philosophy and values. Even so, the economic downturn has negatively affected our earnings and resulted in higher credit losses.
The good news is we have continued to focus on long-term relationships with clients and markets we know, limiting our exposure to the market risks that have troubled many other banks. Our experienced management team also has successfully navigated past credit cycles, and we are confident that we will weather this one as well.
More importantly, we are confident that we will emerge from this period in a stronger position than many of our peers, prepared to take advantage of new opportunities.

                                 Kelly S. King
Chief Operating Officer
John A. Allison
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
S
S
t
t
t
r
r
r
07
 A
A
A
S
o
o
o
n
n
n
g
g
g
F
F
F
o
o
ou
u
u
n
n
nd
Alpheus Branch (left painting) and Thomas Jefferson Hadley (right painting) founded the predecessor of BB&T in 1872 to serve the needs of farmers and small businesses in eastern North Carolina.
d
da
a
a
t
t
ti
i
i
o
o
o
n
n
n
          
 08 2007 ANNUAL REVIEW BEST BANK IN TOWN SINCE 1872
Despite the very challenging economic environment, 2007 represented BB&T’s 26th consecutive year of record operating earnings. Net income for the year totaled $1.73 billion, or $3.14 per diluted share, reflecting increases of 13.5% and 11.7%, respectively, compared to 2006. Excluding the effects of net after-tax merger-related and restructuring charges or credits and nonrecurring items from both 2007 and 2006, BB&T’s operating earnings for 2007 totaled $1.75 billion, an increase of 2.5% compared to the prior year. On a diluted
per share basis, operating earnings for 2007 were $3.17, an increase of 1.0% compared with 2006. While this rate of growth is certainly slower than our goals and long-term performance, it is notable that using generally accepted accounting principles, our earnings per share increased 11.7% for 2007 compared
to a decrease of 34.5% for our peer group. Based on these results, we clearly outperformed the industry during 2007.
Our core banking operations generated some very positive results, including 10.9% growth in average loans and leases. Revenues from BB&T’s fee income-producing businesses increased during 2007 by 6.9% to $2.8 billion, which represents 41.3% of total revenues. We are also very pleased with our noninterest expense control during the year. Noninterest expenses declined 0.7% compared to 2006, excluding acquisitions, reflecting intensely focused management of expenses.
BB&T’s deposit-gathering efforts continued to be successful, with average client deposits increasing 9.2% during the year. Two years ago, we re-emphasized deposits in our branch network, setting aggressive new targets for opening new accounts and growing market share. In 2006, we maintained our leading market share in West Virginia and grew market share in every other state in our footprint. As shown in the accompanying chart, we had excellent results again in 2007, gaining or maintaining market share in every state where we operate. None of our peers were able to match this performance.
2007 Commercial Bank Deposit Market Share*
Virginia / Washington, D.C. North Carolina1
West Virginia
South Carolina
Maryland Kentucky Georgia Tennessee Florida
13.5 % 13.1% 2nd 1.9 % 17.6 17.5 2nd 7.3 18.1 17.7 1st 6.7 11.9 10.8 3rd 21.9
7.8 7.7 6th 5.5 6.3 6.3 4th 5.1 4.7 4.6 5th 8.8 2.2 1.7 5th 41.3 1.3 1.3 10th 4.7
1 *
Excludes home office deposits Source: FDIC based on June 30, 2007, deposit data
Market Share 2007 2006
Rank % Increase in Deposits

 BB&T University
The mission of the BB&T University is to create competitive advantage by providing employees comprehensive educational opportunities. These members of BB&T’s 2008 Leadership Development Program symbolize the highest quality of young leaders preparing to meet the ever-changing needs of our clients in a highly-competitive environment.
Our nonperforming assets and credit losses increased as a result of the difficult economic conditions, but remain strong compared to industry trends. Nonperforming loans, as a percentage of
total assets, were .52% at December 31, 2007, compared to .29% a year earlier. Net charge-offs increased to .38% of average loans and leases, up from .27% a year earlier. Excluding specialized lending, the loss ratio for the year was .21% compared to .14% last year. Those numbers are very good considering the distressed credit markets. However, we expect problem assets
to continue to rise until the residential real estate markets begin to improve.
At a time when some financial institutions’ capital strength has eroded, BB&T’s capital position remains strong. As of December 31, 2007, BB&T’s tangible capital ratio was 5.6% and the Tier 1 leverage ratio was 7.2%, above our internal targets. Our Tier 1 risk-based capital and total risk-based capital ratios were 9.1% and 14.2%, respectively. These risk-based capital ratios are consistently higher than those of our peers.
In summary, as the risk versus returns charts on page 26 show, BB&T has consistently produced higher returns while taking less risk than our peers, in keeping with our philosophy of managing our business rationally and with a long-term perspective.
09

 10 2007 ANNUAL REVIEW BEST BANK IN TOWN SINCE 1872
Our ultimate purpose is to create superior long-term economic returns for our shareholders.
In 2007, the markets received a barrage of negative news
from the financial sector. Although most of the news was not applicable to BB&T, our stock performance was adversely affected by the difficulties faced by the industry. As you can see from the chart below for the periods ended January 31, 2008, which reflects the market’s integration of 2007 year-end results, we have outperformed our peer group over the last 1, 3, 5, 10 and 15 years. It is more objective to compare our performance with our peers than to a broader index because we are unavoidably affected by conditions in the financial services industry.
While some competitors have been forced to cut dividends
during this period of market disruption and credit deterioration, we continue to anticipate an increase in the 2008 cash dividend. In 2007, we increased the cash dividend by 10% compared to the prior year, marking the 36th consecutive year that BB&T has increased our dividend. The company has paid a dividend every year since 1903. For the 10 years ended December 31, 2007, our dividends have increased at a compound annual growth rate of 11.7%, compared to 6.0% for the S&P 500. At December 31, 2007, BB&T’s dividend yield was 6.0% compared to 2.1% for the S&P 500. We have again been recognized as a Mergent Dividend Achiever — a designation received by only 2% of 14,000
publicly traded companies — and as a Standard and Poor’s Dividend Aristocrat, based on our excellent track record of
paying dividends.
Market Share 2007 2006
Total Compound Annual Return to Shareholders January 31, 2008
Rank % Increase
Dividend Payout Ratio
60 50 40 30 20 10
1 Year 3 Year 5 Year 10 Year 15 Year
BB&T -10.1 % 1.2 % 5.5 % 5.4 % 12.2 %
S&P 500 -2.3 % 7.3 % 12.0 % 5.1 % 10.0 %
National Peers* -22.4 %
-4.1 % 4.3 % 3.8 %
55.5%
In percentage
10.7 % *National Peers consist of CMA, FITB, KEY, M&T, M&I, NCC, PNC, BPOP, RF, STI, UB, and USB.
0
’97 ’98 ’99 ’00 ’01 ’02 ’03 ’04 ’05 ’06 ’07

 BB&T Field
Home of Wake Forest University’s Demon Deacons, BB&T Field is undergoing an ambitious six-phase renovation. BB&T proudly lends its name and corporate support to a landmark that dates back more than 40 years and brings together generations of students, families and sports fans of all ages.
Making Our Communities Stronger
BB&T’s support of minor league baseball and high school football reflects our broader commitment to the communities where we live, work and of course,
play. The bank’s logo is familiar to visitors at the ballparks of Little League and Triple-A teams throughout the communities we serve. At BB&T, we believe that a company can only succeed when its communities are healthy. This is one of many ways we fulfill our corporate mission.
11

 12 2007 ANNUAL REVIEW BEST BANK IN TOWN SINCE 1872
We avoided the market’s major disruptions and produced strong performance relative to our peers.
BB&T largely avoided the types of risks that have so negatively affected many large financial institutions in 2007. Our loan portfolio is primarily a prime portfolio. Our subprime mortgage loans amount to less than 1% (0.6%) of our portfolio — comprised mainly of loans from our Lendmark consumer finance subsidiary, which has considerable experience in making traditional loans to higher-risk borrowers.
We do not make negative amortization loans, option adjustable rate mortgages or many of the other exotic mortgage products that have resulted in losses at many financial institutions and foreclosures on many homes. We steered clear of such loans because they rarely are in the best interest of the borrower — and thus inconsistent with a core component of our mission: helping our clients achieve economic success and financial security.
BB&T’s loan portfolio is diversified and generally composed of a large number of smaller-balance loans. Our biggest concentration in residential mortgage loans is in North Carolina and Virginia, two core markets with healthy population growth and without the highly inflated real estate price appreciation seen in some markets.
Operating Earnings
$ 2,000 1,500 1,000 500 0
Residential construction and development lending has been a core business for BB&T for many years. We make loans in our markets where we know the builders and
we closely service the relationship. We began tightening our lending standards in the summer of 2005, when we determined that the risk in residential lending was rising. We have been well served by our policy of partnering with our clients to help them through this tough cycle, and moving aggressively to deal with problems as soon as they develop. Unfortunately, however, we expect difficulties in the single-family construction and development market to continue throughout 2008.
BB&T’s mortgage business has actually benefited from the subprime turmoil because some of the more irrational competitors have gone out of business. A “flight to quality” is bringing new clients to BB&T. In a rapidly shrinking market, our mortgage production increased to $11.9 billion in 2007, compared to $9.9 billion a year earlier. We expect more healthy growth in mortgage revenues in 2008.
Many large financial institutions also absorbed huge losses from risky investments in the last six months. BB&T’s total trading losses during this period of market turbulence were $33 million — a small number relative to our size, again reflecting our conservative culture and careful risk management.
$1,749
’92 ’93 ’94 ’95 ’96 ’97 ’98 ’99 ’00 ’01 ’02 ’03 ’04 ’05 ’06 ’07
In millions of dollars
As originally reported, 15-year compound annual growth rate of 23.2%

 We increased the value of our franchise during 2007.
BB&T continued to expand during 2007 with strong organic growth and selective acquisitions.
As mentioned earlier, we gained or maintained deposit market share in every state in our footprint again in
2007 — important progress toward our goal to be in the Top 5 in market share in all of the states in our footprint. Moreover, if you look at our share of markets, as shown in the accompanying chart, BB&T ranks No. 1 in weighted average market share, showing the strength of our Southeastern and Mid-Atlantic markets.
We have also reached out to new clients during the year. The number of online banking clients increased by 21% to nearly 2.5 million. Households with five or more products or services increased to 31%. Our banking network generated 90,000 net new transaction accounts during the year, and we opened 35 new banking offices during the year.
In addition to these investments, BB&T completed a number of high-quality acquisitions that will be beneficial in the future. In May, we acquired Coastal Financial of Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, which gives us the No. 1 deposit market share along the thriving coasts of North and South Carolina. With $1.7 billion in assets, Coastal operated 17 banking offices in the greater Myrtle Beach area and seven in greater Wilmington, North Carolina, where BB&T already has the top market share.
BB&T also acquired commercial mortgage banking firm, Collateral Real Estate Capital. We have combined Collateral with Laureate Capital, our existing commercial mortgage banking firm, to create Grandbridge Real Estate Capital, which has a commercial mortgage servicing portfolio of more than $20 billion.
In addition, BB&T acquired insurance premium finance company AFCO Credit and its Canadian affiliate, CAFO. The purchase moves BB&T from the ninth to the second-largest provider of insurance premium financing in the United States, and the largest in Canada.
BB&T Insurance Services also made key acquisitions to bolster our position as the nation’s seventh-largest insurance broker. Those purchases included Reese Insurance Associates of metropolitan Atlanta, Carswell Insurance Services of Hilton Head Island, South Carolina; Sidney O. Smith, with offices in Gainesville and Alpharetta, Georgia; and Ott & Company, an employee benefits brokerage in Alpharetta, Georgia. In addition, BB&T Insurance Services acquired Heritage Title Services, of Louisville, Kentucky, and Ramsay Title Group, of Norcross, Georgia.
We also announced plans to acquire Savannah Reinsurance Underwriting Management, a reinsurance broker based in Stamford, Connecticut.
Weighted Average Market Share BB&T
Wells Fargo Regions Financial Wachovia
Fifth Third
US Bancorp
Bank of America JP Morgan Chase SunTrust National City Citigroup
21.8%
Source: SNL Financial
Reflects weighted average share of deposits by county for each institution.
0 5 10 15 20 25
13

 14 2007 ANNUAL REVIEW BEST BANK IN TOWN SINCE 1872
We controlled costs and improved efficiency.
As noted earlier, our continuing focus on cost control
has helped us exceed our goals for reducing noninterest expenses. During 2007, we reduced the number of employees, while avoiding major layoffs that many of our competitors have announced. At the same time, we added 33 net new branch offices. In addition, we are achieving our targets on expense savings from recent acquisitions. The continued ability to control costs will be key to our performance in an environment with increased credit issues and resulting higher loan loss reserves.
We will continue to pursue even greater efficiency in
our operations. A component of this effort is the use of international outsourcing where it makes sense; however, we are just as focused on “right sourcing” — moving some functions to locations in our more cost-effective
U.S. markets.
We expanded and diversified our sources of income.
Improvement in our fee income ratio has exceeded our goal of 40%, which reduces pressure on our net interest margin. We have established a new goal of 45%.
Insurance commissions, which are our single biggest
driver of noninterest income, increased by 4.9% despite a challenging environment in the insurance industry where prices are lower than last year for the same coverage. BB&T is the seventh largest insurance broker and the largest commercial property and casualty wholesale broker in the U.S. Over the last five years, the compound annual growth rate in insurance revenues has been 24.5%. We also have the fastest internal growth rate among the 10 largest U.S. brokers, as well as the industry’s most productive sales force, according to Business Insurance magazine. Our insurance operations, which are featured on the next page, provide a fundamental competitive advantage for BB&T.
Cash Basis Efficiency Ratio
Fee Income Ratio
45
30
15
0
60
50
40
30
’03 ’04 ’05 ’06 ’07
41.3%
51.6%
In percentage
Based on cash basis operating earnings
In percentage
Based on operating earnings
’03 ’04 ’05 ’06 ’07

 • 7th largest insurance distributor in the United States and 8th largest in the world
• Ranked #1 in productivity among the world’s top 10 brokers for the last four years
• Largest commercial property and casualty wholesale broker in the United States
• 134 locations across the United States with six separate complementary subsidiaries
• Represents the top-rated major insurance companies in the United States
Insurance Revenues*
$900 $869
800 700 600 500 400 300 200 100
Dollars in millions
*Includes insurance-related interest income and insurance commissions.
Established in 1922, BB&T Insurance combines a full array of products with exceptional market expertise and delivers comprehensive insurance programs designed specifically for each client. BB&T Insurance offers national capabilities, regional focus and local, relationship-oriented service.
’97 ’98 ’99 ’00 ’01 ’02 ’03 ’04 ’05 ’06 ’07
15

 16 2007 ANNUAL REVIEW BEST BANK IN TOWN SINCE 1872
Overall Bank Satisfaction BB&T
SunTrust Wachovia
Bank of America
73.4%
Loyalty: My Bank Treats Me Right
BB&T 77.7%
Wachovia SunTrust
Bank of America
66% 68% 70% 72% 74% 76% 78%
In percentage
From Maritz Research Retail Client Satisfaction Survey, represents percentage of “top box” scores, indicating a nine or 10 rating on a 10-point scale.
64% 66% 68% 70% 72% 74% 76%
In percentage
From Maritz Research Retail Client Satisfaction Survey, represents percentage of “top box” scores, indicating a nine or 10 rating on a 10-point scale.
We provided superior retail service quality and made progress in our Perfect Client Experience initiative.
J.D. Power and Associates awarded BB&T its top national ranking for mortgage servicing in its annual study of nearly 12,000 clients and 38 companies. Among other awards, BB&T was cited by national consulting firm Greenwich Associates for excellence in business banking, ranking in the top five banks in the country.
At the core of BB&T’s Perfect Client Experience program is educating our own employees to deliver client service that is reliable, responsive, empathetic and competent.
Maritz Research’s survey of clients of BB&T and our large in-market competitors confirms the effectiveness of
this focus. For example, as shown in the accompanying graphics, BB&T topped its competitors in overall retail client satisfaction and in retail client loyalty again in 2007. BB&T excelled in “top box” scores, indicating the percentage of clients who rate us as a nine or 10 on a 10-point scale.

                                 17
        Underlying BB&T’s financial performance is our culture, based on a clear and consistent set of values. These values are practical habits that enable us to be successful as individuals and to achieve our mission as a corporation. We believe values are particularly crucial today after we have seen so many ethical deviations in business, politics and everyday life.
Our 10 values are depicted in the accompanying illustration. Let me comment on four that have been particularly important this year — reality, reason, independent thinking and integrity. Reality is the starting point — understanding the facts and acknowledging that what is, is. With reason, we can make logical decisions based on those facts. We also encourage all employees to think independently, with
each of us responsible for what we do. Integrity requires
us to always act in a manner consistent with our principles. Fact-based, well-reasoned, independent and principled decisions lead us to keep a long-term perspective, regardless of short-term benefits — such as profitable
but overly risky loans or investments.
At BB&T, we believe values must be consistent and integrated in everything we do, extending through every part of our business. They are rooted in our strong foundation and long history. They enable us to remain focused and steadfast, allowing us to weather tough times and emerge poised for future growth and success. In short, our goal is to build value — for our shareholders, clients, employees and communities — based on our values.

 18 2007 ANNUAL REVIEW BEST BANK IN TOWN SINCE 1872
Our long-standing vision has not changed: to create the best financial institution possible — a high-performance company that can prosper in this rapidly changing, highly competitive, globally integrated and tremendously challenging environment. Such a company will be one
of the 15 or so winners that we think will dominate the financial-services industry 10 to 15 years from now.
The key to maximizing our probability of being both independent and prosperous over the long term is to create a superior earnings per share growth rate — which is essential for a strong stock price. We must continue to drive superior relative performance without sacrificing the fundamental quality and long-term competitiveness of our business, nor taking unreasonable risk.
The key to achieving our goal is a long-term strategy of superior, balanced performance, built around four overriding principles:
We will focus on four key strategic objectives to pursue our goals for 2008:
Effectively manage through disrupted financial markets.
The disruption in financial markets has significantly increased risk. Of biggest concern to BB&T is the residential real estate lending market, which is a significant part of our business. It is difficult to predict how long depressed conditions will last, but our best guess is between six and 18 months before the housing industry works through this correction.
Specifically, we must:
• Work with our clients through tough times
• Focus on fundamental and core competencies, and
avoid exposure to complex and unknown risks
• Reassure clients about BB&T’s safety and soundness
• Client-driven service providing better value through
rational innovation and productivity improvement •
Intensify our risk-management focus by escalating problem-asset management, mediating single-family residential risk and understanding all types and layers of risk
• Rational risk taking and exceptional risk management
• Superior earnings growth
• Targeted and consistent investments for the future
Financial services firms face a series of challenges in 2008, including the uncertainty of the economy, intense competition, excess capacity, continued consolidation, more regulatory costs and the need for continuous innovation and productivity improvement.
• Ensure excellent asset quality by instilling BB&T’s values-driven credit culture, reinforcing credit skills and training, continuing our disciplined underwriting processes, diversifying risk and executing our credit processes with excellence
• Maintain strong capital and liquidity positions
Diluted Earnings Per Share $3.17
$
3.00 2.50 2.00 1.50 1.00
’03 ’04 ’05 ’06 ’07
In dollars
Based on operating earnings

                                Achieve superior revenue growth.
This objective includes excellent execution of our sales
and service systems: the BB&T Decathlon, Integrated Relationship Management, Consultative Sales and Store Ownership. In addition, we will make investments for the future, including opening 30 more de novo branches and reinvesting in current facilities, while relocating some branches to faster-growing areas. We also are expanding our wealth-management and private-banking operations as well as targeting key growth segments such as the multicultural market. Commercial finance, commercial and industrial lending, and integrated financial supply chain management also provide excellent opportunities for growth.
In addition, we plan to accelerate our non-bank acquisitions to grow existing product lines, with the primary focus on expanding our very successful insurance operations. We will also look for acquisitions to expand in asset management and consumer and commercial finance.
Over the last several years, one of our primary challenges has been to grow net interest income with a flat and often inverted yield curve. With an inverted yield curve, the traditional relationship between long-term and short-term
interest rates is reversed. However, we have a liability- sensitive interest rate position, and will benefit from reductions in the Federal Funds rate and the return of a “normal” positively sloped yield curve.
Create the Perfect Client Experience.
BB&T remains a quality differentiated competitor. We sell quality, not price. Our training and leadership programs constantly stress the four core components that create meaningful relationships with our clients — client service that is reliable, responsive, empathetic and competent.
For our product-line managers and support staff, the No.
1 goal is to simplify our products, services and processes
to make them easier for the client and our client-contact employees to use. For example, in 2007 we launched a new online tool to enable users to quickly and easily open deposit accounts online. The service won awards for its ease of use and resulted in the opening of 69,000 new accounts.
We will continue efforts to reduce turnover in our client- contact employees and create better service quality than our primary competitors. We also will pursue an integration of our delivery channels to create a convenient client experience.
19
   “What separates BB&T over all the other banks
  is their people.”

                                20 2007 ANNUAL REVIEW BEST BANK IN TOWN SINCE 1872
 Create superior operating leverage: Maximize economic profit.
Our goal is to hold the number of our employees stable for the second year in a row, exclusive of acquisitions and new business-line expansions. In addition, we continue to focus on maximizing economic profit through the pursuit of several business model changes, and significantly improved measurement of risk / return tradeoffs.
During 2007, we expanded our Corporate Banking team
to focus efforts on both lending and non-credit services for larger customers. We also strengthened our focus on commercial and industrial clients while deepening banking relationships with our insurance clients. We introduced bundled products to drive cross-selling to new households, and enhanced our phone and online capabilities to develop expanded deposit relationships with existing clients.
We concentrated our marketing and branch investment in higher-potential large markets, and increased our investment in serving wealthier client segments to accelerate growth.
During 2008, we will continue to advance and extend the economic-profit benefits of these investments.
I want to extend my sincere appreciation to Rhone Sasser, who retired from BB&T’s corporate board
of directors on December 31, 2007. Rhone, the former chairman and chief executive officer of United Carolina Bancshares, has provided strong leadership and wise counsel since joining the board in 1997 following our merger with UCB.
I also would like to welcome two new members to our corporate board of directors: Tommy Thompson and Steve Williams. Tommy is president of Thompson Homes of Owensboro, Kentucky, a family-owned firm founded by
his father and uncle in 1948. He is past president of the National Association of Home Builders and currently serves as a member of the Kentucky state legislature. Steve is president and majority owner of A.T. Williams Oil Company of Winston-Salem, North Carolina, and oversees the daily operations of a chain of 348 gas stations, convenience stores, restaurants and travel centers in Alabama, Georgia, Tennessee, Virginia, Pennsylvania and the Carolinas. He also serves as president of WilcoHess, a joint venture between A.T. Williams and Hess Corporation. Tommy and Steve exemplify BB&T’s core values and are substantial BB&T shareholders. I look forward to the benefits of their business acumen and leadership on the board.
  Our Mission
Best Bank inTown since
To Make the World a Better Place to Live, By:
• Helping our Clients Achieve Economic Success and Financial Security;
• Creating a Place where our Employees can Learn, Grow and be Fulfilled in their Work;
• Making the Communities in which we Work Better Places to be; and thereby:
• Optimizing the Long-Term Return to our Shareholders, while Providing a Safe and Sound Investment.

                                When I started at BB&T in 1971, BB&T was a small eastern North Carolina bank with $250 million in assets primarily serving the agricultural community. Even though we now have $132.6 billion in assets and operate in 11 states and Washington, D.C., our culture and community- bank organization focused on building meaningful relationships with our clients reflect the same principles long held by our organization. BB&T is still the “Best Bank in Town – Since 1872.”
Sincerely,
John A. Allison
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
The personal relationship principle is the heart and soul
of BB&T. It forms the foundation for local decision-making closer to the client and the basis for reliable, responsive, empathetic and competent client service. Our bank feels like a community bank with personal service, but has the resources of one of America’s largest financial institutions: better trained employees, more sophisticated technology and superior products and services.
This is among the most challenging and competitive environments I have ever experienced in banking. But I
am confident that BB&T will be successful even with those challenges because of our people, our client relationships, our markets, the strength of our institution, our strategies and our philosophy.
As always, my thanks to each of you for your continuing support as a BB&T shareholder.
21
 February 21, 2008
 1872
BB&T Headquarters Winston-Salem, North Carolina 2007
Branch Banking & Trust Co. Wilson, North Carolina 1903
 