'14 Annual Report

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
In 2014, BB&T made important investments to meet our long-term objective of growing, sustained and predictable returns for our clients, associates, communities and shareholders. To succeed in a challenging banking environment, we believe diversification and scale are becoming increasingly important with higher regulatory and other costs. We continued to make investments to expand our Mid-Atlantic franchise and our rapidly growing Texas presence. At the same time, we have built the infrastructure we need to succeed in an increasingly competitive world, while remaining relentless in eliminating expenses we do not need. Anchoring BB&T's strategy is the marketplace's best value proposition based on quality and our most important distinguishing characteristic ­ a common culture committed to our vision of creating the best financial institution possible. We do not say "largest" because we do not believe in growth for growth's sake. We grow because that is how we optimize the long-term return to our shareholders. And we do not say "best" to brag. That commitment is affirmed by consistent independent rankings demonstrating BB&T's superior service quality. At BB&T, we believe leadership drives our growth. We help our associates grow and become better leaders through training and education. We help our clients lead and grow their businesses. When we help our clients' leadership teams become more effective, for example, they make better decisions, their businesses grow faster and we get more loans, deposits and fees. We give back to our communities so they grow into better places to live and do business. If our associates, clients and communities grow, we grow ­ and our shareholders benefit. Everyone wins. While most banks are measured by traditional offerings like loans and deposits ­ and BB&T excels by those measures ­ we believe another important quality is how we help our clients and communities grow through leadership development. In 2014, we increased our investment in leadership by sharing our time-tested leadership model with our clients and the next generation of leaders through programs for educators and students. We will significantly expand that investment through The BB&T Leadership Institute in 2015. We are optimistic about 2015 because of our accomplishments in 2014, including: Significantly broadening our franchise in the attractive MidAtlantic region. Our plan to acquire Susquehanna Bancshares opens exciting new opportunities in the contiguous states of Pennsylvania and New Jersey, including the affluent Philadelphia market, while also improving our market share in Maryland and Baltimore. In addition, our pending acquisition of The Bank of Kentucky gives us access to diversified markets in northern Kentucky and greater Cincinnati's rich base of corporate banking and capital markets clients. Building our base in the vibrant Texas market. Our acquisition of a total of 62 Citibank branches doubles our presence in Dallas and creates retail and commercial banking opportunities in other fast-growing markets such as Bryan-College Station, Houston and Midland. Since we entered Texas with the Colonial Bank acquisition in 2009, BB&T's market share has grown from 51st to 12th. Continued national expansion of our Capital Markets Corporate Banking capabilities. With eight national loan production offices, including a new corporate banking team based in New York City to serve clients in the Northeast, we are positioning BB&T to be an active market participant as the economy improves and corporate America makes needed infrastructure investments. Leveraging our large insurance business. Insurance is the leading driver of our diversification, representing 18% of BB&T revenue, and we're now the fifth-largest insurance distributor in the U.S. Among the new growth opportunities: offering life insurance products acquired through our 2012 Crump Group acquisition to our wealth clients and employee-benefit packages acquired through our 2011 Precept Group acquisition to our small business clients. Broad improvement in our credit quality. Our strongest performance in seven years is a reflection of BB&T's long-held conservative principles and significant investment in a comprehensive risk governance system.

BB&T Market Coverage
Expanding Our Franchise

BB&T Susquehanna Bancshares The Bank of Kentucky Completed acquisition from Citibank in June 2014 and announced acquisition from Citibank in September 2014

1

"We come in every morning to help our clients and communities be successful. We believe it is the most important part of our business. Those values have served us well for 143 years, and will continue to serve us for many decades to come."

Kelly S. King Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

'14 Annual Report

Extending our specialized lending and dealer financial services. Now 14% of our revenues, these businesses provide additional products and services to our clients while increasing our geographic and revenue diversification. One of many examples is our equipment finance business, with a five-year compound annual growth rate of 23%, working in tandem with our corporate bankers. (See page 16.) Expanding our retail delivery options. We're constantly improving our online banking experience to meet clients' rapidly changing preferences. Today, 25% of our checking and savings account clients use our mobile banking services, up from 3% only four years ago, and we are planning exciting new offerings for our clients in the future. Keynote has ranked BB&T first for overall customer experience among U.S. retail banking websites for three straight years. Continued investment in cutting-edge processes. Our new general ledger and risk governance systems increase our efficiency, give us an edge over our peers and proactively address new banking regulations. Rewarding our shareholders. We have achieved higher returns with lower volatility than our peers over the last 10 years, and have one of the best dividend yields. Our accomplishments are noteworthy at a time when our country and industry still face challenges. While we remain encouraged by an improving U.S. economy and signs of positive change in Washington, we must remain vigilant. In 2015, we expect still-tepid domestic growth, a volatile global environment, higher regulatory costs, and increasing competition from traditional banks and new entrants seeking to win parts of our business. We also recognize that most of our competitors offer the same products and, candidly, similar strategies. We know the most successful companies will be those with the best execution of their strategies. In turn, excellent execution requires consistency of purpose and an environment where everyone is engaged in pursuing a common goal. Careful readers of our annual reports will notice a consistency in our message. This is not accidental. The consistency reflects our fundamental view that successful businesses are operated for the long term. We don't respond to fads and engage in short-term thinking. We don't remake ourselves every few years. For example, when we expanded our presence in Florida in 2009 in the middle of the recession, the pundits were warning of the state's demise amid overbuilding. We preferred to look at the long term: nearly 20 million people live in Florida and it's warm in the winter. Since then, Florida has become one of BB&T's most lucrative markets. We're now hearing some of the same short-term thinking about Texas because of worries that lower oil prices will impact the state's large energy sector. Our response: 27 million people live in Texas, with 1,000 more moving there every day, attracted by the nation's strongest job market.

We believe profitability and predictability go hand in hand. Our community banks have been operating largely the same for 30 years, with local autonomy and responsiveness that results in consistently better client service quality. Our client service has won top scores year after year from respected research organizations. Our acquisition strategy also has been consistent over the years as we have steadily built our franchise by acquiring banks with contiguous markets, long heritages and compatible cultures ­ most recently with the announced Susquehanna transaction. Our long-term view also extends to our communities. We believe in helping our communities for two reasons: it's the right thing to do, and frankly, it helps our bottom line. Banks are nothing more than a reflection of our communities. Among my proudest moments is watching BB&T's associates volunteer in community-service projects as part of our Lighthouse Project ­ more than 6,600 projects, touching the lives of 9.7 million people, since we launched the project six years ago to help our communities as they struggled through the recession. Our long-term consistency is most deeply rooted in our value system. We believe the best and only way to operate a large organization is to make sure that everyone holds, and lives, the same fundamental values. At BB&T, we talk with our associates constantly about the values of character, judgment, success and happiness. Why happiness? Because if associates are happy in their lives, they have a sense of self-esteem and pride in their work and believe they're doing something worthwhile ­ and they are at BB&T. That is not just a bromide with us. It is the way we live. We come in every morning to help our clients and communities be successful. We believe it is the most important part of our business. Those values have served us well for 143 years, and will continue to serve us for many decades to come.

Diversification Drives Revenue and Productivity
2014 Revenue Mix

18%

Community Banking Residential Mortgage Banking Dealer Financial Services Specialized Lending

13% 7% 7% 9%

46%

Financial Services Insurance Holdings Based on segment revenues, excluding other, treasury and corporate for period ended 12/31/2014

3

'14 Annual Report

2 0 1 4 R E S U LT S
BB&T produced record earnings in 2014, with strong performances throughout the company reflecting the effectiveness of our key strategies. Net income available to common shareholders increased more than 25% to a record $2 billion for the year. Our diversified fee-income businesses, including insurance, investment banking, bankcard and trust, reported record revenue. We produced solid growth in both loans and lower-cost deposits. We very effectively controlled expenses. Our credit quality indicators all showed sharp improvement. Our capital levels remained strong across the board. Earnings per diluted share increased 25.6% to $2.75 for 2014, compared with $2.19 in 2013. Average loans and leases, excluding loans acquired from the FDIC, grew by 3.6%, a solid performance in a relatively slow economy. The growth was broad-based, including corporate lending, auto lending, commercial real estate lending and retail lending. The 4.8% growth in commercial real estate reflected improvement in several areas hurt by the recession, including single-family construction, industrial and hospitality. Thanks to excellent execution by our community bank, we enjoyed strong momentum in direct retail loans, led by home equity lines of credit. Our specialized lending businesses, including Grandbridge Real Estate Capital and Sheffield Financial power and sports equipment finance, reported strong growth. Residential mortgages declined as part of our decision in 2014 to sell a larger portion of our mortgage originations and to sell non-performing loans. We achieved loan growth in a competitive market through our strategies and diversification, not by lowering underwriting standards. We believe our core loan growth rate for the fourth quarter of 6.2%, which excludes residential mortgages, seasonal fluctuations and expected runoff of FDIC-covered loans acquired in our Colonial acquisition, best determines future earnings opportunities, assuming stability in the broader economy. We are optimistic about continued solid loan growth in 2015, provided the economy continues to improve. Average noninterest-bearing deposits increased by 10.0% in 2014 compared with the prior year, reflecting the success of our strategy to grow lower-cost deposits. The mix of noninterest deposit balances to total deposits improved to 28.9% in 2014 from 26.4% in 2013 and 20.4% in 2011. We have made significant progress in growing and diversifying our deposits in recent years. Our strong results were driven partly by across-the-board improvement in credit quality. Total nonperforming assets as a percentage of average assets declined every quarter to 0.42% at year end. Delinquent loans, both early stage and those 90 or more days past due, continued to fall. Net charge-offs for the fourth quarter were 0.39% of average loans, an 18.3% decrease from the third quarter of 2014. Our allowance coverage ratios remain strong. BB&T's fully taxable equivalent net interest income declined 4.3% to $5.5 billion and the net interest margin declined to 3.42% from 3.68% in 2013. Both declines were anticipated, reflecting in part lower interest rates on new loans. All banks are challenged to grow interest income in this prolonged low-rate environment. The net interest margin, key to a bank's profitability, is the difference between the interest received on loans and investments and the interest paid on deposits and other funding, expressed as a percentage of average earning assets. Our margin still compares favorably with the 3.12% average of our peers, and should remain fairly stable due to our ability to offset lower new loan yields with an improved funding mix. The margin could improve slightly later in 2015 if the Federal Reserve starts to increase interest rates, as anticipated in the middle of the year.

More Consistent Long-Term Performance
Revenue/average assets 10-year average
(2004-2014) 2.2% 0.4% 1.8% 1.8% 0.3%

Revenue/average assets 10-year standard deviation
(2004-2014) 0.4%
Volatility measured as standard deviation of PPNR/Average Asset ratios Largest four banks: BAC, C, JPM, WFC National peer group: CMA, FITB, HBAN, KEY, MTB, PNC, RF, STI, USB and ZION Source: SNL Financial as of 12/31/2014

BB&T

National Peers

Largest Four Banks

BB&T

National Peers

Largest Four Banks

4

PHILADELPHIA

"The Susquehanna acquisition means BB&T is even more invested in areas where we do business. It is always useful to have a banking partner that operates in your backyard."
George J. Alburger Jr., executive vice president and chief financial officer, Liberty Property Trust

George J. Alburger Jr. Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Liberty Property Trust

Jennifer Landis Vice President, Treasury, Liberty Property Trust

Jim Davis Senior Vice President, BB&T Capital Markets Corporate Banking Team Leader, Northeast Region

Damon Patrick Assistant Vice President, BB&T Capital Markets Corporate Banking Sales & Service Officer, REIT Group

Glenn Page Senior Vice President, BB&T Capital Markets Corporate Banking

The pending acquisition of Susquehanna Bancshares opens opportunities for BB&T to create new relationships, and deepen existing ones, with top corporations in greater Philadelphia. One example is Liberty Property Trust, a BB&T client since 2011. The $8.9 billion real estate investment trust is redefining Philadelphia's skyline with a 59-stor y sk yscraper being built next to a 58-story tower opened in 2008, both for Comcast Corporation. Stateof-the-ar t off ices being developed by Liberty also are giving new life to the reborn

Philadelphia Navy Yard. BB&T was selected as a participant in Liberty's line of credit because of its stability, strong interest in the REIT industry and "a footprint that overlays nicely with some of our key regions," said Liberty CFO George Alburger. With the Susquehanna acquisition, BB&T shares Liberty's prime markets in Pennsylvania, Maryland and New Jersey. "That physical presence makes a statement that we are committed to the market in a big way," said Glenn Page, senior vice president of BB&T Capital Markets Corporate Banking.

C I N C I N N AT I

"Both companies are built on a common community banking culture, and we share the same values and philosophies about client services. It's really an ideal merger on every level."
Greg Branstetter, senior vice president of BB&T Capital Markets Corporate Banking.

Greg Branstetter Senior Vice President, BB&T Capital Markets Corporate Banking

Deanne Martin Vice President, BB&T Equipment Finance Large Corporate Group

Craig Kegg Senior Vice President, Grandbridge Real Estate Capital

Brian Blomeke Senior Vice President, BB&T Capital Markets Corporate Banking

Ryan Hamilton Assistant Vice President, BB&T Capital Markets Corporate Banking

BB&T's pending acquisition of The Bank of Kentucky not only solidifies our statewide presence in Kentuck y but al so opens attractive new markets in neighboring Ohio and the broader Midwest. The region's many manufacturing and industrial companies will have access to BB&T's full suite of corporate banking and capital market s ser vices, ranging from loan syndications to bond financing. The greater Cincinnati area is a particularly rich corporate banking market, with more corporate headquar ters per capita than bigger U.S. cities. One example:

Current BB&T client Western & Southern Financial Group, which built the iconic Cincinnati skyscraper Great American Tower at Queen City Square. "Just in downtown Cincinnati, we have 15 corporate clients and could-be clients within walking distance," said Brian Blomeke, Cincinnati-based senior vice president of BB&T's Capital Markets Corporate Banking group. "This acquisition will allow us to do signif icantly more business together than either of us is able to do on our own."

'14 Annual Report

Our noninterest income totaled $3.8 billion for the year, down 3.9% from 2013, but finished the year with a very strong fourth quarter performance, exceeding $1 billion, a 29% annualized increase compared with the prior quarter. The increase was driven by insurance, mortgage banking, investment banking and brokerage. Insurance income was up 8.3% in 2014, the best year in our history, due to new business growth and client retention. Mortgage banking was down for the year as the refinance boom ended in 2014. However, applications and income improved in the fourth quarter, reflecting higher net mortgage servicing rights performance. Investment banking and brokerage enjoyed a record year, benefiting from increased capital markets activity. BB&T's fee income ratio increased to a record 44.3% for the year, compared with our peer average of 37.5%. A higher value indicates a bank is producing more of its revenue from noninterest income and reflects the success of our strategy diversifying our sources of income. Our intense focus on controlling BB&T's expenses resulted in a 13% reduction in BB&T's adjusted noninterest expense in the fourth quarter, due largely to lower insurance-related and information technology costs, and a decline in full-time equivalent positions. In part because of our long-term investment in risk management and other systems and the impact of some costs that will not recur, expenses increased slightly to $5.9 billion for the year. Our efficiency ratio ­ which measures expenses as a percentage of revenues, so lower percentages signal better performance ­ improved to 56.7% in the fourth quarter of 2014 from 59.9% a year earlier, and compares favorably with the fourth quarter average of our peers. We remain committed to tightly controlling our expenses in 2015.

BB&T's return on average assets was a solid 1.20%, up from .95% in 2013, and superior to our peer average of 1.07%. Our return on average common shareholders' equity increased to 9.40% from 8.06%, and was superior to our peer average of 9.10%. A key to superior long-term returns is minimum volatility. Some companies are comfortable seeking higher returns with higher risk. We are not. Over the last 10 years, we have achieved superior performance with less volatility than our peers. Our pre-tax profitability relative to assets averaged 2.2%, compared to 1.8% for our national peers. For the same 10-year period, BB&T's standard deviation of that measure was 0.3%, compared to 0.4% for our national peers. In summary, BB&T continued to significantly improve our financial performance in 2014 with positive growth trends in key areas, including loans and deposits, and fee income, combined with strong and improving credit quality and expense control. All of our longterm strategies are showing excellent results. We feel very positive about our prospects in 2015 and beyond.

Superior Returns
Return on Risk-Weighted Assets
1.80 % 1.50 1.20 0.90 0.60 0.57% 0.30
(Percent) (Percent)

Return on Average Tangible Common Equity
1.63% 1.68% 20.00 % 16.00
BB&T

1.54%

17.39% 17.49% 15.70% 12.60%

Peers Excludes impact of selected unusual items. Refer to back inside cover for appropriate disclosures.

1.06% 0.67% 1.00%

1.28% 1.32%

1.28%

12.00 8.73% 8.00 4.00 0.00 2010 2011

13.24% 13.22% 10.34% 11.46%

Peers include: CMA, FITB, HBAN, KEY, MTB, PNC, STI, USB and ZION Source: SNL and Company Reports

4.44%

0.00 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014

2012

2013

2014

7

'14 Annual Report

O U R S TO C K P E R F O R M A N C E
The bottom line of our mission is to optimize the long-term return to our shareholders, while providing a safe and sound investment. We achieve that through steady performance, less volatility in our results, and growth in our diverse franchise, our dividends and ultimately our share price. The emphasis is on long term. We believe the best long-term measure of stock performance is total return to shareholders, which includes the change in stock price plus dividends paid. In 2014, our total return to shareholders was 6.8%. Consistent with BB&T's mission, our long-term returns exceeded our peers and have been the most consistent among our peers during the last 10 years. BB&T's 20-year annualized return to shareholders has been 10.9%, compared with the 7.8% average of our peers. We also outperformed our peers and the S&P 500 financials index over the last seven-year, 10-year and 15-year periods. Predictable dividends are also very important to us. Nearly half of our shareholders are individuals who have accumulated their shares over many years and depend on a steady stream of dividends. We are proud that BB&T has consistently had among the highest dividend yields and payout ratios, compared to our peers. BB&T has paid a cash dividend to shareholders every year since 1903. In the first quarter of 2014, we increased our quarterly dividend to $0.24 per share, a 4.3% increase from the fourth quarter of 2013. We are committed to continue making predictability a priority at BB&T.

BB&T Among Leaders in Dividend Yield
Dividend Yield of BB&T and Peers
3.00 % 2.55% 2.50 2.00 1.50 1.00 0.50
(Percent)

2.47%

2.28% 2.23%

2.18%

2.10% 1.91% 1.89% 1.87% 1.71%

0.56%

0.00 FITB BB&T HBAN MTB USB PNC STI RF KEY CMA ZION

Source: Thomson ONE as of 12/31/2014

Total Shareholder Returns
For the periods ended December 31, 2014
20 % 15 11.8% 10 5 0
(Percent) (Percent)

17.5% 13.3%

8% 6 4 2 0 -2

7.3%

4% 3 2 1 0.2% -0.3% 0
(Percent)

8% 3.0% 6 4 2 -1.6% 0.1% 0
(Percent) (Percent)

12 % 6.0% 9 6 3 0

10.9% 7.8% 8.5%

2.0%

2.4%

-1

BB&T Peer Average S&P Financials Index

5 Year

7 Year

10 Year

15 Year

20 Year

Peers include: CMA, FITB, HBAN, KEY, MTB, PNC, RF, STI, USB and ZION. Source: Bloomberg
8

'14 Annual Report

O U R C A P I TA L S T R E N G T H
BB&T is one of the nation's best capitalized banks ­ and among the best prepared for any economic environment in the future. A bank's capital levels, which basically measure how much creditors are covered if a bank's assets are liquidated, are closely monitored by federal regulators as a key yardstick of bank risk. We are proud that the Federal Reserve's Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR) program in 2014 affirmed BB&T's capital strength. These "stress tests," which use the Fed's own models to gauge the performance of the nation's "systemically important" large banks under severely adverse economic scenarios, showed that BB&T had: · The highest level of Tier 1 capital, a measure of equity that regulators watch most closely · The smallest decline in Tier 1 capital · The highest pre-tax return on assets among peers and one of only two peers to remain profitable · The lowest projected loss rate among peers for the total loan portfolio Our Liquidity Coverage Ratio, designed to ensure financial institutions have the necessary assets on hand to ride out short-term liquidity disruptions, was 130% in the fourth quarter of 2014, well above the 90% regulatory minimum required by January 1, 2016. We were very conservative in 2014 as we put comprehensive risk management and other systems in place. We spent much of the year building our capital levels, positioning BB&T to increase its capital distribution when appropriate. We follow clear priorities in distributing capital. We focus on organic growth first. Regular dividends to shareholders are a strong second. Strategic opportunities such as mergers and acquisitions are third priority. Stock buybacks or special dividends are fourth priority. Our announced acquisition of Susquehanna Bancshares in late 2014, structured with 30% cash and 70% BB&T stock, represents an ideal blend of priorities. It is an excellent strategic initiative that uses an efficient way to deploy capital. While regulators have the absolute independent ability and responsibility to supervise banks, we view our relationship as important and instructive. By engaging openly and fully with regulators, we have benefited from feedback that has made BB&T even stronger.

Capital Strength
Basel I Tier 1 Common Ratio
11.0 % 10.6% 10.5 10.4% 10.2% 10.2% 10.2% 9.9% 9.5
(Percent) (Percent)

Basel I Tier 1 Ratio
12.5 % 10.6% 12.0 10.5% 10.5% 11.5 11.5% 11.0 11.8% 11.9% 11.7% 11.7% 11.8% 12.1% 12.1% 12.4% 12.4%
BB&T Peers Tier 1 and Tier 1 common ratios are non-GAAP measures. BB&T's management uses these measures to assess the quality of capital and believes investors may find them useful in their analysis of the Corporation. These capital measures are not necessarily comparable to similar capital measures that may be presented by other companies. Peers include: CMA, FITB, HBAN, KEY, MTB, PNC, RF, STI, USB and ZION Source: SNL and Company Reports

10.4%

10.0

9.0 4Q13 1Q14 2Q14 3Q14 4Q14

10.5 4Q13 1Q14 2Q14 3Q14 4Q14

9

'14 Annual Report

OUR LEADERSHIP COMMITMENT
We have focused intently on leadership at BB&T for many decades. To meet our vision of creating the best financial institution possible, we need the best possible leaders. But it is more than that. We believe leadership is also the driver of the growth and success for all BB&T's constituents ­ our clients, associates, communities and shareholders. For our clients, the differentiator is not only who can provide the best products and services, but also how we can best help them as they lead and grow their businesses. For our associates, BB&T's extensive leadership training programs are built around a simple but powerful mantra: "It's not about us." Rather, our mission is to make a positive, meaningful difference in the lives of as many people as possible. We believe if we can help make that difference ­ and help create better leaders ­ in communities throughout our marketplace, we all benefit. Our shareholders share in the growth made possible by our collective leadership. BB&T's leadership model is based on a simple premise: people primarily behave in a manner that is consistent with their beliefs. We reject the quick and frequently misapplied solution of stronger and stronger demands to compel associates to behave in a certain way. Instead, we have learned that for people to change and perform better over the long term, they must believe what they are doing is right. That is why the values we constantly stress to associates are so important ­ values like honesty, independent thinking, teamwork and pride in their work. When our behavior is anchored by our beliefs and values, we get the right results. In other words, beliefs drive behaviors, which create results. Our model is also grounded in the power of positive thinking. Unfortunately, many people allow themselves to be consumed by the negatives of situations, caused in part by society setting limits on what we should not do and imposing penalties when we make a mistake. It takes a concerted effort to focus on the positive rather than the negative, on the opportunities rather than the obstacles. To counteract that, our leadership model stresses the positives ­ positive reinforcement and an enthusiastic, positive attitude. We believe so deeply in the importance of leadership that we have started sharing what we have learned more widely through The BB&T Leadership Institute. We will continue our commitment to our associates with a program that has offered leadership development to thousands of associates over the last three decades. In 2014, we added three other audiences ­ our corporate clients, educators and students. The BB&T Leadership Institute has incorporated the closely aligned leadership philosophy of Farr Associates, which has helped top U.S. companies with leadership development programs for more than a half century. This long-time BB&T subsidiary is now part of The BB&T Leadership Institute. In addition to discussing banking staples like deposits, credit needs and treasury services, we are starting conversations with clients about how BB&T can help them attain their business goals in areas such as leadership development and succession planning. Our approach begins with learning about a company's strategic and tactical goals, so our work is closely aligned with achieving its most critical performance objectives. We have begun offering our time-tested, five-day "Mastering Leadership Dynamics" course to our corporate clients. Our program is based in part on greater awareness. We do not believe leaders can fully meet their potential until they understand themselves, their associates and their environment. For example, how do they react to different people and different situations? How do they act under stress? What are their emotional triggers? Virtually all (97%) company executives who have completed the course say the selfawareness experience prompted them to establish a clear path to improve their leadership practices. We also are reaching out to educators and students because our future leaders are sitting in classrooms today. After a successful pilot program in 2014, we will offer our unique leadership development program to several hundred school principals in 2015. Studies have shown principals have among the biggest impact on student achievement by creating an environment for learning. In addition, we are collaborating with universities across our footprint to develop a leadership curriculum for their students. We also are expanding our outreach to high school and other students with financial literacy education through the BB&T Financial Foundation and our innovative "LEGACY: A BB&T Leadership Challenge" mobile gaming application that teaches leadership skills. We are looking for opportunities to reach young leaders wherever we find them. One example: a leadership development program, including a new merit badge, for a Girl Scout council in North Carolina. BB&T's leadership initiative is not intended to gain recognition or promote our products, although our clients regularly tell us how much they value our focus on an area that is typically not discussed by their other business partners. Rather, our commitment to leadership development is a crucial part of our mission to help our clients, associates, communities and shareholders succeed, thereby making the world a better place to live. If we can help create better leaders, our marketplaces, our capitalistic system and our country will prosper.

10

T H E B B &T L E A D E R S H I P I N S T I T U T E

"Not only did The BB&T Leadership Institute help me become a stronger leader and person, it helped to positively change the culture of this school. I feel renewed and confident I can lead this school for years and years to come."
Dr. Angela Moore, principal of Thomasville Primary School, a K-3 institution in North Carolina

Angela Moore Principal, Thomasville Primary School

Will Sutton Executive Vice President and Director, The BB&T Leadership Institute

Rosalind Guerrie Senior Vice President and Educational Leadership Programs Manager, The BB&T Leadership Institute

Principal Angela Moore thought her "all business" style was needed to meet the challenges facing Thomasville Primar y School, where many students are challenged in achieving their highest potential. Initially, Dr. Moore was hesitant to participate in The BB&T Leadership Institute's program, Master ing Leader ship D ynamic s for Educational Leaders, designed to help principals become more aware of how they are perceived as leaders. "I thought this would be just another leadership workshop, but my experience was so much more than expected."

The intense program provided her with increased self-awareness, and supported her transition to a more approachable and reflective leader, fostering more open communication with her school team. "Once I let my guard down, I saw the difference it made with our teachers and students. They're happier and more confident." Now she understands that though she's the principal, she is not the school's only leader. Her BB&T Leadership Institute experiences even inspired an updated school mission statement, which now reads ­ "To teach, to lead, to learn."

'14 Annual Report

O U R S T R AT E G I C O B J E C T I V E S
Each year BB&T's senior management team sets our strategic objectives. Our tactics may change, but BB&T has not veered from our primary strategies in recent years ­ a reflection of our consistency of purpose and commitment to our vision of creating the best financial institution possible. We always start with a clear-eyed analysis of the challenges to achieving our objectives. The global economic and geopolitical environment remains volatile, with a succession of crises ranging from the ISIS terrorist threat, the Ebola outbreak and cybersecurity breaches to economic worries in China, Japan and much of Europe. In many ways, the U.S. is doing better than the rest of the world, but that uncertainty filters down to our country and industry, restraining the confidence of our clients. CEOs constantly tell me they are still hesitant about investing. The good news is the tremendous pent-up demand in our economy following the long recession. We believe business and consumer confidence will gradually improve in 2015 with a strengthening U.S. economy and hopefully continued signs of change in Washington. In the banking industry, one worrisome sign is intensifying competition in commercial lending, forcing down prices and prompting some banks to take on excessive credit risk. We have not, and will not, lower BB&T's credit standards, but we are concerned that some in our industry have forgotten lessons we should have learned from the recession. We also are concerned about the growing influence of nonbank companies, particularly in the payments industry. While we do not object to the competition ­ and indeed aggressively support the trend toward mobile payments ­ we believe nonbank participants should be subject to the same regulations as big U.S. banks, in part because of their vulnerability to computer hackers or even terrorist threats. We view the consolidation of our industry as a huge opportunity for BB&T. We have never had a goal to reach a certain size, but we are a growth organization because that is how we optimize the long-term return to our shareholders, the opportunities for our associates and the health of our communities. We focus primarily on organic growth, but believe we can supplement that in a year's period by growing 5% to 10% of our asset size through acquisitions. Our disciplined approach to acquisitions imposes three tests: the transaction must make strategic sense, create a good cultural fit and provide long-term shareholder value. As you will see in the following sections, we are very positive about the future of our business because all of our key strategies are working well ­ for the benefit of our clients, associates, communities and shareholders. Deliver the BB&T Value Promise Enterprise-wide and Across All Delivery Channels, Thereby Creating the Perfect Client Experience Our overarching long-term strategy is to provide the best value proposition in the marketplace by offering the best quality service. Whether in banking or any other business, we believe people ultimately move to the best value, based on quality over price. Our community banks have long been the locomotive of our banking operation and a big reason for our success in delivering the Perfect Client Experience ­ service that is reliable, responsive, empathetic and competent. Our community bankers have the autonomy to make most decisions locally. At the same time, as the nation's 10th largest bank by deposits, we can offer our clients a diverse menu of banking and nonbanking services. We are partners and consultative, trusted advisors who create deep relationships with our clients, not order takers or salespeople. So we talk less about ourselves and our products, and more about what we can do to help our clients be successful. In an increasingly online world, many more of our clients want to do their banking digitally. A cross-divisional team of senior BB&T managers is focused on redesigning our retail delivery, leveraging digital technology to serve our clients more efficiently. We are committed to creating a seamless client experience that is easier, simpler, faster, more personal and more secure, regardless of how the service is delivered. We see mobile banking and other electronic channels as complements to the experience in our branches, and vice versa. While many clients prefer our mobile banking services for routine transactions, for example, we recognize that clients still want to deal with people for advice and more complex transactions. What is not changing is the responsiveness and consultative approach of our community banking model. That remains at the core of BB&T's value promise. We are proud that our superior service quality has been consistently affirmed by independent sources for both our retail and commercial operations. Since 2009, Greenwich Associates has presented BB&T's small business and middle market banking groups 103 excellence awards ­ more than any other bank. Keynote has ranked BB&T's retail banking website first in all four customer experience categories. For the third year in a row, BB&T Wealth was named one of the "Top 40 Wealth Managers" by Barron's magazine. For the last 13 years, Training magazine has named BB&T a top-ranked bank for our associate training program. As a testament to our consistency, consider this ad for BB&T, placed 100 years ago: "Select a bank with a heart and soul, not a financial institution that simply considers its own strength. Choose a bank that can most readily pay out money and extend help by giving honest advice." It was the simple truth then and still is today.

12

'14 Annual Report

Ensure a Strong Associate Value Proposition We are committed to creating a place where our associates can learn, grow and be fulfilled in their work. This associate value proposition is directly related to our value promise to clients. We deliver superior service quality because engaged associates come in every morning focused on helping our clients be successful. We start with a strong package of health and wellness, education, vacation and other associate benefits. BB&T is one of the few companies that offers both a pension program and an employermatched 401k retirement plan. Our benefits help ensure stability: BB&T's turnover rate is one of the lowest in the industry. If our associates feel positive about achieving their own financial security, they can focus on helping our clients do the same. When I talk to BB&T leaders, I tell them their first job every day is to see how their associates are doing. Do they have any challenges in business? How are things going at home? What can we do to help you be more successful and happy, both at work and away from work? Some may say leaders should stick to workplace issues. We disagree. Happiness is foremost among the fundamental values that form the foundation of everything we do at BB&T. We focus with our associates on trying to achieve a level of happiness in business and in life, because that leads to a sense of self-esteem, pride in what we have accomplished, and a belief that we are doing something worthwhile ­ that we make a difference. We also believe helping our communities is directly related to achieving our vision of creating the best financial institution possible. The sum of the assets and liabilities in the community becomes the net worth of the bank. Our communities have served us very well for 143 years; we have an obligation to give back what we have received.

When our communities were struggling during the last recession, we launched Project Lighthouse, giving our associates time off work with BB&T financial support, to volunteer time on community projects such as helping to alleviate homelessness. Hundreds of our associates have told me, with tears in their eyes, how much better they feel about BB&T, and themselves, because of their work on Project Lighthouse. It all ties together. When associates feel they are part of their communities, it raises their self-esteem and makes them more engaged in serving our clients. Our value proposition is not only about delivering value to our clients. It is about living our values in everything we do. Drive Revenue Growth in a Very Challenging Environment Both Organically and Through Strategic Opportunities Diversification is the driver of BB&T's revenue growth, which in turn produces our stable and growing returns to our shareholders. BB&T's diversification extends to our markets, products and loan portfolios. Geographically, the steady growth of our primary Southeast and Mid-Atlantic markets is balanced, for example, with the robust growth of newer markets in Texas and Florida. In Texas, our acquisition of a total of 62 Citibank branches in 2014 significantly advances our multi-faceted strategy in one of the nation's fastest-growing states. We have rapidly expanded our market share in six years by immediately tapping into the vibrant Texas commercial banking opportunities with new commercially focused branches while pursuing a longer-term strategy of creating a balanced retail/commercial franchise in key Texas markets. We are anticipating more rapid growth from that base, primarily organically.

Diverse Market Coverage
593 Locations
BB&T Insurance (186) BB&T Corporate Location (183) BB&T Scott & Stringfellow (44) Regional Acceptance Corporation (34) BB&T Dealer Financial Services (29) Grandbridge Real Estate Capital (27) BB&T Securities, LLC (20) BB&T Capital Markets (20) BB&T Equipment Finance (18) AFCO/CAFO/Prime Rate (13) Sterling Capital (7) BB&T Commercial Finance (4) BB&T Governmental Finance (4) BB&T Data Center (2) Sheffield Financial (1) BB&T Corporate Headquarters (1)

BB&T Retail Financial Centers
2,160 Locations*
Virginia (361) North Carolina (358) Florida (326) Pennsylvania* (172) Maryland* (167) Georgia (161) Texas* (123) South Carolina (114) Kentucky* (113) Alabama (88) West Virginia* (81) Tennessee (52) New Jersey* (28) Washington DC (13) Indiana (2) Ohio* (1)
*

Includes pending Citi, Bank of Kentucky and Susquehanna branches.

13

'14 Annual Report

With our pending acquisition of The Bank of Kentucky, we will nearly double our statewide deposits, increase our market share from fourth to second and add new markets in Kentucky's "Golden Triangle" between Lexington, Louisville and northern Kentucky. Significantly, we also will gain access to contiguous Cincinnati and Ohio and the many manufacturing and industrial companies in those markets. Greater diversification is also a principal benefit of the planned Susquehanna acquisition. We will significantly expand our Mid-Atlantic footprint by adding other attractive contiguous markets. The acquisition will add 245 retail branches with approximately $13.6 billion in deposits and $18.6 billion in assets. BB&T's wealth business will gain access to 12 of Pennsylvania's 20 most affluent counties. Our experienced energy team will form relationships in the large energy sector in Pennsylvania, the nation's third-largest producer of natural gas. We will bolster our market share in the Maryland and Delaware Valley markets, with their rich base of world-leading education, healthcare and research institutions. After spending time with many Susquehanna associates, clients and leaders in their communities, I am even more excited about our common culture and vision than when we announced the acquisition in November 2014. Our community bank, representing just under half of our revenue, is balanced with a diverse mix of fee-income businesses. These national businesses diversify our balance sheet with non-real estate and low-cost deposits, bolster our margins and sustain our profitability during slower economic cycles. BB&T's national Capital Markets Corporate Banking group is increasingly important to our balance sheet and earnings growth. It provides diversification three ways ­ in our commercial and industrial loan portfolio, geographically, and by diversifying risk through

specialization in sectors such as energy, nonprofit senior living, and food, beverage and agribusiness. Since 2011, our total commitments have expanded by 25% to $24 billion, with more than 70% of annual new-money loan production coming from new markets and new industry coverage. A key to our success has been to put experienced corporate bankers in markets throughout BB&T's franchise and nationally. We now have loan production offices in Chicago, Cincinnati, Dallas, Houston, Los Angeles, Louisville, New York and San Francisco. In 2014, we based a new corporate banking team in New York City to focus on developing new relationships and providing strategic financial advice to corporate and institutional clients in the Northeast. With a full complement of equity, debt, sales distribution, research, merger and acquisition and advisory capabilities ­ breadth few regional banks can match ­ BB&T is well positioned as corporate America expands investment in an improving economy. At the same time, we are expanding our retail reach with our fast-growing wealth business, which received 25,000 referrals from our community bank in 2014, and BB&T Scott & Stringfellow brokerage, which added 28 financial advisors. Insurance, a core BB&T business founded in 1922, is the biggest contributor to a diversified revenue stream, increasing its contribution to 18% in 2014 from 12% in 2005. In 2014, we expanded our presence on the Carolina coasts with the acquisition of Woodbury & Co. and our coverage of the aviation industry with our acquisition of Caledonian Insurance Group Inc. Insurance balances our interestrate-sensitive lending business, providing a stable revenue source resilient in all business cycles. Within the insurance segment, we are diversified between wholesale and retail and across all insurance types. From our clients' perspective, insurance products are a key complement to needed financial services,

Delivering All Components of Profitability
Strong Efficiency Ratio
70.0 % 65.0 60.8% 60.0 55.0 50.0
(Percent)

Solid Fee Income Ratio
46.0 % 44.3%
BB&T Peers The efficiency ratio reflects the cost to produce each dollar of revenue, expressed as a percentage, i.e., lower percentages represent more efficient operations. A higher fee income ratio indicates a bank is producing more of its net operating revenue from noninterest income, indicating more diverse sources of revenue.

63.4%

63.5%

63.7% 58.5%

63.5% 58.9%

44.0 42.5% 42.0 40.0 38.0
(Percent)

43.2%

41.0% 39.7% 38.0%

53.9%

55.2%

54.3%

37.5%

37.1%

37.7%

37.5%

45.0 2010 2011

4Q14 Efficiency 56.7% 2012 2013 2014

36.0 2010 2011

4Q14 Fee Income 45.8% 2012 2013 2014

Excludes securities gains (losses), foreclosed property expense, amortization of intangible assets, merger-related and restructuring charges, the impact of FDIC loss share accounting and other selected items. Refer to inside bank cover for appropriate disclosures. Peers include: CMA, FITB, HBAN, KEY, MTB, PNC, RF, STI, USB and ZION Source: SNL and Company Reports

14

GROWTH IN TEXAS

"BB&T has a way of doing business that people in Texas appreciate. They find a way to get it done without a lot of fanfare. We know they're going to be there for us."
Don Whitaker, chief financial officer, Keating Auto Group, Victoria, Texas

Ben Keating President, Keating Auto Group

Don Whitaker CFO, Keating Auto Group

Christian Corts BB&T Corporate Banking Manager, Houston/Central Texas

Glen Davis BB&T Market President, BryanCollege Station

BB&T and Keating Auto Group entered the Bryan-College Station market about the same time ­ BB&T with our acquisition of Citibank branches and Keating with the purchase of its 10th Texas dealership. It's a market both bank and auto dealer covet because of Bryan-College Station's vibrant economy, centered around booming Texas A&M University. BB&T's approach to the market impressed Keating CFO Don Whitaker during an introduction to the bank more than two years ago. That set

the stage for a wide-ranging relationship, from wholesale floorplan f inancing to working capital and merchant ser vices, when Keating purchased College Station Ford Lincoln in 2014. "Our business is based on relationships," said Mr. Whitaker. "We need a bank that offers the full spectrum of products, but also one we trust and feel comfortable with, and that finds solutions if we hit any bumps in the road. For us, that's BB&T."

'14 Annual Report

Equipment Finance: Serving Our Corporate Clients BB&T's Equipment Finance exemplifies our success in diversifying our sources of revenue with national businesses that offer our clients deep and specialized experience. Working in tandem with our corporate banking and capital markets teams, our equipment finance experts have compiled a six-year compound annual growth rate of 23%. In 2008, we made a commitment to expand nationally, helping middle-market and large corporate clients acquire essential capital equipment while managing their depreciation tax benefits. Since then, our average deal size has grown from $75,000 to $5 million. The types of equipment financed reflect the diverse needs of corporate America: manufacturing, construction, technology, medical, mining and all forms of transportation ­ land, rail, sea and air. In addition to constantly replacing their aging equipment, companies today are beginning to add new capital assets to take advantage of an improving economy. For example, we increased our focus on corporate aircraft leasing just as that sector began taking off again after the recession. One client, North Carolina-based Richard Childress Racing, uses its aircraft to transport pit crews to NASCAR races. John Preston, senior vice president of finance for Southern Wines & Spirits of America Inc., put it this way: "From start to finish of each transaction, the BB&T Equipment Finance team is an extremely customer-oriented business partner. I can count on them to be both responsive and competitive." BB&T leases delivery trucks, corporate aircraft and computer-driven warehouse conveyor equipment for the nation's largest wine and spirits distributor. Our equipment finance team knows the business well. President Tom Jaschik and Chief Operating Officer Connie Lancaster each have specialized in equipment finance for more than 30 years.
Equipment Finance: Six Years of Double-Digit Growth
Growth in Average Portfolio Balance
$3.00 6-Year Compound Annual Growth Rate 23% 2.50 2.00 1.50 $1.12 1.00 $0.78 0.50
(Billions)

opening doors to our bankers in all segments as a lead-in product to create new relationships. We see many opportunities ahead. One example: Our AmRisc subsidiary, which insures property against wind-related catastrophes, has been invited by the state of Florida to exclusively write commercial condominium coverage. Our specialized lending businesses add more geographic and revenue diversification because they are nationwide, are not linked to real estate and are primarily either consumer or small business finance. We have developed or acquired the businesses to provide additional products and services to our clients. Most businesses operate independently with a strong client base. Our specialized lending associates often are located alongside our community and corporate bankers, creating cross-selling opportunities for our associates and one-stop shopping for our clients. For example, we often provide insurance premium finance to our commercial insurance clients from AFCO/CAFO Prime Rate, one of the largest insurance premium finance companies in the U.S. and Canada. All of our specialized lending adheres to BB&T's strict credit quality standards. Regional Acceptance Corporation, for instance, remains very selective as a subprime lender in auto finance, booking only about 5% of applications. We typically do not convert traditional bankers into specialist roles. We recruit only the top specialists in their disciplines, with an average of 20-plus years of experience. Continue Efforts to Optimize BB&T's Risk Governance Framework, Including Capital and Liquidity Management, Positioning the Organization for Strategic Opportunities Our intent with BB&T's risk governance framework, as it is with every strategy, is to align our risk management with our vision, mission and values. Thus, we position ourselves from a risk standpoint for sustainable, resilient performance with less earnings variability and stable returns through all business conditions. We start with a conservative risk culture that has served us well during even the toughest economic cycles, including the most recent recession when BB&T was one of the few banks to remain profitable. But we recognize we must build on that solid credit foundation as BB&T gets bigger amid a zero-tolerance regulatory environment. Over the last two years, we have made enormous investments in people, systems and processes to build an integrated, comprehensive risk governance framework, including capital and liquidity management. Our new Enterprise Resource Planning system leapfrogs existing peer technologies and significantly reduces risk by providing consistent, reliable and reconcilable data and flexible, rapid reaction to upcoming regulatory changes, among many other capabilities. We stress role clarity and accountability at every level of the company. Every associate shares responsibility for some aspect of risk management, whether in a first-line business unit, in the risk organization or elsewhere in the company.
16

$2.68 $2.28

$1.93 $1.43

$1.24

0.00 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014

C A P I TA L M A N A G E M E N T

"Associates from throughout the bank have worked side by side to create risk management processes that we can all be proud of ­ and that will benefit BB&T and our shareholders for years to come."
Kevin Storm, BB&T Capital Management manager

Lloyd Francis Executive Vice President, BB&T Corporate Development and Capital Planning Manager

Tammy Watson Senior Vice President, BB&T Funds Management Simulation Manager

Kevin Storm Executive Vice President, BB&T Capital Management Manager

Jared Bogacki Vice President, BB&T ERM Credit Analytics Manager

Matt Carson Senior Vice President, BB&T Financial Planning Manager

Chris Brand Senior Vice President, BB&T Capital Planning and Strategy Manager

Over the last two years, hundreds of BB&T associates have spent long hours in an oftenunheralded area that is crucially important to our mission of optimizing the long-term return to our shareholders: building an integrated, comprehensive risk governance and capital management framework. Our more robust program allows us to more efficiently and effectively analyze risk, determine our capital adequacy and evaluate how we will perform in the "stress tests" used by regulators to gauge how banks fare under multiple economic scenarios. In turn,

our tremendous strides in those areas allow us to deploy our capital for vital purposes, including increasing our dividends and making the strategic investments essential to our growth. None of this would have been possible without the relentless efforts of cross-functional teams who met demanding deadlines developing, testing and reviewing our improved processes. Their work gives us a competitive advantage over our peers and supports BB&T's long-term growth for the benefit of our shareholders.

'14 Annual Report

Our framework is governed by very strict limits with rigorous inspection, whether on single-name exposures or portfolio concentrations, and we don't make exceptions. For example, we do not participate in high-risk ventures like leveraged lending. Quite simply, if we don't fully understand the risk, we don't feel we can manage it, and we don't participate. That does not mean we avoid risk; our strategy is to identify those areas where the risk is predictable and where we can be compensated for assuming it. So we focus on finding those businesses with the least amount of risk and the highest return opportunity with the least variability. One example: Sheffield Financial, BB&T's direct installment lender in power and sports equipment, with both strong credit quality and loan growth. A key lesson of the recession is the danger of too much concentration. Our five-year diversification plan has reduced exposure to more volatile real estate and increased our focus on more stable commercial and industrial and consumer loans, while also improving the mix of our deposit structure. One clear benefit of all our hard work in enhancing our risk governance framework is the operational freedom to act on strategic opportunities ­ a crucial advantage in today's regulatory environment when any gaps or deficiencies in a bank's risk system can quickly shut down strategic initiatives such as acquisitions. Of course, every bank claims to control risk. For an independent evaluation, we asked a leading consultant for exhaustive examination of BB&T's risk culture. The results: BB&T outperformed our peers on nine out of 10 key cultural parameters. "BB&T's risk culture, which is strongly conservative, influences the entire bank positively and significantly," the consultant wrote.

Aggressively Control Expenses While Optimizing Our Cost Structure by Reconceptualizing and Enhancing the Effectiveness of Our Businesses Our approach to increasing our efficiency and controlling our expenses underscores two of our fundamental beliefs at BB&T: We must think long term in setting our strategies, and we must be laser focused every day in executing those strategies. We have made very substantial, strategic investments in our people, processes and systems over the last two years to become more efficient in an environment of increasing competition and regulatory requirements. Investments in general ledger and commercial loan systems, for example, will allow us to significantly increase our cost savings and maximize our referrals and cross-selling revenue. Of course, investing in infrastructure increases costs over the shortterm. The good news is those higher expenses are largely behind us as we enter 2015 and, more importantly, we will begin to see the long-term benefits in greater efficiency. At the same time, we have been focused on executing our strategy by continuing to be brutally intense in controlling expenses, including closing suboptimal branches. We recognize that we cannot control some expenses, such as higher regulatory costs. Rather, we believe limiting expenses we can control must be a permanent mindset of every associate, every day, in every area of BB&T. We also are aggressively reconceptualizing and restructuring our businesses to operate more efficiently. Just as a top-down approach to layoffs is rarely effective, we do not mandate how our businesses are redesigned; we challenge and empower our associates closest to the business to show us a better way.

OUR VISION
To Create the Best Financial Institution Possible ­ "The Best of The Best"

OUR MISSION
To Make the World a Better Place to Live, By: Helping our Clients Achieve Economic Success and Financial Security; Creating a Place where our Associates can Learn, Grow and be Fulfilled in their Work; Making the Communities in which we Work Better Places to be; and thereby: Optimizing the Long-Term Return to our Shareholders, while Providing a Safe and Sound Investment.

18

'14 Annual Report

THANK YOU
Our long-term adherence to our culture, vision, mission and values is a shared commitment that has set BB&T apart for 143 years. I would like to express my deep appreciation to our talented executive management team, who lead that steadfast commitment every day. The team is relatively young in age, with an average age of 56. But it is very deep in experience, with an average of 30 years with BB&T, typically starting in our leadership development program. The guidance of BB&T's strong board of directors also has been crucial in helping me and our leadership team steer a steady course in a challenging, rapidly changing environment. We are excited that Susquehanna Chairman and CEO William J. Reuter and Susquehanna board member Christine Sears will join the BB&T board upon closing of that transaction. I am also indebted to every BB&T associate who shares the commitment to do our best for our clients as much as I do as CEO. During a talk to 500 Rotarians recently, a gentleman asked me to give one reason why he should bank with BB&T. My answer: Because our associates get up every morning focused on how we can help our clients be more successful. Consider the words of just one associate, Dontá Wilson, president of BB&T's Atlanta-based Northern Georgia region, in a recent interview: "For me, being a banker is not a job or a career. It's a calling to do meaningful, impactful, purposeful work.... Bankers do the noble work of caring for and educating our fellow neighbors so that we can change our neighbors' financial trajectory and give them an opportunity to achieve economic success and financial security." His words underscore why our common culture is so powerful, and what makes me proud of all of our associates and confident about our future. The naysayers say the U.S. has seen its best days and focus on our industry's difficulties. We absolutely reject that. The U.S. capitalistic system is the greatest economic engine in the world. At BB&T, we know each day will bring challenges and opportunities. We confront the challenges but don't obsess over them. We look for the potential, rather than the flaws, so we can identify and take advantage of all the opportunities. We maintain an enthusiastic, positive attitude. Despite a challenging regulatory and business environment, BB&T is well positioned to take advantage of our opportunities and leverage our strengths, ultimately achieving our long-term purpose of rewarding our shareholders for their investments. Our opportunities are enormous. We have outstanding core markets, with expansion opportunities when they arise and make sense. We have outstanding products and services. We have an outstanding leadership team, board of directors and associates. With a shared commitment to growth, leadership, our culture and the success of our clients, and with your continuing support, I am confident that BB&T's best days are ahead.

Kelly S. King, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 23, 2015

OUR VALUES

19

