06

2008 Annual Review

"Our strong capital levels and balance sheet allow us to continue making loans sorely needed by our good clients and communities."

To Our Shareholders:
As I become CEO of BB&T, I pledge to stay true to the values of your company and my predecessors by communicating honestly and facing up to reality: The banking industry is experiencing very difficult times. The challenges are unprecedented and daunting. BB&T faces some of the same pressures that have caused this crisis of confidence in our industry and country. However, because we have stuck to our values and stayed focused on our long-term objectives, I am pleased to report that BB&T remains strong and profitable. Your company ranks among the top performers in the financial services industry, and as a result is attracting new depositors and borrowers. Unlike many of our competitors, BB&T largely avoided subprime mortgages and other exotic loans and investments because of our disciplined lending and risk management standards. Our strong capital levels and balance sheet allow us to continue making loans sorely needed by our good clients and communities. In this report, we have highlighted several examples where BB&T's greater financial strength helped our bankers reach out to meet the needs of new and existing clients. Our fundamental banking strengths, underlying revenue engine and consistent earnings power are reflected by a number of positive indicators: growth in loans and deposits as well as the fee income that diversifies our income stream, and improvement in net interest income and operating efficiency. That said, we must be resolute to meet the challenges that will continue to test us in 2009. Residential real estate lending remains a core business for BB&T, and we expect continued weakening in that sector at least in the first half of 2009. We have allocated more resources to resolve problem loans while also working with our real estate clients to help them get through these difficult times. Let me emphasize, however, that I have never been more optimistic about the long-term outlook for your company. As the financial markets stabilize, BB&T's position and performance relative to our peers will stand out like the beacon on the lighthouse that you see on the cover of this report. Our stature and strength will enable us to seize exciting new opportunities. Guided by the same values we've practiced since our founding in 1872, I firmly believe our best days are ahead.



07

Kelly S. King President and Chief Executive Officer

08

2008 Annual Review

2008 Results
BB&T's results reflect the difficult and unprecedented operating environment in 2008, but we substantially outperformed our peers and demonstrated consistent underlying earnings power. Net income for the year totaled $1.5 billion, or $2.71 per diluted share, reflecting decreases of 13.6% and 13.7%, respectively, compared to 2007. This reflects the best performance in our peer group of 13 similarly sized commercial banks. By contrast, our peer group's earnings per share decreased an average of 203% in 2008. Excluding net aftertax merger-related and restructuring charges or credits from nonrecurring items from 2008 and 2007, BB&T's operating earnings for 2008 totaled $1.4 billion, a decrease of 21.3% compared to the prior year. On a diluted per share basis, operating earnings per share were $2.49, a 21.5% decrease compared to 2007. While we are certainly disappointed with these results after 26 consecutive years of record operating earnings, our overall results reflect a number of positive developments that position us to again achieve superior results as markets stabilize. Our core banking operations showed solid growth, reflecting a "flight to quality" as we have captured very good lending and deposit relationships from competitors with weakened balance sheets. In the fourth quarter of 2008, BB&T saw 20% growth in commercial and industrial loans, including a significant increase in the healthcare sector. For the year, average total loans and leases increased by 8.2% compared to 2007. Average deposits were up 6.4%. The pace of deposit growth accelerated throughout the fourth quarter, and we added 94,000 net new accounts during the year. Revenue from BB&T's fee income-producing businesses increased during 2008 by 15.2% to $3.2 billion, which represents 41.4% of total revenues. That included an 8.8% gain for BB&T's insurance operations and record revenues from investment banking and brokerage operations. We experienced further increases in our levels of nonperforming assets and credit losses as a result of the distressed residential real estate markets and economic recession. The increases in credit problems and the provision for credit losses were the biggest cause of our lower earnings, as we have worked to stay ahead of growing credit issues as the economy deteriorated. Nonperforming loans, as a percentage of total assets, were 1.34% at December 31, 2008, compared to .52% a year earlier. Net charge-offs increased to .89% of average loans and leases for the year, up from .38% a year earlier. Excluding specialized lending, the loss ratio for the year was .69%, compared to .21% in 2007.   Our problem loans are primarily focused in Florida, Atlanta and metropolitan Washington, D.C., where home prices fell sharply from highly inflated levels. We have experienced fewer problems in our core markets, where price volatility has been more moderate.



09

"It's nice to know banking can still be about relationships. BB&T really cares about us and our mission of helping kids go to college."
  Chuck Sanders, President & CEO, South Carolina Student Loan Corporation

This nonprofit company that administers the Federal Family Education Loan Program was in a bind last year that threatened its ability to provide funds to students attending some 55 colleges in South Carolina. Last year Congress increased the maximum annual loan limit for students, suddenly and dramatically increasing the demand for funding ­ and exceeding the money raised in the bond market to fund the loans. The company needed a line of credit, quickly, to meet its commitment of providing more than $600 million for student loans. Despite a severe credit crunch that prompted many banks to sharply curtail lending, BB&T regional leaders ­ including state president Mike Brenan and corporate banker Bo Armstrong ­ responded with a $175 million line of credit. Included was an immediate $25 million infusion so funding was not cut off to about 115,000 students depending on the money. The effectiveness of BB&T's response was due to a strong relationship built by bankers such as institutional services officer Donna Price.

Left to Right

Tyler M. Spain, Charleston Southern University, 2006; Bo Armstrong, BB&T Senior Vice President/Regional Corporate Banker; Donna Price, BB&T Vice President, Institutional Services; C.C. "Chuck" Sanders, Jr., South Carolina Student Loan Corporation, President & CEO; Stephanie C. Couch, North Greenville University, 2006

10

2008 Annual Review

While we anticipate further increases in nonperforming assets and charge-offs into 2009, it is worth noting that our level of problem credits is substantially better than our peers. At December 31, 2008, our national peers' nonperforming loans, as a percentage of total assets, were 1.88%, while their net charge-offs were 1.57% of average loans and leases.   BB&T's capital position remains strong at a time when erosion of financial institutions' capital strength has been a growing concern. At December 31, 2008, our Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio and total risk-based capital ratio were 12.3% and 17.4%, respectively, up from 9.1% and 14.2% a year earlier. BB&T's risk-based capital ratios rank first among our peer group and are well above regulatory standards for well-capitalized banks. The increases in regulatory capital reflect in part a $3.1 billion capital investment by the U.S. Treasury as part of its Capital Purchase Program in the fourth quarter of 2008, in exchange for preferred stock in BB&T. We accepted the investment only because financial institutions were strongly encouraged to participate, and BB&T would have been put at a competitive disadvantage if we had declined. Consistent with the spirit of the federal government's efforts to thaw frozen credit markets, BB&T has developed new initiatives to aggressively lend to a wide variety of clients. In the fourth quarter of 2008, we tracked an initial estimate of $1.6 billion in lending and commitments to lend that would not have occurred without funds from the Capital Purchase Program. Having said that, we intend to repay the government investment as soon as possible and free BB&T from the accompanying excessive government regulation, which is inconsistent with our free-market principles and harmful to shareholders. In summary, despite a very challenging banking environment, BB&T's results demonstrated a strong underlying economic engine. For 2008, our cash basis return on average assets was 1.11%, our cash basis return on average common equity was 19.30% and our pre-tax, pre-provision earnings increased 11.1% from a year earlier. In addition, our results produced positive operating leverage in every quarter of 2008 and for the full year. While those results are certainly lower than BB&T's historical numbers, they are among the strongest results in the financial services industry.

industry leading capital levels
tier 1 capital 12.00 % 12.3%

total capital 18.00 % 17.4% 16.00

10.00

14.00 12.00

8.00 10.00 6.00
BB&T Peers

8.00 6.00 4.00 '04 '05 '06 '07 '08 '04 '05 '06 '07 '08
BB&T Peers

4.00



Best Bank in Town since 1872

11

Our Stock Performance
Our ultimate purpose is to create superior, long-term economic rewards for our shareholders. Shares of financial services' companies have been among the hardest hit by the sharp decline in the stock markets. BB&T has been no exception, but our share price has held up substantially better than our peers. For the periods ended December 31, 2008, we outperformed our peer group over the last 1, 3, 5, 10, 15 and 20 years. Even considering the erosion of bank share prices that started in 2007, a $100 investment in BB&T shares in 1995 was worth nearly $324 on December 31, 2008 -- significantly better than our peers and the S&P 500. We also view our dividends as a very important responsibility at BB&T, which is largely owned by retail rather than institutional shareholders. In 2008, when many of our peers were forced to slash or even eliminate their dividends, we increased BB&T's cash dividend by 2.2% compared to the prior year. That marks the 37th consecutive year that we have increased our dividend and the company has paid a dividend every year since 1903. For the 10 years ended December 31, 2008, our dividends have increased at a compound annual growth rate of 10.9%, compared   to 5.8% for the S&P 500, a record that makes us very proud. In today's volatile economic environment, we cannot make long-term or even intermediate-term predictions about our future dividends. In addition, recent government actions raise even greater uncertainty about future capital needs. BB&T's board of directors will continue to assess the s situation every quarter, taking into consideration our responsibilities to all of our constituencies. BB&T was one of only four banks in 2008 that still ranked as a Standard and Poor's Dividend Aristocrat, which requires 25 consecutive years of dividend increases. Five of our peers were dropped from the list for 2008. We also again were recognized as a Mergent Dividend Achiever -- a designation received by only 2% of 14,000 publicly traded companies.

total compound annual return to shareholders
December 31, 2008BB&T S&P 500National Peers

Dividend Payout Ratio
70 % 60 50 40 30 20 10 0 '98 '99 '00 '01 '02 '03 '04 '05 '06 '07 '08
In percentage

1 Year 3 Year 5 Year 10 Year 15 Year 20 Year

-4.6 % -8.7 -2.4 -0.2 10.7 11.2

-36.8 % -8.3 -2.2 -1.4 6.4 8.4

-40.7 % -24.5 -14.1 -5.4 5.5 8.7

68.1%

12

2008 Annual Review

Our Values
At BB&T, there are three non-negotiables: our vision to create the best financial institution possible, our mission, and our values. All are deeply rooted in our history and culture, form the basis of our corporate identity and have been the most significant reasons for our success. Everything else is strategic and tactical, such as how we adapt BB&T's business plan to certain market or economic conditions. Many companies focus almost exclusively on strategy and tactics, and that can lead to problems when the environment changes. The current highly volatile, distressed environment is unprecedented, so the decisions we've made many times before under very different conditions may not be appropriate today. We are guided instead by underlying values that never change. These values, depicted in the accompanying illustration, are practical habits that guide our everyday behaviors and relationships with our clients, employees, shareholders and the communities we serve. Our values also form the foundation of how we develop leaders at BB&T. BB&T's leadership model starts with our values and what we believe. Those values lead to behaviors, which in turn lead to results. For example, we ingrain in our employees that honesty and integrity mean keeping agreements and never compromising principles for short-term benefit. Acknowledging reality and thinking independently mean making logical decisions, based on the facts. Consider how these values, and the leadership principles based on them, are responsible for our results as a company in today's difficult environment. We make rational loan decisions, avoiding the riskiest loans and investments that others have made, which produces stronger performance relative to our peers. We fully disclose pertinent issues and risks and take a long-term perspective that protects the interests of clients and shareholders. As independent thinkers, we do not go along with the crowd and offer exotic mortgages that are rarely in the best interest of the borrower, or the bank. Everything we do at BB&T -- regardless of the economic climate -- is consistent with our values.



13

Our Mission
To Make the World a Better Place to Live, By: · Helping our Clients Achieve Economic Success and Financial Security; · Creating a Place where our Employees can Learn, Grow and be Fulfilled in their Work; · Making the Communities in which we Work Better Places to be; and thereby: · Optimizing the Long-Term Return to our Shareholders, while Providing a Safe and Sound Investment.

14

2008 Annual Review

Key Strategic Objectives for 2009
At a time of great volatility and uncertainty facing the banking industry and overall economy, it never has been more important to stay focused on BB&T's long-standing goal: to create a high-performance financial services organization that can prosper in a rapidly changing, highly competitive and globally integrated environment. Individual strategies and tactics may change, but we remain committed to achieving our goal with a superior earnings-per-share growth rate, without sacrificing the fundamental quality and long-term competitiveness of our business, nor taking unreasonable risk. BB&T's long-term strategy is built around four overriding principles:  · Client-driven service that consistently provides better value through  rational innovation and productivity improvement  · Rational risk taking and exceptional risk management  · Superior earnings growth  · Targeted and consistent investments for the future In 2009, we face unprecedented challenges. The overall economy is likely to get worse before it gets better. Most economists predict contraction in the nation's gross domestic product in 2009. BB&T's 2009 plan is based on continued weakening in mortgage valuations and higher unemployment rates in the first half of the year, with some initial signs of recovery evident by the end of the year. The forecast for 2010 to 2014 is more encouraging; with slow to moderate average GDP growth and moderate inflation and interest rates. But to survive and enjoy those better times, financial services firms must overcome a daunting array of challenges, including brutal competition, excess capacity, higher regulatory costs and the need for continuous innovation and productivity. We continue to believe we will see significant consolidation in our industry. In a decade or so we believe there will be 10 to 15 financial services firms that will be dominant. We firmly believe that BB&T will be one of these institutions. BB&T's strategic objectives for 2009 are consistent with our long-term goals and principles.

Operating Earnings
$2,000

AMOUNTS AVAILABLE TO COMMON SHAREHOLDERS

1,500

$1,376

1,000
In millions of dollars As originally reported 15-year compound annual growth rate of 19.2%

500

0 '93 '94 '95 '96 '97 '98 '99 '00 '01 '02 '03 '04 '05 '06 '07 '08

15

"BB&T just plain outworked everyone else to get our business. You pick up the phone and you get an answer immediately."
 John Vithoulkas, Director of Finance, Henrico County, Virginia

BB&T was selected over four competitors to handle the complex banking needs of this suburban county near Richmond, with its $1 billion-plus budget and population of 305,000. Among the reasons cited by Mr. Vithoulkas: a strong balance sheet at a time of public concern about the banking system; insightful investment advice about the municipal bond market from BB&T affiliate Sterling Capital Management, LLC; and the ability to seamlessly and quickly help implement the county's move to accept on-line payments for utilities and other services. But what sealed the deal was the personal commitment of BB&T bankers, including business deposits officer Vanessa Hampton, corporate banker Susan Raher and central Virginia regional president Andy Hughes. "That made a big impression on me and the county," Mr. Vithoulkas says.

Left to Right

Vanessa Hampton, Vice President, Business Deposits Officer; Roger Lowe, Vice President, Payment Services; Angie Brown, Merchant Services Sales Consultant; Andy Hughes, Central Virginia Regional President; Susan Raher, Senior Vice President, Regional Corporate Banker; James Welsh, Business Services Officer; Henry Jackson III, Financial Center Leader

16

2008 Annual Review

Effectively manage through the credit cycle

The number one driver of performance in 2009, as in 2008, will be asset quality. For BB&T, the biggest challenge remains the weak residential real estate market because we are a large lender in home equity, mortgage lending and residential construction. We expect further slow deterioration in our overall real estate portfolio due to lower home prices and higher unemployment. However, our levels of nonperforming assets and charge-offs are better than our peers, and we expect them to remain so. In addition, we will focus on markets we know and where we have long-standing relationships with home builders and other real estate borrowers. We began tightening our lending standards in August 2005, before significant deterioration of real estate portfolios. In 2008, we further intensified efforts to resolve problem credits, including pursuing deeds in lieu of foreclosure programs and more aggressive legal proceedings, while also continuing to work cooperatively with borrowers to help them work through their problems. We also are continuing to diversify our lending portfolio. For example, we have reduced BB&T's exposure to residential acquisition, development and construction loans by $744 million, or 8.5% since December 31, 2007. Those loans accounted for 8.1% of total loans at December 31, 2008, down from 9.5% a year earlier. We anticipate further diversification into additional commercial and industrial lending -- which performed well in 2008 despite economic conditions -- as well as small business lending as our competitors pull back due to liquidity concerns.
Achieve Superior Revenue Growth

For the last two decades, Wall Street and the capital markets have gained clients at the expense of traditional banks. On the loan side, investment banks and conduit lenders that pool assets and sell them to other lenders or investors have been able to cut prices because of lower reserve requirements. On the deposit side, traditional banks lost customers who moved their money from certificates of deposit to higher-yielding mutual funds -- sometimes in the mistaken belief that mutual funds were as secure as bank deposits. Now, with the problems facing Wall Street firms, many of those loans and deposits are coming back to traditional banks like BB&T. BB&T is attracting new banking relationships, often long-term ones from weakened competitors that are unable to provide credit to quality clients. At a time when some other banks are hunkering down, BB&T is displaying banners outside our branches, saying we are making loans. Our loan and deposit spreads also are improving as appropriate risk premiums move steadily back into loan pricing.

Investing for the future
organic growth investments $450 400 350 300 250
In millions of dollars

2008 investments in acquisitions

$395

200 '06 '07 '08 '09 Projected

Ott & Company Ramsey Title Group Burkey Risk Services Savannah Reinsurance Underwriting Management Premier Benefits Group UnionBanc Insurance Services Puckett, Sheetz & Hogan Southern Risk Holdings, Inc. Commercial Title Group J. Rolfe Davis Insurance Agency TapCo Underwriters, Inc. Haven Trust Bank Live Oak Capital Ltd.



Best Bank in Town since 1872

17

Market Coverage

!

BB&T Headquarters BB&T Community BB&T Capital Markets AFCO/CAFO/Prime Rate Commercial Finance Equipment Finance Governmental Finance Grandbridge Real Estate Capital Insurance Lendmark Financial Services Regional Acceptance SBA Group Scott & Stringfellow Sheffield Financial Sterling Capital

BB&T Deposit Market Share and Branch Locations by State
 BranchesMarket Share1 % of BB&T's Deposits

Virginia2 North Carolina2 Georgia Maryland South Carolina Florida Kentucky West Virginia Tennessee Washington, D.C. Alabama Indiana

392 360 162 129 117 107 91 78 58 12 3 2

2nd 2nd 5th 6th 3rd 11th 4th 1st 6th 7th -- --

25 % 26 11 8 8 5 5 6 3 1  Incidental presence in Alabama and --  Indiana; December 31, 2008  Excludes home office deposits --
1 2

18

2008 Annual Review

Even though economic times are difficult, I believe it would be a mistake to ignore investing in the revenue engine of our company. We plan to accelerate organic growth by reinvesting in current facilities and opening five more de novo branches, adding to the 106 de novo branches opened in the last three years. We plan to generate more than 100,000 net new transaction accounts, adding to the 94,000 generated in 2008. We anticipate further boosting the percentage of households with five or more products or services, which increased from 31% in 2007 to 34.4% in 2008. We plan new enhancements to online banking, used by more than 3 million clients in 2008, a 21% increase from 2007. We will continue to leverage our effective sales and service systems: the BB&T Decathlon, Integrated Relationship Management, Consultative Sales and Store Ownership. We will target key growth opportunities such as the multicultural and student markets. We expect extensive consolidation in the financial services industry as a result of the weakened condition of some companies. BB&T will continue to focus expansion of our core banking in BB&T's current 11-state banking footprint, assuring any merger transactions are economically attractive. At the same time, we will continue to expand our nonbanking activities across the U.S. In particular, we plan to continue bolstering the position of BB&T Insurance Services, which completed 11 acquisitions in 2008 and now is the nation's sixth-largest insurance agency business. Among other gains, those purchases gave BB&T the largest insurance market share in greater Myrtle Beach, South Carolina; created a presence in the Orlando market; and expanded our share in California, the top state for insurance values. In addition, acquisitions in 2008 expanded our operations in wholesale insurance and in insurance premium financing, where we are the nation's second-largest provider and the largest in Canada. For 2008, revenues from insurance operations increased by 8.8%. By continuing to diversify BB&T's sources of income and adding predictable fee-based businesses like insurance, we become an even more balanced company, less dependent on our real-estate business and consequently less challenged by future economic cycles.

return on assets
2.00 % 1.50 1.00 0.50 0.00 -0.50 -1.00 '04 '05 '06 '07 '08
BB&T Peers

return on common equity
20.00 % 15.00 1.11% 10.00 5.00 0.00 -5.00 -10.00 '04 '05 '06 '07 '08
BB&T Peers

11.44%



19

"BB&T was by far the best, quickest and most cost-effective response. Their bankers not only earned our business. They earned our trust."
  Michael D. Scherneck, Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer, Southeast Georgia Health System

This regional hospital authority based in Brunswick, Georgia, was faced with millions of dollars in additional financing costs when the credit markets froze last year, raising its interest rate on auction-rate securities from 3% to 12% virtually overnight. Within eight days, BB&T corporate banker Danny Smith, investment banker Tad Melton, city executive Lance Turpin and their teams responded with short- and long-term alternative financing options that larger competitors, including the client's long-time bank, couldn't match. For the hospital authority, the quick response averted losses that could have wiped out its annual profit and allowed it to move ahead with new maternity and orthopedic care centers. For BB&T, stepping up to meet a pressing need yielded a loyal new customer, new business for Capital Markets and Institutional Services ­ and ATMs in three new locations.

Left to Right

Lance Turpin, BB&T Vice President and Brunswick/St. Simons Island City Executive; Michael D. Scherneck, Southeast Georgia Health System, Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer; Gary R. Colberg, FACHE, Southeast Georgia Health System, President & CEO; Lisa A. Morgan, Southeast Georgia Health System, Director of Finance; Danny Smith, BB&T Senior Vice President and Corporate Banker; Tad Melton, BB&T Capital Markets, Vice President-Investment Banker

20

2008 Annual Review

"Highest in Customer Satisfaction among Mortgage Servicing Companies, Two Years in a Row"

Create the Perfect Client Experience

At BB&T, we believe sales and service are inextricably connected. We sell value, not price. While price always matters, we deliver the greatest value to the client. At the core of BB&T's Perfect Client Experience initiative is employee training and leadership programs that stress creating meaningful client relationships by providing service that is reliable, responsive, empathetic and competent. Our community bank structure allows us to offer unmatched service because virtually all decisions are made locally. Our 33 regions are each headed by an empowered regional president. Our client service is highly decentralized, giving BB&T a competitive advantage against the mega banks. On the other hand, our highly centralized support activities give us an edge over community banks because of our expansive services -- better-equipped employees, superior technology and a broader array of products and services. National awards attest to our client service record. J.D. Power and Associates* again awarded BB&T its top national ranking for mortgage servicing in its annual study of more than 10,000 clients and 26 companies. Maritz Research's survey of clients of BB&T and our in-market competitors showed we ranked number one in overall retail client satisfaction and most likely to remain a client. In business banking, Greenwich Associates awarded BB&T national honors in overall satisfaction and satisfaction in personal banking and treasury management. Among other awards, we were named the top small-business-friendly bank by the U.S. Small Business Administration and the most prestigious regional bank wealth manager by the Luxury Institute. Our workforce education programs received the second-highest rating for a U.S.-based financial institution by Training magazine.

Overall Bank Satisfaction**
BB&T SunTrust Wachovia Bank of America 56% 60% 64% 68% 72% 70.8%

Likelihood to Remain**
BB&T SunTrust Wachovia Bank of America 74% 78% 82% 86% 85.2%

**In percentage  From Maritz Research Retail Client Satisfaction Survey,   represents percentage of "top box" scores, indicating a 9 or   10 rating on a 10-point scale

*Branch Banking and Trust received the highest numerical score among mortgage servicers in the  proprietary J.D. Power and Associates 2007-2008 Primary Mortgage Servicer StudiesSM. In 2008 the   study was based on responses from 10,241 consumers measuring 26 companies and measures the   satisfaction of consumers with their current mortgage servicer. Proprietary study results are based   on experiences and perceptions of consumers surveyed in August 2008. Your experiences may vary.   Visit jdpower.com



Best Bank in Town since 1872

21

"Our community bank structure allows us to offer unmatched service because virtually all decisions are made locally."
Community Banking Regions

FLORIDA

MARYLAND

SOUTH CAROLINA

WASHINGTON, D.C.

East Gulf Coast North
GEORGIA

Baltimore Metro Chesapeake
NORTH CAROLINA

Midlands Upstate Coastal
TENNESSEE

Washington, D.C.
WEST VIRGINIA

Mid-South North North Atlanta South Atlanta
KENTUCKY

Western Louisville Metro Central

Charlotte Metro Eastern Northeast South Central Southeast Triad Triangle Western

Central North

East
VIRGINIA

Blue Ridge Battlefield Central Fairfax Hampton Roads Southwest

22

2008 Annual Review

Control Cost: Maximize Economic Profit

BB&T is one of the nation's most efficient banking companies, but we cannot become complacent. The emergence of mammoth financial services companies, accelerated by government-aided consolidation in 2008, means we must continue to be more efficient in order to compete. In addition, as we allocate more resources to mitigate credit problems and face higher FDIC insurance expenses in 2009, cost control is absolutely crucial. For the second consecutive year, we reduced our number of employees while avoiding the major layoffs that many of our competitors have announced. Our efficiency ratio -- basically, the cost required to generate each dollar of revenue -- improved to 51.3% for 2008 from 51.6% for 2007. It improved to 50.6% in the fourth quarter of 2008, moving toward our goal of below 50%. Our 2009 plan calls for holding the increase in noninterest expenses to between 2% and 4% compared to 2008.

Cash Basis Efficiency Ratio
60%

Fee Income Ratio
45% 40.3%

51.3% 50 30

40
In percentage Based on cash basis operating earnings

15
In percentage Based on operating earnings

30 '04 '05 '06 '07 '08

0 '04 '05 '06 '07 '08



23

Thank you
In closing, I want to salute another key BB&T officer who, like John Allison, has built a solid foundation for our future. Ken Chalk, who served as chief credit officer from 1983 until he retired in 2008, largely created the credit culture that has kept BB&T strong through all types of economic cycles, including the current challenging environment. We will greatly miss Ken's counsel, just as we have great confidence in his successor, Clarke Starnes, who has worked closely with Ken for 25 years. I also would like to congratulate Chris Henson on his promotion to chief operating officer. Chris, a 24-year veteran of BB&T, previously served as chief financial officer, and will provide important insight in his new role. Also, I would like to welcome Daryl Bible as our new chief financial officer. Daryl is a proven leader who joined BB&T in 2008 after a distinguished 24-year career with U.S. Bancorp. When I was named to succeed John as chief executive officer of BB&T, my thoughts centered on the difficulties surrounding the banking industry. I have always believed the true test of any organization comes in the toughest times. In the last six months, we have seen some of the oldest names on Wall Street and in banking stumble and fall. The casualties of this greatest test of our careers are a constant reminder of the penalty if we fail to stay intensely focused on our long-term objectives and underlying values. At the same time, the extraordinary conditions in our industry create extraordinary opportunities for BB&T. Now is our time to take advantage of all the hard work and dedication that long have been hallmarks of BB&T. Over the last 136 years, BB&T has survived recessions and depressions, world wars, energy crises and other domestic and international struggles. Our strategies are sound and our people are grounded in proven values. These are challenging times indeed, but I am confident BB&T will be successful because of our great heritage, relatively healthy markets, talented employees, loyal clients and steadfast shareholders. My thanks to each of you as owners of BB&T. With your continued support, I am confident our best days are ahead.

Kelly S. King President and Chief Executive Officer February 26, 2009

