  Customer Loyalty
    34%
36%
 FY 03 FY 04 FY 05
36%
   We believe that expanding our service offerings can boost customer loyalty (percentage of customers rating us 5 on a 5-point scale)
which is measured in online customer surveys every week.
  Employee Engagement
     3.8
4.0
4.1
  FY 03 FY 04 FY 05
  One simple reason employees were more engaged in their work last year is they knew more about what was expected of them.
Source: Gallup survey, using 5-point scale
         Dear Shareholders
Over the years, our most significant advances as a company generally have resulted from periods of stress. For example, our move to a superstore format with great brands at fair prices was precipitated by a 1981 tornado that nearly demolished our most profitable store. Similarly, our “process to profits” initiative, which enabled us to lead the industry with a 5-percent operating income rate, was born in the aftermath of a major financial crisis in 1996.
Today, in contrast, we are transforming the company despite being at the top of our game. We are the No.1 retailer of consumer electronics in North America. Our sales productivity per square foot exceeds that of many other retailers. Our earnings growth in the past decade has averaged 36 percent. Yet we believe that we can accelerate our organic growth and boost our returns for shareholders by investing in our two greatest assets, our customers and our employees.
Acting on Customer Insights
The idea was grounded in insights gleaned from data
we had collected on 60 million U.S. households, spanning more than five years. Our analysis showed that the top
20 percent of customers generated more than 100 percent of the profits, and that our customers are hardly a mono- lithic group. These insights come alive when paired with employee training in financial acumen and an owner/ operator culture. Our new operating model, which we call customer centricity, gives our employees more power to tailor
their store, their product assortments and their service to the unique needs of specific customer segments who shop in our stores. We believe that this operating model further differentiates Best Buy from mass merchants, direct retailers and online players. These competitors generally do not offer our assortments of brands, our level of services, our expertise on digital lifestyles or a fun in-store experience.
At the same time, customer centricity enables us to take advantage of current gaps in the marketplace. For example, changing competitive dynamics have left a gap in the marketplace for serving affluent, early adopters of tech- nology. Nor do we see an integrated, holistic provider of services to small businesses with fewer than 20 employees. Upscale suburban moms represent another growth oppor- tunity for us. Finally, we know we also must protect the customer segments we have served for years, including families that are practical adopters of technology as well as young technology enthusiasts.
Putting People First, Products Second
Admittedly, Best Buy’s transformation began as a top-down effort. We began by fostering an owner/operator culture at a small number of lab stores, which developed new ways to meet the needs of specific customer segments. In essence, these stores served as our R&D arm for researching customer segments and the value propositions that matter to them. The lab stores delivered impressive top-line results, which
Best Buy 05 Annual Report 1

   DESIGNING STORES FOR PEOPLE, NOT PRODUCTS
Upscale suburban moms buy our products and services for their husbands, their kids and themselves. They have an increasing influence on purchasing decisions in our stores. But until recently, shopping at Best Buy wasn’t always their favorite pastime. Then we started focusing specifically on suburban moms as a customer segment and listened to their needs. We lowered the noise level in the stores, offered personal shopping assistants and retrained our associates to use less-technical jargon and to focus
on helping moms find the best solutions for their families. Soon all we heard were compliments.
 2 Best Buy 05 Annual Report
 Fast Forward   CUSTOMER
CENTERED
A busy mom has little time or desire to research technology.
I love helping her choose the right digital camera. It’s really about helping her learn and capture her family memories; that’s so much more than just selling a product.
– Best Buy personal shopping assistant
       
  Diluted Earnings Per Share
 (from continuing operations)
  $2.79
 $2.41
  $1.90
 FY 03 FY 04 FY 05
  Fiscal 2005 diluted earnings per share from continuing operations grew 16 percent, reflecting revenue growth, increased efficiency, higher net interest income and a lower effective income tax rate.
  Revenue
 (U.S. dollars in millions)
  $27,433
    $24,548
  $20,943
 FY 03 FY 04 FY 05
  Our fiscal 2005 revenue growth reflected the opening of new stores and a comparable store sales gain of 4.3 percent.
         gave the initiative momentum. Last year, we replicated and built on their performance using a group of 67 segmented stores. Customers clearly indicated through their purchases that they preferred this new operating model.
Unleashing the Power of Our Employees
How is a customer-centric store different? The main improvement is our approach to our employees. We expose our employees to the customer segments that visit our stores and train them to identify unmet needs. We encourage employees to ask customers lifestyle questions and engage in fresh dialog so that they can recommend suitable solutions. Then we train employees to hypothesize, test and verify new ways to meet specific needs of the local population. We also build employees’ financial acumen, so they can link new offerings with daily profit-and-loss statements. They begin to act like owner/operators, and they can more clearly envision a career at Best Buy. Ultimately, their creativity and ingenuity become an engine for innovation for our stores and for the company as a whole. I believe that driving innovation deeper into the organization will enable us to generate new growth platforms faster and help sustain the company over the long term.
For example, upscale suburban moms have the resources to purchase digital products and appreciate the many uses of technology, but they aren’t always comfortable shopping in our stores. In our labs, we added highly trained personal shopping assistants (PSAs) who are available by appointment and on a drop-in basis. While most employees work in only one product area, PSAs help moms shop for themselves
and their families in all parts of our stores. When these moms used a personal shopper, their average spending increased dramatically. Moms also appreciated touches such as the lower volumes of overhead music, race-car shopping carts and well-signed restrooms.
Boosting Our Returns
Our culture is scorecard-driven, so we track a plethora of financial and nonfinancial measures for customer centricity. For example, these stores generally have had a comparable store sales gain at least twice that of the rest of the chain. They have a gross profit rate higher than that of the rest of the chain. While the more highly trained employees and start-up expenses result in a higher expense rate, these stores have demonstrated the strong potential to expand their overall profit contribution. In addition, our measures of customer loyalty, market share and employee retention are very encouraging.
We believe that the financial training, clearly defined segments and daily reporting reduce the overall risk of this endeavor. In fact, the primary constraints we face in accelerating this strategy are our ability to attract and retain the right talent, as well as the patience to allow customer centricity stores the time to make the transition and to achieve their profitability goals. Other challenges are ongoing, such as the commoditization we face in several product categories and issues related to vendors’ profitability which could affect their ability to invest in product R&D over time.
Best Buy 05 Annual Report 3

   GROWING ORGANICALLY THROUGH NEW CUSTOMER SEGMENTS
We see opportunity in North American businesses with 20 or fewer employees, which spend an estimated $350 billion annually on information technology. At our Best Buy for Business stores, we offer deep assortments in computing and applications. Business professionals in our stores guide small-business owners to solutions that work, and we complement that with Best Buy’s Geek Squad services.
  4 Best Buy 05 Annual Report
   Data restoration doesn’t sound that rewarding as a career. But I got a rush when I recovered the payroll data for a contractor so he could cut his payroll checks on time. Now he calls me his CIO.
– Geek Squad agent
Fast Forward EXPERT SUPPORT
     
   Operating Income Rate
 (from continuing operations)
  5.3%
5.3%
    4.8%
 FY 03 FY 04 FY 05
  The operating income rate in fiscal 2005 was steady, as decreased incentive pay and higher efficiency offset increased promotional activity.
Return on Invested Capital
 (from continuing operations)
  18.7% 15.7%
20.0%
  FY 03 FY 04 FY 05
  We boosted our ROIC by cutting the cost of opening new stores while improving our sales productivity at existing stores.
         By the end of fiscal 2006, we expect approximately one- third of our U.S. stores will be fully converted to the customer- centric operating model, including not only the training but also new employee positions, expanded assortments and, in some cases, new fixtures. The remaining two-thirds of the stores will have begun their own transformation with the help of the training programs and the assignment of customer segments. In addition, we plan to continue operating lab stores; their role is to test new offerings that can be rapidly implemented across the chain and to explore other potential customer segments.
Yes, we are accelerating our transformation to customer centricity. There will be no turning back.
It is perhaps a natural evolution of the business. We began as a product-centric company, seeking to grow fast enough to survive rampant consolidation in the industry. We then became process-focused, searching for the economies of scale that would deliver a stronger bottom line. Now we view our business as a portfolio of customers, which we believe gives us far richer growth opportunities.
Preparing to Transform the Business
In fiscal 2005, we set the stage for our transformation to customer centricity. While operating 30-plus lab stores, we rolled out Geek Squad’s 24-hour, rapid-response computer support task force at all North American Best Buy stores. This rollout, which was completed in August, was acceler- ated by two years based on customer feedback indicating a high level of demand for computer services. In October,
we converted 67 stores to the new operating model.
We also invested resources into elevating the leadership, talent and standard operating platforms at other stores in order to prepare them for the challenging transformation ahead. Our internal systems and processes also require significant changes in order to support the new operating model. In an effort to transfer knowledge from outside the company, we outsourced our information technology work through a new strategic alliance that also includes consult- ing on a three-year plan to re-engineer our supply chain. Finally, to attract incremental customers to our company, we continued to grow our international segment, which uses two store formats (Future Shop and Best Buy).
Accelerating Our Transformation
Now, for fiscal 2006, we have set five goals that will help us fast-forward our transformation:
First, we will accelerate the conversion of our stores to the customer-centric operating model. We plan to open or convert an additional 150 to 200 U.S. Best Buy stores to this model by the end of fiscal 2006. By year-end, we expect to operate 250 to 300 segmented stores.
Second, we will strengthen and expand our service offerings. We see opportunities in the marketplace to become the premier national provider of computer services and to sup- port booming sales of digital televisions, which are much more complex than the analog televisions they replace. Therefore, two areas we are targeting for growth include Geek Squad services and home theater installation.
Best Buy 05 Annual Report 5

   FOCUSING ON CUSTOMERS’ UNMET NEEDS
One of our targeted segments, young technology enthusiasts, loves the interactive displays in our stores. He also loves his video games and movies. We are launching tailored market assortments at our stores in fiscal 2006 so that his store is never out of stock of his CD with that awesome
guitar riff. Merchandising, product fulfillment, forecasting and replenishment ... to him,
all that just means we have what he wants in stock.
 6 Best Buy 05 Annual Report
 The culture in our customer centricity stores rocks. We can be ourselves at work, and our ideas are sought out. Plus the transformation means my store has more places for me to move up.
– Best Buy associate
Fast Forward   INNOVATIVE
RETAILING
      
 Total Shareholder Return
     Best Buy Co., Inc. S&P 500 S&P Retailing Group Industry Index
                                     $100.00
$163.96
$139.66 $95.18
                                                          FY 00 FY 01 FY 02 FY 03 FY 04 FY 05
  Our five-year total shareholder return, including stock price appreciation and dividends, continued to outperform the S&P 500 and its index of retailers.
Source: Research Data Group, Inc.
               Third, we will work to boost employee retention. This effort will draw on insights from our customer centricity stores, which have higher retention than our other stores, and our strengths-based approach to management.
Fourth, we will add individualized marketing capabilities to our skills in mass marketing, as certain customer segments do not rely on the mass media for their information.
Fifth, we will simplify our internal processes so that they can adapt to changing customer needs.
Clearly, these five goals are linked. We expect higher returns if knowledgeable and experienced employees deliver inno- vative products and services that suit changing lifestyles and reach new customers through individualized marketing programs ... all supported by more agile supply chain and technology systems.
Increasing Our Operating Income Rate
We believe this work supports our corporate goal of achiev- ing a 7-percent operating income rate in the next three years. We have set this aggressive profit goal to stimulate thinking and innovation in the business. Our roadmap
to the 7-percent goal has four components: the organic growth fueled by our transformation to customer centricity, including the expansion of our services business; better supply chain management and merchandising; the reduc- tion of our total cost of ownership in information technol- ogy; and expansion of the operating income rate of our stores in Canada.
Focusing Our Executive Team
Last year, we reorganized our resources to support our long-term growth, a change that resulted in a smaller, more focused executive team. As part of the reorganization, we announced that Al Lenzmeier plans to retire at the end of fiscal 2006. Al joined Best Buy’s Finance Department in 1984, advanced to CFO in 1991 and assumed the role
of president and chief operating officer in 2002. Since Al’s retirement will precede next year’s annual report, I would like to take the opportunity to thank Al for partnering with me for the past 21 years. Al’s business acumen, leadership and integrity have earned him the respect of all who deal with him.
I also would like to acknowledge the hard work of our employees and the support of our vendors and shareholders. This transformation would not be possible without you.
This year will be pivotal for our company and its future. While I am mindful of the challenges and risks inherent
to this undertaking, I am confident of our success because I have had the good fortune of seeing first-hand the talent inside our organization. Our employees have a greater capacity to learn and innovate than we have ever had before in my 32 years with the company. I am honored to be leading Best Buy through this transformation, and
I look forward to updating you on our progress.
Bradbury H. Anderson
Vice Chairman and CEO
 Best Buy 05 Annual Report 7
