  Strategies Successes
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Record Financial Performance
Fiscal 2000, ended February 26, 2000, was our most profitable year ever. Revenues for the year reached $12.5 billion, a 24% increase over the previous year, and net earnings increased 60%, to $347.1 million. Earnings per share on a diluted basis rose from $1.03 in fiscal 1999 to $1.63 in fiscal 2000.
We continue to focus on creating value for our shareholders. In addition to concentrating on traditional earnings-based measures of financial performance, last year we began using an Economic Value Added (EVA®) financial management system to measure how well we utilize the Company’s assets in producing earnings. This past year, our EVA improved more than $100 million, to $178 million. Chief Executive magazine ranked us 11th on their list of companies that created the most wealth for shareholders; we were the only retailer in the top 25. Our return on equity, another key financial performance measure, grew to more than 30%. The strength of our earnings and efficiency with which we deployed capital enabled us to repurchase approximately $400 million of our common stock during the past year.
We have built a world-class inventory management system, turning our assets faster than any other retailer in our sector. Our inventory turns exceeded 7 times this year, up from 4.6 just three years ago. In the past four years, we reduced the length of time we own inventory by nearly 30 days. This provided cash to expand our bricks-and-mortar stores and our Web site with internally generated funds.
                                                                      3

 Reasons for Our Continued Success
We continue to refine our operating model to deliver the latest products and services quickly. Our evolving store format has helped to make us the consumers’ choice for new technology in a fun, informative and no-pressure shopping environment. Average revenues per store surpassed $37 million, more than twice our nearest national competitor. We believe we have created a brand and shopping format customers prefer.
Best Buy has become the consumers’ destination for digital technology through effective merchandising, expanded product selection and improved sales execution. Digital products, which grew to 10% of our sales mix last year, are expected to be one of the fastest-growing product categories in the upcoming year. Many of the products we sell today weren’t available to consumers 10 years ago.
The support of our more than 60,000 hard-working and knowledgeable employees ensured this past year’s success. Our high-caliber team gives the Company a competitive advantage, helping our customers understand even the most complex technologies.
The healthy economy—with particularly strong consumer spending in our sector—and increased sales of digital products enabled Best Buy to achieve double-digit comparable store sales growth for eight of the past nine quarters.
In fiscal 2000, we opened 47 stores, including our entry into Sacramento, San Diego and San Francisco, Calif.; as well as Richmond, Va. This autumn, we will enter the densely populated metropolitan New York area with more than a dozen stores—part of a three-year, 40-store strategy for the market. Our goal is to open approximately 60 new stores per year for the next five years, bringing our total store count to nearly double what it is today. Last year we introduced nine small- market stores, serving communities of less than 200,000 people. These 30,000-square-foot stores offer the same product categories as larger stores but have more flexible floor plans and product assortments tailored to their communities. We plan to increase our expansion of these stores over the next five years. This allows Best Buy to continue growing to reach that segment of the population that lives in smaller communities.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               4

 Capitalizing On an Evolving Marketplace
The expansion of the Internet is changing the face of retail. To capitalize on this trend, we are leveraging our more than 350 retail stores and our estab- lished, loyal customers as a springboard into the e-commerce realm. The BestBuy.comTM site is an obvious extension of our retail stores and will benefit from the assets of our bricks-and-mortar locations, including our existing customer base, brand awareness, national advertising, vendor alliances, supply chain, service capabilities and warehousing.
In turn, we believe the site can acquire new customers into our enterprise, while enhancing the loyalty of current Best Buy customers. Products will be available for both home delivery and in-store pickup. Customers can make returns and exchanges, and receive additional products and services at our retail stores, something pure e-tailers cannot offer.
The growing importance of strategic alliances demonstrates the increasing link between the offline retail sector and the burgeoning online world. Our comprehensive alliance with Microsoft Corp. will provide us with additional financial and technological resources to provide our customers with end-to-end technology solutions, not just products.
Positioned To Lead the Industry
We look forward to the challenges and growth opportunities in the coming year. Led by our talented employees, proximity to all major U.S. markets and increased Web presence, we are confident that we can meet our customers at the intersection of technology and life. Best Buy, as a consumer-centric company, is committed to provide customers— anytime and anywhere—the best shopping experience available. We are driving tremendous consumer excitement for products and services of the new digital era.
I believe our Company is entering a period of unprecedented opportunity— for our customers, employees, business partners and for you, our valued shareholders.
Richard M. Schulze Founder, Chairman & CEO
  5
