  2
 Richard M. Schulze, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, founded Best Buy in 1966.
Letter To Our
To fellow shareholders, employees and community members:
Best Buy has enjoyed phenomenal growth in the past decade. We have increased revenues at a compound annual growth rate of 37 percent by opening stores, increasing sales at existing stores and taking advantage of new product cycles. We have delivered to shareholders earnings per share growth at a compound annual growth rate of 44 percent. Consumer preference for our brand, product assortment and store experience has boosted our market share and established us as the nation’s leading retailer of consumer electronics, entertainment software and personal computers for the home.
We have the opportunity to continue our national Best Buy store growth for a number of years; we estimate that we will have blanketed the country with our yellow tag by fiscal 2005. We also stand to benefit from an accelerating digital product cycle, which is expected to drive consumer demand for the rest of this decade. As high-speed Internet access becomes more readily available and as home networking and entertainment delivery systems converge, we are uniquely positioned to bring consumers exciting new technology, including devices, connections and content.
Building Blocks for Growth
Our leadership team shares a vision for the Company of meeting consumers at the intersection of technology and life. In fiscal 2001, we concluded that this vision required us to look beyond our large format strategy, which attracts primarily techno-savvy, fairly young and predominantly male consumers. After 35 years of outstanding growth,
 Best Buy Co. Inc.

 Shareholders
we needed new distribution channels. We saw an opportunity to reach other large segments of consumers who seek technology products and services that make their time more fun and more productive. We also were challenged to look outside our national borders for new markets in which to open stores. To fuel our long-term growth, we needed to launch our next stage of growth prior to exhausting the opportunity within our large format strategy.
In fiscal 2001, we announced three growth initiatives aimed at realizing our vision:
• The acquisition of Musicland, a retailer of predominantly
music and movies.
• The acquisition of Magnolia Hi-Fi, a preeminent retailer
of high-end consumer electronics.
• The beginning of our international expansion with the
announced entry into the Canadian marketplace.
These strategic initiatives provide us with substantial building blocks for growth. Through these three strategies, we have added new branded retail outlets, mall and rural store formats, a high-end electronics sales and service format, and hundreds of millions of new consumer touch points. We see significant opportunity to extend our retailing leadership in technology and entertainment into new spaces.
Extending our Leadership
Through our acquisition of Minneapolis-based Musicland, which was completed in the fourth quarter, we can reach consumers through four new brands:
• Sam Goody, with 630 mall-based stores; • On Cue, with 200 rural stores;
• Suncoast, with 400 mall-based stores; and • Media Play, with 80 superstores.
Musicland’s more than 1,300 stores bring us 300 million additional consumer visits per year, including more female consumers, more rural consumers and a higher market penetration of the teenage shopper. Currently, all four brands sell primarily music and movies. Following market testing, we expect to add consumer electronics to the mix. Because of the overlap with Best Buy stores in product categories and geography, we have the opportunity to share best practices and achieve economies of scale. More importantly, we have the ability to make a market in new distribution systems for entertainment products as consumers complement physical purchases with digital.
In the fourth quarter, we also completed our acquisition of Magnolia Hi-Fi, based in Seattle. Magnolia Hi-Fi has loyal customers and leads the industry in customer service. Its ability to bring to market emerging entertainment technologies appeals to higher-income consumers. We have retained the company’s management team and commissioned sales force in order to preserve the culture while we grow the business. We believe that we have much to learn from each other.
We announced our international expansion in December as well, beginning with plans for an initial 15 stores in Canada. We anticipate that in fiscal 2003 we will open the first of several stores in the Toronto area, each of
3
Letter To Shareholders Best Buy Co., Inc.

 which will be approximately 30,000 square feet. With this as a base, we will embark on a store expansion campaign, culminating with 60 to 65 Canadian stores. Our experiences operating our six brands in the United States and our customer-centric culture will be invaluable as we determine how to satisfy the needs and wants of international consumers.
Measuring our Success
Now that we have defined new avenues for growth, the next step is to implement our new initiatives and to measure the results.
4 With our Musicland acquisition, the key measures will be EVA, growth in sales productivity and increase in profitability. In addition, we believe that we can increase operating earnings by leveraging our fixed costs over a larger revenue base.
We will work to achieve these goals through a series of initiatives. In February 2001, we began testing the introduction of consumer electronics products, new fixtures and lighting, and new store layouts at Sam Goody stores. We expect to use the test results as the basis for transforming our Sam Goody stores, with an eye on revenue enhancement.
In fiscal 2002, we plan to complete an analysis of the brand’s strategic positioning, consumer targeting, labor model and other aspects of the store experience. We then will apply the transformed operating model to existing
Sam Goody stores as well as all new Sam Goody stores that we open. We also plan to transform our On Cue stores in fiscal 2003, using experience gained from the Sam Goody transformation. Long term, we plan to grow these stores. In fact, we have identified more than 1,000 potential sites for this rural, small format store.
Our initial goals for Magnolia Hi-Fi are less ambitious, but also are significant. In the coming year, we hope to gain an insider’s perspective on two key parts of Magnolia Hi-Fi’s business model: world-class customer service and skilled marketing to high-end consumers and audiophiles. We believe that the primary value of acquiring Magnolia Hi-Fi is what we can learn about service and installation, which we hope to incorporate into our other brands.
All of these experiences will enable us to move more successfully into Canada and, eventually, into other international markets. Our measures for our expansion into Canada include store growth, EVA, sales productivity and market share.
Preparing for Growth
These key strategies are possible because of our energetic, highly skilled and driven employees. I view them as a competitive advantage. In addition, with the management structure we announced in February, we have the executive talent in place to pursue each new initiative, while continuing to grow our Best Buy stores and reaching the full potential of these stores. I understand the value of developing a deep bench of skilled leaders
Letter To Shareholders Best Buy Co., Inc.

  Earnings (Loss) Per Share
$1.86 $1.63
$1.03 5
$.46
-$.04
1997 1998 1999 2000 2001
Our earnings per share have increased at a compound annual growth rate of 47% over the past five years.
        and also appreciate having the opportunity to focus on what I most enjoy: working with our team to advance our vision, identify strategic growth opportunities and develop the business.
Our ability to grow depends on not only our employees but also our vendors. We highly value our strategic partnerships with vendors. We must continue to maintain strong relationships with them in order to continue our growth and to ensure our mutual success.
Assessing our Performance
In view of the challenging economic environment, our record results in fiscal 2001 were particularly gratifying. Our revenues climbed 23 percent to a record $15.3 billion, compared with $12.5 billion the prior year. Our sales growth was driven by the opening of more than100 Best Buy stores in the past two years and continued strong consumer preference for Best Buy stores’ format, product assortments and shopping experience. Comparable store sales rose 4.9 percent on top of an 11.1-percent increase the prior year.
We reported a 14-percent increase in net earnings to $396 million, or $1.86 per share, compared with $347 million, or $1.63 per share, for the prior year. Our earnings were reduced 4 cents per share by our acquisition and integration of Musicland, and another 4 cents from write-offs of minority investments in e-commerce companies. Excluding those items, our earnings grew a solid 19 percent.
Letter To Shareholders Best Buy Co., Inc.

 Our earnings growth was driven by gross margin improvements. Gross profit grew to 20.0 percent of sales, compared with 19.2 percent the prior year. The increase reflects improved product margins and changes in our product mix, including higher sales of consumer electronics and a lower contribution from the home office category.
Investing in the Future
During the second quarter, we launched BestBuy.comTM, which quickly became one of the top five e-commerce sites in the country. Our investments in the Internet, new stores and Musicland, along with the effects of more moderate comparable store sales growth, raised our selling,
Best Buy Stock Price Relative Performance
Best Buy
Peer Group S&P Composite
355.6
198.6
1,146.3
435.0
227.9
 1,107.5
       6
929.0
341.6
209.2
       126.2
119.1
352.0
203.9
        100.0
F i s c a l Years
170.3
1996 1997 1998 1999 2000 2001
55.2
  Our stock price has dramatically outperformed the market and an index of our peers, including retailers such as Circuit City, Radio Shack and Home Depot.
Source: Media General Financial Services
Letter To Shareholders Best Buy Co., Inc.

  Return on Average Common Equity
32.6% 27.6%
17.0%
     -1.4%
1997 1998 1999 2000 2001
Our goal is to maintain a return on average equity that ranks in the top quartile among retailers. Our ROE declined modestly in fiscal 2001, reflecting our costs associated with strategic investments and a reduction in the growth rate of comparable store sales increases.
27.1%
7
   general and administrative expense ratio to 16.0 percent of sales, compared with 14.8 percent in fiscal 2000.
I believe that our stock price does not accurately reflect our potential for continued growth in revenues, leverage and earnings. As the U.S. retail leader for technology products and services in the home office and entertainment categories, we stand to benefit as the digital product cycle expands. Moreover, we see tremendous opportunity as we extend that expertise through new brands and new store formats to reach consumers we have underserved in the past, including women, teenagers, rural consumers and international consumers.
I believe that we have the right people and the right strategies to achieve our goals of top-quartile performance in earnings growth among leading retailers over any economic cycle. That is what I expect of Best Buy, both as a shareholder and as chairman, and I am certain that you demand nothing less.
Richard M. Schulze Founder, Chairman & CEO
 Letter To Shareholders Best Buy Co., Inc.
