 2
Letter to Shareholders
Extending our Leadership in Retailing
Leadership in retailing often is defined as having the greatest market share. By that definition, Best Buy is the leading specialty retailer in North America, generating revenues in fiscal 2002 of nearly $20 billion. As a result, we have captured a 14 - percent U.S. market share of the consumer electronics, home office and entertainment software categories. While we continue to develop plans to increase our market share, we already lead the United States in sales of consumer electronics, computers, music and movies, and we rank third in sales of major appliances. Through our November 2001 acquisition of Future Shop, we have expanded our leadership position in speciality retailing to all of North America as well.
We compare our performance with that of the nation’s best - in - class retailers, including Bed Bath & Beyond, Home Depot, Kohls, Target, Wal-Mart and Walgreens. Last year, we had one of the best performances in that group in terms of revenue growth, sales productivity, inventory turns, earnings growth and return on equity.
In the past year, for example, we increased revenues by 28 percent to $19.6 billion, driven by the opening of 62 new Best Buy stores, the inclusion of revenues from acquired businesses and a comparable store sales gain at Best Buy stores of 1.9 percent. We achieved those results amid a national recession, the war on terrorism and weakness in sales of two major products, desktop computers and prerecorded music.
Thanks to the continuing strength of our employees’ retail execution and customer preference for our store format, our sales productivity at Best Buy stores reached $830 per square foot.
Despite a volatile economy, we kept Best Buy stores’ inventory turns steady at the retail industry-leading level of 7.5 times, while enhancing our in - stock position.
We achieved these results by sharpening our supply chain management, demand forecasting, logistics, transportation and pricing systems. Our net earnings grew to $570 million, reflecting increased revenues, a richer product assortment and controlled expenses. Our earnings growth rate exceeded 40 percent last year.
These results translated into a 26-percent return on average equity.

 Living our Values
To explain how we lead, I would like to address our core values, which have driven our culture of innovation. Throughout our 36-year history, we have been guided by this core set of values. We place importance on having fun while being the best. We seek to learn from challenge and change. We understand the need to act with respect, humil- ity and integrity. We believe in unleashing the power of our people.
Because we strive for excellence and embrace change, we can do more than simply grow. We also foster innovation. That is a prime reason why we have been able to establish and maintain our leadership in the retail industry.
Fostering Innovation
Examples of our innovation are many. Consider our demand forecasting systems, which enabled us to finish a robust holiday selling season with strong in - stock levels. Our advertising effectiveness systems help us maximize the efficiency of our marketing budget and predict with a higher degree of accuracy how our Sunday circular will impact sales the following week. Our supply chain management enables us to plan for model transitions, to avoid markdowns and to launch new products as soon as they become available.
17.0%
1998 1999 2000
2001 2002
Return on Average Common Equity
Our return on equity compares favorably with that of other national retailers.
Our knowledge management systems allow our 90,000 employees to share information about everything from car stereo installation tips to selling techniques. Thanks to our leadership in these key competitive areas, we now set the benchmark for our industry in financial strength as well, affording us the flexibility to invest for future growth and to return fully 1.5 percent of our pretax earnings to our communities.
The skill sets, processes and systems we have built – which we call our “structural capital” – are important not only to the future success of Best Buy stores, but to the vitality of our acquired businesses. The centerpiece of our strategy is a continued expansion of our Best Buy stores, including 60 new U.S. stores per year for at least the next four years, as well as comparable store sales gains. That base serves as a strong foundation to the next part of our strategy: namely, extending our leadership into new spaces by leveraging our structural capital.
27.6%
27.1% 26.3%
32.6%
Best Buy Co., Inc. 3

 4 Letter to Shareholders
Specifically, where might our leadership take us in the future?
• New markets, including approximately 240 more Best Buy stores, as we fill out our U.S. presence; up to 800 additional small-market Sam Goody stores, which serve a new, rural consumer; new stores in Canada, as we launch the Best Buy brand in that market and expand our Future Shop position; and up to 130 more Magnolia Hi-Fi stores for affluent consumers, building on our West Coast presence.
• New levels of sales productivity, particu- larly at our Musicland stores, where we expect to sharpen our focus on entertain- ment for the young, fun consumer.
• New products and services for existing customers at all of our stores, as we take advantage of the expanding digital product cycle.
• New levels of financial performance, including operating margin expansion at all of our stores.
• New countries, whether we enter through acquisition or organic growth.
Ultimately, our goal is to extend our leadership to become the top specialty retailer in the world.
I announced this spring my intention to step aside as CEO effective in June 2002, triggering a succession plan developed some time ago. I am proud to say that I have developed a top-notch team of executives to take the helm, including several Best Buy veterans. My confidence in them will enable me to balance my life, pursue special interests and spend time developing Best Buy’s future leaders as well as working with management on long-range growth prospects. I intend to stay active as Chairman of the Board of the company I founded, of which I remain our single largest shareholder.
I consider Best Buy to be my best investment. In the last five years, our stock provided the highest total return to shareholders of all stocks in the S&P 500. Our goal is to continue providing to shareholders top- quartile performance, with revenues and earnings growth of 17 to 21 percent annually.

 I am truly excited about our many possibilities because I know that our team, when faced with a challenge, is inspired rather than discouraged. Our company culture thrives on growth, change and innovation. We know the importance of remaining in lock step with our customers to earn their continued loyalty and to remain their retailer of choice.
My heartfelt thanks goes out to all of our employees, for continuing to embrace new challenges as our company expands; to our board, for its guidance and direction as we strive to extend our leadership into new spaces; to our vendors, for their ongoing partnership; and to our shareholders, for your continued support of our company.
Richard M. Schulze
Founder, Chairman & CEO
 5
