                                          Bradbury H. Anderson
Vice Chairman and CEO
Letter to Shareholders
The Company faced – and surmounted – an unusual number of challenges in fiscal 2003. Before addressing the coming year, I would like to recap last year’s events because our response to the challenges illustrates our culture and our values, which have been key to our success for nearly 40 years.
The first challenge concerned management succession. Founder and Chairman Richard M. Schulze decided to step aside as CEO after 36 years of leading the Company. I ad- vanced to CEO in July, and we concurrently announced a host of internal promotions that resulted from this change. I am pleased with the seamless transition and with our ability
to fill all of the positions internally.
As the new team took office, the second challenge arose: a precipitous drop in consumer spending caused comparable store sales suddenly to flatten in the second quarter. Without comparable store sales growth, normal inflation raised our expense rate. At the same time, a more promotional
environment put pressure on our gross profit rate. We quickly reacted by reducing back- office spending, curtailing capital expenditures and focusing on in-store execution. We also accelerated our new-store opening schedule. As a result, we finished the year with only modest comparable store sales gains,
but a double-digit rise in earnings from continuing operations.
The third challenge was continued weakness in sales of desktop computers and CDs, as well as increased commoditization in many product groups. In response, we increased our assortments of fast-growing digital products, including digital, LCD and pro- jection TVs; and digital cameras. We found new methods to lower our cost of goods sold, such as using online auctions to procure products more cost-effectively and sourcing more products from manufacturers in China. Offering good values helped increase our market share in many digital products, as evidenced by our comparable store sales
2 Letter to Shareholders

                                          gains, which were higher than those of many competitors. We performed at this level without sacrificing our gross profit rate.
Product life-cycles in entertainment software, coupled with further declines in mall traffic, contributed to disappointing holiday results at our Musicland subsidiary. As a result of a pragmatic assessment of the profit potential of this business, in March 2003 we publicly announced our intention to sell Musicland. This business has reduced our historically strong return on equity, and we believe that concentrating on our core businesses will provide a higher return. Thus, we have developed four new strategic initiatives
to fuel the growth of existing or related businesses and have put on hold any major acquisitions or expansion beyond North America.
Our highly productive Best Buy stores produce over $800 of revenue per square foot annually.
Meeting Future Challenges
We meet with confidence the challenges ahead of us, including:
• Marketing our interest in our Musicland subsidiary and refocusing our energy on our core businesses;
• Adapting to changes in how consumers like to shop, including greater use of online channels;
• Growing comparable store sales by focusing on the customer;
• Boosting efficiency to improve our results in a difficult economy;
• Managing ever-faster product cycles; and
• Developing the capacity of our people to meet new challenges.
We pride ourselves on maintaining a high return on invested capital. In determining our future strategy, we considered not only the challenges ahead but also the highest potential for return. Within that context, we developed a set of four strategic initiatives. Each of these pillars is intended to strengthen our return on invested capital as we look for more and better organic growth opportunities to increase our returns, which historically have compared favorably with that of many other retailers. We will not undertake activities that we do not expect to deliver superior returns.
Best Buy Co., Inc. 3

                                          Customer Centricity. More rapid commoditization and increased competition helped give rise to the centerpiece of our strategy, our customer centricity initiative. Customer centricity simply refers to altering our business to address differences in cus- tomer needs at each of our stores. Today, we offer essentially the same assortment at every store, and we treat all customers the same way even though the needs of our customers are diverse. At the same time, we have access to more information than ever about our customers, and we have many more tools for serving them, such as our Web sites. We are preparing to test a methodology for earning a higher “share of wallet” with customers who already like shopping in our stores.
Our current 13-percent market share in
the United States, while industry-leading, leaves us an 87-percent share opportunity. We believe the way to gain share is by fundamentally improving the customer experience, particularly for existing customers. For example, in fiscal 2004
U.S. Best Buy stores will launch a national customer loyalty program, and several stores will test tailored product assortments that serve specific customer segments.
Best Buy also will launch a new Web site
with increased functionality, personalization capabilities and stronger branding.
Over time, we expect that developing an intense customer focus will drive innovation, differentiation and incremental growth. Stronger comparable store sales growth
and return on invested capital are our primary measurements for this initiative.
Efficient Enterprise. Since fiscal 1996, our gross profit rate has increased along with our ability to sell a richer mix of products. This expansion was supported by increases in our selling, general and administrative expenses. However, the retailers with the lowest cost structures tend to outperform others when consumer confidence declines. Our second strategic initiative, the efficient enterprise, focuses on controlling costs and investment spending. The goal is to develop a cost- conscious culture and continuous improvement capability at all levels of the organization. In fiscal 2004, we will be using workout methodologies to reduce administrative spending, streamline decision making, eradicate bureaucracy and increase employees’ capacity to flatten the organization. The efficiencies are expected to improve our financial performance, agility and flexibility. We will use the savings to enhance the customer experience in our stores and to pursue our customer centricity initiative. The primary measure we will use
to gauge our success will be increases in our operating income rate.
Win the Home with Service. The gradual convergence of computers and TVs spawned our initiative to win the home with service. Consumers desire the full benefits of entertainment and technology together in the home or on the go, and they want using them to be fun and easy. We can earn an important role in consumers’ homes by offering these core products as well as the content, connections, applications, accessories and
4 Letter to Shareholders

                                          services that work together to optimize them. As part of this initiative, in fiscal 2004 we plan to test changes in the way our stores merchandise and display home theater systems, home office systems and the convergence of the two. As evidenced by our customer centricity, we also plan to offer consumers more choices in how they repair their equipment: in the store, over the phone, online or in their homes. The Geek Squad, which we acquired in fiscal 2003, offers consumers complete personal computer services in the home or at work, 24 hours
per day. In fiscal 2004, we expect to expand Geek Squad to 10 markets; eventually we intend to deploy this capability nationwide. Similarly, we are working with builders
to install networked homes in two major
U.S. markets and are tracking the demand for services in those markets. Services traditionally have provided attractive returns, and we see considerable profit opportunity in expanding the services we offer. Our primary metrics for this initiative are “share of wallet,” customer retention, brand awareness and return on invested capital.
Win Entertainment. More than half
of our customer transactions include an entertainment-related purchase, and this category will continue to be key to our success in the future. Our entertainment strategy is to evolve from a seller of packaged media to a market maker for entertainment services. Our work in fiscal 2004 starts with increased assortments of older CDs, which plays to our competitive strength and increases customer satisfaction. In addition, we expect to match entertainment assort- ments more closely with local customer segments, and we plan to leverage our Web sites for pre-orders and out-of-stocks. As a market maker, we also expect to experiment with new services (such as subscriptions) and to partner with vendors that offer digitally downloaded entertainment.
$ 1. 7 7
$ 1. 9 1
  $ 1. 2 6
 01 02 03
Earnings Per Diluted Share
(from continuing operations)
We will measure success for this initiative based on market share in entertainment products, services and subscriptions.
Extending Our Leadership
None of these initiatives can succeed without a strong culture, clear values, a more stream- lined operating model and the leadership
of our employees. Our people are core to
our ability to deliver on our four strategic pillars. An important part of our fiscal 2004 plan includes developing tools to unleash the capability of our people and creating structures that will allow us to be successful in this space.
At the end of the day, our employees are the growth engine of our core businesses. They have the creativity, adaptability and power to lead that have been our hallmarks since 1966.
We thank our Board of Directors for
their continued support, our vendors
for their partnership and our shareholders for their confidence.
Bradbury H. Anderson Vice Chairman and CEO
 Best Buy Co., Inc. 5
