 Dear Shareholders:
Our primary goal for fiscal 2006 was to accelerate our transformation to customer centricity. In this letter, I’d like to give you an update on this work, which contributed to the 22-percent increase in earnings from continuing operations we garnered for fiscal 2006. Since the past is often prologue to the future, I’d like to describe how customer centricity is influencing not only our goals for fiscal 2007, but also our long-term plans.
At Best Buy, customer centricity means treating each customer as a unique individual, meeting their needs with end-to-end solutions, and engaging and energizing our employees to serve them. It is our primary strategy for providing a differentiated experience for customers. Mass merchants, direct sellers, other specialty retailers and online retailers are increasingly interested in our product categories because of rising demand. If we can understand our customers better than our competitors do, and if
we can inspire our employees to have richer interactions with customers, then we can more effectively compete. We believe that Best Buy excels based on its fun, interactive store experience; broad product assortments; name brands; knowledgeable employ- ees; and ability to offer services.
Customer centricity has been, and will continue to be, a growth driver for us. By tuning in customers and employees more closely, we are being rewarded with new ideas every day—ideas that in the past would not have made their way to headquar- ters and have been implemented at other stores. Through the employees who work closest to our customers, we have discovered several material growth opportunities for the company. The opportunities with the highest potential include small-business customers, new services offerings and international growth, which we estimate are
at least $230 billion markets in aggregate.
Frankly, it is a challenging goal to become customer-centric, as we have defined it. Moreover, given that consumers’ tastes are constantly changing (as are product cycles), our goal has become a moving target, forcing continuous improvement. To me, that is very exciting!
Accelerating Customer Centricity
We began our customer centricity work three years ago, starting with a few lab stores that created an energized new culture. Before long, we saw positive indicators from these lab stores: higher comparable store sales gains and a richer mix of products. While the expenses associated with this more labor-intensive model also were higher, the lab stores demonstrated potential to expand their overall profit contribution. We observed improvements in customer loyalty, employee retention and market share. Over time, we also noticed new growth ideas coming from our employees, such as possible real estate locations across North America, a faster method for customizing personal computers, new services we can offer and ways to reduce returns/exchanges of flat-panel TVs. Given these positive indicators, we made the decision to accelerate this work, and we called fiscal 2006 our tipping point.
Key Wins
• 40% of U.S. Best Buy stores now operate under the customer-centric operating model
• We expanded our services offering to include 12,000 Geek Squad® agents and 1,500 home theater installers
• We improved store employee retention by 15 percent
• Reward Zone memberships grew more than 50% to 7.2 million
• We added new and enhanced sup- ply chain capabilities and processes, such as collaborative planning, forecasting and replenishment, and tailored market assortments
Revenue
A 4.9% comparable store sales gain, 103 net new store openings and a continued shift toward higher-ticket items drove fiscal 2006 revenue growth.
$24,548 $27,433
(U.S. dollars in millions)
$30,848
        FY 04 FY 05 FY 06
Best Buy 2006 Annual Report 1

 tuned in.
All customers are different, and so are their needs. We thrive on helping them find the end-to-end solution for seamlessly incorporating technology into their lifestyle.
– Kim, Best Buy Employee
Talented people connect us to customers.
Being customer focused isn’t enough. Winning with customers demands that we’re equally plugged in with our employees. The quality of the energized interaction between customers
and employees drives our growth. How do we
encourage it? We give our employees the training and tools to serve any customer effectively. In turn, our employees provide us with
customer input and ideas for future growth; that’s the power of customer centricity.
2 Best Buy 2006 Annual Report

  How did we accelerate customer centricity last year? In true Best Buy fashion, we decided to explore the limits of our capacity for change. For example, we converted a record number of stores to the customer-centric operating model. We finished the year with 300 stores, or 40 percent of U.S. Best Buy stores, operating under this model. We expanded the number of Geek Squad agents by 5,000, and brought our home theater installation services in-house to provide a better and more consistent experience for our customers. We grew memberships in Reward Zone, our customer loyalty program, to 7.2 million, and learned more about customer purchase patterns.
In addition, because customer centricity relies on employees engaging with customers in new ways, we also focused on increasing employee retention. We changed how we manage our people. We made more extensive use of strengths-based tools and did a better job of listening to our employees. We also created an incentive system in which all store employees could share. This work yielded results as well — employee retention improved by 15 percent.
To support our strategy, we have embarked on a four-year program to transform our supply chain and information technology systems. Our transformation goal is a simple infrastructure that is built on “vanilla” applications and processes tried and tested from the food industry. To date, the results are both material and promising: our customer-facing POS systems are faster, cost less and have the flexibility to adjust as we transform our multi-channel experience for customers.
Naturally, along with the benefits of our transformation came new challenges. For example, our current product-centric organization could not effectively support the new business model. In the interest of speed, we created parallel groups to support customer centricity in store management, finance, training, legal and marketing. Supporting
two operating models was costly; yet our plan was to focus on efficiency after we had implemented customer centricity in all markets. We believed that speed to market was more important.
Testing Our Capacity Limits
In retrospect, we moved too quickly in some areas. In the fiscal third quarter, the volume
of changes peaked, leading to a dispersion of results. Specifically, the performance
of customer centricity stores converted in our fiscal third quarter was modestly below
our expectations. We stopped conversions for 90 days, and our analysis indicated
that we had overestimated our capacity for change. We had asked stores to implement
customer centricity, hire more services personnel, introduce Image Labs, reset their enter- 15% tainment software space and implement a new approach to appliance sales. Most
Fiscal 2007 Goals
• Implementing our customer-centric operating model at all U.S. Best Buy stores
• Continuing to add new stores and Magnolia Home Theater locations
• Building our Best Buy For Business capabilities and presence
• Further growing our services business
• Enhancing our ability to provide complete, end-to-end solutions
• Carefully pursuing international growth opportunities
Best Buy U.S. Market Share
(calendar year data)
18%
2005
We believe that our market-share gains stem from our heightened customer focus, differentiated store experience and knowledgeable employees, combined with our ability to offer total solutions.
17%
      stores had executed well on one or more of these dimensions. Yet no store was able
to demonstrate the same level of success with all of these dimensions. These results indicated to me that the overall strategy was intact, but we simply had asked too much of our people within the third quarter.
In the fourth quarter, we slowed the pace of changes, and we focused on simple outcomes. In addition, stores that had received only the cultural aspects of customer centricity made major strides. Soon rising consumer confidence and expense cutting
2003 2004
Source: Company internal estimates and NPD Group point-of-sale data
 Best Buy 2006 Annual Report
3

 plugged in.
All I knew was that I wanted a flat-panel TV. Magnolia Home Theater made my selection easy, they offered premium brands, and they installed everything. No more boring weekends!
– Nathan, Best Buy Customer
Defining a new viewing experience.
The next era in home theater has arrived. And at Best Buy, we’re plugged into the latest technology trends. We offer the best names in home theater, premium services and expert installation
through our Magnolia Home Theater locations
(we’ll have 300 inside Best Buy stores by the end of fiscal 2007).
The result is a customized,
end-to-end solution
for each customer.
4 Best Buy 2006 Annual Report

  enabled us to raise our earnings guidance. We finished the year with revenue growth of 12 percent, to $30.8 billion; and growth in earnings from continuing operations of 22 percent, to $1.1 billion. We returned $922 million to shareholders through stock repurchases and dividends—nearly a three-fold increase over fiscal 2005. We also contributed approximately $30 million to our store communities, including relief for families and schools devastated by hurricanes Katrina, Wilma and Rita.
Success and earnings growth of this magnitude are exciting for any company, particu- larly one our size. I strongly believe that our decision to accelerate customer centricity contributed to our 22-percent increase in earnings from continuing operations this year.
Profitably Scaling Customer Centricity
We have an unshaken belief in the need to transform our company, and our trans- formation has moved beyond the tipping point. We believe that the best way to boost returns is to invest in our customers and employees. Accordingly, we have set six priorities for fiscal 2007.
• One, we plan to implement a single, customer-centric operating model at all U.S. Best Buy stores and the corporate campus by fiscal year end. Moving to a single operating model will eliminate redundant work and put all of us on the same team. Our intention is to combine the best of our original, highly disciplined operating model with our more flexible, customer-centric model.
• Two, we plan to continue to grow organically. We expect to open approximately 90 new stores in North America. We also anticipate adding 200 more Magnolia Home Theaters locations inside U.S. Best Buy stores, taking advantage of rising consumer interest in flat-panel TVs.
• Three, we will build our small-business capabilities. This effort includes nearly doubling our Best Buy For Business locations, to more than 200 stores, which will train more than 900 Microsoft-certified professionals by fiscal year end.
• Four, we expect to grow our services business by driving productivity improvements in computer services and home theater installation. We plan to drive the gains through the implementation of new tools, the benefits of scale and a market-based approach to home visits.
• Five, we plan to enhance our ability to provide complete solutions to customers. We expect to do that by giving our stores better tools and capabilities for describ- ing, demonstrating and selling solutions such as digital music subscriptions, digital cable and voice-over-Internet telephony.
• Six, we plan to pursue an international growth strategy. We are beginning by leveraging our supply chain and technology investments in Canada, where we operate both Future Shop and Best Buy stores. We also are embarking on a controlled growth strategy in China.
These priorities are aimed at profitably scaling the best ideas from last year, based on what we have learned, as we build new, strategic capabilities supported by a single operating model.
Customer Loyalty
We believe customer centricity helped us maintain our customer loyalty (percentage of customers rating us 5 on a 5-point scale). The highest loyalty came from customers who used Geek Squad.
36%
FY 04
36%
FY 05
36%
FY 06
       Source: Weekly online surveys
Employee Engagement
Best Buy’s growth strategy benefits from knowl- edgeable and engaged employees. We are investing in employees in order to deliver better customer service.
4.0
FY 04
4.1
FY 05
4.1
FY 06
       Source: Gallup survey, using a 5-point scale
Best Buy 2006 Annual Report 5

 dialed in.
6 Best Buy 2006 Annual Report
As a business owner, I don’t have the time or the experience to install new hardware or software. And if my system breaks down, I need knowledgeable technicians who are available 24/7.
– Kate, Small-business Owner and Best Buy Customer
U.S. small-business spending on I.T. products represents an estimated $80 billion opportunity.
Many people who shop at our stores also operate their own business. Our Best Buy For Business locations
offer small businesses a better way to buy, install and repair technology. We provide
trained business professionals and product assortments geared to their needs,
all backed by Geek Squad support and service.

 In essence, our goal is to deploy customer centricity in a cost-effective manner at all U.S. Best Buy stores. This year is an opportune time for further change, as we are expecting to benefit from the current product cycle. We anticipate comparable store sales gains from flat-panel televisions, MP3 players and accessories, notebook com- puters, video gaming consoles, Geek Squad services and appliances. Partially offset- ting these gains will be declines from analog TVs, phones, computer printers and CDs.
Delivering On Growth
At the time this report was printed, based on our plans and current economic expectations, we were expecting revenue of $34 billion to $35 billion for fiscal 2007, an increase of 10 percent to 13 percent. We expected revenue growth from the new store openings and a comparable store sales gain of 3 percent to 5 percent. We also were anticipating earnings growth of approximately 20 percent. While we believe this guidance range is achievable, we also recognize that the consumer elec- tronics industry is very competitive, and our results could be affected by consumer preferences, how well we execute our strategies and employee retention, among other factors.
Longer term, we continue to pursue our goal of a 7-percent operating income rate. Our earnings guidance for fiscal 2007 provides for an improvement of 40 basis points. We expect the gain to come from improved capabilities in our supply chain and information technology systems; leverage of our investments in Canada; and organic growth fueled by new store openings, customer centricity work and the expansion of our services business.
Leading Our People
Assisting me in working toward these goals are Brian Dunn, who was promoted
to president and COO, effective at the start of the fiscal year; Bob Willett, who was named CEO of Best Buy International, effective the same date; and Darren Jackson and Shari Ballard, who remain CFO and executive vice president of human capital, respectively. I am honored to work alongside such a strong team of leaders.
Thanking Our Partners
Best Buy has a 40-year track record as a growth company. As we enter our fifth decade, I would like to thank all of our partners who have contributed to our success. We are indebted to our vendors, our communities and our shareholders for their support in
the past, today and in the future. Most of all, I would like to recognize our employees, who make a difference for our customers every day. As I have said before, I believe that we have only scratched the surface in realizing the opportunities associated with our customer centricity strategy. I feel very optimistic about the coming year and the heights to which our strategy will take us in the years ahead.
Bradbury H. Anderson Vice Chairman and CEO
Product Revenue Mix
Consumer electronics increased to 43 percent of our product revenue mix in fiscal 2006, up from 39 percent in fiscal 2005. This strength was pri- marily driven by customer interest in flat-panel TVs, and MP3 players and accessories.
6%
Appliances
32%
Home Office
Earnings per Diluted Share
19%
Entertainment Software
43%
Consumer Electronics
Earnings per diluted share from continuing operations increased 22 percent in fiscal 2006 driven by strong revenue growth, an improved gross profit rate, higher net interest income and a lower tax rate.
$2.27
FY 06
$1.61
FY 04
$1.86
FY 05
Best Buy 2006 Annual Report
7
