 March 25, 2010
DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
As we had anticipated, 2009 was another difficult year for the recreational marine industry as the downturn that began in late 2007 continued. In fact, the U.S. boat market exited 2009 about half the size that it was just two years ago. The economic climate also challenged our Fitness and Bowling & Billiards businesses.
For 2009, Brunswick Corporation reported annual net sales of approximately $2.8 billion, down from approximately $4.7 billion a year earlier. Our deliberate pipeline reduction and inventory management strategies implemented throughout 2009 led to significantly lower dealer inventory levels and company cash flow benefits, while having a negative effect on revenue and earnings. The Company reported a net loss of $586 million, or $6.63 per diluted share. Our results reflect the actions that were necessary to maintain prudent levels of liquidity, resize our businesses and ultimately position the Company to prosper when market conditions stabilize and inevitably improve. Our loss includes such items as restructuring, exit and impairment charges as well as special tax items. These items are further explained in the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Although our overall financial results reflect the difficult global market conditions in which we operated, we nevertheless made remarkable strides in executing against our key strategic objectives. We exited the year with over $525 million in cash, a stronger dealer network with extremely low levels of inventories, and a leaner company with a significantly lower cost structure entering 2010.
Prepared to Emerge Stronger
We went into 2009 understanding clearly what we had to do: maintain strong liquidity, while positioning the Company for the ultimate recovery in our market segments. As we had done in 2008, when the current downturn gained momentum, we continued to examine every element of our business to control cost, while ensuring for the future a productive transition from a declining market to a growing market.
We embodied our 2009 strategy in three principles:
• Maintain strong liquidity,
• Support our dealer network, and
• Position Brunswick to emerge from the global economic crisis stronger than before.
Brunswick Corporation 1 N. Field Court Lake Forest, IL 60045-4811 Telephone 847.735.4700

We leave 2009 having made extraordinary progress on all fronts, achieving significant accomplishments in the face of a global marine market that has experienced its lowest level of demand in more than 45 years. Needless to say, this was an extremely difficult period for the employees of Brunswick, but it was without question, a year in which they should be extremely proud of their numerous accomplishments.
We successfully executed on our first principle by ending 2009 with approximately $615 million of liquidity, which increased $96 million from year-end 2008 levels. Our net debt position dropped to $324 million, which is the lowest year-end level since 2005. We also dramatically altered our debt structure by significantly reducing near-term maturities. Our $150 million of debt coming due on our 2013 notes represents our only significant maturity before 2016. All of these actions enhance our overall financial flexibility going forward.
The major factor in achieving our second principle has been an inventory management and pipeline reduction strategy that has greatly assisted our dealers through this very difficult period. By producing fewer units than we sold at wholesale, and selling lower amounts at wholesale than our dealers retailed, we were able to reduce the number of boats in dealers’ showrooms, as well as in our factory yards, to extremely low levels. Our dealers’ unit sales of boats at retail were down 30 percent in 2009. Meanwhile, our boat brands wholesaled about 55 percent fewer units to our dealers than in 2008, and we produced about 65 percent fewer units in 2009 than in 2008. As a result, we reduced the number of units in our dealers’ inventories by nearly 50 percent, ending 2009 with 26 weeks of product in the pipeline, compared to 34 weeks at the end of 2008 – simply an outstanding achievement given the retail declines.
Our work in supporting our dealer network contributed to Brunswick winning the Manufacturer of the Year Award for 2009 from the Marine Retailers Association of America. The prestigious annual award was a testament to all that we do day-in and day-out at Brunswick to nurture and solidify a partnership with our dealers. And in a marine industry where dealer exits were substantial, the strength of our brands enabled us to effectively replace exiting dealers with stronger ones.
As to the final principle, Brunswick enters 2010 as a focused organization, with a much lower cost structure. Resetting our cost structure has involved changing our organization, facilities and even our culture. We rationalized our boat manufacturing footprint by changing the nature of our plants from brand-based plants manufacturing multiple models, to model-based plants manufacturing multiple brands. This rationalization was a major factor in enabling us to reduce the number of our boat plants by 14. We have divested, or closed, non-core brands, reducing our number of boat brands by roughly a third, and the number of boat models within our remaining brands has also been reduced by about 30 percent. We have sold non-strategic assets and flattened our functional activities. Finally, resetting our cost structure has required workforce reductions. Across Brunswick, our workforce is down 45 percent since the end of 2007, and in our marine and corporate organizations, our workforce has been reduced by approximately 55 percent over that same period. These reductions have affected the lives of individuals and their families, and we have endeavored to implement these actions with grace and character. Ultimately, these actions have reduced our fixed costs by more than $420 million since the end of 2007. In addition, we have announced the consolidation of our U.S. engine plants from two locations to one. This consolidation will occur over approximately 24 months, and will produce further fixed-cost reductions.
Looking Ahead
Our 2010 operating and financial strategies will build upon our successes in 2009. We will continue to focus on maintaining strong liquidity at our current net debt levels, taking all reasonable actions to strengthen our dealer network, and doing the work necessary to come out of this downturn stronger than when we began the period.

Today, recovery in the recreational marine market is closer than it was a year ago, but does not appear to be imminent. In fact, although some economic trends are improving, we continue to experience high unemployment, low consumer confidence, anemic lending and a growing number of homeowners with payments in arrears or their mortgages underwater. In addition, floor-plan financing issues will most likely cause marine dealers to remain cautious about their boat orders.
We believe, however, that based on our achievements in lowering our dealer pipeline, our boat facilities will gradually increase production rates and wholesale shipments throughout 2010. The factors affecting our boat business should also lead to revenue growth in our engine business. As a result of these favorable fundamentals, our plan for 2010 reflects improved revenue and significantly reduced operating losses in our marine businesses. Further, our Fitness and Bowling & Billiards segments are positioned to experience modest growth in both revenue and operating earnings, while continuing to generate strong cash flows. Our non-marine businesses remain very valuable contributors to Brunswick.
As we execute against our three strategic principles in 2010, we will focus on continuing to generate positive cash flow, performing better than the market in each of our business segments, and growing earnings faster than we grow sales.
Brunswick enters 2010 stronger and better prepared than we ever have been for the uncertainties of the marketplace. We have improved cost structures and flatter organizational structures, and we have demonstrated our resiliency and ability to deal with the unexpected turns of the marketplace and the economy. We are confident that the work we have done – and what we are prepared yet to do, if necessary – uniquely positions us to maintain and extend our leadership positions in our markets as the economy improves.
Sincerely,
Dustan E. McCoy
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Brunswick Corporation
 