 March 24, 2011
DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
The year 2010 was one of significant progress for Brunswick. We continued our disciplined, comprehensive and focused efforts that have improved and solidified our financial position, while reconfiguring and repositioning the Company to maintain and extend its market leadership. As a result, Brunswick is poised to return to profitability in 2011.
In the past few years, Brunswick has undergone a profound transformation against the backdrop of a very difficult global economic and marine market. In 2010, we continued to make significant strides in rationalizing our manufacturing footprint and executing against strategies that have allowed us to operate our businesses more efficiently, resulting in strong operating leverage. During 2010, our revenues increased by 23 percent and, excluding restructuring charges and trade name impairments, our operating earnings increased by approximately $477 million, as compared to 2009. In addition, we achieved our objective of being free cash flow positive during 2010.
We exited the year with $657 million in cash and marketable securities, with net debt (defined as total debt, less cash and marketable securities) of $174 million – down $150 million from year-end 2009 levels.
In 2010, we continued to lower our cost structure, thanks to the hard work and dedication of our 15,000 employees around the world. With lower costs, improved efficiencies and successful execution, we are well positioned to profit from market opportunities.
In our Boat segment, we continued to ensure that our dealer network remains strong. Pipeline inventories, which currently reflect dealer minimum stocking levels, remained healthy in 2010, and our dealers made excellent progress in reducing the age of their floorplan boat inventories.
Our Marine Engine segment completed an outstanding year, with revenues up by 27 percent from 2009; operating earnings, excluding restructuring charges, increased by $244 million over the same period.
Performance in our Fitness and Bowling & Billiards businesses continued to improve in 2010. These businesses have provided Brunswick with a reliable source of revenue, earnings and cash flow during this difficult period in the marine markets.
Brunswick Corporation 1 N. Field Court Lake Forest, IL 60045-4811 Telephone 847.735.4700

Looking ahead to 2011, we will remain disciplined to perform better than the market, demonstrate outstanding operating leverage and generate positive free cash flow. We expect revenue growth in our Marine Engine and Boat segments will be largely dependent on marine retail demand, supplemented by our increasing focus on organic growth. We also expect that the Fitness and Bowling & Billiards segments will experience a modest growth in revenues during 2011, when compared with 2010.
We anticipate that these increased revenues, combined with strong operating earnings leverage, will generate positive earnings per share in 2011. Net earnings in 2011 are expected to benefit from previously announced marine plant consolidation activities, and lower restructuring, exit and impairment charges, net interest, depreciation and pension expenses. A modest increase in the Company’s tax provision is likely to affect net earnings negatively in 2011.
Brunswick enters 2011 with strong strategic advantages:
• We have a stable of powerhouse brands, which lead their respective markets and segments.
• Our steady investments in research and development, together with the craftsmanship of our skilled workforce, ensure that across the board Brunswick produces products of outstanding quality and innovation.
• We have a premier global distribution network, which continues to expand.
• And, with more than 40 percent of our sales outside the United States in 2010, a solid platform for further global growth is in place.
Going forward, we expect to achieve revenue growth as the markets in which we participate improve, as well as from our actions to drive organic growth. Our cost reduction program implemented over the past several years will leverage revenue growth into improved earnings and cash flow. And we intend to invest this cash flow carefully and wisely to grow our market position in each of Brunswick’s business segments, reduce debt to such a level that we regain our investment grade debt rating, and fully fund our legacy pension plans.
In closing, I would like to express my gratitude to Brunswick’s employees throughout the world. It is because of their dedication, industry knowledge, hard work and efforts that the Company is in such a promising position today.
Sincerely,
Dustan E. McCoy
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Brunswick Corporation
 