TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:

We at Bard are proud to share our results for 2005 with you. The numbers throughout this report reveal strong growth in sales, profits, earnings per share and other key aspects of our operations. But that is only part of the story. At Bard, what most excites us is viewing our healthy 2005 results within the context of a much broader and long-term commitment to examine and refine everything we do, day in and day out. We call this process "getting better at getting better." Our goals are ambitious. Through our own research and development (R&D) projects and strategic acquisitions, we aim for nothing less than market leadership (which we define as the number one or two market position) with each of our products and product lines. In 2005, approximately 80 percent of net sales came from products where we held the number one or two market position. Achieving and maintaining market leadership is not easy in a globally competitive industry such as ours, but the rewards are great. Market leadership attracts clinicians ­ who link successful clinical outcomes to our products and brands. Inventors are more inclined to bring their ideas to us first, confident that Bard has the expertise to develop, manufacture and market new and innovative products. And the best and most talented employees think of Bard as the place to build their careers. Those employees, in turn, help us to produce results such as we experienced in 2005: 2005 Financial Highlights · Net sales growth: 7% as reported; ongoing net sales growth: 9% (in constant currency) · Gross profit margin: 61.5%, an increase of 140 basis points versus 2004 · EPS: $3.12 (up 11%) as reported · EPS: $2.97 (up 21%) excluding items identified in financial highlights on page 1 · Cash and short-term investments (at year end): $758.2 million · Debt to total capital ratio (at year end): 16.4% · Return on average shareholders' investment: 23.3%

Product Leadership Among our most forward-thinking and long-term missions at Bard is our commitment to the research and development of new, market-leading products. In 2005, we made significant strides in this area: · Our R&D investment increased to nearly $115 million, more than double the amount invested four years ago. · We have nearly 100 patent applications pending in the United States alone, representing significant growth over the previous year. · We generated more than 250 "patentable ideas" that are currently moving through our internal product development process, up 44 percent from 2004. Advances in technology do not occur in a vacuum; one development builds on the next. Therefore, it is vitally important to identify not just individual product ideas, but broad opportunities holding the greatest potential for growth. One of our defining strengths in recent years has been to establish "technology platforms"­ promising areas from which multiple products can develop. These platforms are the foundation on which to grow, allowing us to leverage our expertise across multiple Bard divisions with greater cooperation and fewer redundancies. These include: · Pelvic Floor Reconstruction Technology Platform (see page 6 of this report for more information), explores new opportunities in one of the most dynamic and fastest growing markets ­ surgical continence; · Power Injection Technology Platform (page 8), expands on a vascular access catheter market that grew 14 percent in 2005; and · Hernia Repair Technology Platform (page 10), builds on our soft tissue repair franchise to develop new products with biological coatings and materials. We know that market leadership demands a constant flow of new ideas and the demonstrated commitment to turn those ideas into realities. In 2005, each of our four main business categories (vascular, urology, oncology and surgical specialties) pursued exciting new product concepts and found ways to improve existing product lines to keep them on or ahead of the technology curve.

3

Vascular Business Atrial fibrillation is a common, serious and sometimes debilitating heart arrhythmia affecting millions of people around the world. Building on our electrophysiology technology platform, we are developing the radio frequency (RF) mesh ablation system, designed to both map and ablate in a single procedure ­ which could reduce risk, time and cost of treatment and potentially provide a lifetime cure.This potential breakthrough device, which entered clinical trials in 2005, could help relieve patients who suffer from atrial fibrillation, and has the potential to position Bard well in a market segment that could approach $1 billion within the next decade. In the United States, Bard's FLUENCY® stent graft helps return the breath of life to patients whose airways have become narrowed due to malignant tissue ingrowth. In Europe, the product is also indicated for opening arteries in the vascular system. Sales of our CONQUESTTM and ATLAS® percutaneous transluminal angioplasty (PTA) balloon catheters (used to relieve partial or complete blockage in blood vessels) have grown at a compounded 42 percent rate over the last three years, securing our leadership position in the arteriovenous (AV) access and large vessel segments of the vascular patency market. The success of these products in 2005 helped drive sales in our endovascular business at a double-digit pace. Urology Business A rapidly aging population and an increasing focus by Ob/Gyn physicians on the gynecological side of their practices are driving the growing demand for continence and pelvic floor reconstruction products. Bard's broad array of continence products, including surgical slings, pelvic floor reconstruction devices and urethral bulking products compete in a $350 million global market growing nearly 20 percent annually. As clinicians seek ever less-invasive methods for surgery, we believe products such as our new AVAULTATM biosynthetic support system (featured in this report) are well-positioned to claim a growing share of this attractive market. Infections acquired during hospital stays represent a danger for patients and a significant cost for hospitals and healthcare systems. Our BARDEX® infection control urinary catheter has emerged as a leading treatment option in the fight against hospital-acquired urinary tract infections, and sales grew at a double-digit rate in 2005. We used Bard's infection control expertise in our respiratory infection control (RIC) endotracheal tube clinical trial for the prevention of ventilator-associated pneumonia, a deadly hospital-associated infection.

Oncology Business The majority of our oncology products are specialty vascular access devices such as implanted ports, peripherally inserted central catheters (PICCs) and dialysis catheters. Together, they account for $560 million of a $760 million global specialty access market growing an estimated 10 percent annually. The market for PICCs shows particular promise for growth as they offer, in many cases, a more cost-effective and flexible alternative to traditional intravenous catheters and can remain in place longer. Bard is continuing to expand product offerings in this area with our innovative power injection technology platform (featured in this report). For the last two years, this business has launched a new product, on average, every 45 days, and we expect this momentum to continue in 2006. Surgical Specialties Business Our surgical specialties business, led by our soft tissue repair products, continued its strong performance in 2005, particularly in Europe. We expect Bard's current market-leading share of this segment to get a further boost with our second-generation SALUTE® fixation device in a disposable configuration, scheduled for launch in 2006. We are also in the early stages of developing our patented endoscopic suturing technology to treat patients who have undergone a gastric bypass procedure and are in need of an enhancement to their earlier surgery. We have organized a clinical trial involving multiple centers to investigate the use of our endoscopic suturing device in this new approach, which we see as another technology platform for further expansion into other surgical applications. Continuous Improvement Even the greatest and most innovative products would not be successful without our ability to manufacture, market and distribute them quickly and efficiently to a network of customers around the world. To that end, 2005 found us relentlessly examining our operations to make good systems even better. For example, we are in the midst of a companywide "Lean Thinking" implementation, the goal of which is to identify and eliminate any actions that do not contribute directly to our core mission of making and delivering the highest quality products for our customers. In our plants, that means eliminating waste, cutting costs and manufacturing products in a continuous flow to reduce the standing inventory of raw materials. An initial pilot program at three plants in Mexico increased our on-time production, cleared floor space for new products and cut operating costs. In 2005, Bard continued implementing lean concepts in other plants with the goal of having every Bard plant "leaned out" by 2008.

4

Getting our latest products quickly into the hands of customers around the globe helps ensure that patients benefit from the newest technologies, and that Bard can maximize the value of its innovations ­ a crucial consideration in an industry where the technology is constantly advancing. Our comprehensive Global Product Launch initiative, introduced at the end of 2004 and continuing throughout 2005 and into the present, is aimed at involving Bard representatives worldwide in the identification and development of new products from the early stages, giving them ample opportunity to identify prospective customers in their regions and to speed the products to market as soon as they are available. Our global sales force expansion, which enhances this initiative, has added 150 new sales representatives since 2003 in businesses where we have promising growth opportunities. Based on the success of this program, we added another 55 field sales professionals in the United States in late 2005. To augment our own aggressive research and development programs, in the past several years Bard has improved its business development processes to identify and acquire the best new technologies from outside the company. While acquisitions have always been an important part of Bard's strategy, our new approach greatly streamlines the process and establishes formal criteria for acquisition targets.We look for technologies, products or companies that represent healthy revenue growth and market leadership opportunities and have robust intellectual property positions. This strategy is evident, for example, in our 2005 acquisition of the TEGRESSTM implantable bulking agent, a product to help women suffering from stress urinary incontinence. The TEGRESS product has been an exciting and complementary addition to our urology business. Board and Organizational Changes A process of continuous change and improvement requires the leadership of an actively involved board of directors. Our board has been instrumental in our success, and continues to guide us as we look to 2006 and beyond. We are pleased to note that former U.S. Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS) Tommy G.Thompson joined our board in August. Under his leadership, HHS modernized the Medicare program and reformed the welfare system. Former Secretary Thompson is recognized as a leader in developing the U.S. response to the threat of bioterrorism, and in the fight against HIV/AIDS and other diseases. We are fortunate to have his expertise represented on our board, and look forward to his insight on health policy issues affecting our businesses.

In 2005, the board also elected John H. Weiland, Bard's President and Chief Operating Officer, as a new director. John's extensive knowledge and vast experience in the medical device industry make him a valuable addition to our board. Outlook for 2006 We look forward to 2006 as a year of opportunity, to expand and augment the processes we have put in place for continuous improvement. With our diversified portfolio of products offering best-in-class quality and value for our customers, we will continue to focus on long-term growth ­ and on the best possible results for thousands of patients who are the ultimate users. While we are pleased with the results of our efforts thus far, we are not satisfied. In a competitive, global market, continued success requires hunger rather than satisfaction...hunger to explore new technologies and new markets and to improve every day. It is the key to our long-term prosperity and to our ability to create value for our shareholders. For nearly a century, Bard has remained committed to leveraging our experience, market leadership and solid financial position to advance the delivery of health care around the world ­ providing superior products and services to enhance the lives and clinical outcomes of patients. We thank you, our shareholders, for your confidence in our ability to lead and innovate in the years to come. Sincerely,

Timothy M. Ring
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

John H. Weiland
President and Chief Operating Officer

February 27, 2006

5

