TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:

In addition to celebrating Bard's 100th anniversary, 2007 will be remembered for another milestone: we surpassed $2 billion in annual revenue for the first time. We also marked five consecutive years of meeting or exceeding our adjusted earnings per share growth objective of 14%. This success is the result of good execution of our plan, the dedication of our employees to serve patients and the unwavering support and confidence of our valued shareholders. As we begin our second century, the world's demographic landscape is vastly different from the days of our founder, Charles Russell Bard. Our worldwide population is enjoying a longevity boom, and Bard is uniquely positioned to play a pivotal role in tackling many of the inevitable issues associated with the aging body. As people live longer and pursue more active lifestyles, there is a mounting demand for innovative medical devices that will not only extend their lives, but preserve their health and quality of life. With our diverse product portfolio, Bard stands ready to meet this growing demand for life-enhancing and life-prolonging treatments. Our technologies in high-growth segments of health care ­ infection control, hernia repair, oncology, electrophysiology, obesity therapy, continence management, pelvic floor reconstruction and dialysis, to name a few ­ represent opportunities in areas where patients are demanding better treatment options.
Timothy M. Ring Chairman and Chief Executive Officer John H. Weiland President and Chief Operating Officer

Bard's sound financial position allows it to invest in new technologies to improve patient outcomes and help achieve consistent, long-term growth. While our overall business strategy remains unchanged, we expect the volume and velocity in each of our strategic investment areas ­ research and development (R&D) and clinical work, business development, and sales force expansion ­ to continue to increase. The execution of this strategy has made the following results possible: 2007 Financial Highlights · Net sales growth: 11% as reported and 9% in constant currency · Net income from continuing operations: $406.4 million as reported; $404.2 million (up 15%) excluding items that impact the comparability of results between periods as identified in financial highlights on page 1 · EPS from continuing operations: $3.84 as reported; $3.82 (up 16%) excluding items that impact the comparability of results between periods as identified in financial highlights on page 1 · Stock price: up 14% over 2006 close

2

Bard's tradition of excellence has been shaped by a legacy of exceptional leaders. In celebrating our centennial year, we would like to pay tribute to the most recent trio of chairmen who guided us from the early 1970s through the first years of the new century: Robert H. McCaffrey, who joined Bard in 1976 and retired in 1988; George T. Maloney, who began his career with Bard as a sales representative in 1959 and retired in 1993; and William H. Longfield, who joined in 1989 and retired in 2003. Their steady guidance through recent decades positioned Bard well for a new century of success in the medical device industry. We thank them for their leadership and vision and the strong foundation they have established for the current management team. We cannot deliver strong financial performances year after year without the commitment and loyalty of our employees worldwide who share Bard's values. To commemorate our centennial in 2007, our employees volunteered to perform 100 Acts of Kindness throughout the year. Thanks to an outpouring of efforts to benefit their local communities all over the world, our employees tallied nearly 250 Acts of Kindness, ranging from holiday food drives and walks to raise money for cancer research, to fund raising for a children's hospice and making critical repairs to a rural elementary school in Mexico. We are proud of their enthusiasm and generosity, both within and outside of the workplace. Business Development Review In 2007, we continued to improve our business development execution as a core component of Bard's product leadership strategy. Robert L. Mellen, Vice President, Strategic Planning and Business Development, and our divisional business development directors (pictured on page 4) have been building and refining our processes, resources and expertise over the last several years. Bob and his team identify and pursue new technologies and companies that meet our well-defined criteria. In addition to providing clinical and economic value, these opportunities are targeted to: · generate a market leadership position; · deliver sustainable double-digit revenue growth; · compete in fast-growing markets; and · benefit from intellectual property protection or other distinct competitive advantages. We strive to ensure that each new addition to the Bard product family contributes to our goals. In 2007, we generated $250 million in revenue from business development activities completed over the past five years. The LIFESTENT® self-expanding stent product family (developed and previously marketed by Edwards LifeSciences Corporation) represents one of the most exciting acquisitions announced in 2007. The LIFESTENT® system incorporates a new generation

of highly flexible, fracture-resistant stents. Upon Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval for the treatment of blockages in the superficial femoral artery (SFA), we expect that the LIFESTENT® product will add significant strategic value to our portfolio of non-coronary stent products. The LIFESTENT® system, together with our FLAIRTM arteriovenous access stent graft and E·LUMINEXXTM iliac stent ­ both also pending FDA approval ­ will give Bard one of the broadest product offerings for peripheral vascular stenting in the industry. We anticipate FDA approval for these products in the near future. Other notable achievements in business development in 2007 include: obtaining a license from Genzyme Corporation to market and manufacture the SEPRAMESH® hernia repair product line ­ which accelerates Bard's entry into the absorbable barrier mesh market; purchasing from A.M.I. GmbH the unique PERMASORBTM resorbable fixation device used in ventral hernia repair; and acquiring from Inrad, Inc., the ULTRACLIP® breast tissue marker used in ultrasound-guided breast biopsies. Each of these product lines creates exciting growth opportunities in 2008 and beyond, and we are grateful for the commitment and diligence exhibited by our business development team in their pursuit of new growth platforms for Bard. Along with our emphasis on acquisitions, we continue to devote significant resources to internal research and development. In 2007, we invested $136 million in R&D, including purchased R&D. We generated 333 patentable ideas and filed 264 patent applications and had 71 patents issued. These efforts enhanced our pipeline with technologies that will help Bard maintain its position as a leading innovator in the medical device industry. The application of our infection control coating technology to address the deadly threat of ventilator-associated pneumonia (VAP) provides an excellent example of the foresight and diligent efforts of Bard's R&D engineers. Nearly 10%1 of patients intubated with an endotracheal tube for more than 24 hours develop VAP, which has a 50%2 mortality rate. In late 2007, after completion of the largest and most extensive clinical trial in the company's history, the FDA approved Bard's claims that our new, proprietary AGENTOTM I.C. endotracheal tube reduces VAP by 36% in the first 24 hours after intubation, and 49% over the first 10 days of intubation.The technology's proprietary coating inhibits bacteria from colonizing the tube and infecting the patient's lungs.

1

Rello J, Ollendorf DA, Oster G, et al. Epidemiology and outcomes of ventilator-associated pneumonia in a large U.S. database. Chest 2002;122(6):2115-21. Kollef MH. What is ventilator-associated pneumonia and why is it important? Respir Care 2005;50(6):714-21; discussion 21-4.

2

3

A Review of Our Businesses Vascular Business As a leader in electrophysiology catheter technology for the last 50 years, Bard's R&D efforts hold promise for treating atrial fibrillation (A-fib), a complex heart condition afflicting millions of people around the world. A-fib treatment represents a worldwide business opportunity of $900 million and is growing at a rate of 13% annually. In 2007, our controlled European rollout of the BARD® HD mesh ablation catheter showed very positive clinical performance. In 2008, we will continue to analyze this data in anticipation of entry into the larger U.S. market. Bard's mesh ablation system, combined with our diagnostic catheters and electrophysiology lab systems, position Bard for future leadership in the diagnosis and treatment of electrophysiology disorders. Bard's endovascular business, which participates in a $1.8 billion market growing 8% annually, includes our high pressure and large diameter percutaneous transluminal angioplasty (PTA) catheters. The recent launch of the DORADO® catheter family has the potential to improve our leadership position in the standard PTA catheter segment. In 2008, we plan to expand our market-leading high pressure line with a new line of specialty PTA catheters designed for the nephrology and dialysis center market. Our G2® vena cava filter line was a strong growth driver in 2007, and recently received FDA clearance as a removable filter in the United States. Later this year, we anticipate the clearance and launch of the G2 EXPRESSTM filter, which will give clinicians the option of retrieving the filter with either our RECOVERY CONE® retrieval system or a snare catheter. Urology Business In keeping with Bard's emphasis on growth markets, we have successfully expanded our urology business beyond urine drainage products to include faster growing products in the areas of infection control, continence management and catheter stabilization. The treatment of hospital-acquired infections (HAIs) costs U.S. hospitals more than $500 million annually and significantly increases a patient's length of stay. With the recently announced elimination of Medicare reimbursement to hospitals for the treatment of HAIs, our infection control products are wellpositioned as a means to control costs and improve patient outcomes. Hospital-acquired urinary tract infections (UTIs) are particularly troublesome because they endanger patient health, strain hospital staff and budgets and help foster the growth of antibiotic-resistant bacteria. By effectively combating UTIs, Bard's infection control Foley catheter has achieved annual double-digit revenue growth since its launch more than 12 years ago. In late 2007, we initiated a clinical study of our next generation infection control Foley catheter, based on technology similar to our new proprietary AGENTOTM I.C. endotracheal tube, and anticipate launching this product in 2009.

Bard's Business Development Team: (front) Bob Mellen, Vice President ­ Strategic Planning and Business Development; (middle, left to right) Ben Davis, Director, Bard Electrophysiology; Scott Jones, Director, Bard Urological; Gene Fleischer, Director, Technology Transfer, Business Development and Acquisitions; Luke Harada, Staff Vice President; (back, left to right) Carl Rickenbaugh, Director, Bard Peripheral Vascular; Jim Brann, Senior Director, Davol; Mike Lee, Director, Davol; Ben Jackson, Director, Bard Medical; Steve Smith, Director, Bard Access Systems

In this annual report, we have highlighted three innovative technologies developed internally or acquired through business development efforts. They include: POWERPORT® Implantable Port: This implantable port designed by Bard Access Systems sets a new standard for power injection devices for cancer patients, eliminating the need for repeated needlesticks associated with conventional intravenous therapy (see page 6). ULTRACLIP® Tissue Marker: Just three millimeters in length, these tiny tissue markers sold by Bard Peripheral Vascular are improving the diagnosis and treatment of breast cancer by helping doctors mark and later recall sites through ultrasound-guided biopsies (see page 8). AVAULTA PLUSTM BioSynthetic Support System: Bard's Urological Division configured this new product for the anatomical needs of the pelvic floor area of the body, providing surgeons with a less invasive option than traditional open surgery for pelvic floor procedures (see page 10).

4

Since acquiring the STATLOCK® catheter stabilization device in 2006, growth rates in this product line continue to exceed our expectations. In 2008, we plan to launch additional configurations for the STATLOCK® stabilization device and to add sales resources to capitalize on the global market opportunity. Our advances in surgical continence and pelvic floor reconstruction products have helped increase Bard's share in this growing $400 million global market. In addition to our ALIGN® urethral support system, we augmented our AVAULTA® biosynthetic support system line in 2007 with the launch of AVAULTA PLUSTM and AVAULTA SOLOTM support systems for anterior and posterior pelvic floor repair.These products are designed for strength, flexibility and ease of placement ­ helping thousands of women resume and maintain a better quality of life. Oncology Business Bard pioneered the peripherally inserted central catheter (PICC) and today it is our single largest product line. In late 2007, we launched our POWERPICC SOLOTM catheter ­ a significant advancement in specialty venous access technology. Conventional PICC catheters must be flushed daily with a saline-heparin solution to prevent clotting and thrombosis. Our innovative proximal valve design reduces the need for flushing to once per week, with saline only ­ reducing risk, cost and inconvenience in clinical and home-based settings. As we continue to advance specialty venous technology, we also anticipate the launch of several new implantable POWERPORT devices with new catheter configurations in 2008. In early 2008, we upgraded our proprietary SHERLOCK® catheter tip location system to facilitate its use with Bard's SITE-RITE® bedside ultrasound guidance system for specialty venous access catheter placement. These two systems, used together, allow for quicker, easier and more precise placement of catheters. Surgical Specialties Business In 2007, our Davol subsidiary broadened its product offering in the soft tissue hernia repair market ­ estimated at $585 million ­ with the addition of the SEPRAMESH® IP absorbable barrier hernia repair product line. We've begun the process of combining the unique SEPRA® anti-adhesion technology with our diverse line of procedure-specific meshes and composites. Looking forward, we expect to offer multiple new products in our soft tissue repair line using technologies like the SEPRA® or tyrosine coatings, as well as new configurations of our COLLAMEND® porcine dermal collagen product. The hernia fixation market ­ $125 million and growing 10% annually ­ is another key area where resorbable products are making inroads. Initial demand for our PERMASORBTM resorbable fixation device, acquired in mid-2007, has been strong.

Board of Directors and Organizational Changes Bard is fortunate to have the guidance of a highly distinguished Board of Directors that brings a broad range of experience and knowledge. The Board's support and counsel are invaluable. We are also fortunate to have an exceptional management team whose efforts help advance our business plan. In 2007, we bid farewell to two long-term executives who have made many contributions to our organization over the years: James R. Kelleher, President, Asia, Americas, Australia & Canada, and Charles P. Grom, Vice President and Controller. We thank them for their dedication and service and wish them well in retirement. Outlook for 2008 While creating shareholder value clearly starts with top-line revenue growth, achieving this growth comes from our ability to successfully execute our business strategy. As we often say, "Great strategy is more about great execution than great thinking." Looking ahead to our next century, we remain convinced that our fundamental approach is sound. We will continue to increase our strategic investments in acquisitions and R&D, focusing on innovative products in high-growth areas. We will strive for continuous improvement on all fronts to help ensure that our execution is as sound as our strategy. You, our shareholders, are vital to our success as well. We thank you for your loyalty and confidence, and for supporting our vision. Sincerely,

Timothy M. Ring
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

John H. Weiland
President and Chief Operating Officer

February 25, 2008

5

