TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:

Consistent growth has been a hallmark of C.R.Bard, Inc., for many years, and we're pleased to report that this trend continued in 2008. For six straight years, our emphasis on product innovation, market leadership, diligent investment in our business and fiscal discipline has led to adjusted EPS growth above our 14% target. In addition, we increased our annual dividend payout to shareholders for the 37th consecutive calendar year.
We have generated these results while investing heavily in research and development (R&D), sales expansion and business development, and, in turn, Bard's future. Our consistent strategy together with more than 11,000 employees around the world committed to the execution of our plan helped make 2008 another year of impressive performance. 2008 Financial Highlights · Net sales growth: 11% as reported and 10% in constant currency · Net income: $416.5 million as reported; $455.4 million (up 13%) excluding items that affect the comparability of results between periods (as identified in financial highlights inside the front cover)
John H. Weiland President and Chief Operating Officer Timothy M. Ring Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

· EPS: $4.06 as reported; $4.44 (up 16%) excluding items that impact the comparability of results between periods (as identified in financial highlights inside the front cover) Bard is well-positioned to meet the changing demands of the marketplace in the years ahead. With a product portfolio that spans four major categories ­ vascular, urology, oncology and surgical specialties ­ our success is not overly dependent on any one device or segment. The market for each of these product groups is expected to grow as the ranks of senior citizens swell and life spans increase. Reducing Costs for Customers In October, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) eliminated reimbursement to healthcare facilities for costs related to certain hospital-acquired infections (HAIs), recognizing that preventing urinary tract infections (UTIs), for example, is better than treating them. Our BARDEX® I.C. Foley catheter has been assisting in the prevention of catheter-associated UTIs for over a decade. This not only has a very positive clinical impact on patients, but also helps hospitals reduce expenditures associated with lab and diagnostic tests, antibiotics, physician consults and extra room and care charges.

2

In 2008, we marked the first full year of sales of our AGENTO® I.C. silver-coated endotracheal tube, which offers better patient outcomes and economic benefits by reducing the incidence of ventilator-associated pneumonia (VAP) ­ one of the most costly HAIs. Studies have shown that VAP can lead to extended hospitalization and increased mortality, adding as much as $40,000 per incident to hospital costs. In August, the Journal of the American Medical Association published the results of the North American Silver-Coated Endotracheal Tube (NASCENT) clinical study, which enrolled approximately 2,000 patients in 54 hospitals ­ the largest clinical trial in Bard's history. The study demonstrated that the AGENTO® I.C. endotracheal tube reduced the incidence of VAP in patients intubated for 24 hours or longer by 36%, with a 48% reduction within the critical first 10 days of intubation (see page 10). Infection control isn't the only area where our products help patients and offer potential savings. For instance, STATLOCK® stabilization devices may cost more than a strip of tape, but they help prevent complications and reduce unscheduled restarts of intravenous (IV) lines, saving valuable time and money. Another example is the POWERPICC SOLOTM catheter (see page 8) which incorporates an innovative proximal valve that reduces the need for catheter flushing to once a week, with saline only, eliminating the time, cost and risks associated with daily flushing with salineheparin solutions. Beyond always striving to improve clinical outcomes, we will continue to offer our customers the tools they need to keep escalating healthcare costs in check. Putting the Patient First In recent years, there has been increasing scrutiny of the relationships between the medical device industry and healthcare professionals. We are committed to AdvaMed's recently revised Code of Ethics, and will continue to conduct our business in a manner that ensures that our interactions with clinicians reflect the highest ethical standards, with the needs of patients always paramount. Patient and clinician needs also drive us to engineer into our products the highest level of quality possible. We do not take this responsibility lightly. In fact, many of our employees and their loved ones have used our devices, and any one of us may need to depend on a Bard product at any given time. Tim Onley, whom you will meet on page 8, is a perfect example.

To that end, we continue to increase our investments in product quality and R&D, adding highly skilled staff and bringing important functions in-house, such as the management of clinical trials. In 2008, we sponsored 21 clinical trials, up from four as recently as 2004. Overall, we increased our spending on R&D to $199 million in 2008. These investments have yielded many new products, including the three recently approved peripheral vascular devices described below. Our Product Groups Vascular The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has recently issued Bard three pre-market approvals: the E·LUMINEXXTM vascular stent for treatment of common external iliac artery occlusions; the FLAIRTM endovascular stent graft for treatment of stenosis in synthetic arteriovenous bypass grafts; and the LIFESTENT® FLEXSTAR vascular stent, the only stent on the market in the United States for treatment of occlusive disease in the superficial femoral artery (SFA) and proximal popliteal artery. Atrial fibrillation (A-fib) products are the fastest growing component of our electrophysiology business, driven primarily by our BARD® HD mesh ablation catheter in Europe (see page 6). The U.S. A-fib opportunity is estimated to be much larger than in Europe, and patient enrollment for our MAGELLAN pivotal clinical study is well underway. With our VACORA® vacuum-assisted biopsy device and ULTRACLIP® breast tissue marker, we have moved into a leadership position in the ultrasound segment of the $435 million global breast biopsy market. We are listening carefully to our customers as we design and develop our next-generation biopsy devices, which we think will further raise the bar in this area. The peripheral percutaneous transluminal angioplasty (PTA) market is about $395 million globally, growing roughly 11% annually. The DORADO® PTA catheter utilizes our proprietary high-pressure balloon technology that provides very consistent balloon diameters, even at high pressures, enabling precise vessel dilatation. The VACCESSTM product line of high-pressure specialty PTA catheters, launched in the first quarter of 2008, utilizes our high-pressure and non-compliant technology in a configuration specifically designed for use in cost-conscious dialysis access centers. The performance of these two catheters helped accelerate growth in our PTA line in 2008.

3

Urology We continue to expand into faster growing and more profitable areas including infection control, continence management and catheter stabilization, making the urology market in which we compete worth approximately $2.1 billion globally. As we mentioned earlier, our infection control products are well-positioned to benefit from the CMS reimbursement changes and increasing customer awareness of the costs of HAIs. We continue to enjoy strong demand for our STATLOCK® catheter stabilization devices, a product line we acquired in 2006. Since the acquisition, we've launched nearly 100 products in this family, and we see a lot more opportunity for growth. Our continence management business has been primarily focused on treating female incontinence and pelvic floor prolapse, a roughly $555 million global market. Our pipeline for this segment focuses on less invasive procedures that can be performed in the hospital, surgical center and, ultimately, the physician's office. Our AJUSTTM sling platform was launched in Europe late in 2008 and is the first sling on the market to offer two-way adjustability in a single-incision product. Early clinical feedback from both doctors and their patients in Europe is encouraging, demonstrating the benefits of the unique and proprietary features of this novel device. We have recently expanded the boundaries of our continence offerings with the launch of the DIGNICARETM stool management system, an indwelling lower bowel catheter designed to reduce the risk of skin breakdown, minimize exposure to infectious microorganisms including Clostridium difficile, and reduce the time and expense associated with fecal incontinence. Oncology Peripherally inserted central catheters (PICCs) comprise a $335 million global market growing approximately 16% annually, as more institutions recognize their clinical and economic benefits for patients who will be on IV therapy for more than a few days. We have advanced PICC technology with new features including power injection capability and tip locator and proximal valve technology. We will continue to enhance PICC performance through the use of new materials and coatings that further extend their use and enhance their safety and efficacy. For example, we are currently developing electrocardiogram PICC tip confirmation technology, which has the potential to revolutionize the PICC market. If successful, it will

complement our SITE~RITE® ultrasound and SHERLOCK® tip location systems by allowing the nurse to place the PICC at the bedside, confirm its tip location and, potentially, release the patient for therapy immediately, without the need for X-ray confirmation. The $260 million global port market is growing at about 8% per year, and together with PICCs, represents about 70% of our total oncology business. In mid-2008, we launched the magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) compatible intermediatesized POWERPORT® device, which is now the largest selling standard port configuration on the market. In June, we acquired Specialized Health Products International, Inc., a leading producer of safety winged infusion sets, which are used to access an implanted port 26 times over the typical patient's course of treatment. Early in 2009, we plan to launch the POWERPORT® DUO dual-lumen port with power injection capability. This product is specifically designed to support patients who require multiple lumens for additional intravenous therapy or who need simultaneous injections of incompatible drugs. Also in the first half of 2009, we anticipate launching a new low-profile POWERPORT® device to support the needs of pediatric patients and patients who prefer to have their port placed in the upper arm. Surgical Specialties The global market for Bard's hernia repair products is approximately $825 million, growing about 7% annually. In the past year, several new technologies helped to stabilize our hernia repair portfolio which should set the stage for future growth. We introduced the SEPRAMESHTM IP product line as our first absorbable barrier product and launched an enhanced version of our PERMASORB® resorbable fixation device. We launched our VENTRIOTM hernia patch in the United States in October, which incorporates a proprietary self-deployment ring made of polydioxanone that completely resorbs as the hernia repair takes hold. For inguinal hernia repair, we plan to launch later in 2009 the next generation of our marketleading PERFIX® plug and 3DMAX® mesh technologies for open and laparoscopic surgical repair. We recently launched the COLLAMEND® FM implant, a biologic ventral repair product designed to promote rapid healing and tissue in-growth for complex hernia repairs. Early in 2009, we plan to launch the SORBAFIXTM fastening device, a new platform in the hernia fixation space. It has received very positive early physician feedback in testing, and will be our springboard to the new PERMAFIXTM permanent tack fixation device, scheduled to launch later this year.

4

Enrollment in the TRIM feasibility study for our endoscopically based proprietary suturing technology and its application to bariatric procedures for the treatment of obesity has been completed. Early results are very promising, with patients able to leave the hospital on the same day of treatment, reporting only minimal discomfort. Expanding Overseas Historically, our primary overseas markets have been Europe and Japan. Today, Bard's products are marketed through subsidiaries and joint ventures in over 100 countries outside the United States. We are currently expanding our presence in the world's most populous country, China, with three offices and a sales force that continues to grow. In 2008, we opened our first direct sales and marketing offices in Poland, the Czech Republic and South Africa. This year, we plan to do the same in Brazil, which will be our first direct sales and marketing office in South America. Establishing direct sales teams in these countries allows us to accelerate growth and facilitate greater customer contact and support in these markets. It also gives us the opportunity to provide more education and training for clinicians, and enables them to have faster access to the latest Bard technologies. Our Leadership Our experienced and knowledgeable Board of Directors continues into 2009 unchanged, providing steady guidance in a turbulent economy, while three long-serving members of our corporate management team announced their retirements in 2008. Joseph Cherry, James Natale and Amy Paul each played a key role in many of the company's accomplishments over the past two decades, and we wish to thank them for their contributions to Bard's success. In each case, we identified a capable replacement from within the organization. Timothy Collins, Group Vice President, Operations, Brian Kelly, Group Vice President, Corporate Healthcare Services and Sharon Alterio, Group Vice President for our International businesses, have smoothly transitioned into their important new roles. We also welcomed two new Corporate Officers from outside the organization who are focusing their efforts on the critical areas of quality and regulatory compliance: Gary Dolch, Ph.D., Senior Vice President ­ Quality, Regulatory and Medical Affairs, and Patrician Christian, Vice President ­ Regulatory Affairs.

Looking Ahead In 2008, approximately 80% of our record $2.45 billion in sales was derived from products that are number one or two in their respective markets. Product leadership remains our key strategic focus, and it will continue to drive us to develop and acquire devices for which clinicians lead the purchasing decisions, and for which we can demonstrate positive clinical outcomes. We will continue to look for opportunities in fast growing markets and in segments that may be overlooked or under-resourced, and our product and business decisions will focus on prospects for a sustainable competitive advantage. The year ahead will present many challenges for business leaders around the world. With a disciplined approach and sound fundamentals, we're confident that Bard is positioned to meet these challenges. We would like to thank you, our shareholders, and our devoted employees for supporting our vision in 2008 and the years ahead. Sincerely,

Timothy M. Ring
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

John H. Weiland
President and Chief Operating Officer

February 23, 2009

5

