TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:

One of the traits that characterizes our company's performance in 2004 is "continuous improvement." We've enhanced our processes, introduced new and innovative products throughout the year and improved our financial performance. Our success results from the continued execution of our long-term growth strategy and our employees' dedication to incremental improvements each and every day. Bard's core values of quality, integrity, service and innovation were clearly demonstrated by our employees this year, and we appreciate their passion, loyalty and dedication. The ultimate criterion upon which we judge our success, however, is the ability of our products to improve the lives of patients through the extension or enhancement of their quality of life and clinical outcomes. The Bard products featured on the following pages of this report were chosen as examples of attaining this important standard we've set for ourselves. The stories illustrate the collaborative and innovative spirit that permeates our daily work on behalf of patients all over the globe. 2004 Financial Highlights · Net sales growth: 16% as reported; ongoing net sales growth: 14% (in constant currency) · Gross profit margin: 60.1% versus 57.5% in 2003 · R&D expenditures: $111.6 million, up 28% over 2003 · Net income: $302.8 million (up 80%) as reported · Net income: $262.7 million (up 29%) excluding items identified in the financial highlights on page 1 · EPS: $2.82 (up 76%) as reported · EPS: $2.45 (up 27%) excluding items identified in the financial highlights on page 1 · Cash and short-term investments (at year end):$545.4 million · Debt to total capital ratio (at year end): 10.0% · Return on average shareholders' investment: 25.2% In 2004, Bard's businesses benefited from innovative product technology, which helped to expand our markets and market share and generate momentum for the future: Endovascular Business CONQUEST TM Balloon Dilatation Catheter Patients undergoing chronic hemodialysis often develop a partial or complete blockage in their vessels used for vascular access. Angioplasty balloons are commonly used to reopen the blockage. Our CONQUEST product combines a low-profile balloon with an ability to generate the very high pressures often required to reopen the vessel, making it a popular choice for this application. The global market for dialysis access repair is anticipated to reach $60 million in 2005, and we expect our products and technologies to continue to play an important role in this market expansion.

FLUENCY ® Stent Graft Our FLUENCY product (featured in this report) is Bard's first stent graft introduction. In the United States, it is used to treat the narrowing of the airway connecting the mouth and nose to the lungs. Such narrowing is usually due to either benign or malignant tissue growth. In Europe, the FLUENCY stent graft is indicated for opening arteries in the upper part of the leg. The global market for stent grafts is currently $75 million and anticipated to grow to more than $100 million in the near future. RECOVERY ® Vena Cava Filter Vena cava filters are designed to prevent blood clots from traveling to the lungs. Our RECOVERY filter is removable, the first of its kind in the U.S. The RECOVERY filter was fully introduced into the U.S. market in early 2004 and drove net sales growth of 96 percent in our vena cava filter business in 2004. VACORATM Vacuum-Assisted Biopsy System Our new VACORA vacuum-assisted biopsy system is used in breast biopsies, 2.3 million of which are performed globally each year. VACORA is a minimally invasive biopsy device that obtains high-quality tissue samples and can be used in conjunction with x-ray, ultrasound and MRI procedures. It is proving to be a very versatile tool for physicians. Urology Business PELVILACE TM Biouretheral Support System PELVITEX TM Polypropylene Mesh Urinary incontinence and pelvic-floor prolapse are significant health and quality-of-life issues for women. An estimated 25 million Americans suffer from urinary incontinence ­ 85 percent of them women. Our PELVILACE sling technology, launched in early 2004, is a natural tissue product that offers a less invasive approach to the surgical treatment of incontinence. Today, only about 25 percent of pelvic-floor prolapse repairs performed in the United States utilize a graft implant. The excellent results of graft-based therapies are expected to grow this market rapidly over the next several years. Introduced in early 2004, our PELVITEX product is a composite collagen-coated synthetic mesh designed to promote strong repair of the pelvic floor. Combined with our other natural and synthetic products and bulking agents, Bard offers the broadest array of technologies in the marketplace to treat these conditions. TEGRESSTM Implantable Bulking Agent Complementing our surgical product line and further enhancing our position in the incontinence market, we recently acquired TEGRESS, a promising implantable bulking agent for the treatment of stress urinary incontinence. With an aging population and increased popularity of less invasive therapies, the TEGRESS product offers women an effective and first-line treatment choice, particularly for patients who want to avoid, or are not candidates for, surgery.

3

Specialty Access Business POWERPICC TM Venous Access Catheter Peripherally inserted central catheters (PICCs) are placed into a large vein in the arm, providing access to the central venous system so that chemotherapeutic agents, antibiotics and intravenous (I.V.) fluids can be administered and blood sampled. Our new POWERPICC device (featured in this report) eliminates the need to place additional catheters in a significant number of patients who also require contrast enhanced computed tomography (CT) scans. Our proprietary design allows the POWERPICC catheter to be used to inject contrast media at high flow rates, resulting in better images and increasing the reliability of the diagnosis. HEMOSPLIT ® Dialysis Catheter In the United States alone, more than 100,000 new patients are diagnosed each year with end-stage renal disease. Bard's specialty access business has provided high-quality dialysis catheters for the past two decades and, with the HEMOSPLIT long-term dialysis catheter, we are furthering our growth in this $150 million market. It is designed to help patients whose conditions require a catheter to remain in their body for a long period of time. The HEMOSPLIT catheter is a prime example of our continuous improvement process to develop new product offerings to meet clinical challenges, deliver better patient outcomes and stay ahead of the market. Soft Tissue Repair Business VENTRALEX ® Hernia Repair Patch Bard is the market leader in products to treat groin and abdominal hernias. The VENTRALEX patch, one of our top performing products, addresses umbilical hernias in the abdomen. The traditional method of repairing an umbilical hernia ­ using sutures ­ can result in recurrence rates as high as 55 percent versus 1 percent for repairs using mesh like the VENTRALEX hernia patch. VENTRALEX uses our COMPOSIX® mesh technology, our patented combination of polypropylene mesh covered with expanded polytetrafluoroethylene (ePTFE), a nonstick coating. The result is a simplified umbilical hernia repair with minimal suturing, small incisions, better clinical outcomes and a faster, easier recovery period. SALUTE ® Fixation System In 2004, we acquired the SALUTE fixation system for hernia repairs (featured in this report). Used primarily for laparoscopic hernia repair procedures, this unique device uses proprietary technology to create a small stainless steel ring that passes through tissue like a suture, holding securely while avoiding deep tissue penetration.

Producing products that contribute to patient satisfaction is one of Bard's key goals. David Buxman, of Columbia, Missouri, developed a malignant tumor in his chest while a student at the University of Missouri. A BARDPORT® facilitated his chemotherapy treatments and eliminated the need for a new catheter to be inserted for each treatment.

4

Endoscopic Technologies Business Consistent with our strategic objectives, Bard divested certain assets of its Endoscopic Technologies division to ConMed Corporation in September 2004, and transferred its endoscopic suturing product lines and enteral feeding business to other Bard divisions. We believe this transaction will enhance our long-term growth profile and is in the best interest of our shareholders. Redefining Bard As impressive and vital as our financial results and new product offerings are, they tell only part of the story about Bard. During the past few years, we've focused on redefining our company and the way we do business. We don't want to be characterized by financial results only. Our strategic vision is about much more than that. First and foremost, we are a company that understands that innovation is a critical element of success in the medical technology industry. We know that innovation takes time, capital, focus and a long-term perspective. We are steadfast in our commitment to market leadership. Nearly 79 percent of our 2004 ongoing net sales were derived from products in which the company has a number one or number two market share position. In 2004, net sales of products introduced within the last 12 months were $97million, and we see similar momentum in 2005. We are a company that strives to grow revenue as a primary objective. We believe consistent and reliable double-digit revenue growth is a key indicator of the health of our company ­ and the value of your investment. The world is full of great ideas, but a process to quickly and productively cultivate these ideas is necessary to feed our growing R&D pipeline. In 2004, Bard fully implemented rigorous idea generation and portfolio management processes. These tools have dramatically improved the flow of new ideas from both internal and external sources and have heightened the discipline with which we review the ideas. We supplement these efforts by funding third-party development projects and by acquiring products or technologies we consider a good fit with our existing businesses. We are an organization that is uniquely balanced across our product lines. We have achieved solid growth in our core product areas of Vascular, Urology, Oncology and Surgical Specialties. Our sales growth was nicely balanced between the United States, Europe, Japan and the rest of the world, with net sales in all geographic segments increasing by double digits in 2004.

We are implementing a lean manufacturing process in our plants worldwide. Our manufacturing organization has done a tremendous job in streamlining operations and minimizing costs and, in 2005, is focusing on further improvements and volume leverage. These programs provide the fuel to fund our long-term growth strategy. In 2004, for example, our improved gross margin and strong cash flow allowed us to invest in research and development at a rate of 6.7 percent of net sales ­ an increase of 28 percent from 2003. We expect that figure to be between 6.5 percent and 7.5 percent of net sales in 2005. Between 2003 and 2004, we tripled the number of acquisition opportunities we assessed, and added resources by putting dedicated business development individuals in each of our divisions. Recognizing that the returns from increased innovation will not be maximized without first-class productivity at the field sales level, we have expanded our sales force globally. In 2004, we implemented a program to hire 100 new field sales professionals and placed them in areas where we see the most significant opportunities. This follows an expansion of roughly 50 field sales representatives in 2003. The added sales resources increase our potential to get new products in front of customers faster and benefit from their feedback. This intense collaboration at the call point level ­ usually with the physician ­ stimulates the discovery and development of many of our new technologies and facilitates enhancements to our existing products. We make it our business to understand and meet our customers' needs. Of all of Bard's "defining characteristics"we are particularly proud of our company-wide commitment to continuous improvement. A diverse business like ours demands consistent discipline and adherence to the fundamentals. We have, by design, become more focused on the process and measurement of virtually everything we do. It's not a New-Age management philosophy; it is simply putting significant focus on the basics and keeping a keen eye on the metrics. R&D Review As we have said many times before, one of the most critical components of our revenue growth strategy is our ability to identify, manufacture and market innovative, technology-based solutions to treat disease and disability. Bard's significant increase in R&D investment in recent years ­ from $53 million in 2001 to $112 million in 2004 ­ is a measure of our commitment to innovation and evidence of our ability to execute our growth strategy.

5

Bard's Worldwide R&D Council (from front to back, clockwise) John DeFord, Ph.D., Vice President, Science and Technology Scott Britton, Vice President, R&D ­ Bard Urological Kelly Powers, Vice President, R&D ­ Bard Access Systems David Brin, Vice President, R&D (Disposables) ­ Bard Electrophysiology David MacAdam, Director, R&D (Systems) ­ Bard Electrophysiology Len DeCant, Vice President, R&D ­ Bard Peripheral Vascular David Ciavarella, M.D., Staff Vice President, Corporate Clinical Affairs Roger Darois, Vice President, Product Development ­ Davol Not pictured are James Walls, Vice President, R&D ­ Bard Medical Chris Koppenborg, Director, R&D ­ Angiomed Robert Mellen, Vice President, Strategic Planning and Business Development

However, we've also adopted a longer-term strategic view of our R&D function. In 2004, we created a pivotal new position, vice president, science and technology and appointed John A.DeFord, Ph.D., to oversee Bard's growing research and development efforts. John has a broad background in medical technology and more recently in venture capital funding. His mandate is to work closely with our global R&D teams and marketing professionals to discover and develop new technologies and product platforms. In recent years, our increased focus on R&D has yielded some significant results. We have strengthened our infrastructure ­ creating an interactive R&D Council (pictured left) to share diverse experiences, and leverage ideas and best practices among our divisions. The council has designed a portfolio management tool to measure improvement and effectiveness in our product development process, and as a result, our product development pipeline has increased to more than 150 active projects. One example is the application of Bard's infection control coating expertise to our Respiratory Infection Control (RIC) endotracheal tube project. Nearly 10 percent of patients intubated with an endotracheal tube for more than 24 hours develop ventilator-associated pneumonia which has a 50 percent mortality rate. Our objective is for the RIC product to demonstrate a significant reduction in this type of pneumonia. A randomized, multicenter clinical trial is currently under way. Board and Organizational Changes Throughout the year, our board of directors provided outstanding leadership and support. Their sound judgment and insight has served our company well, and our success is due in no small part to the role they play. In 2004, we welcomed Gail K. Naughton, Ph.D., to our board. Gail joined Bard with a unique depth and breadth of industry knowledge and experience, as well as a distinguished academic career. We will certainly benefit from her guidance and we look forward to working with her in the coming years. In April 2005, our former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, William H.Longfield, will retire from our board. For more than 15 years, Bill's association with Bard has led to our company's superior performance and consistent growth and we are grateful for his leadership and vision. On behalf of our employees around the world, we want to express our gratitude for his contribution to Bard's success.

Since our last annual report to shareholders, we bid farewell to one of our corporate officers, Nadia J. Bernstein. Nadia served as vice president, general counsel and secretary of Bard for five years before her retirement in September. We thank Nadia for her dedication and service and wish her well in retirement. In October 2004, the board of directors elected Judith A. Reinsdorf to serve as vice president, general counsel and secretary. Judy has considerable legal experience in the healthcare business sector and is a valuable addition to our management team. Outlook for 2005 Our strategy is straightforwardand our priorities are consistent. We will work to create long-term growth by continuing to operate as a diversified company, offering medical technology treatments and options for a variety of diseases and disabilities. A former automotive industry CEO once said that great strategy is more about great execution than great thinking. While both are critical, we believe the greater challenge is the ability to execute. So, we are very pleased with our progress in the execution of both our growth strategy and the day-to-day fundamentals of our business and operations. Going forward, we will strive for continuous improvement ­ raising the bar higher every day. We will remain focused on meeting the needs of our customers, strengthening our long-term potential and enhancing shareholder value. Finally, we thank you, our shareholders, for your support and confidence in our leadership. Sincerely,

Timothy M. Ring
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

John H. Weiland
President and Chief Operating Officer

February 28, 2005

7

