TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
In 2010, we continued to achieve solid results in a challenging environment, generating 7% net sales growth in constant currency, up from 6% in 2009. Bard continued to drive revenue growth through innovation, providing clinicians with differentiated products to better meet the needs of their patients.

Timothy M. Ring Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

John H. Weiland President and Chief Operating Officer

2

We reached record levels of organic research and development (R&D) in 2010. In all, we invested over $180 million in R&D and participated in a record 37 clinical trials while navigating a regulatory approval process that has become increasingly difficult. We focused on operational excellence, developing an even more innovative and diverse portfolio, launching 37 new products and expanding in emerging markets like China and Brazil. We also achieved record performance in business development, gross margin and sales-force deployment, all key components of our growth strategy. We delivered strong year-over-year adjusted earnings per share growth of 10% while investing in and building for our future. While our industry continues to feel the residual effects of a global economy that has been slow to pull itself out of a recession, we have taken a long-term view. Our results indicate that we remain on the right strategic path. Following are some of the 2010 highlights from our four major product categories. VASCULAR Sales of the LIFESTENT® vascular stent have more than doubled in the past two years. We continue to enjoy the benefit of having the only stent indicated for use in the superficial femoral artery in the U.S. market. While we anticipate increased competition in this area in late 2011, we believe our strong clinical data, including one-year follow-up results that were published in June and twoand three-year follow-up results expected to be published this year, will help us maintain our leadership position. This position will be further enhanced with the planned launches of new LIFESTENT® vascular stent offerings in late 2011 and in 2012. A year ago, Bard entered the specialty percutaneous transluminal angioplasty (PTA) market with the acquisition of the VASCUTRAKTM catheter family. In early 2010, we entered the small-vessel market with our own ULTRAVERSE® PTA Balloon Dilatation Catheters. The small-vessel segment continues to be the fastest growth driver in PTA, and will be further strengthened by favorable reimbursement rates for below-the-knee procedures scheduled to begin in 2011.

Our 2010 acquisition of the CROSSERTM CTO Recanalization Catheter (see page 8), which uses high-frequency vibration to break through chronic total occlusions (CTOs), has further broadened our success and reach into treatments for vascular disease in the leg. The addition of this device to our portfolio is beginning to drive incremental LIFESTENT® vascular stent sales as physicians cross CTOs and then seek a stent solution to support the reopened artery. Building on the success of our VACORA® vacuumassisted biopsy platform, at the end of 2009 we launched the next-generation vacuum-assisted device for ultrasound-guided procedures. This product, the FINESSE® ULTRA Breast Biopsy System, is our first single-insertion, multiple-sample device (see page 10). Early in the third quarter of 2010, we seized upon an opportunity to leverage our existing success in the breast biopsy market and expand into the stereotactic X-ray segment through the acquisition of SenoRx, Inc. SenoRx was a complementary match that more than doubled the size of our biopsy franchise. In addition to the ENCOR® vacuum-assisted breast biopsy system, the transaction brought the CONTURA® breast brachytherapy catheter, tissue markers and other related devices into our portfolio. Our line of ULTRACLIP® breast tissue markers has shown strong growth since we acquired the technology in 2007, and we recently augmented the line with the launch of our new VISICLIPTM family of higher-visibility tissue markers. UROLOGY With the leading position in the U.S. Foley catheter market, Bard felt the impact of reduced hospital patient volumes in 2010. Nevertheless, our Bardex I.C. Infection Control Foley catheter line, with BACTI-GUARD®* silver coating and BARD® hydrogel, is clinically proven to reduce the occurrence of urinary tract infections in catheterized patients. We believe that as hospitals increase their focus on preventing hospital-acquired infections to reduce overall treatment costs, this line is well-positioned to return to strong growth. Our STATLOCK® catheter stabilization line saw doubledigit growth in 2010 despite similar headwinds.

3

WORLD-CLASS QUALITY Bard's goal is to do more than just comply with FDA regulations. Instead, we aim to create a total quality system that stands as the benchmark for the medical device industry. Our Quality Task Force is one of the largest and most important collaborative efforts in Bard's history, encompassing hundreds of employees from a variety of functional areas working in teams headed by the leaders pictured above. (L-R): Todd C. Schermerhorn, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; John H. Weiland, President and Chief Operating Officer; Gary D. Dolch, PhD, Senior Vice President, Quality, Regulatory and Medical Affairs; John A. DeFord, PhD, Senior Vice President, Science, Technology and Clinical Affairs; Timothy P. Collins, Group Vice President; Bronwen K. Kelly, Vice President, Human Resources; Jim C. Beasley, Group Vice President.

Early in 2010, we launched the AJUST® single-incision sling system in the United States. On the strength of its innovative, two-way post-placement adjustability and positive clinical data from Europe--where it was introduced earlier--it has bolstered our position in the market for devices that treat stress urinary incontinence in women. Our DIGNICARE® Stool Management System (SMS) maintained a strong growth profile in 2010. We received 510(k) concurrence from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in late December for our next-generation product in this space, the DIGNISHIELDTM SMS, which incorporates new material to reduce odor and an improved collection and containment system to reduce the likelihood of contamination.

ONCOLOGY At the heart of Bard's product leadership strategy is our focus on providing products with positive clinical outcomes and reduced procedural costs. Prime examples include our peripherally inserted central catheter (PICC) and implanted port product lines. In PICCs, growth has been driven primarily by upgrades to our SHERLOCK® Tip Location System (TLS) and maximum barrier PICC kits. Catheter tip-placement and tip-confirmation technology represents a significant opportunity in this franchise. In November, we acquired the SAPIENSTM electrocardiogram-based catheter tipconfirmation system (TCS), which is used as an alternative to chest X-ray and fluoroscopy for central venous catheter tip-placement confirmation in adult patients. Based on a several-hundred-patient clinical study conducted in Europe, the product received 510(k) concurrence in the United States for guidance and positioning of central venous catheters such as PICCs, implantable ports and hemodialysis catheters. We launched the SAPIENSTM TCS system in the first quarter of 2011, and late in the year we expect to launch our next-generation system called SHERLOCK 3CGTM TLS. In our estimation, the penetration of ports into the eligible U.S. chemotherapy market is less than 60%. We believe the best way to capitalize on this potential is through clinical and customer education, and by advancing port technology to improve clinical outcomes and facilitate ease of use. The POWERPORT® VUE implanted port, launched in the third quarter of 2010, includes a silicone-encapsulated body that speeds up and simplifies the placement of sutures anywhere around the base of the port. Since identification of the power injection capability of these devices is critical, the POWERPORT® VUE implanted port introduces our new TRINITYTM CT marker to provide the highest-visibility marker currently available in the market. Growth in our vascular-access ultrasound product line was led by our SITE~RITE VISION® ultrasound system, launched early in the second quarter of 2010. The SITE~RITE VISION® system gives clinicians more tools to optimize and manage ultrasound images, including a

4

color-flow Doppler display and a linear probe with controls that enable common image adjustments from within the sterile field. We've seen healthy growth in our dialysis access business, reflecting the success of our recently launched EQUISTREAM® and POWER-TRIALYSIS® catheter lines. SURGICAL SPECIALTIES Bard offers a comprehensive portfolio of natural tissue products in the soft-tissue repair market. Our growth in this franchise reflects the success of the XENMATRIX® implant in the treatment of complex hernias, and the success of our ALLOMAX® product line, particularly in breast reconstruction (see page 6), a new market segment for Bard. Whether allograft or xenograft in origin, our implants leave healthy collagen intact as the scaffold to strengthen and promote the patient's natural healing. We anticipate further expansion of the market opportunity for natural tissue as this technology continues to develop and demonstrate improved clinical performance. Bard has long been a leader in synthetic hernia products. In the third quarter of 2010, we launched the VENTRALIGHTTM ST mesh for laparoscopic ventral hernia repairs. With a 50% weight reduction, improved ease of use and the proven performance of the SEPRAMESH® IP resorbable barrier technology, this product has been well-received by customers. Our plans for 2011 include the launch of several new synthetic ventral repair meshes that incorporate the SEPRA® resorbable barrier. Sales of the innovative SORBAFIXTM resorbable anchor fixation device continue to grow at a healthy rate. We're on schedule to launch an enhanced delivery system for this and our PERMAFIXTM permanent anchor fixation device in the first half of 2011, which should continue to drive growth in fixation products. MANAGEMENT AND THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS Bard's experienced Board of Directors remained unchanged in 2010, providing the steadfast guidance and wise counsel to which we have become accustomed. We bid farewell to Vincent J. Gurnari Jr., who is retiring after leading Bard's global information technology

function since 1996. The Information Technology Solutions group is now headed by Patrick D. Roche, who joined Bard from PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. LOOKING AHEAD TO 2011 Product leadership remains a strategic priority for Bard. Today, 82% of our sales are generated by products that are number one or number two in the market. We strive to offer clinical solutions with the best value in terms of outcomes and cost. By increasing our investments in research and development, quality control, and sales-force size and effectiveness, we're turning market challenges into a competitive advantage. To sustain this advantage, we count upon the commitment and dedication of almost 12,000 employees around the world. We know we speak for all of them when we thank you, our shareholders, for your ongoing support and confidence. Sincerely,

Timothy M. Ring Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

John H. Weiland President and Chief Operating Officer

February 28, 2011

5

