TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:

At Bard, quality and innovation are the lifeblood of our growth strategy and define the future of our businesses. The company's solid financial results for 2006 are a direct result of our commitment to offer our patients and customers the most advanced medical technologies possible while achieving consistent growth. To meet or exceed our goals, we continually refine our existing products, research and develop exciting new technologies and pursue strategic acquisition opportunities. In 2006, as we expanded our investments in research and development (R&D) and business development, we also fine-tuned the process by which we evaluate these opportunities to help achieve market leadership ­ the number one or two market position ­ with each of our products or product lines. For example, we have instituted a program across all of our divisions in which R&D and marketing teams actively listen to the voice of the customer. By observing clinicians where they work and use our products, we become skilled at anticipating our customers' needs. New strategies evolve through these tactical alliances, where product modifications or potentially groundbreaking new technologies are often created. As a result, this "idea partnership" helps to simplify clinicians' jobs while facilitating the highest level of care to their patients. We in the medical technology business compete in an industry in which the health and well-being of millions of patients are at stake. Success requires more than sound strategies; it relies on the dedication of great people committed to executing those strategies, and improving day in and day out ­"getting better at getting better." We are particularly fortunate to have outstanding employees whose efforts around the world make the following results possible: 2006 Financial Highlights · Net sales growth:12% as reported and in constant currency · Net income: $272.1 million as reported; $374.7 million (up 17%) excluding items that impact the comparability of results between periods as identified in financial highlights on page 1 · EPS: $2.55 as reported; $3.51 (up 18%) excluding items that impact the comparability of results between periods as identified in financial highlights on page 1 · Stock price: up 26% over 2005 close

New Products and Technologies A commitment to innovation requires a steady flow of new ideas to ensure that we never become complacent with existing products, and never assume that last year's technology is sufficient to maintain market leadership. In 2006, we invested $146 million in R&D, up from $53 million in 2001 ­ a level of commitment that is producing tangible results. In 2006: · almost $500 million of total net sales came from products launched or acquired in the last three years; · we generated over 500 patentable ideas and filed more than 200 U.S. patent applications, up 110% and 70%, respectively, from 2005; · we allocated $22 million to clinical trials with products nearing the market launch stage. Equally important, we continue to seek acquisition opportunities for companies and products that meet our criteria, expand our product portfolio and further our growth objectives. A few of the exciting products developed at Bard or acquired through business development efforts are featured in this report: VACORA® Vacuum-Assisted Biopsy Device ­ This device from Bard Peripheral Vascular represents the world's first fully self-contained vacuum-assisted biopsy system. Its lighter, smaller size reduces setup time and gives clinicians greater flexibility and control, while obtaining intact samples to facilitate an accurate diagnosis (see page 6). BARD® COLLAMEND® Patch ­This proprietary implant, developed by our Davol unit, offers an all-natural, biologic alternative for hernia repair, representing a breakthrough for patients who have complicated ventral (abdominal) hernias (see page 8). STATLOCK® Stabilization Devices ­ Added to our product portfolio through our acquisition of Venetec International, Inc., these devices provide increased patient comfort, improved efficiency for clinicians and greater value to our customers (see page 10). To convert our innovative processes into consistent, reliable business growth, innovation must occur continuously and across our broad spectrum of products and markets. Each of our four main business units (vascular, urology, oncology and surgical specialties) introduced an array of inventive products in 2006, laying the groundwork for further growth in the years ahead.

3

Vascular Business In August 2006, new guidelines jointly released in the United States and Europe recommended catheter ablations as the second line of treatment for patients with atrial fibrillation (A-fib), after anti-arrhythmic drugs have failed. Traditionally, due to the difficulties and potential complications posed by the ablation procedures ­ which involve creating a series of lesions with an electrically charged catheter to isolate and eliminate trouble spots ­ most electrophysiologists postponed performing the procedures until better technology became available. With nearly 50 years of experience in electrophysiology catheter technology, Bard has answered that call. Our new BARD® HD mesh ablation system is designed to both map and ablate large surface areas of atrial tissue around the pulmonary vein. The mesh ablation system uses the proprietary TEMPULSETM RF controller, a device that distributes pulsed, rather than continuous, radio-frequency energy to better control tissue temperatures and increase precision and efficiency. In 2006, this system received CE Mark clearance in Europe followed by a controlled European rollout in October. In the United States, we expect to complete our feasibility study and begin enrollment in a pivotal study in the second half of 2007. Urology Business Bard is an industry leader in the effort to control and eradicate hospital-associated infections. Our market-leading infection control Foley catheter has provided a strategic foundation for our urology business. This expertise in infection control has led to the development of our respiratory infection control AG ENTOTM I.C. endotracheal tube. In clinical trials concluded in 2006, the AG ENTO I.C. endotracheal tube produced promising results, and we believe this device will become an important tool in the prevention of ventilator associated pneumonia. The global market for slings, pelvic floor reconstruction devices and other surgical continence products is estimated at $350 million annually, and is expected to grow close to 20% for the next several years. Bard is well-positioned to capture a significant share of that growth, thanks to a strong line of existing products and additional technologies currently in our pipeline. Our trans-vaginal and trans-obturator slings are undergoing improvements to better facilitate sling placement inside the patient. Bard's successful pelvic floor product, the AVAULTATM biosynthetic support system, will also be enhanced.

Oncology Business We expect our power injection platform to continue to provide the primary growth opportunities in our oncology business. Power injection catheters, based on a technology platform invented by Bard, represent significant clinical advantages when used with ports, chronic catheters and peripherally inserted central catheters (PICCs). In 2006, Bard Access Systems introduced the POWERPORT® implantable port, the first such device indicated for power injection. The device provides increased comfort for patients undergoing cancer treatments, and greater efficiency for clinicians. We estimate the global port market to be approximately $200 million. In 2006, we launched our SHERLOCKTM catheter tip location system which helps clinicians avoid errors when placing a PICC in a patient. We will continue to roll out the complete line of SHERLOCK location products in the United States in the first half of 2007, and plan to introduce improvements ­ such as a larger sensing area and an improved user interface ­ throughout the year. Surgical Specialties Business The World Health Organization predicts the number of overweight and obese people, now more than 1.3 billion worldwide, will grow by 50% over the next decade. With this epidemic has come a rapid increase in gastric bypass surgeries. As many as one-quarter of these surgeries, however, could fail mechanically, resulting in patients regaining weight. Repair by open or laparoscopic surgical methods can be risky and invasive, greatly limiting the number of eligible patients. Bard has approached this problem using a proprietary vacuum-assisted suturing technology which may hold the key to a significantly less invasive alternative for the treatment of obesity. This investigational device is currently being studied at multiple U.S. clinical sites. Our market-leading soft tissue repair products, including our new BARD® COLLAMEND® patch, drive our surgical specialties business. Our SALUTE® fixation system, introduced in 2004, has garnered 25% of the U.S. hernia fixation market. In December 2006, we launched a new, disposable version of the SALUTE fixation system, which eliminates costs associated with the cleaning and re-sterilization of reusable devices. Enhancing Our Quality Systems As a manufacturer of life-sustaining technologies, our success depends upon a commitment to quality on the part of every employee. While quality is one of Bard's longstanding

4

core values, we recognize that the drive to improve in this critical area must be sustained on a daily basis. In mid-2006, we launched a wide-ranging quality initiative program to re-examine our global design and manufacturing processes. Each month, we measure the quality of our operations within four categories: 1) Customer satisfaction: examining feedback from those who use our products; 2) Compliance: seeing that we meet or exceed the complex requirements of regulatory agencies in the United States and abroad; 3) Performance metrics: measuring results against internal standards; and 4) Sourcing: closely monitoring products from our raw materials and component suppliers. Investments in Manufacturing and Sterilization As we continue to focus on new products, we must guarantee that our manufacturing capabilities keep pace with our innovations. In 2006, one of our most exciting infrastructure investments to date ­ our state-of-the-art manufacturing facility in Humacao, Puerto Rico ­ opened for business. The 200,000-square-foot plant, located near San Juan, is designed to support the growth in production driven by our increased investment in R&D and new product acquisitions. With its supportive government and skilled, educated workforce, Puerto Rico is an exceptional environment for manufacturing. The facility currently manufactures mesh products for our Davol unit; grafts, fabrics, shunts and the VACORA® biopsy system for Bard Peripheral Vascular; and catheters and feeding devices for Bard Access Systems. In 2007, the facility will begin manufacturing products for Bard Medical division. When operating at full capacity, the Humacao facility will employ up to 400 people. Sterilization is a critical step in the manufacture of medical devices. In 2006, we put the finishing touches on our new, technologically-advanced sterilization center in Madison, Georgia. The 104,000-square-foot facility, which opened in early 2007, is strategically located just a few miles from our world-class Global Distribution Center, completed in 2004. This pairing enables us to quickly and efficiently sterilize products manufactured worldwide for all Bard divisions, while maintaining optimum quality and control. Built to the highest standards of safety, the new facility reflects our overall commitment to continuous investment in our core manufacturing operations, and strengthens Bard's position as an industry leader for cost-effective medical device sterilization.

Board of Directors The continuity of leadership among our distinguished Board of Directors is an essential component in the execution of our long-term growth strategy. Each of our directors has lent his or her expertise and counsel to our decision making, and we are grateful for their steadfast support, guidance and commitment. Outlook for 2007 While we look forward to every new year as an opportunity to get better at what we do, 2007 holds special significance, as it marks Bard's 100th anniversary. At a time when new companies disappear almost as quickly as they appear, we are particularly proud of our century-long legacy, and our heritage of quality, integrity, service and innovation ­ core values established and handed down by previous generations of Bard employees. We believe the most appropriate way to honor those who came before us is to view 2007 as the culmination of 100 years in business and the beginning of a new century of progress and innovation. We are excited about the future ­ especially for the possibility of discovering new technologies that will help clinicians provide superior care to patients around the world. Finally, we thank you, our shareholders, for your loyalty and support as we continue to execute our business strategy and focus on innovation, market leadership and consistent growth in 2007 and beyond. Sincerely,

Timothy M. Ring
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

John H. Weiland
President and Chief Operating Officer

February 26, 2007

5

