DEAR SHAREHOLDERS
Faced with flat organic growth and headwinds in many of our developed markets, we committed to an ambitious strategic investment plan that began in 2013 and was intended to both restore growth and enhance our long-term prospects. Our strong performance in 2016 demonstrated the continued effectiveness of this investment plan, the capable execution of our highperforming team and the durability of the improved organic growth profile of the company.
GROWING ACROSS THE BOARD, AROUND THE WORLD
Our success is truly global in nature. We launched 45 new products in 2016 and exhibited broad strength across the portfolio in each of our four businesses, both in the United States and internationally.  Our Vascular business performed near the top of our guidance range for the year, as we continue to see very strong growth from the Lutonix® drug-coated balloon (DCB) globally. Recently, the U.S. Food & Drug Administration moved the primary endpoint for the Lutonix® Below-the-Knee trial from 12 to 6 months, and, with more indications expected in 2017 and 2018, we believe our leadership in the DCB market will continue. Our stent portfolio saw improved growth in 2016, and we are investing in new stent platforms for future growth (see page 7). Our biopsy portfolio of products also made strong contributions in 2016, driven by exceptional growth in emerging markets.  Our Oncology business performed above the guidance range we provided, led by our dialysis products, ports, peripherally-inserted central catheters (PICCs) and midline catheters. Each of these products exhibited particular strength outside the U.S.  In Urology, we performed well above the guidance range, with strong growth in basic drainage products. We also integrated Liberator Medical Holdings, Inc. ("Liberator"), a direct-to-consumer business that enhances our access to the growing home care market, specifically for intermittent self-catheterization ® products, including our recently introduced Magic3 Go hydrophilic intermittent catheter (see page 8). We believe home health is a key growth market as the population ages and more health care takes place outside of the traditional hospital setting. In Targeted Temperature Management, we are starting a new Fever Management trial for stroke patients, laying the groundwork for future indications for this unique and innovative technology.

C. R. Bard, Inc. 2016 Annual Report  3

 Surgery also performed well above our guidance range. Our synthetic hernia repair category exhibited the best growth we've seen in over a decade, driven by our revolutionary self-absorbing hernia repair products. Fixation products, including new products like the CapSureTM Permanent Fixation System, and our biosurgery product line, led by the Arista® AH absorbable hemostat, were also key drivers of growth in 2016. Overall, we believe we have the broadest portfolio of biological and synthetic soft-tissue repair products on the market.  Emerging market sales represented 10% of our total revenue in 2016, and we believe significant room for growth remains as we continue to develop markets for our PICCs, hernia repair products (see page 11), biopsy devices and other products where we can provide strong value to customers and their patients.  We also strengthened our position in Japan, one of the most significant and well-developed medical device markets in the world, as we successfully integrated our former joint venture partner, Medicon, as a wholly owned subsidiary.

PARTNERING WITH OUR CUSTOMERS
Because we emphasize adding value by solving clinical problems while reducing costs across the spectrum of care, our customers have long considered us to be more of a solutions partner than a supplier. Our ability to support these solutions with sound economic and clinical data plays a critical role in partnering with our customers to meet their needs.  As recently as 2014, we had one person who was focused on the science of health care economics and outcomes research. At the end of 2016, there were 37 professionals at Bard dedicated to this field full-time, working in each of our divisions and major regions. This team provides us with the research data and analysis that helps us capitalize on global growth opportunities. They also help us calculate--and communicate--the value of our products in terms of patient outcomes and overall costs to the broader health care system.  We also partner with customers to help improve the safety of both the patient and the clinician.  For example, the technology in our Sherlock 3CG® tip confirmation system, which is also integrated into our Site~Rite® 8 ultrasound system, is used in approximately two-thirds of our PICCs placed bedside in the U.S. This allows those customers to move away from confirmatory X-rays, which protects patients and health care workers from unnecessary radiation. We estimate that this effort has already eliminated 960,000 X-rays in the U.S. annually, saving the health care system at least $48 million per year.(1) Similarly, the GeoAlign® marker bands recently introduced on several peripheral vascular catheters are designed to increase procedure efficiency and minimize fluoroscopy exposure. Using these external markers as a guide, physicians are able to reduce the amount of fluoroscopy needed to align therapies at the treatment site, thereby reducing radiation exposure to the patient, the physician and the catheter lab staff.(2)  Due to the passage of the Affordable Care Act (ACA), U.S. hospitals have begun to receive penalties for high central-line-associated bloodstream infection rates and catheter-associated urinary tract infection rates. As a result, hospital administrators have been reviewing their protocols. Our AllpointsTM Training Program teaches the safe and effective use of our PICCs, central venous catheters, dialysis catheters and port access needles in a manner consistent with their respective instructions for use, and uses Lean Six Sigma principles to help hospitals eliminate variance in the care and maintenance of central lines. To help reduce variance in Foley catheter management practices, we designed the SureStep® Foley
(1) B  ased upon 12-month average RN bedside PICC utilization. Savings calculation based on above figure multiplied by $50, the average cost of a chest X-ray. 2016 Data  on File, BAS, Salt Lake City, UT. (2) T  he GeoAlign® Marking System was evaluated in an animal study (repeat PTA in swine artery) that was performed by 3 physicians who tested the Lutonix® 035 DCB (no drug) and the Ultraverse® 035 PTA Catheter, both with the GeoAlign® Marking System, to POBA with no GeoAlign® markings (n=112, test n=96 (with an average placement time of 66 seconds), control n=16 (with an average placement of 90 seconds)). Animal data on file. Animal test results may not be indicative of clinical performance. Different test methods may yield different results.

4 C. R. Bard, Inc. 2016 Annual Report

tray to intuitively guide users through the proper aseptic insertion technique as they work through the components of the tray.  We don't know how the ACA and similar regulations may change or evolve in the years ahead, but we believe we are well-positioned to help our customers navigate the changing landscape with a focus on improved clinical outcomes and value that benefit the broader health care system.

MANAGEMENT AND BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Marc C. Breslawsky retired from our Board of Directors after most recently serving as a member of the Audit, Finance (Chair) and Science and Technology Committees. Since 1996, we have benefited from the knowledge and experience he gained as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Imagistics International Inc., as well as his experience on both the executive and finance committees of other large public companies. We thank him for his 20 years of devoted service to Bard.  On the management side, we bid farewell to Andrea J. Casper, Vice President Global Regulatory Affairs. We thank her for her contributions to Bard, and wish her all the best in retirement.  We are also excited to welcome Tony Johnson, Vice President, Global Operations, and Gerard D. Porreca III, Vice President, Quality, Regulatory and Medical Affairs.

THE YEAR AHEAD
At Bard, we prioritize long-term results over any annual performance, even when that year is as strong  as 2016. Throughout 2016, as we performed above expectations, we increased investments designed for attractive long-term growth. In 2017, we plan to continue to make investments that provide our shareholders with above average revenue growth and attractive profitability. That means continuing to invest in faster-growing geographies and product segments and seeking to acquire attractive new growth platforms. It also means continuing to be a valued partner to our customers and patients.  Bard has been successful because our products continue to address unmet needs for patients while solving efficiency and economic issues for our customers, and because our people perform at a high level, meet their commitments and excel at execution. We thank our employees for working collaboratively to make our achievements in 2016 possible, and look forward to their help in sustaining our winning culture  in 2017 and beyond.  As always, we also want to thank you, our shareholders, for your continued support. Sincerely,

Timothy M. Ring Chairman and  Chief Executive Officer

John H. Weiland Vice Chairman, President and  Chief Operating Officer

February 27, 2017

C. R. Bard, Inc. 2016 Annual Report  5

