TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:

These are exciting times at Bard. We are pleased to report that our company is performing exceedingly well. We achieved excellent financial results in 2003 and continued to make great progress with our strategic growth initiatives. This success emanates ­ in no small part ­ from the outstanding commitment of our employees and the leadership of our management team throughout the company. At Bard we have a great sense of pride and optimism about the work we do in helping people lead longer, healthier and more productive lives. Our commitment to the patients we serve motivates us in our work every day and contributes to our success. Bard's consistent financial performance is a tribute to our employees, who have successfully converted their desire to help people into the ability to manufacture, distribute and market medical technologies that make a difference in patients' lives all over the world. We commend their efforts in achieving this goal. In 2003, we completed our executive management transition following the retirement of William H. Longfield on August 7th, after an eight-year term as Bard's chairman and chief executive officer. Our Board of Directors and senior management team developed and executed a comprehensive succession plan and, as a result, it was business as usual at Bard during this seamless transition period. We want to recognize Bill's outstanding leadership during his tenure and look forward to our future collaboration as he continues to serve as a director of the company. Looking back over Bard's excellent financial performance for the past five years, we have a lot to be excited about. Historically speaking, our company has never performed better. For 19 straight quarters, Bard has delivered consistent net sales growth of between 7 and 10 percent on a constant currency basis, and we hit a new high of 11 percent net sales growth in the fourth quarter of 2003. On all fronts, our financial achievements for the year were strong. Full Year 2003 Financial Highlights: · Net sales growth ­ 13% as reported; 9% constant currency · Gross profit margin ­ 57.5% versus 54.3% in 2002 · R&D expenditures ­ $87.4 million, up 42% over 2002 · Net income ­ $168.5 million (up 9%) as reported · Net income ­ $203.7 million (up 15%) excluding the items identified in the financial highlights on page 1 · EPS ­ $3.20 (up 9%) as reported · EPS ­ $3.87 (up 16%) excluding the items identified in the financial highlights on page 1 · Cash and short-term investments (at year end) ­ $422.0 million · Debt to total capital ratio (at year end) ­ 13.8%

At Bard we believe being a market leader ­ having a number one or two position ­ is critical to being successful in any market. We are disciplined in our application of this philosophy. In 2003, roughly 80% of our net sales came from product lines in which we are market leaders. Our diversified product portfolio ­ some 100 product lines covering nearly 10,000 product codes across our four businesses ­ balances the risks inherent in a competitive industry and contributes significantly to Bard's consistency and reliability. One of our key operating imperatives is cultivating and advancing our relationships with customers ­ nearly a century-old practice at Bard. Our service to customers differentiates us in the industry because we develop a customized, flexible and integrated approach to meet their needs ­ providing a broad array of clinical and business solutions. Our call-point focused structure engenders natural collaboration between our sales force and clinicians, the true source of our innovation. This relationship creates Bard `experts' who understand first-hand the needs of our customers and enable us to respond with innovative products and solutions targeted specifically to meet these opportunities. As you read through the pages of this annual report, you will see why we are confident of our approach ­ one that is particularly well suited to customers and differentiates us in the medical technology industry. During this past year, Bard businesses brought many new products and therapies to market, expanding our leadership positions in several markets and creating momentum for future growth: · In our endovascular business, we gained significant momentum throughout 2003. New products, such as our CONQUESTTM PTA balloon catheter, FLUENCYTM stent graft and RECOVERY ® vena cava filter were major contributors. Our selfexpanding peripheral stent products, led by our innovative LUMINEXXTM stent, continued to provide significant growth in this area. The RECOVERY filter was the first of its kind in the U.S. ­ giving clinicians greater flexibility in the use of vena cava filters. Clinical trials for our AV access stent graft have concluded, and our carotid stent trial will begin later this year. Joining the product line in 2004 is our VACORATM vacuum assisted biopsy device, which will compete in the largest segment of the breast biopsy device market. · In our specialty access business, we introduced our new HEMOSPLIT ® dialysis access catheter with its proprietary split tip design. Entering the market at mid-year, it has met with strong demand and made a significant contribution to sales. Our implantable port and, in particular, our PICC catheter product lines continued to provide great growth in this business in 2003.

3

Bard's Worldwide Operations Management Team (from back to front clockwise) Mark Walaska, Staff Vice President ­ Manufacturing Frank Maloit, Staff Vice President ­ Corporate Procurement Scott Mummert, Director ­ Operational Excellence Kevin Phoenix, Director ­ Facilities John Moran, Staff Vice President ­ Manufacturing Projects Ted Doorley, Staff Vice President ­ Manufacturing Joe Cherry, Vice President ­ Operations

· Our soft tissue repair business continued its strong performance, growing more than 20 percent for the fourth consecutive year. Our ventral hernia repair franchise, led by our VENTRALEXTM and COMPOSIX ® KUGEL® products, was the primary contributor to our performance in 2003. We were especially pleased to see strong growth in our international business. Today, with more than 75 percent of our soft tissue sales in the U.S., we see continued opportunity for growth abroad. · In our urology business, the BARDEX ® I.C. Foley catheter with BACTI-GUARD®*silver coating continues to gain market share on its proven record for dramatically reducing urinary tract infections ­ benefiting both the patient and hospital. · We also continued our solid growth in sales and market share within Bard's brachytherapy business, which provides outstanding clinical benefits to patients diagnosed with prostate cancer. During 2003, we made several small acquisitions to strengthen this franchise. They included certain assets of Prostate Services of America, Inc. and Imagyn Medical Technologies, Inc. and the assets of Source Tech Medical, LLC. These transactions reflect our strategy to be a consolidator in the brachytherapy business. Operations Review Over the past several years we have made significant improvements to our manufacturing structure and processes. Our efforts to refine purchasing, manufacturing and distribution have generated considerable savings for the company. Most important, these streamlining programs have provided the fuel we need to fund our long-term growth initiatives. We would like to acknowledge and thank our manufacturing employees all over the world for their continued dedication and commitment to operational excellence. At the helm of this tremendous effort, Joseph A. Cherry, vice president of operations, has provided the leadership, focus and determination to make it happen. Clearly, Joe has made an indelible mark on redefining Bard's future, and we thank him for his outstanding effort. The following illustrates a few of the more notable accomplishments in operations: · Manufacturing cost improvements were the primary driver of the 3.2% increase in gross margins as a percent of net sales in 2003. · In July, we broke ground on a 412,000 sq.ft. state-of-the-art distribution center in Covington, Georgia. This facility will allow us the flexibility to process consolidated orders for products from all of our businesses, to U.S. customers. We anticipate a Q2 2004 opening of this facility. · In August, we completed a major expansion of our manufacturing facility in Kulim, Kedah, Malaysia, where we have enhanced and expanded existing production areas and constructed new laboratories. We also initiated

construction of a 170,000 sq.ft. world-class manufacturing facility in Humaco, Puerto Rico. Sized and designed to support Bard's strategic growth plans, this facility is expected to open in Q4 2005. Long-term Growth Initiatives As we have seen in 2003, the efficiencies generated from operations provide the funding to support our growth plans. While we continue to target at least 12 percent earnings growth for our shareholders, we are investing the incremental dollars generated from these improvements in three specific areas: · Technology Investment through Research and Development ­ Our commitment to R&D investment is evidenced by an increase in R&D spending over the past two years, from $53 million in 2001 to a run rate of nearly $100 million in Q4 2003. We have implemented world-class R&D processes across our businesses to maximize the productivity of our efforts and create a steady stream of innovative technologies. · Business Development ­ We will complement our R&D efforts with strategic acquisitions of technologies, product lines or businesses ­ targeting opportunities in the faster growing segments of our markets. · Sales Force Expansion ­ In 2003, we increased our sales force by 10 percent in the U.S., concentrating on our fastest growing businesses. We are currently evaluating the size and deployment of our sales organizations in the balance of our U.S. businesses and in Europe. In the next several years, we believe each of these initiatives has the potential to increase our revenue growth rate above the range we have consistently delivered during the last five years. Another significant initiative underway is the implementation of an Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system, which will enable Bard to conduct business on a common platform with a consistent flow of information across the organization. Among its many benefits, the ERP system will enhance order processing, production planning and information accuracy and timeliness ­ while standardizing, integrating and simplifying our business processes. This new approach will allow us to leverage the scale of a $1.4 billion enterprise in our business transactions, while maintaining the agility of a decentralized organization, deployed at the call-point level. The resources saved and efficiencies gained from these benefits will also help fuel investments for future growth. Board and Organizational Changes Throughout the year, our Board of Directors has provided expertise and guidance on a variety of issues, from succession planning to investment strategy. Their knowledge and counsel are vital, and their commitment to this company is steadfast. We thank each of them for their valuable contribution.
5

A TRIBUTE TO WILLIAM H. LONGFIELD

This year we bid farewell to one of our long-standing directors, Regina E. Herzlinger, who retired from the Board after 13 years of distinguished service. Regina, a professor of business administration at Harvard Business School, was truly a guiding light for our company, and we will miss her counsel. In 2003, we welcomed Theodore E. Martin to our Board. Ted was president and chief executive officer of Barnes Group Inc., a manufacturer of precision metal parts and distributor of industrial supplies, until his retirement in December 1998. We look forward to the insight and experience Ted will bring to the Board in the coming years. Since our last annual report to shareholders, the Board elected five new corporate officers: Amy S. Paul and Brian P. Kelly to group vice president; Scott T. Lowry to vice president and treasurer; Brian R. Barry to vice president, regulatory and clinical affairs; and John A. DeFord, Ph.D., to vice president, science and technology. In 2003, we bid farewell to one of our distinguished corporate officers, James R. Adwers, M.D., our former vice president, medical affairs, who retired after more than eight years of exceptional service to Bard. We wish Jim well in his retirement. Outlook With further increases in product innovation and sales resources, we will pursue opportunities in growing markets to enhance our consistent and reliable performance and, ultimately, to yield improved returns for our shareholders. Our number one operating goal is to increase our revenue growth rate through a very deliberate and thoughtful operating strategy. Our employees are eager to meet the challenges inherent in such an endeavor. Indeed, our achievements in 2003 are symbolic of the strength and diversity of Bard and we are very excited about the future. Finally, we want to thank you, our shareholders, for your loyalty and support. On behalf of our management team and employees, we are grateful for your continued confidence and share your high expectations for Bard. We look forward to serving you well in 2004 and beyond. Sincerely,

On August 7, 2003, Bill Longfield stepped down from his position as Bard's chairman and chief executive officer ­ a move he orchestrated with grace and vision. From the time of his arrival at Bard 14 years ago, Bill made a series of difficult decisions and significant contributions to our organization ­ actions that have improved our performance, enhanced our productivity and simply made Bard a better place. Since 1989, when he began his career at Bard, revenues have nearly doubled and earnings have more than tripled. To put this achievement in perspective, an investment in Bard's stock in 1989 would have increased 305 percent by the time of Bill's retirement, outpacing the S&P 500 over the same period. Looking back on his years at Bard's helm, Bill's tremendous insight and leadership can be exemplified in three stages: · In the early years, he focused on improving the company's core functions and leveraging them across our decentralized structure. Thanks to Bill's tireless efforts, today Bard is very disciplined and proficient in executing the fundamentals. · In the second phase, he began strengthening the company with an impressive list of acquisitions, and, in recognition of our commitment to customers, he created Bard's Corporate Healthcare Services organization. In 1997, his decision to divest the cardiology business put Bard on a path toward solid and steady growth. · In his final phase, Bill set his sights on growing the business to reward our loyal shareholders. His success in this regard is clearly reflected in the company's performance embodied in this annual report. But the financial achievements tell only a part of the story of the Longfield legacy. Shortly after assuming the role of president in 1991, Bill set out to enhance Bard's culture. A long-time advocate for employees and their contribution to the organization, Bill initiated a series of programs aimed at recognizing and rewarding their excellence ­ including the Charles Russell Bard award. With great fervor, Bill encouraged and rewarded employees who volunteered in national and local programs to help neighbors and strangers alike. On behalf of Bard employees and shareholders around the world, we want to express our sincere gratitude to Bill for his enlightened leadership, vision and courage. Bard's superior performance and consistent reliable growth are a tribute to Bill's bold, yet confident decisions over the years, his steadfast commitment to our shareholders and ultimately, the patients we serve.

Timothy M. Ring
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

John H. Weiland
President and Chief Operating Officer

March 1, 2004

6

