DEAR SHAREHOLDERS

John H. Weiland President and Chief Operating Officer Timothy M. Ring Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

It has now been three full years since we first outlined our strategic investment plan designed to restore the revenue growth of our portfolio to above-market rates while enhancing our long-term prospects. Since then, we have been focused on executing the plan and we are pleased to report that 2015 was a year of high performance and high achievement for Bard.

2 C. R. Bard, Inc. 2015 Annual Report



While we're pleased with the execution of the plan so far, we intend to continue focusing on shifting

the mix of our portfolio to faster growth by expanding in faster-growing geographies, investing in research and development (R&D) in faster-growing product segments, and acquiring new growth platforms.

GLOBAL REACH
In November, we closed the acquisition of Medicon Inc. ("Medicon"), an organization we had previously operated as a 50% owned joint venture with Kobayashi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., for over four decades (see page 6). The Japanese health care market is the third-largest in the world, and we expect future growth opportunities to be identified in market segments which are more clinically differentiated, such as those served by Bard's Crosser® CTO Recanalization Catheters, Lutonix® Drug Coated Balloons, Lifestent® Vascular Stent and Progel® Pleural Air Leak Sealant. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Bard, Medicon will be able to take a more focused approach to investment, product registration and product launch strategies.  Elsewhere in the world, emerging markets represented about 10% of our total revenue at the end of 2015. We believe there is still significant room for growth as we continue to develop markets for our peripherally-inserted central catheters (PICCs), hernia repair products, and other products where we can provide strong value to customers and their patients. Our emphasis on adding value by solving clinical problems while reducing costs across the spectrum of care resonates around the world in both emerging and developed markets.

EXPANDING OUR OFFERINGS
In recent years, we have expanded beyond our more traditional product categories by investing in new, high-growth areas that still allow us to leverage our core strengths. Examples of these categories include targeted temperature management, biosurgery, drug-coated balloons and home care urological products.  After years of development and clinical research, we completed the first full year of selling the Lutonix® Drug Coated Balloon in the United States, and, to date, the results have exceeded our expectations. We are pursuing additional indications and variations on the platform that we anticipate will broaden its application even further.  In 2015, we acquired Vascular Pathways, Inc., a developer and supplier of vascular access devices, and began to sell the Accucath® Intravenous Catheter System, which, along with our PICCs and Powerglide® Midline family, allows us to offer a comprehensive line of guidewire-assisted peripheral devices to a broad spectrum of patients with vascular access needs. In January 2016, we acquired Liberator Medical Holdings, Inc. ("Liberator"), a direct-to-consumer distributor of durable medical equipment. The acquisition of Liberator enhances our access to the growing home care market, specifically for intermittent self-catheterization products including our recently introduced Magic3® Go self-lubricating catheter and Hydrosil® Rose intermittent catheter, which is designed specifically for female patients. We believe home

C. R. Bard, Inc. 2015 Annual Report 3

health will become increasingly important as the population ages and more health care takes place outside of the hospital setting.  In the surgical category, we introduced the PhasixTM ST Fully Resorbable Synthetic Mesh, adding another differentiated product to our complex abdominal wall portfolio that also includes the XenMatrixTM AB family of antibacterial-coated biological surgical grafts. We also rolled out the OptifixTM Absorbable Fixation System and the Capsure® Permanent Fixation System in the highly competitive fixation space.  We received U.S. regulatory clearance for our PinpointTM GT Freehand Stereotactic System for vascular access. This technology is offered on the new Site~Rite® 8 Ultrasound System, which launched in Europe in 2015 and in the United States early in 2016. The combination of Site~Rite® Ultrasound, PinpointTM GT Needle Guidance and Sherlock 3CG® Diamond Catheter Tip Confirmation provides an integrated clinical solution for vascular catheter placements.  In all, 38 of the 40 products that we launched in 2015 were the results of organic R&D efforts.

OUR CULTURE
As our business continues to evolve, our capabilities and culture must keep pace while remaining true to our Core Values of Quality, Integrity, Service and Innovation.  The concept of sustainability is aligned with these values and is inseparable from our strategic objectives. Last year, we issued our first Sustainability Report, which provides our stakeholders with details of our current performance and efforts related to sustainability, including products, people and the environment. You can read the report on our website at www.crbard.com/Social-Responsibility.html. With employees in more than 30 countries, we have long believed that inclusion, diversity and cultural appreciation serve as a catalyst for our strategic initiatives. In 2015, we took our commitment a step further as we launched a Global Inclusion Leadership Council comprised of diverse, respected and influential leaders representing each of Bard's major functions, geographies and businesses. The Council will not only raise awareness of inclusion across Bard, but it will be responsible for reviewing and sharing ideas and partnering with their organization's leadership teams to build, execute and measure inclusion plans.

MANAGEMENT AND THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
We always appreciate the capable guidance and counsel of our experienced Board of Directors, which grew by one member this year with the addition of Robert M. Davis, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Merck & Co., Inc. He serves on the Audit, Finance and Science & Technology Committees.  While there were no changes to our senior management team, we did realign certain senior roles in order to facilitate our company growth plans and enhance the capabilities of our leaders. John P. Groetelaars was promoted to Group President and added Bard Access Systems to his existing responsibilities for Davol, China, Australia / New Zealand and Rest of Asia. Timothy P. Collins, Group President, added Bard Medical Division to his existing responsibilities for Worldwide Operations,

4 C. R. Bard, Inc. 2015 Annual Report

Canada, Europe, Middle East and Africa, and South Africa. Jim C. Beasley, Group President, assumed responsibility for Medicon and for driving the new market development process across Bard to enable and accelerate our growth in new and developing markets; he continues to be responsible for Latin America, Bard Peripheral Vascular and Lutonix. Christopher S. Holland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, assumed responsibility for Business Development, Corporate Marketing, Reimbursement, Healthcare Economics and Strategy.

THE YEAR AHEAD
We have been pleased with the execution of our investment plan, but our focus remains firmly on the future, sustaining the momentum we have built and looking to seize the significant growth opportunities that remain in front of us.  We believe true success will be measured over the long term as our organic engine continues to drive revenue growth and profitability. The potential for growth in emerging markets remains high, as we have only begun to penetrate these markets with a subset of our broad product portfolio. As we pursue new indications in our products and expanded market development, we hope to unlock even more growth from new and existing technology platforms. Our efforts, both through organic growth and business development, will continue to focus on improving outcomes and adding value to the global health care market.  We thank our employees for their hard work and diligent execution, which have made our achievements in 2015 possible. As always, we also want to thank you, our shareholders, for your continued support.

Sincerely,

Timothy M. Ring Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

John H. Weiland President and Chief Operating Officer

March 2, 2016

C. R. Bard, Inc. 2015 Annual Report 5

