John H. Weiland President and Chief Operating Officer Timothy M. Ring Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

To Our Shareholders:
At this time last year, we outlined a multiyear investment plan designed to return C. R. Bard, Inc., to sustainable, above-market top- and bottom-line growth. To get there, we said we would accelerate our expansion into faster-growing geographies, significantly increase our investment in research and development (R&D), and seek to acquire new platforms with the goal of shifting the mix of our product portfolio toward faster, sustainable growth and profitability.
2

Thanks to our healthy free cash flow generation, a strong balance sheet and the significant cash infusion from our patent lawsuit with W. L. Gore & Associates, Inc., this year we had the ability to make several important, strategic moves in these areas while still returning over $800 million in value to shareholders through stock repurchases and dividends. We are now one year into our plan, and we are pleased with our progress so far. Emerging Markets In 2013, our percentage of sales from emerging markets increased to 8%. We continue to lay the groundwork for future expansion in these geographies, and are still in the early stages of developing several of our underserved markets. Since 2010, our revenue in emerging markets has more than doubled, and we have nearly tripled the number of people we employ in such markets as Southeast Asia, South America, Eastern Europe and the Middle East. In fact, we added over 200 sales professionals in emerging markets in 2013 alone. Research and Development In 2013, we launched over 30 products developed organically and an additional 10 product families associated with acquisitions. We are spending more than 8% of our revenues on R&D, and last year we made substantial investments in engineering personnel and facilities around the world. By the time you read this, we will have opened a brand-new design center in China, our first such facility in Asia. One of our more high-profile R&D projects is the Lutonix® Drug-Coated PTA Dilatation Catheter (see page 10), which is now available in Europe and is being clinically evaluated in the global, multicenter LEVANT 2 randomized clinical trial. We submitted the final module of the pre-market approval (PMA) application for use of this drug-coated balloon technology in the superficial femoral artery and popliteal artery to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in November 2013. We are also currently enrolling patients in a "below-the-knee" study of the same technology. Other products in development include new indications for our Fluency® Plus vascular stent graft, a new balloon expandable stent graft program, a Dignishield® stool management system with medical delivery capabilities, targeted temperature management products for pediatric and neonatal use, and both an antimicrobial PICC family and a broad thromboresistant PICC offering--and these are just a few of the projects in our pipeline. Business Development We expect the three acquisitions we announced in 2013 will play a critical role in our expansion into new, adjacent product categories and allow us to leverage our strength in sales and marketing, manufacturing and R&D to drive future growth on a sustainable basis.  We entered the high-growth aortic valvuloplasty market with the acquisition of Loma Vista Medical, adding the TrueTM Balloon to our robust vascular portfolio. Besides giving Bard a foothold in a market growing double digits and strengthening our relationship with

3

interventional cardiology customers, we have bolstered our intellectual property position in fiber-based balloon catheters with this acquisition and gained access to a strong pipeline of synergistic technologies. The acquisition of Medafor, Inc., expanded the business opportunities for our Davol subsidiary. Surgical hemostats like Medafor's Arista® AH hemostat (see page 6) are used in a wide variety of procedures to control bleeding intraoperatively when other conventional procedures are ineffective or impractical. In addition, these products help to provide greater visibility of the surgical site and reduce postoperative complications and the potential for costly transfusions. Sealants (such as our Progel® sealant, which we added by way of the 2012 Neomend, Inc., acquisition) and hemostats are frequently used in the same procedures (see page 9), and are often managed and purchased together by many of our U.S. customers. Having a presence in both biosurgery markets allows us to leverage our established relationships and creates selling and marketing synergies.  In November 2013, we completed the acquisition of Rochester Medical, Inc., which develops, manufactures and markets a broad line of silicone urinary continence and urine drainage catheters for patients who require these products outside the hospital setting. Rochester's innovative and well-positioned intermittent self-catheters and market-leading male external catheters represent an important addition to our urology portfolio and have brought us a robust new product development pipeline, a significant home-care sales infrastructure in both the U.S. and Europe, and expertise in silicone and hydrophilic coatings. Divestiture While we welcomed hundreds of new employees to Bard through the acquisitions and expansions outlined above, we also said goodbye to many longstanding, hardworking employees as part of the divestiture of our Electrophysiology (EP) business which had roots in the organization dating back to the 1950s. In keeping with our overall strategic vision, the sale allows us to better direct our resources toward pursuing opportunities where we believe we can achieve sustainable long-term leadership positions. Our EP products complemented Boston Scientific's robust portfolio of solutions for cardiac catheter ablations and other EP tools, and we believe it was not only a smart option for Bard, but a great fit for our EP customers and employees. We are grateful for the hard work and dedication of our former colleagues throughout the years, and wish them all the best with Boston Scientific. Management and the Board of Directors Theodore E. Martin retired from our Board of Directors after most recently serving as a member of the Audit, Compensation, Regulatory Compliance, and Science and Technology Committees. Since 2003, we have benefitted from the knowledge and experience he gained as a President and Chief Executive Officer of Barnes Group Inc. and as a director of other large public companies. G. Mason Morfit also left the Board of Directors in 2013, having shared his expertise as a seasoned investor while serving on the Audit and Finance Committees.
4

 We were pleased to welcome Lieutenant General (Ret.) David F. Melcher, Chief Executive Officer and President of Exelis, Inc., to the Board of Directors effective January 1, 2014. With 32 years of distinguished service in the U.S. Army followed by corporate leadership roles, he will bring a new perspective to the Audit, Compensation and Finance Committees. On the management side, we bid farewell to Group Vice President Brian P. Kelly, who retired following an exemplary 30-year career with Bard, which included leading our Davol subsidiary and our Corporate Healthcare Services group. We thank him for his dedicated service and contributions and wish him the very best in retirement. Our Corporate leadership team has been enhanced by the additions of John P. Groetelaars, who was promoted to Group Vice President after leading Davol, and Kevin D. Kelly, who became President of our Corporate Account Management team after leading our Bard Electrophysiology division. The Year Ahead As we have often said, we measure success over the long term, and we are confident that the moves we made in 2013 will have a positive impact on our future results. We expect to see continued progress on our plan in 2014, with a goal to accelerate growth into 2015 and beyond. We thank our employees for their commitment to getting our multiyear investment plan off to a productive start in 2013. On their behalf, we thank you, our shareholders, for supporting us as we continue to move forward with the execution of our strategic plan.

Sincerely,

Timothy M. Ring Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

John H. Weiland President and Chief Operating Officer

February 24, 2014
5

