M ana geme n t Le tt er to Sh a re owne rs

To Our Shareowners

In recent years, our effort

to reshape and revitalize The Stanley Works has revolved around strengthening and diversifying our portfolio while building a growth culture focused on `moving forward' in an era of rapid change and intense global competition. Progress in this regard has been notable. Our company today is significantly larger, more profitable and stronger than it was just a few years ago. Our business portfolio is transforming and well positioned to perform in challenging, ever-changing economic conditions.
1

2007 Year In Review 2007 was a pivotal year in testing that thesis. The collapse of the U.S. Construction and DIY market put our `new look' portfolio to the test. While about 25% of our revenues were exposed to that depressed sector, the remainder performed exceptionally well, thus validating our longstanding view that diversification would enable differentiated operating performance. In a highly challenging environment we achieved record revenues, EPS from continuing operations, cash flows, working capital turns and a very healthy return on capital employed. Highlights are summarized below:  ·  Revenues grew 12% to a record $4.5 billion with growth of 5% excluding acquisitions. All three business segments achieved growth ex-acquisitions: 3% in CDIY, 10% in Industrial and 3% in Security Solutions.
2

As a consequence, our share price was $48.39 at year-end, down 4% for the year. Our total return to shareowners was -2%, including cash dividends. Accordingly, we took the opportunity to repurchase 3.6 million shares at a cost of $200 million in 2007 and repurchased another 2.2 million shares ($100 million) in early 2008. Strategic Overview As we enter 2008, our strategy remains intact. We seek to maintain portfolio transition momentum by further diversifying away from Construction and DIY in the developed markets and increasing the weighting of Industrial and Security through organic and acquisitive growth. In addition, we are intensifying our organic growth initiatives in China, India and other emerging markets. Our portfolio strategy centers around a steady and methodical reallocation of capital to activities where superior returns are sustainable and above portfolioaverage organic growth is achievable, thus positioning the company to outperform benchmarks on a long-term, ongoing basis. Central to our thought process is selectivity with regard to the types of businesses we choose to operate. We have found that when three key attributes are present in a business, our ability to earn sustained above-average returns on capital employed is greatly enhanced. These three attributes are: (1) brand is meaningful to the end user (Stanley or one of our powerful sub-brands); (2) the customer value proposition is strong and clearly understood by customers and end users while being subject to continued innovation; and (3) global cost leadership is achievable. Today, virtually all of our core activities demonstrate these attributes. Thus, our business portfolio has produced strong free cash flow which in turn has opened the door to reinvestment in growth.

 ·  EPS from continuing operations grew 15% to a record $4.00.  ·  Free cash flow* totaled a record $457 million, up $99 million versus 2006 and representing 136% of net income.  ·  Working capital turns increased to a record 5.1 turns (up 0.6 turns over 2006), contributing to a solid 14.6% return on capital employed (on a basis excluding acquisition-related amortization). Moreover, 2007 capped a four year period ('04 ­ '07) in which revenues grew 80% and EBITDA** from continuing operations nearly tripled to $694 million. While our share price hit an all time high of $64.25 per share in July of 2007, it subsequently retreated as both general market and sector-specific concerns weighed on investor sentiment.

*Refer to page 33 of MD&A for the reconciliation of operating cash flow to free cash flow

**and to page 5 for the reconciliation of EBITDA to net income.

Growth Platforms Today we have three major growth platforms in global markets exceeding $60 billion, replete with organic and acquisition-related growth opportunities. These are (1) Industrial and Automotive Tools, (2) Mechanical Security and (3) Convergent Security. Our already strong franchises when combined with a clear roadmap for growth in each of these platforms gives us confidence that we can continue to grow company revenues 10%+ annually in concert with our long-term financial objectives. Our steadfast pursuit of growth while maintaining balance sheet discipline has positioned us well to press ahead amid turbulent capital markets. While some traditionally aggressive parties competing for the same assets face liquidity and other concerns, as a company with an upper-tier investment grade credit rating we continue to enjoy full access to capital markets and the attendant flexibility that affords. Consequently our acquisition growth potential is robust and our ability to expand our growth platforms is significant. Nonetheless, we remain vigilant in selecting acquisitions that fully meet our criteria for financial returns and strategic fit, while pacing them appropriately to ensure minimal integration risk and maintaining a strong balance sheet. Stanley Fulfillment System (SFS) Perhaps the single most important change we undertook in 2007 was to ratchet up the intensity of our SFS implementation. With this important initiative, we are working to change how we operate, with a simple mandate: become less complicated and streamline everything we do. By leaning-out our plants and supply chain, we are driving inventory reduction and superior service. By re-engineering and standardizing our core business processes, we

can achieve excellence in customer facing processes and extract maximum efficiency from back room activities. And finally, by migrating toward a common company-wide systems platform, we can develop the operational capability to support future growth. The measure of success will be when we become best-in-class at the delivery of products and services to our customers. This is a critical growth catalyst and organic share gain is often the result when that is achieved. Today, SFS is pervasive and visible throughout the company. Our record working capital performance in 2007 is directly attributable to this initiative. However, that is just the beginning. SFS is totally complementary to our growth strategy and our support of it maximizes asset efficiency through operational excellence.
3

Conclusion In 2008, we are facing one of the most tumultuous environments in recent memory. The U.S. CDIY market shows no signs of recovery, the overall U.S. economy appears recession-bound, global inflation is ramping up even as growth is slowing, financial markets are in turmoil and the banking crisis has caused a severe global liquidity contraction. We are prepared for these conditions. Our portfolio is resilient and our balance sheet is solid. Our roadmap to growth is clear. Opportunities abound for strong, well positioned companies during turbulent times like these. Thus, our objective goes beyond simply weathering the storm. We intend to seize the opportunity and build upon our success. We expect to make even more strategic progress in 2008 while preserving our earnings base, positioning Stanley to emerge an even larger and stronger company as economic conditions improve.

4

James M. Loree
Executive Vice President & CFO

JohnF.Lundgren
Chairman & CEO

We are dedicating this annual report to our business leaders and their teams. These associates are responsible for the growth and success that we have enjoyed over the past few years. They arealsothepeoplewho,alongwithour18,000+otheremployees,willmeetthechallenges ahead and ensure our continued growth and vitality in the years to come. respectfully,

JohnF.Lundgren Chairman & CEO
new Britain, CT March,2008

James M. Loree Executive Vice President & CFO

