Stanley Black & Decker 2010 Annual Report

1

Letter to Shareholders

2010 was an extraordinary year for our Company, highlighted by the closing of the merger of Stanley Works and Black & Decker on March 12. Undoubtedly the most significant transaction in both companies' histories, the formation of this enterprise creates the undisputed tool industry leader with global scale, strong growth prospects and prodigious cash flow. Our Company, with its growing market capitalization and cash flow, combined with attractive growth platforms and business building capabilities, is continuing its journey to become a diversified industrial leader.

Financial results were solid in 2010, in spite of a weak economic underpinning in the developed countries. Total revenues were up 125% to $8.4 billion. Earnings grew 176%, while free cash flow increased $489 to $935 million, powered by benefits from the merger integration and the Stanley Fulfillment System (SFS).(1) Our strong results are a manifestation of our Company's commitment to driving shareholder value through a strategy aligned with our long-term financial objectives as described below: ·  4­6% organic revenue growth; 10­12% total revenue growth ·  Mid-teens EPS growth ·  Free cash flow greater than or equal to net income

·  Return on capital employed (ROCE) between 12% and 15% ·  Continued dividend growth ·  Strong investment grade credit rating These objectives have been intact since 2004, with the exception of our revenue growth targets, which were increased from a previous range of 3­5% organic and 8­10% total growth following the merger, due to our continued footprint expansion into emerging markets and our higher free cash flow base which, in part, will fuel the expansion of our growth platforms. Since these objectives were established, total average annual revenue growth has been 25%. In the four years preceding the recent recession, our average organic revenue growth was 5% and, as a combined Company in 2010, our organic growth

(1) Excludes merger and acquisition-related charges/payments. Refer to scorecard and inside back cover.

Stanley Black & Decker 2010 Annual Report

2

rate was 5%. Net income has grown at a 9%(1) compounded annual rate, slightly below our long-term target but strong nonetheless considering the near-trough stage in the cycle in which we operated during 2010. ROCE has averaged 13% during this seven-year period.(1) At the same time, free cash flow has averaged 133% of net income and has grown at a 10% CAGR.(1) Our dividend has been increased every year without interruption and our credit ratings continue to be in strong investment grade territory. We are pleased with our performance versus these goals and are confident that we will see meaningful improvements in our net income CAGR in 2011 and 2012. We are also pleased with our stock performance which, as of December 31, 2010, had outperformed the S&P 500 Index on each of a one-year, three-year, five-year and ten-year basis. In fact, while the S&P 500 experienced no price appreciation at all during the last decade, our stock more than doubled, while paying a steady and growing dividend.

incremental $1.00 per share expected by year three. The stocks of both companies performed well, with legacy Black & Decker and legacy Stanley Works up 31% and 10%, respectively, in the first ten days after the announcement. Stanley Black & Decker's price movement was in the top decile of all equity performances experienced in U.S. stock, for stock transactions over $500 million announced during the last decade. We are keenly aware that this overwhelmingly positive reaction was both an endorsement of the strategic and financial logic of the merger, as well as a vote of confidence that the integration would be successful and the announced targets would be met or exceeded over time. We take this responsibility very seriously and have established the organization, operating mechanisms and governance processes to ensure success. The integration got off to an excellent start and continues to be firmly on track. We exceeded our original calendar year 2010 announced cost synergy commitment by $45 million, bringing the total amount realized for that period up to $135 million. Further, we recently upgraded our total cost synergy commitment from $350 million to $425 million and reduced the expected time to fully realize these synergies from 36 to 33 months. We also recently announced that free cash flow, which was originally expected to total $1 billion by year three, was likely to be $1.1 billion in the first full year of the merger.(1) As a result of this financial outperformance, we were able to announce a 21% dividend increase in February 2011, signaling our high level of confidence in the Company's future trajectory of earnings and cash flow growth. We also recently provided a first look at the quantification of revenue synergies, with the expected revenue benefit totaling between $300 and $400 million in addition to our normal organic growth initiatives over the intermediate term. These synergies result from a myriad of

Long-term Financial Objectives

4­6% 10­12%
Organic Sales Growth Total Sales Growth Financial Performance Mid-teens % EPS Growth FCF  Net Income ROCE in the Range of 12% to 15% Dividend Continued Growth Credit Rating Strong Investment Grade

Sales Growth

Stanley Black & Decker: The Story
The thesis behind this landmark merger is compelling: to take two strong companies, combine them, and create an even stronger global enterprise, positioned for success in the years and decades to come. The merger created the global leader in hand and power tools with a stable of iconic brands, worldclass innovation processes, outstanding channel access, enormous global reach, including into high growth emerging markets, significant scale efficiencies and benefits from the Stanley Fulfillment System. At the time of the announcement, cost synergies were believed to be $350 million over three years which, when capitalized, represented an extraordinary 36% of the combined companies' market capitalization. The transaction was also expected to be highly accretive to earnings per share of the new Company with an
(1) Excludes merger and acquisition-related charges/payments.

