" As I look to the future, I see a Company that will have the ability to have a significant impact on the world's healthcare problems on a scale that was not possible before, and to do it faster and with greater effectiveness."
Vincent A. Forlenza Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President

Dear Fellow Shareholders,
Normally I would use this letter to look back and reflect on how the previous year's successes and challenges are shaping our future, but I am compelled this year to look forward to what I see as a truly transformational crossroad for BD and the healthcare industry we serve. On October 5, 2014, just days after we closed the books on fiscal 2014, BD announced a definitive agreement to acquire CareFusion, a leading provider of infusion pumps and drug dispensing systems, to create a global leader in medication management and patient safety solutions. The blending of the two companies' complementary product portfolios gives us the potential to offer integrated medication management solutions and smart devices -- from drug preparation in the pharmacy to dispensing on the hospital floor, administration to the patient and subsequent monitoring.

We expect this combination to improve the quality of patient care and reduce healthcare costs by addressing unmet needs in hospitals, hospital pharmacies and alternate sites of care. We believe this will lead to increased efficiencies, a reduction in medication administration errors and improved patient and healthcare worker safety. It also would provide new growth opportunities for CareFusion products in emerging markets and expand their global reach by leveraging BD's international infrastructure. We expect that this will create meaningful value for our shareholders, customers and associates around the world. The CareFusion transaction is subject to customary closing conditions and regulatory and shareholder approvals, and we expect it to close in the first half of calendar year 2015. Following the consummation of the merger, BD will be a stronger, more innovative and more global company. As a result, BD will have an even greater capability to deliver on its vision of being a medical technology company that continues to help improve the quality of patient care and outcomes and advance access to healthcare while helping contain the cost of healthcare delivery. We firmly believe that our ability to bring solutions within and across the Medical, Diagnostics and Biosciences segments remains pivotal to delivering on this vision and transitioning into a customer-centric provider of solutions that will have a positive impact on the healthcare industry.

3-Year Revenue Growth
(billions of dollars)
$8.600

$8.446
$8.400

$8.200

$8.054
$8.000

$7.800

$7.708

$7.600

$7.400

$7.200

2012

2013

2014

2014 ANNUAL REPORT

1

BD FACSPrestoTM

In fiscal 2014, BD Biosciences launched BD FACSPrestoTM, an innovative near-patient CD4 counter system designed to bring CD4 testing closer to HIV/AIDS patients in resource-limited settings outside the U.S. It offers a full menu of CD4, %CD4 and hemoglobin results in a single test to stage and monitor HIV/AIDS patients (adults and children). It is small and portable, weighing only 7 kg (15 lbs), and operational using a rechargeable battery and across a wide range of temperature and humidity conditions. The BD FACSPrestoTM system measures the number of CD4 cells -- a type of white blood cell that fights infection -- to determine how strong the patient's immune system is and the stage of their disease. This information is used to guide treatment and predict how the disease may progress. Because the BD FACSPrestoTM system can bring CD4 testing closer to HIV/AIDS patients, it also helps increase the likelihood they will get access to treatment, which reduces the probability they will transmit new infections to others.
2

The BD FACSPrestoTM system is unique in two important ways. First, it is easy to learn and use. Its features simplify operation without compromising accuracy and precision, including several built-in internal performance checks to ensure quality and consistency of testing as well as an intuitive languageindependent graphical touchscreen interface and onboard operational videos. Second, clinical studies show it delivers finger-stick results that are as accurate, precise and reliable as venipuncture results. The BD FACSPrestoTM system is an extraordinary example of BD's commitment to increasing access to healthcare and a strong asset in BD's point-of-care (POC) strategy. The BD FACSPrestoTM system is CE marked according to the EU IVD Directive 98/79/EC and has recently received the World Health Organization (WHO) Pre-Qualification.

BD

As I look to the future, I see a Company that will have the ability to have a significant impact on the world's healthcare problems on a scale that was not possible before, and to do it faster and with greater effectiveness. I look forward to the successful completion of the merger of these two great companies and the opportunity to share more information with you about this pivotal point in BD's history in the months ahead.

Our focus on operational effectiveness continued to yield results. We achieved our Reliable Low Cost (ReLoCo) savings goal of more than $30 million in 2014 and plan to deliver additional savings in 2015. EVEREST, our ERP program, will increase efficiencies by replacing legacy systems. This program went live in an additional 50 sites across the Company during 2014.

Company. Through the formation of our new Office of Science, Medicine and Technology (led by Dr. Ellen Strahlman, M.D., BD's Senior Vice President for Research and Development and Chief Medical Officer), we continued to reallocate more of our internal R&D investment to focus on new products instead of simple line extensions, began experimenting with new partnership models and tapped into new sources for world-class ideas and talent to drive external innovation opportunities. Externally, we formed partnerships with two well-known business accelerator incubators -- Microsoft Ventures and Healthbox -- as well as the Israeli government's Office of the Chief Scientist. These relationships give BD access to some of the world's best science, technology and entrepreneurs -- all with the goal of incenting the entrepreneurial community to consider and pursue early-stage business concepts that align with BD's strategic interests. Our aim is to create a portfolio of partnerships comprised of small financial investments with opportunities for deep, hands-on engagement and strategic exploration. We also continued to identify opportunities for growth to expand our portfolio of customer solutions. We recently acquired GenCell Biosystems, a privately-held Irish biotech company that has developed proprietary technologies to address key biological analysis protocols -- from library preparation of Next Generation Sequencing (NGS) to genotyping applications. This acquisition provides BD entry into the NGS market, a fastgrowing segment with the potential to have a significant impact on healthcare, with a differentiated platform that will provide a base to further grow our genomics offerings.
2014 ANNUAL REPORT

The Evolution Continues
The healthcare industry is still struggling through a period of great transition. We continue to operate against a strong current of global economic pressures that put restrictions on how healthcare dollars are allocated and spent. Our customers need improved healthcare solutions and they understand that yesterday's solutions can no longer solve today's problems. One thing is for sure, we must be proactive -- not reactive -- in addressing the healthcare challenges our customers are facing. This presents BD with both a significant hurdle and a tremendous opportunity. By understanding our customers' priorities and what they value, we are developing more effective and sustainable solutions that we believe will create preference and differentiation for BD in the marketplace. In doing so, BD will play a key role in making healthcare what it should be for all -- effective, efficient and safe. Last year, I said BD must evolve if we are to remain a relevant healthcare leader and help our customers address their challenges. As with most things evolutionary, change tends to happen slowly when left to follow its own path. We have opted to embrace change fully in order to speed our progress. Over the past year, we invested a substantial amount on research and development inside and outside the

Financial Highlights
One of the great benefits of my job is traveling the world and seeing firsthand how BD's more than 30,000 associates collaborate across functions, businesses and regions to better serve our customers and society. Our associates are united in their focus, commitment and passion to address the most basic and global human need -- health. This engagement and drive carried forward to our performance in 2014, which I'm pleased to report was strong, stable and growing. For fiscal 2014, BD reported revenues of $8.446 billion and diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $5.99. As a result of our continued performance across all segments, together with our continued innovation and reinvigorated product pipeline, sales from new products and acquisitions as a percentage of total revenue increased to approximately 15 percent, up from nearly 13 percent in 2013. Emerging markets continued to deliver robust performance, with revenue growth of approximately 9 percent and reaching 25 percent of total company revenues. Our cash flow from operations remained strong, totaling $1.7 billion. BD also returned $0.8 billion to our shareholders through a combination of buybacks and dividends as we increased our dividend for the 42nd consecutive year.

3

We are arriving at customer solutions through our ongoing focus on "customer-centricity" -- which simply means putting our customers at the center of everything we do. We have made it an imperative to gain a deeper understanding of our customers' priorities around the world and develop a sensitivity to information and insights that may have gone unnoticed a few years ago. Armed with fact-based insights, we are beginning to turn the corner on not just appreciating what our customers need, but what it is they value, what drives their purchasing decisions and how they choose their preferred medical technology suppliers. This effort remains very much a journey, but we have made notable progress both in terms of how we inform solution development efforts as well as our go-to-market strategies.

significant leaps in the environmental performance of our products as well as in the effectiveness and efficiency of our operations. Beyond these efforts, we are also focusing on keeping our talent pipeline full. We have created a new Leadership Standard and related programs to develop a uniform set of management capabilities across the Company. We are working to spot, nurture and advance emerging talent among recent graduates and from associates around the world who possess the skills and drive to reach the top levels of management and who will serve as our Company's torchbearers. We have also made advancements in our Diversity agenda, establishing clear goals and defining our first global employee resource group -- the Women's Initiative Network (WIN). Longer-term, we continue our unwavering support to make a difference not just for our shareholders but for the world as a whole. In 2014, BD continued to advance our focus on shared value creation, which is addressing unmet societal needs through business models and initiatives that also contribute to the commercial success of the Company. Together with FSG -- a nonprofit consulting firm co-founded by Professor Michael

A Sustainable Future
Also fundamental to BD's evolution is our sustainability strategy to address the wide range of challenges in our industry while helping to make a difference on relevant issues that impact society and the planet. Over the near-term, sustainability has taken on a continuous-improvement dynamic at BD as we make both incremental and

Porter of Harvard University -- BD developed what we believe is the first executive training program on shared value creation. The program has been rolled out globally via BD University, our in-house training and development facility. Further, we are applying the key principles of shared value creation to advance maternal and newborn health and other high-priority global health needs by identifying new innovations that can be brought to scale utilizing BD's core competencies in product development, manufacturing and global distribution. The first product being developed is the BD Odon DeviceTM for assisted childbirth, which is presently being tested in clinical studies conducted by the World Health Organization (WHO). BD's strategy to address maternal and newborn health needs was manifested in a commitment made during fiscal 2014 to the United Nation's Every Newborn Action Plan, associated with the UN Secretary General's Every Woman Every Child movement. Our investments in initiatives like BD Helping Build Healthy CommunitiesTM link intrinsically to our long-term economic sustainability. This initiative is a multi-year enterprise with our partner Direct Relief and the National

SUSTAINABLE, PROFITABLE GROWTH
Customer Centricity
Fact-based Strategy

Innovation

Strong Core Portfolio

Regional Investments

Acquisitions & Alliances
Talent & Culture

Organizational Alignment

Efficiency & Work Systems

Built on a Foundation of Ethics, Compliance and Shared Value

4

BD

BD MAXTM System
In our Diagnostics Systems business, BD continues to expand the BD MAXTM System menu and its open system capabilities. For laboratories developing their own tests for the BD MAXTM System, we expanded our suite of Open System solutions with the introduction of the Total Nucleic Acid (TNA) suite of reagents. This innovation enables the development of assays capable of extracting and amplifying both DNA and RNA in a single reaction with an automated, simplified workflow. In fiscal 2014, we also added new panels to our BD MAXTM Enteric suite. The BD MAXTM Enteric Parasite Panel can detect commonly isolated and highly pathogenic organisms in one panel, and the BD MAXTM Enteric Bacterial Panel can detect the most common causes of bacterial gastroenteritis. These assays provide clinicians with fast, accurate results that will enable more rapid diagnosis compared with conventional culture methods and will help improve standard of care and clinical efficiencies.

MRSA

Cdiff

RUO * CRE

GBS

hSR 1

Stap

MR

SA
E B nte Pa acte ric ne ria l 3 l

2

E P nte Pa aras ric ne ite l 4

CT

/G

C
/ /GC CT ich Tr

is init Vag el5 Pan

ric Ente Viral el Pan
ry irato Resp 6 l Pane

BRAF
KRAS

2012

2013

2014

2015

2014 ANNUAL REPORT

5

BD NexivaTM DiffusicsTM Closed IV Catheter System
Over the past 10 years, the technology required to perform contrast-enhanced CT scans rapidly advanced, but the peripheral IV catheter used with such procedures had largely remained the same -- until BD introduced its innovative BD NexivaTM DiffusicsTM power injection technology. Modern diagnostic imaging often involves the use of a large IV catheter to inject contrast media into a patient's bloodstream at a high flow rate to help radiologists identify the area of concern. The problem is that many patients cannot handle a large catheter due to their size (such as children) or because of poor vein health. The use of smaller catheters with these patients may result in excessive catheter motion that may injure the vein or suboptimal imaging caused by a reduced contrast flow rate. We designed the BD NexivaTM DiffusicsTM Closed IV Catheter System to address three specific challenges -- insertion difficulties, suboptimal contrast delivery and extravasation. Its all-in-one design is built for a 325 psi power injection setting, and its unique diffuser hole design lessens the impact to the vein during power injection compared to non-diffused catheters. Using laser technology, BD modified the tip of the IV catheter to evenly distribute the contrast flow into the vein, making it possible to perform most CT scans using a smaller gauge size catheter at the desired flow rate. This can help improve the experience for both the patient and clinician.

6

BD

Association of Community Health Care Centers to address unmet health needs in the U.S. by helping community health centers implement innovative approaches to diabetes, cervical cancer and HIV prevention. In 2014, we teamed with our partners AmeriCares, Heart to Heart International, Direct Relief and Australian Doctors International to send out four teams of associates on BD-sponsored Volunteer Service Trips to address indigenous health needs in El Salvador, Haiti, Peru and Papua New Guinea. We also continued our work to help strengthen labs and healthcare systems in emerging markets, including collaboration in Indonesia around strengthening tuberculosis laboratories. In West Africa, we worked with the CDC Foundation and Direct Relief, Heart to Heart International and AmeriCares to facilitate the donation and delivery of more than $900,000 in cash and BD products to protect health workers fighting the outbreak of the Ebola virus as well as help secure contributions from the private sector to mobilize the worldwide effort to treat the sick and slow transmission to surrounding populations. Over the next year, we will be launching a set of 2020 Sustainability Goals that articulate our ambition to address the wide range of challenges relevant to BD and our impact on society and the planet.

The strategic investments made in these regions are fueling this growth. We increased our R&D capabilities in Asia for in-demand products such as the BD EmeraldTM Syringe and the BD IntimaTM II IV Catheter and continue to drive solutions focused on increasing access to healthcare that lead to improved patient outcomes and quality of care. We are doing this work locally in recognition of the differences that exist in healthcare in different parts of the world and we placed an emphasis on market-appropriate products and extending the sales of our existing and new Medical, Diagnostic and Bioscience products into multiple tiers in China and India. We will continue to invest in localized R&D in China given the growth we have experienced there. We believe this work has set the stage for continued success in Asia and has allowed us to establish the needed capabilities for execution. We have developed a multi-year strategy for the region and made key hires last year in Singapore and China to create the leadership structure needed for success. We also have implemented proven BD processes for product development and innovation in Asia and established innovation governance structures in Singapore and China. Today, our footprint extends over the entire region, with R&D activity underway in China, Singapore and India. We believe these efforts will be sustainable because we are building basic and scalable capability in line with our customers' expectations, and we have the right people in the right places. These investments, combined with leverage of our existing capabilities in Singapore and our businesses, should support notable growth for the Company in the future.

Building for the Future
Organizational alignment is key to BD adapting to rapid changes in the healthcare industry. Recently, we announced a new organizational structure to better position us to pursue our purpose and solutions strategy. Effective October 1, we restructured our business units from three segments -- BD Medical, BD Diagnostics and BD Biosciences -- to two -- BD Medical and BD Life Sciences. The BD Medical segment is led by Tom Polen and consists of BD Medical Surgical Systems, BD Pharmaceutical Systems and BD Diabetes Care. Targeting primarily clinical healthcare settings, it focuses on expanding the scale of our relevant solutions across the medication delivery and management process for hospitals, clinics and pharmaceutical companies and individuals who selfadminister their therapies. The BD Life Sciences segment is led by Linda Tharby and consists of BD Biosciences, BD Preanalytical Systems and BD Diagnostic Systems. Targeting primarily research and laboratory customers, it focuses on developing in-vitro diagnostics from sample to diagnostic result and high-quality research tools solutions, with a core focus on infectious diseases, sample collection and cellular technologies. This new structure, which rolls up under William Kozy, BD's Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, provides the platform we need for cross-business collaboration and programs to bring additive, compelling solutions to the marketplace.

Delivering On Our Promise
This year's report has an intentional global orientation. In fiscal 2014, 60 percent of our revenues came from markets outside the U.S. and more than 25 percent of our revenues came from emerging markets. China, Latin America and India accounted for nearly 15 percent of overall fiscal 2014 revenues.

2014 ANNUAL REPORT

7

Conclusion
Earlier this year, I accepted an honor from Fairleigh Dickinson University, which is named after one of our founders, as part of the school's annual Charter Day event to raise funds for scholarships. I accepted the award not just for myself but also for the many men and women from BD who have nurtured the University's growth and success over the years. I feel similarly about the unique relationship between BD and our Board of Directors. Much of the success BD has experienced over this past year stems from the contributions of our talented Board. Their steady hand and diverse perspectives have enabled BD to advance its strategy and purpose around the world. In particular, I want to thank Dr. Al Sommer, who is retiring from the Board, for his many years of service. His insights into global health issues and his strong leadership of our Science, Marketing, Innovation and Technology Committee have strongly influenced the development of the Company's strategy and our innovation capabilities.

His contributions are many and will be missed. At the same time, I'd like to welcome our newest Board member, Dr. Claire Pomeroy. Dr. Pomeroy is President of the Albert and Mary Lasker Foundation, an expert in infectious diseases and a long-term advocate for public health and patients, especially those with HIV/AIDS. She brings a valuable outlook that will help us advance and evolve our strategy and improve healthcare globally. In closing, I want to thank all of our shareholders, customers, partners and associates -- all those who have placed their trust in me and my management team as we strive not only to achieve our purpose of "Helping all people live healthy lives," but also seek to achieve our envisioned future of eliminating unnecessary suffering and death from disease and, in so doing, help BD become one of the best-performing companies in the world. Grand words, I know, and some might say unattainable. But I'm reminded of what President Kennedy said in 1962 about putting a man on the moon before the end of the decade -- that we do such

things not because they are easy, but because they are hard, and they serve to organize and measure the best of our energies and skills. I look forward to fiscal 2015 with similar resolve. The work ahead of us will certainly not be easy, but BD's future has never been brighter. Our legacy of consistent performance -- combined with the prospect of expanding BD's scope and reach around the world through our pending merger with CareFusion -- demonstrates that our business strategy is working and is appropriate for this dynamic healthcare environment. It also confirms my belief that BD can indeed do well for its customers and shareholders while also doing good for the greater needs of society. I stand with BD's associates around the globe to accept the challenges and opportunities before us.

Vincent A. Forlenza Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President

IMPORTANT INFORMATION FOR INVESTORS
In connection with the proposed transaction, on November 4, 2014, BD filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-4 that constitutes a preliminary prospectus of BD and includes a preliminary proxy statement of CareFusion. After the registration statement has been declared effective by the SEC, the definitive proxy statement/prospectus will be delivered to stockholders of CareFusion. BD and CareFusion also plan to file other relevant documents with the SEC regarding the proposed transaction. INVESTORS ARE URGED TO READ THE DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS (INCLUDING ALL AMENDMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTS THERETO) AND OTHER DOCUMENTS RELATING TO THE MERGER THAT WILL BE FILED WITH THE SEC CAREFULLY AND IN THEIR ENTIRETY WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION. You may obtain a free copy of the registration statement and the definitive proxy statement/ prospectus (when available) and other relevant documents filed by BD and CareFusion with the SEC at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. In addition, you will be able to obtain free copies of these documents by phone, e-mail or written request by contacting the Investor Relations department of BD or CareFusion at the following: Monique N. Dolecki, Investor Relations -- 201-847-5378 Monique_Dolecki@bd.com or Jim Mazzola, Investor Relations -- 858-617-1203 Jim.Mazzola@CareFusion.com.

8

BD

