1997
A year of challenges and opportunities

T

o our shareholders... "Helping all people live healthy lives." In this single statement ­ six words that express our corporate purpose ­ Becton Dickinson ties together its past, present and future. It is not coincidental that this vision emerges as we enter our second century. While we are proud of our past, we have turned our faces to the future in the belief that our centennial should not be cause for self-satisfaction, but the departure point on a journey of renewal. We want to create a vibrant, dynamic and forward-thinking enterprise that is recognized as one of the best companies in the world. We aspire to become the organization most known for eliminating unnecessary suffering and death from disease, and in so doing, become one of the best managed companies in the world. These are ambitious goals. We are an ambitious company. Our immediate challenge is alignment, that is, aligning our daily work so that we think and act in ways that will allow us to achieve our objectives. A closely

related challenge is attitudinal, that is, creating an atmosphere in which all associates believe passionately in what they do and in our overall mission. To this end, we have established two priorities that must go forward simultaneously. One is nurturing entrepreneurial initiatives. The emphasis is on bottom-up initiatives because entrepreneurship by itself risks being vague, but initiatives are concrete, tangible and action-oriented. The second priority is companywide collaboration. A collaborative company is a single company, a united company. If we are not collaborative, we serve merely as a holding company for a number of discrete businesses, each operating independently without capitalizing on their full value. One-company collaboration allows us to draw from each and give to each. It is important to distinguish between a popular expression of the day ­ cultural transformation ­ and what we have embarked on, which is company transformation. The latter does
continues on page 2

One Company
Helping All People Live Healthy Lives: Challenges and Opportunities

Become the organization most known for eliminating unnecessary

2

Why should investors ­ indeed, all stakeholders ­ care about company transformation? The answer is demonstrated in an illustration from Becton Dickinson's history. In 1962, the company wanted to make an enormous change in direction: to switch from reusable products to disposable products. The chief hurdle we faced was raising the necessary capital. The company turned to the equity market, and in doing so went from being a family-owned business to a publicly traded company. Now, we want to change the company in a way that is no less fundamental. What is the hurdle? Capital? No, capital is abundantly available. Technology? No, we are overcoming barriers faster than any of us dared dream just a few years ago. The challenge in the next century of the company ­ the resource that will be most critical ­ is people and how they purpose work together, how they achieve Helping all people live healthy lives. their fullest potential, how committed they are, how they communicate. In the future, we believe that companies will not be measured by competitive Clateo Castellini

not merely address culture, it embraces everything that goes on within our company ­ from the way we process payrolls in Canaan, Connecticut, to the way we market products for the home in Mexico. Company transformation and corporate performance are inexorably linked ­ we cannot have one without the other. There are 2900 many avenues to corporate 2750 transformation ­ restructuring, 2600 reorganizing or divesting, 2450 for example. But they are 2300 merely adjust0 ments, not sys93 94 95 96 97 Revenues temic change. (Millions of Dollars) They do not lead to a faster flow of new products, more relevance in the eyes of the customer or a significant presence in growing markets around the globe.

suffering and death from disease, and in so doing, become one of the best performing companies in the world.

vision

position alone, but by whether their organization is structured to compete. People will be hired and evaluated not only by skills, intellect and experience, but by personal traits that mark them as risk-takers, team players and communicators. Let us share a few examples that illustrate the power of individual initiative. At one of our plants there was a machine used in needle assembly, and when it was running at a rate believed to be efficient, it produced 55,000 units an hour. Our production people started asking how they could improve it. One year later, that machine is producing 85,000 units an hour ­ a 50 percent-plus increase in throughput, and all because of the dedication, initiative and competence of people who work with the machine on the plant floor. Two other examples: In the fall of 1997, we convened a unified North American sales meeting. Previously, each of our businesses held its own meeting. Now our new format brings together hundreds

John W. Galiardo

of our North American sales representatives and is structured to promote strong cross-business, one-company interaction. At the same time we cover markets more effectively with today's products, we are speeding the process of 2.40 developing a wide range of 2.10 advanced technology 1.80 products for the future. 1.50 These initiatives range 1.20 from R&D efforts in 0 93 94 95 96 97 miniaturized Earnings Per Share Before Cumulative diagnostics Effect of Accounting Changes and "smart (Dollars) disposables" to establishing and staffing venture positions within our businesses to identify the most promising opportunities and commercialize them as quickly as possible. By themselves, these may appear to be relatively little

Financial Highlights

things ­ and that's precisely the point. Little things add up, gain momentum and build into a wave that sweeps us to an entirely new level. To be sure, there are some big things that mark our passage to becoming a new company. For example, last year we established Becton Dickinson Healthcare Systems (BDHS) to serve as the focal point representing Becton Dickinson businesses with integrated health care networks and core values multi-hospital systems. In its first nine · We act in harmony. months, · We do what is right. BDHS won · We always seek to large contracts improve.
· We accept personal responsibility.

Thousands of dollars, except per share amounts

1997 $2,810,523 300,074 2.30 .52

1996 $2,769,756 283,447 2.11 .46

Change 1.5% 5.9% 9.0% 13.0%

Operating Results

Revenues Net Income Earnings Per Share Dividends Per Common Share

Henry P. Becton

with purchasers who represent about two-thirds of all hospital beds in the United States. In another result of "onecompany" collaboration, our new Suzhou, China plant, which went operational in the latter part of 1996, in a matter of weeks ramped up to full,

three-shift production. The results of this efficiency ­ mass production and low unit costs ­ have immense implications for the people of China. To illustrate, in the United States, the demand for syringes is about seven units annually for our 250 million people, or a total of about 1.7 billion units. In China, there are 1.2 billion people, meaning the market may easily exceed 5 billion units. Our Suzhou plant can only make 300 million units a year right now, so we have a big job ahead of us. Another example illustrates how our purpose of helping all people live healthy lives relates to the major trend toward more individuals caring for themselves and others in the home. A small team from Becton Dickinson, working within the framework of a strategic alliance, received U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval to market the first at-home kit for measuring hemoglobin A1c to monitor blood glucose levels, an

important measure for people with diabetes. The significance of this event lies in the speed with which this product moved from development through FDA approval to market introduction. Moreover, it happened with very little financial investment by Becton Dickinson. The differentiator was the resourcefulness of a few Becton Dickinson people. With each passing day, more stories, great and small, are emerging as our company transforms itself. Yet, the sense of urgency remains. A little over a year ago, a few of us wrote down where we wanted to be 5, 10, 20 years from now. We noted all the things we could do to reach our goals. In spite of our best efforts, there was always a gap between what we wanted to be and what was realistic in terms of the Becton Dickinson that we knew at that time. The only way to overcome the performance gap was to transform ourselves.

At the same time, it was apparent that the only way we would climb the 20-year mountain was to break it into smaller, more achievable base camps that would provide us with landmarks along the way. For example, .55 our five-year goal is to dou.50 ble our sales. That alone is .45 highly ambitious. Is it .40 achievable? If we look at .35 another objective ­ increas0 93 94 95 96 97 Dividends Per ing return on Common Share equity from (Dollars) 13-14 percent annually to more than 20 percent ­ we're already there. While dramatically improved corporate performance is a primary motivator of our transformation, we should not overlook another: the societal reason. Do we seek to fill China's need for billions of syringes annually only because it drives topline

3

Creating Shareholder Value
300 Index 9/92 = 100

Monthly Indexed Common Stock Price History 9/30/92 to 9/30/97

A Year of Solid Financial Performance

250

200

BDX

150

S&P 500

100 S&P MED 50 9/92 9/93 9/94 9/95 9/96 9/97

4

revenue growth? No. Another aspect of our transformation is relevance. We must be a substantially larger company in order to make a meaningful impact on world health. In China, India, Africa and Latin America, most of the world's people are waiting for us. The Becton Dickinson of the future will not be a company so different that it forgets its fundamental values. Indeed, these values, which go back 100 years, only serve to further our purpose: We do what is right ... We are committed to the highest standards of excellence ... and

we are reliable, honest and trustworthy in all our dealings. We always seek to improve ... Superior quality is the "ground floor" of our organization. Upon it we continually strive to improve ... and learn from ourselves and others how to do things more effectively and efficiently. We accept personal responsibility ... We consider individual involvement and accountability to be both a right and a privilege ... we treat the company's reputation as our own. We act in harmony ... We respect the dignity and feelings of all people, strive to create a positive work environment and

consult one another, share ideas and involve those who can contribute to our progress. As we seek to become one of the top performing companies in the world, this much we believe we have achieved already: Becton Dickinson is one of the most exciting corporations in the world today. The values of the past are converging with a powerful transformation built on entrepreneurial initiatives and companywide collaboration. We have embarked on a bold venture that holds benefits for all our constituents ­ shareholders, employees, endusers in the medical community, patients and the health care systems around the world. For our next 100 years, we are pledged to helping all people live healthy lives.

At the same time it was positioning itself for long-term growth and reengineering processes and company culture, Becton Dickinson turned in a year of good financial performance.

· Company revenues rose to
$2.8 billion. Excluding the effects of foreign currency translation and the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures, the underlying revenue growth rate was five percent.

· Net income was $300 million, a
six percent increase over 1996's $283 million. Earnings per share were $2.30, an increase of nine percent over $2.11 in 1996. Excluding the one-time charges for in-process research and development associated with recent acquisitions, earnings per share were $2.41.

· Net income per employee
increased to $16,000.

· Gross profit margin, a key
measure of productivity, rose to 49.7 percent, compared with 48.4 percent in the preceding fiscal year.

· Return on equity increased to
22.1 percent in 1997 from 20.8 percent in 1996.

· Research and development
investments were $181 million, an increase from $154 million in 1996.

· Dividends per common share
Clateo Castellini John W. Galiardo

Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

Vice Chairman of the Board and General Counsel

increased 13 percent to $.52.

