Dear shareholders: In the long and successful history of BD, fiscal 1999 was a difficult year. While longer-term trends and future prospects remain overwhelmingly positive, financial results for the past year did not live up to expectations.
As we announced toward the latter part of the fiscal year, we encountered slower than anticipated revenue growth, which reduced our profit expectations. For the fiscal year, BD produced revenues of $3.4 billion, a 10 percent increase over the previous year. Net income increased 17 percent
Clateo Castellini Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

As you know, in recent years we have moved with a sense of urgency to transform BD as an enterprise and accelerate our revenues and earnings growth to a higher plane. In that process, we unleashed innovation and encouraged initiatives across a broad front, and we may have created more opportunities than we could effectively support. That having been said, I would observe that the hallmarks of a transformed enterprise are the dual abilities to recognize a problem and act quickly to rectify it. The outcome for BD is very healthy: · We have become more selective in terms of what we choose to add to our product portfolio. · We have changed the number of business segments to three for leverage and for better integration. They are BD Medical Systems, BD Biosciences and BD Preanalytical Solutions. 1

to $275.7 million, while diluted earnings per share were $1.04, a 16 percent increase. Reflecting on the challenges of the past year, I am confident that our overall direction is correct and that the disappointments we experienced can be attributed to expectations not being realized as quickly as we would have liked. The exception was home health care products. We responded to this appropriately, consolidating our resources to support those lines where we are strong while exiting those products that did not fit our strategic direction.

Financial highlights
Thousands of dollars, except per-share amounts

1999 Operating Results Revenues Net income Diluted earnings per share Dividends per common share $3,418,412 275,719 1.04 .34

1998 $3,116,873 236,568 .90 .29

Change 9.7% 16.5% 15.6% 17.2%

· We have better aligned our geographic regions with our business segments. As a result, we are getting the best of both worlds: core businesses of global scale, with local implementation by on-site regional and country teams. · We are driving "One Company" initiatives throughout the enterprise, especially in manufacturing, procurement and account management. In May, we went "live" with the first implementation of Genesis, our worldwide integrated business information system. As a final point on fiscal 1999, I would observe that we are still in the early stages of a transformational journey toward accelerating our top line growth and increasing our clinical relevance. Thus, the only real mistake would be for us to let unwanted, but natural, growing pains deflect us from our chosen path. We can manage through the ebb and flow that goes with being a major medical technology company doing business all over the world. We are a leader whose products and markets are strong and vibrant. Because of that ­ and my faith in my associates throughout BD ­ I can reaffirm our commitment to our 2 key long-term financial objectives:

15 percent earnings per share growth and accelerating revenue growth to 10 percent annually. I am confident that BD is superbly well positioned to realize both opportunities. Turning to accomplishments for the year, let me briefly summarize progress within the framework of our strategy for growth through acquisitions and alliances, new products, and geographic expansion. Acquisitions and alliances During fiscal 1999, BD completed several very important acquisitions. Going forward, we intend to remain alert to attractive opportunities, both strategically and opportunistically. The largest of our FY `99 acquisitions was completed in August when we closed on the purchase of Clontech Laboratories, Inc. This move significantly expanded our presence in the growing areas of molecular-based life sciences research and drug discovery. In addition, we acquired Biometric Imaging Inc., whose cell analysis system for clinical applications complements our own flow cytometry capabilities, and Transduction Laboratories, which focuses on reagents for research for cell biology. We signed key agreements with Saf-T-Med, Inc.,

Med-Design Corporation and QIAGEN N.V. In the first two, we now have acquired technology and exclusive rights to spring-based retracting needle technology that will be major enhancements to our burgeoning safety-engineered product portfolio. With QIAGEN, we formed a worldwide joint venture for the collection and processing of nucleic acid samples. New product development As a result of our concerted and ongoing efforts, BD now has the richest and most promising new product pipeline in its history. Highlights of the year included the introduction of our BDProbeTec ET molecular diagnostic instrument outside the United States, our first BD.id implementations and, of greatest significance, the expansion of our new generation of advanced protection devices. Geographic expansion The year was one of consolidation, however, we did open our new plant in India, the largest facility of its type in Asia, with a capacity to produce well over a billion disposable needles and syringes annually. As Asian economies recover, we expect stronger revenues to follow. We have implemented a smooth transition of Boin Medica Co., Ltd., South Korea's largest medical supplies company, after acquiring it in fiscal 1998, and we expect it to support our future growth in South Korea and neighboring countries. In addition, we made progress with our presence and infrastructure in Latin America, Eastern Europe and the Middle East.

*In-process research and development charges of $49 million, $30 million, and $15 million associated with acquisitions were recorded in 1999, 1998, and 1997, respectively.

These accomplishments join many others that have been implemented over the past few years to fundamentally change BD. In fact, we have made so many changes that it's possible they are not well known among our investors. There was ample evidence of that during the year. Too often, we heard a onedimensional description of BD as "the world's largest syringe manufacturer." True enough, we are the world's largest syringe manufacturer. But, we are a great deal more. It would be more accurate to portray BD as a "leading global medical technology company." Some of the ways in which we are reshaping BD through technology is the subject of the operations review section in this Annual Report. It is important to point out that technology at BD is not "me-too technology," that is, undifferentiated and uninspired. Our people, and the environment in which they work, are what enable us to differentiate BD technology and add value to the products and services we deliver to the marketplace. That's why we open the special report with a focus on BD people and our "One Company" initiatives. On the subject of people, I have several comments. The first and most significant concerns Ed Ludwig. In May, Ed was named President of BD; at year-end 1999, he will succeed me as Chief Executive Officer, while I will continue as Chairman of the Board. Based on experience and performance alone, Ed has the qualities to be an outstanding CEO. But, it is

Creating Long-Term Shareholder Value
Monthly Indexed Common Stock Price History 9/30/94 to 9/30/99 Index: 9/94 = 100

his leadership, vision, energy and personal values that make him extraordinarily well qualified to lead BD into the new millennium. Moreover, he has been a primary source of support during our transformation process, and he consistently has displayed the understanding of internal and external issues needed to navigate in the complex and challenging environment in which we operate. You will hear from Ed directly in this Annual Report, as he opens our special section. I also want to take this opportunity to recognize Jack Galiardo. At the end of the year, Jack is retiring as our Vice Chairman and General Counsel. Throughout his 22 years of service, Jack made highly important contributions to the success of BD, especially concerning the legal and regulatory impacts on our business. All of us at BD thank Jack and wish him well in retirement. I would like to welcome a new director, Willard J. (Mike) Overlock, Jr., to our Board. Mike is a retired partner from the investment banking firm of Goldman, Sachs & Co. His business acumen, experience and leadership have added a valuable perspective to our Board.

Sadly, our Director Gloria Shatto passed away during the year following a lengthy illness. Gloria, who was President of Berry College, served as a Director for 13 years beginning in 1986. We express our gratitude for her many contributions and extend our condolences to her family. Before closing, I would like to express my personal gratitude and appreciation to two groups. First, I would like to thank our Board of Directors for its continued support through a multi-year transition as we position the Company for the future. Second, I want to thank our associates for their hard work during this period. Although it has been a difficult year, I am gratified that you are so thoroughly engaged in our transformation process, and I am fully aware of the many ways in which you have gone "above and beyond" to take on imposing tasks and win ­ with professionalism, integrity and spirit. 3

Clateo Castellini Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

