To our shareholders:

It is with great pleasure that I write to you in this, my first letter to shareholders as chief executive officer. In our annual report this year we hope to accomplish two things: brief you on the past year, and help you to gain a better understanding of the enterprise we are building at BD.

reach and relevance to patients and healthcare practitioners. By reading this report I hope you will come to appreciate the unique role BD occupies as toolmaker for the worldwide healthcare industry. Turning to fiscal 2000, obviously it was a difficult year and one in which we did not meet our financial performance objectives ­ or yours. At the same time, I believe we will look back on it as a time when we took steps to position ourselves for strong, sustainable growth. In the marketplace, we made major progress in our conversion to the industry's broadest, deepest line of safety-engineered products. Our Biosciences segment continued to be an innovative force in providing leading-edge tools for drug discovery and development and human genomics. We brought to market two state-of-the-art diagnostic systems for clinical laboratories. Internally, we made measurable progress in reengineering critical business processes around a global, companywide resource 1

Edward J. Ludwig President and Chief Executive Officer I hope to accomplish much of the first objective with this letter. As to the second, let me refer you to our report, "Tools for Human Health," on the pages that follow. In this section, you will see BD products in use across the healthcare continuum, from advanced research in the world's most sophisticated laboratories to immunization programs in some of the most remote and rugged areas on earth. This is who we are. I believe no other company in our industry has that kind of

planning system. We implemented decisive actions to enhance organizational effectiveness, drive process improvement across the company, and increase productivity and efficiency throughout the supply chain. In September, as the fiscal year closed, we announced a plan of restructuring and overall financial improvement that accomplished several things. First, we aligned workforce size with more realistic growth projections. Second, we implemented significant expense controls, also in alignment with anticipated revenues. Third, we made modifications to distributor

relationships that are moving us closer to the customer and supporting greater supply chain efficiencies. For these and other reasons, I believe we can look to the future with confidence. For the longer term, our vision of becoming a great company remains firmly in place. That vision has three elements. First, we seek to make meaningful contributions to human health worldwide. To us, "Indispensable to human health" is more than a slogan ­ it's part of our lives. Second, since business success is essential to fulfilling our vision, we are committed to improved financial performance and meeting responsibilities to our shareholders. Third, we want to make a very good place to work even better. Our ability to do that flows directly from the 2 first two objectives.

As I have said, in fiscal 2000 we did not achieve our financial performance objectives. The revenue shortfall can be traced to two business segments: Biosciences and Medical Systems. Despite overall strong growth in Biosciences, certain of our newer product groups missed their targets, while the BDProbeTec ET laboratory instrument experienced a longer-thananticipated customer evaluation cycle. In Medical Systems, revenues were disappointing in infusion therapy and critical care products in Europe, as well as our home healthcare product line. With revenues below forecast, profitability was impacted by three key initiatives involving significant investment over several years. We are near the conclusion of a $300 million commitment to invest

in new production systems in the U.S. for safety-engineered products, representing the largest manufacturing recapitalization program in the history of BD. This recapitalization is expected to be substantially completed by the end of fiscal 2001. Ordinarily, that level of spending by itself would have represented more than a year's supply of capital. We are also spending over $300 million to implement Genesis, a global resource planning tool that will ultimately make possible significant productivity improvements throughout the company. Our global businesses will operate more effectively, benefitting our income statement and balance sheet. We expect to fully implement Genesis during fiscal 2003. Finally, we have been working to realize the full benefits of the $1 billion in acquisitions we made in companies such as Clontech Laboratories, Transduction Laboratories and PharMingen. As fiscal 2001 progresses, we

Financial highlights Thousands of dollars, except per-share amounts 2000 Operating results Revenues Net income Diluted earnings per share Dividends per common share $3,618,334 392,897 1.49 .37 $3,418,412 275,719 1.04 .34 5.8% 42.5% 43.3% 8.8% 1999 Change

will begin to reap the rewards of significant capital investment, strategic acquisitions, process initiatives and spending controls. Clearly, we can't cost-cut our way to growth. Innovation and new products remain critical. In our efforts to enhance shareholder value we will build from the ground up, with a focus on consistent financial performance and what I call purposeful growth. In short, we know what we do well, we know what we need to improve and we are committed to both. Let me turn to key accomplishments of the year, with an emphasis on their implications for the future.

launched in Europe in September and is already stimulating a highly
3800 3400 3000 2600 2200 0 1900 1750 1600 1450 1300 0 400 325 250 175 100 0

positive customer response. In BD Biosciences, our flow cytometry products experienced strong revenue growth. We have restructured BD Biosciences into a pure life sciences business. In 2001 we will begin to report it as a separate segment. This will provide more transparency and better
96 97 98 99 00

96 97 98 99 00 Revenues (Millions of Dollars)

96 97 98 99 00 Gross Profit (Millions of Dollars)

highlight the growth and value of this business. BD Biosciences is a leading tool provider in fast moving and dynamic markets, including molecular biology; immunology and cell analysis; and cell biology. The business is especially well-positioned

Capital Expenditures (Millions of Dollars)

BD is the pioneer in medical devices designed to prevent accidental needlesticks to those who deliver healthcare. In 2000, we saw our conversion to safety-engineered products reach critical mass. We have made substantial progress in addressing the challenge of redesigning our manufacturing processes to produce much more complex devices in high volumes, while maintaining BD standards for quality. We have ample capacity in IV catheters and sample collection devices, and we are building toward the same in hypodermic products. We met our sales and profit goals for safety-engineered products this year and also realized incremental sales in Europe. Safety legislation gained momentum throughout the

year, culminating in the enactment of the Needlestick Safety and Prevention Act, which was signed into law by President Clinton on November 6, 2000. This law requires healthcare facilities to review and ensure the use of safety-engineered sharps products. We have also recently introduced two new clinical diagnostic platforms. Our BDProbeTec ET system was launched in the U.S. market at the beginning of calendar 2000 and, although revenues lagged due to longer-than-anticipated evaluation periods, we won over 90 percent of competitive evaluations. We are confident that we will realize strong year-over-year sales gains for the BDProbeTec ET system in fiscal 2001. Our Phoenix automated microbiology system for simplifying drug susceptibility testing was

to benefit from its ability to deliver integrated research systems that include instruments, assays, software, consumables and services. Turning to Genesis, our business process reengineering initiative, we have now gone "live" in five of our large North American manufacturing facilities and parts of Canada. Our focus now is on procurement, manufacturing, shipping and customer-facing applications. Genesis is essential to a lean supply chain, low inventory and back-orders, and very high service levels. The customer relationship side of Genesis puts us much closer to our markets and provides us with valuable insights into how our products are used. Genesis is also a resource for implementing our e-business strategy. Anchoring our e-business 3

approach is membership in the Global Healthcare Exchange, which includes leading medical device companies, such as GE Medical Systems, Abbott Laboratories, Johnson & Johnson and others. Together, we are creating an e-business exchange offering customers a single point for accessing our full product array and making quicker, more efficient purchasing decisions. In terms of organizational learning and development, during the past year we launched BD University as a resource to develop leadership talent throughout the company. We also continued to engage BD associates in process improvements, and we substantially strengthened BD's overall management skills and capabilities. On a personal note, I am 4 pleased to recognize our Chairman of the Board, Clateo Castellini, who has shared his counsel and continued to be a source of energy and inspiration, just as he was during his tenure as CEO. I am also happy to welcome James F. Orr to our Board of Directors. He joined us early in the new fiscal year. Jim is president and CEO of Convergys Corporation, Cincinnati, Ohio. Convergys is the world's largest provider of outsourced customer management and billing services. I want to make special note of the fact that this year brought John R. Considine to BD as executive vice president and chief financial officer. John joins me and a renewed senior management team comprised of talented individuals in corporate roles and in our operations world-

wide . Some are new to BD, others newly assigned to key positions, but all are experienced and capable of doing what is necessary to meet our objectives. I look forward to working closely with them in the challenging and exciting times that lie ahead. At BD today our sense of direction is strong and clear. To reiterate, we know what we do well, we know what we need to improve and we're committed to both. We are above all committed to consistent, sustainable financial performance built on the "indispensable tools for human health" that bring value to world health and thus to our shareholders. BD has a culture that supports these goals. In my travels, I have met with thousands of talented BD associates who value a challenging working environment and are proud to be a part of BD. This year, more than ever, I have admired their professionalism and dedication and I look forward to working with them to deliver on the promises we have made.

Edward J. Ludwig President and Chief Executive Officer

