 TESTIMONALS
Over the years World Reach Ltd. has instilled its corporate vision and values through their businesses ensuring the expertise, service and technology are leading edge. Customer feedback and support is what drives our team to focus on innovative products and meet the growing demands for mobile satellite based solutions. Throughout this report we have shared some of what our customers had to say.
   “IsatDock PRO was successfully installed and performs well despite the location and the severe environment”
Service Manager
Antarctic Polar Station, Russia
  “Best experience ever in purchasing a mobile communications device. Single phone call, quick delivery, would recommend SatPhone Shop to anyone.”
Use for Emergency Back-up
- Geoff W., VIC
  “This (RemoteSAT, RST100) is by far the best communications system we have tested – much better than anything else we have used in the planes before.”
Royal Flying Doctor Service
Gary Oldman, IT Manager
  “Without a doubt outstanding customer service. Very very impressed with the service we received. The staff went over and beyond. Thank you.”
Use for Business Requirement
- Group CCTV, QLD
  “We find the phone to be trouble free, reliable and offers additional tracking capabilities compared to other phones”
Bob & Elaine Ebaugh
Adventurers in the Caribbean
 CHAIRMAN’S REPORT
“During the last year Beam has also been in development of a new concept satellite terminal for a third network operator involving substantial R&D investment.”
 I am pleased to provide the following Chairman’s Report on the Company for the year ended 30 June 2016.
Performance
The principal activity of the Group during the year has been the manufacture and global distribution of satellite communication terminals, handheld phone accessories and OEM for the Iridium GO!® Wi-Fi device that provides global voice/text/data services for smartphones. Prior to FY2016, our subsidiary, Beam Communications Pty Ltd (‘Beam’) had only developed products to specifically suit the two major global satellite networks of Iridium and Inmarsat. During the last year Beam has also been in development of a new concept satellite terminal for a third network operator involving substantial R&D investment.
After a very successful year in FY2015 the Group delivered a lower revenue figure for FY2016, reflecting the delay in receipt of a significant product order for Iridium GO!®, which is a major product for the World Reach Group. Further deliveries of this product are now expected to commence under a third order later in FY2017. In FY2016 the lower revenue was partially offset by tight control of operating costs and overheads which resulted in the Group delivering a net profit before tax of $417,011, in its third consecutive year of profitability.
Last year the Company brought to account a significant tax benefit of $1,406,402 stemming from recognition of 50% of the accumulated tax losses. Based on forward yearly forecasts the Directors expect sufficient future profitability so as to realise the full value of deferred tax assets. Accordingly, this year the Company considers it conservative and prudent to recognise 60% of the amount of deferred tax assets relating to carried forward tax losses. This added $381,016 to Net Profit After Tax offsetting the year’s Australian tax expense of $303,475.
Capital Management
As a result of the Group’s significant investment in research and development, the Company has in recent years benefited from Australian Government Research and Development grants. They are usually received in the June/July period of each year and are paid in arrears. The grant in respect to the FY2015 year was not received by 30 June 2016 and has accordingly not been included in the FY2016 financial accounts. That grant has since been received in the amount of $223,952.
After the extensive capital restructuring initiative of FY2015 there was no movement in equity funds during FY2016. The Company enjoyed a substantial in-funds cash position through the year with expenditure on the current major development project drawing on these cash funds. The Group is in continuous discussions with satellite network operators with the view to taking on more product development initiatives that further diversify and expand the product portfolio for specific market opportunities.
Strategy and Outlook
The board and the CEO in 2015 re-developed a strategy document to form a basis for planning the next 3 to 5 years when significant events in the satellite market are expected.
The key objectives for FY2017 are:
• To extend the supply contracts for Iridium GO!® and exploit potential
further development of the product. Beam has recently secured a third order for 5000 units. 50% of the deliveries will commence shipping in the second half of FY2017;
• To successfully complete the design
and development of the new concept satellite terminal announced on 9 April 2015, both on-time and on-budget, to ensure deliveries can commence in early FY2018;
• To assess the option to undertake another major development project;
• To further develop the SatPhone Shop business in Australia; and
• To take advantage of any suitable emerging investment opportunities in the satellite market.
Appreciation to Staff and Board
Finally I would like to express my thanks and appreciation to the CEO, Michael Capocchi, his executive team and my fellow board members for their on-going efforts to deliver successful and innovative outcomes for our clients and to secure opportunities that drive growth and returns for our shareholders.
Mr David Antony Dawson Chairman
 23
WORLD REACH
ANNUAL REPORT 2016
TESTIMONIALS
CHAIRMAN’S REPORT
