TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS

Beckman Coulter has become the undeniable leader in improving laboratory processes, with automation solutions that increase safety, improve quality, speed test turnaround time and reduce labor. Our business model provides us a steady revenue stream from tests, supplies and service, while our research and development investment delivers a steady pipeline of innovative new products for the biomedical marketplace. Against the backdrop of a troubled world economy in 2002, Beckman Coulter's results were solid. Sales were up 3.8%. We entered the year with optimism about continued growth in Clinical Diagnostics, slower but robust growth in Life Science Research and accelerating growth in Specialty Testing. Our assumptions for the diagnostics market were on target. The tighter research markets, however, required us to revise our operating plans midyear. Clinical Diagnostic sales increased 6.5%, driven in part by a relatively healthy U.S. hospital market. Our Life Science Research business was up early in the year, but fell victim to reduced capital investment for R&D by biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies as the year progressed. By year-end, healthy government and academic spending could not quite offset the softness in pharmaceutical and biotechnology spending, resulting in Life Science Research sales down 3.1% for the year. Last year we formed a new business segment, Specialty Testing, devoted to the newer technologies used in clinical research. Sales in Specialty Testing gathered momentum as the year progressed, growing more than 12% in the fourth quarter, up a modest 1.2% for the year. The success was based mainly on the launch of the new Cytomics FC 500 flow cytometer for the research market. In December, we settled a patent litigation suit, which resulted in a fourth quarter charge of $39 million. Before the charge, operating income margin increased to 12.8%. To achieve this, in light of the lower-than-anticipated sales in the research markets, we had to scale back in the second half of the year on selling, general and administrative expenses. In contrast, we continued to invest heavily in R&D, currently at the rate of about 9% of sales. For the year, before the litigation related charge, earnings per share for the company were a record $2.45. Because of our business model and balance sheet management, Beckman Coulter is a significant cash generator. In fact, we generated $171 million of free cash flow this year. In 2002 this cash flow was used to pay down $80 million of debt. In five years, we have reduced debt more than half a billion dollars. In October of 2002, the Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program, which gives us the authorization to

4 2002 ANNUAL REPORT BECKMAN COULTER

buy up to five million shares of BEC stock over a three-year period. In 2003, we plan to use our significant free cash to pay down debt, repurchase shares, fund our pension plan and make selected acquisitions. So, that's the broad financial picture. Turning to the business strategy, we remain committed to three strategic initiatives. Let me give you an update in each area:
$101.6 '00 $67.8 '01 '02 $903.9 $815.3 '01 '00 '02
5

FREE CASH FLOW*
in millions

1. GROW THE CORE BUSINESS
$77.7

Our core Clinical Diagnostic business, which represents about two-thirds of our sales, is solid. Due to our new product platforms in chemistry, immunoassay and hematology-- all enabled by automation--Beckman Coulter is a major player in hospital laboratory testing. The breadth and quality of our line helped us successfully sell to integrated health care networks looking to purchase same-vendor equipment for their clinics, community hospitals and large core hospital labs.
($167.0)

To further enhance our market shares in routine chemistry and immunoassay testing, we combined our stellar analysis capabilities, added automated sample handling and wrapped them together with innovative data management to create a single workstation that has a menu of 146 tests. Named the SYNCHRON LX®i 725 clinical system, this product allows labs to reduce sample handling, minimize exposure to test samples and perform more tests on a single blood vial. It's targeted at the medium- to large-sized hospital. The system started shipping in November of 2002, and will allow us to not only grow our installed base of chemistry systems, but also dramatically increase our market share of immunoassay testing. In hematology, Beckman Coulter has successfully reestablished the COULTER® franchise as a growing entity. Within the last two and a half years, we have released new systems in the low-, medium- and high-throughput segments of the market, completely revitalizing the product line. This year in particular, sales of the new high-throughput product, the COULTER® LH 750 hematology system, pushed our hematology sales growth well above the market growth rate. Within the Life Science Research business, the standout performer in 2002 was our DNA sequencer, the CEQTM 8000 genetic analysis system. It represents just one of our lines benefiting from the expansion in disease research brought on by the Human Genome Project. Unit placements of DNA sequencers were up 10% over 2001, as individual researchers have started purchasing systems to explore specific regions and mutations in DNA.

'98

'99

*Cash flows from operating activities less capital expenditures

TOTAL DEBT
in millions

$1,101.1

$1,017.1

'98

'99

BECKMAN COULTER 2002 ANNUAL REPORT

$766.8

$170.5

Our robotic liquid handling business soared over the last few years along with the
2002 QUARTERLY HIGHLIGHTS 1ST QUARTER Announced an alliance with Ciphergen Biosystems, Inc. to automate clinical proteomics research. Shipped the Cytomics FC 500 system, a dual-laser, five-color flow cytometer for the cell-based research market. Introduced and shipped the CEQTM 8000 genetic analysis system, which performs a wide variety of DNA-related tests.

biotechnology boom, but suffered this year from a drop-off of capital investments in R&D by biotechnology firms. For now, we have moved our liquid handling products into new applications. In forensics, the Biomek ® FX workstation has become instrumental in DNA sample preparation for evidence screening, paternity determination and human remains identification. With the peaking of the life science research markets, we diversified our automation strategy into growing market segments, such as bioterrorism. Success of this effort led to a major order from the U.S. Army to create an automated biological agent testing system for use in analyzing air, food, soil and mail as part of the homeland defense effort. Our next move is into clinical research with software that allows researchers to track samples and reactions, a necessary element in human-based research testing. Today, many of our efforts in Life Science Research are targeted to the study of proteins --the next wave of focus in basic medical and drug research. Our new centrifuges are aimed at improving the process of separating and isolating proteins. Our liquid handlers are being reconfigured to prepare samples for protein analysis. With a recently signed agreement with Eprogen, Inc., we have access to a chemistry for our systems to automate the now-tedious process of protein fractionation and characterization. All of these products should help restore the momentum in our Life Science Research business in the later part of 2003.
2. LEVERAGE THE BIOMEDICAL TESTING CONTINUUM

To aid in the movement of our tests and technologies from R&D testing to patient testing, we established the Specialty Testing Division. This business serves the clinical trials,
2ND QUARTER Signed four supply agreements worth a total of $173 million over 21 months with Premier, Inc., one of the largest group purchasing organizations in the United States. Shipped the Avanti ® J-E centrifuge, a compact, general purpose system for bioseparations. Shipped the Vi-CELL cell viability analyzer, which automates monitoring of viable cells during the manufacturing stage of the recombinant DNA process.
TM

clinical research and esoteric testing markets. Today, the primary technology is flow cytometry. It is used extensively to study cancer cells, track disease progression and monitor a patient's response to drug therapy. It is also useful in checking for diseased cells left behind after treatments such as chemotherapy. Early in 2001, we launched a new research flow cytometer, the Cytomics FC 500. Customer reception to its dual-laser, five-color analysis was excellent. In fact, flow cytometry sales grew 11% in the fourth quarter and should continue to be hearty in 2003. Right after the close of 2002, we merged our Life Science Research and Specialty Testing divisions into a new Biomedical Research Division. This combination will allow us to be more efficient in the constrained research markets, while allowing us to leverage all of our products and technologies across the life sciences and clinical research spectrum.

6 2002 ANNUAL REPORT BECKMAN COULTER

3. INVEST IN HIGH POTENTIAL OPPORTUNITIES

Over the past three years, we have moved 7% out of the R&D budget for existing system upgrades and earmarked it for high potential technologies. One of our emerging Specialty Testing products of high potential is MHC Tetramers. We acquired the exclusive rights for MHC Tetramers from Stanford University and have invested more than $18 million in product development. Although the adoption rate of this technology has been slower than expected, we have made significant strides: This immune testing technology is currently used in more than 50 clinical trials to monitor patient response to new drugs. It is under evaluation for detecting and monitoring hepatitis C, HIV and Type 1 diabetes. The first MHC Tetramer to be submitted for regulatory review, late in 2003, will be used for transplantation patients to evaluate the likelihood of developing cytomegalovirus (CMV).
ANOTHER BEGINNING

2002 QUARTERLY HIGHLIGHTS 3RD QUARTER Signed a licensing and supply agreement with Eprogen, Inc. to become the exclusive distributor of the ProteoSep* consumables and software platform, an important technology for automating protein research. Shipped the OptimaTM L-XP ultracentrifuge system, used for preparation and separation applications in cytomics, genomics and proteomics. Unveiled plans for a nanoliter liquid transfer platform for low-volume liquid handling.
*Trademark of Eprogen, Inc.

It is exciting to belong to the industry where health care begins. Nearly every day, the news is filled with announcements about another technological or scientific discovery that has the potential to contribute to faster, more accurate diagnosis or treatment of disease. Beckman Coulter is an important player in this biomedical revolution, delivering a steady flow of new instruments, automation and tests to laboratory customers. In recent years, we have taken market share and achieved record sales and earnings. As we look to 2003, we are slated to introduce a number of new products to help laboratories do their part to advance health care. Immune testing and protein research are just two areas where we expect new offerings. In the new Biomedical Research Division, since we can't change the wind, we are adjusting our sails to the current market conditions. In Clinical Diagnostics, it's a sea of opportunity and we're running full speed ahead. The results should be another year of record sales and earnings. It will definitely be a year for adding to the base of biomedical intelligence.
4TH QUARTER Signed a $125 million, five-year clinical chemistry product agreement with the MAGNET group purchasing organization. Announced commercialization of Class II MHC Tetramer reagents used to detect diseases such as Type I diabetes, rheumatoid arthritis and multiple sclerosis. Shipped the SYNCHRON LX®i 725 clinical system, a closed-tube sampling workstation offering more than 140 immunodiagnostic and routine chemistry tests.

John P. Wareham Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer January 27, 2003

BECKMAN COULTER 2002 ANNUAL REPORT

7

