1998 Annual Report: Realizing the Value of Beckman Coulter

april 2001

Letter to Stockholders

Management's key objective for 1998 has been the formation of a new company that combines two of the world's strongest, most recognized Franchises in the diagnostics and life sciences markets ­ Beckman Instruments, Inc. and Coulter Corporation. This new entity, known as Beckman Coulter, is a unified global company creating value by serving customers with one of the industry's broadest range of products to optimize clinical and research processes. Principally as the result of this acquisition, sales grew 43 percent to $1.7 billion, with about half the revenue coming From outside the United States. This was during a year when overall business activity suffered from weak economic conditions in Asia and Europe once reductions in U.S. government reimbursement for diagnostic testing. In this environment, the base business grew about two percent before the effects of changes in currency exchange rates. Earnings for the year were $1.52 per share before special charges. Earnings were reduced by acquisition costs and the initially low profitability of Coulter, now called our cellular analysis business. Before closing this acquisition, we identified three opportunities for value creation: I. Transitioning Coulter for Profitability II. Integrating For Synergy Savings III. Leveraging Sales and Strategy

1. Transitioning Coulter for Profitability Coulter was a private company. This allowed the owners to de-emphasize profitability in order to pursue a broad range of activities beyond the scope of a tightly focused diagnostics and life sciences enterprise. As a result, operating profits were less than half of Beckman's. Our post-acquisition plan provided for a six-to-nine month "transition" period, when the cellular analysis business was operated as a stand-alone unit. During this time, extraneous activities were terminated, cost reduction initiatives were implemented and the organization was prepared for integration. II. Integrating for Synergy Savings Much of the integration is complete. It was undertaken with the objective of creating one company that can efficiently and effectively serve our target markets. Integration began at the staff level almost immediately, but the major task of combining commercial operations did not begin until September of 1998. Integration and rationalization of manufacturing activities began in 1998, but will continue through 1999. The fact that the two companies had no overlap in product but served the same customers has been an important Factor in realizing synergy savings. I am pleased to report that as of December 31, we have met our targets. Transition and integration activities have run ahead of schedule and savings are greater than planned.

Table of Contents | Letter to Stockholders (continued)
©1998, 1999, 2000, 2001 Beckman Coulter, Inc. Contact the Webmaster

Brought to you by Global Reports http://www.beckmancoulter.com/beckman/98anrpt/Stockholders.asp [4/11/2001 7:06:52 AM]

1998 Annual Report: Letter to Stockholders (continued)

april 2001

Letter to Stockholders (Cont'd)

Employment is down by 1,400 positions or about 13 percent, one manufacturing facility has been closed, other closures have been announced and we are operating with "one face to the customer" worldwide. We now expect to exceed the original target for synergy savings by a comfortable margin. III. Leveraging Sales and Strategy Although some of the cellular analysis sales go to bioresearch customers, and over the long run will enhance our efforts in this market, the majority are sold to clinical laboratories. Prior to the acquisition, this was also Beckman's largest customer market. Together, the acquired products and the clinical chemistry line produced about $1.3 billion of revenues in 1998. This larger and more comprehensive product portfolio is providing benefits in three key ways: Customers are impressed with this business combination and our larger scale. As a result, they perceive Beckman Coulter as a more desirable supplier of diagnostic products. Increased volume and a broader range of products have strengthened our ability to compete for business with hospital networks and groups. The strong hematology presence in large hospitals that came with our aquisition is accelerating sales of a new generation of chemistry analyzers designed to meet large hospital testing volumes. Over the longer term, our cellular analysis business will provide the greatest contribution to value by leveraging Beckman Coulter's core business strategy ­ simplifying and automating laboratory processes to provide customers with an economic or outcome benefit. By adding cellular analysis for hematology to our existing clinical chemistry capabilities, we now can address more than 75 percent of the samples in hospital laboratories and essentially all blood testing considered

I believe that Beckman Coulter is in a particularly strong position to differentiate itself and profit with this strategy. The Company continues to lead the industry in its ability to integrate the engineering, software and chemistry sciences to create leading-edge process-focused systems. We do this with a holistic outlook that goes beyond optimizing analytical steps and instead focuses on comprehensive solutions that let customers speed their research and provide better patient care. Going forward, we will continue to realize returns from this strategic Beckman Coulter combination. This value will be created by our employees around the world and will be based on the Foundation they created in 1998. Integrating these two great companies has been a Herculean task, compounded by difficult market conditions. More remains to be done, but the major portion is behind us and was completed ahead of schedule. We are excited. The 10,000 employees of Beckman Coulter and I look forward to continued success in the 21st century.

John P. Wareham
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

Brought to you by Global Reports http://www.beckmancoulter.com/beckman/98anrpt/Stockholders2.asp (1 of 2) [4/11/2001 7:06:56 AM]

