letter to our stockholders

For Beckman Coulter, 2001 was a hard-earned success. As we entered the year, several elements were working in our favor. Competitively, we were strong. Our markets were growing. And new opportunities were emerging due to the whole genomics revolution. As the year played out, weak foreign currencies hampered sales growth and the events of September 11 handed us a temporary setback. In the end, we capitalized on our strengths and overcame obstacles to achieve record sales and earnings, plus made wonderful advancements in leveraging Beckman Coulter capabilities and technologies around the biomedical testing continuum. In clinical diagnostics, we introduced several systems that will be pivotal in fortifying our leading market positions. We sharpened our focus on emerging opportunities in clinical research and commercial laboratories by establishing a new Specialty Testing division.We enhanced our leadership positions in automation for both life science and diagnostic laboratories. And, finally, we were able to shift more resources to high potential areas that will bolster sales growth in the coming years. Performance-wise, Beckman Coulter made terrific progress. Worldwide sales for the year hit a record $1.984 billion. In constant currency, sales grew 7.3%.The strong U.S. dollar trimmed $41 million from sales, resulting in a reported sales growth of 5.1% over 2000.The combination of a very effective currency hedging program and lower interest expense helped overcome the significant impact on operating income caused by the continued weakness in the euro and the yen. Net earnings, before an accounting change, for the year were up 12.7% over 2000, to a record $141.5 million. Diluted earnings per share, before the accounting change, reached $2.21, up 8.9% over the prior year. Overall, in constant currency, our clinical diagnostics business grew 5.6% and the life science research business grew 13.6%. Most of our product lines outperformed the market. For example, robotic automation/genetic analysis grew 37% -- three times faster than the life sciences market -- led by the innovative Biomek® FX laboratory automation workstation. Immunodiagnostics, spurred by 37% sales growth of Access® and new Access® 2 immunoassay systems and tests, grew a healthy 11.5%, well above an estimated 5-6% market growth. Beckman Coulter continues to generate significant cash flow. Since the Coulter Corporation acquisition in 1997, we have reduced debt by more than $400 million. Due to strong operations, significant debt reduction and solid strategic plans, we are now investment grade at three rating agencies: Fitch, Moody's and Standard & Poor's. In November, our investment
4

grade ratings helped us to refinance some of our existing debt with favorable terms and rates. In 2002, we plan to continue sizable debt reduction, but will increasingly turn our focus to funding strategic growth initiatives.
PROGRESS ON ALL ANGLES

Our company differentiates itself and creates value by simplifying and automating our customers' processes. These efforts have demonstrated clear outcome benefits for customers -- from time and labor savings, to cost reductions, to improvements in patient care. Supporting this core strategy are three strategic platforms: Grow the Core Business; Leverage the Biomedical Testing Continuum; and Invest in High Potential Opportunities.We made measurable progress on all strategic fronts.
GROW THE CORE BUSINESS

A fundamental driver of our core business is product line renewal. In 2001, we introduced significant new instrument systems in each of the three product lines of clinical diagnostics. In routine chemistry, the SYNCHRON LX®20 PRO is the only clinical chemistry system on the market with closed-tube sampling capabilities. Now hospitals have the ability to speed test results while minimizing staff exposure to blood samples and repetitive motion injuries. Within immunodiagnostics, we launched the Access® 2 system to include easy touch-screen programming, multi-system networking and pediatric sample processing. In hematology, two new systems were introduced. For the low-volume market, we offered the Ac·TTM 5diff CP analyzer, with closed-tube sampling, to maximize cell count information and minimize operator exposure. For the highvolume labs, such as university hospitals and commercial laboratories, we shipped the COULTER® LH 700 series analyzers, the first truly random access hematology systems with slidemaker and slidestainer options for totally automated red and white blood cell counts. Today, we have one of the strongest new product offerings in the clinical diagnostics industry. Not only are these new products hitting the mark, they are backed up by nextgeneration systems already in the development pipeline. In life science research, we continue to enhance our portfolio of products for genomic and proteomic applications. We extended our agreement with Promega Corporation to provide key chemistry solutions for DNA sample preparation run on our Biomek® brand workstations. In DNA sequencing, we added capabilities to our CEQTM 2000XL DNA analysis

Brought to you by Global Reports

Financially, we have renewed flexibility and, operationally, we have the technology and organization to succeed.
system for DNA fragment analysis. And finally, we introduced new centrifuges, rotors and supplies that serve the needs of researchers in the proteomics field.
LEVERAGE THE BIOMEDICAL TESTING CONTINUUM

We define our business universe as the entire range of biomedical laboratory testing.To enhance our ability to leverage our technologies around the biomedical testing continuum, in March, we announced a three-division structure organized to serve the biomedical testing market segments: Clinical Diagnostics, Life Science Research and the new Specialty Testing division.This structure will allow us to move tests and system platforms from one area of testing into the fastest growing market niches. The fundamental enabler of our leverage around the continuum is automation -- for all types of laboratories. For the research laboratory, no liquid handling system on the market approaches the flexibility and capability of the Biomek FX workstation. Introduced in June of 2000, Biomek FX sales hit full stride this year, while also benefiting from new features such as tube-to-plate, 384- and 1536-well pipetting options. Demand was so great, system orders were backlogged for the majority of the year.The new tube-to-plate capability will allow us to move the Biomek FX into new markets within the specialty testing laboratory. Clinical laboratories, short on trained staff and under continued pressure to enhance testing efficiency, are adopting automation to do everything from sorting samples to organizing sample storage. Beckman Coulter's Power Processor has become the number one choice for hospital laboratories automating the laborious task of sample preparation.
INVEST IN HIGH POTENTIAL OPPORTUNITIES

which can be used with spherical microbeads, microtiter plate formats or even biochips, will serve the bioassay revolution. The target application for microarrays is the $800 million bioassay market, which is growing at about 20% a year. Our first microarray product in 2002, the A2TM Plate, will increase the throughput of testing by increasing the density of tests in currently available testing platforms -- specifically a 96-well microtiter plate run on liquid handling robotic workstations, such as the Biomek FX.
A H E A LT H Y C O M PA N Y , W I T H A H E A LT H Y O U T L O O K As we enter 2002, I believe it's important to reflect on the

macro-economic environment and the strategic position of Beckman Coulter within its markets.There is no doubt that the world economies are weaker now than at the beginning of 2001 and that there is generally a greater degree of uncertainty about what the future holds. However, our business is biomedical testing.The same market dynamics exist today as did before the tragic events of September 11: · Demographics, especially in the industrialized nations, are accelerating the amount of testing done to improve patient care. · The "new biology" is driving an explosion in the need for more testing -- particularly in drug discovery and medical research. · And new technologies -- such as DNA sequencing -- are being applied to individual patient testing at an increasing rate. Beckman Coulter is well positioned to take advantage of all of these dynamics because of our strong market positions, large installed base, unique automated solutions and exciting new technology platforms. Financially, we have renewed flexibility and, operationally, we have the technology and organization to succeed. Before closing, I want to thank our customers and stockholders for your support during the trying times of 2001. I also want to thank our superb employees who kept focused on the business at hand, enabling us to achieve our business goals for 2001.

Turning to our third strategic platform, our two major initiatives are MHC Tetramers and microarrays.Today, our MHC Tetramer business for immune response testing continues to ramp up.We introduced three additional ready-to-use tests -- Cytomegalovirus, Epstein-Barr and Influenza -- plus we are participating in more than 20 clinical trials for HIV and cancer vaccines.We continue to be optimistic about the potential of MHC Tetramer technology to be an $80-100 million business for us by mid-decade. As the demand for testing grows exponentially in the research lab due to genomics and proteomics, our focus is on delivering various levels of testing capacity to increase throughput and reduce costs. Our patented universal capture technology,

J O H N P. W A R E H A M

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer February 18, 2002
5

Brought to you by Global Reports

