Letter to Stockholders

Gregory E. Johnson
President and Chief Executive Officer

Dear Fellow Stockholders, Our fiscal year 2008 was one of contrasts. The year began with net assets at an all-time high, strong flows and record earnings. It ended with a significant global market downturn that led to extensive market depreciation for equities and redemptions at levels not seen since 1999. During the fiscal year, the S&P 500® Index was down 22%, and the MSCI World Index declined 26%. In the midst of these difficult market conditions, our net assets under management (AUM) ended the year at $507.3 billion, compared to $645.9 billion a year earlier. Over $123 billion of the decline was due to market depreciation. Diluted earnings per share for the year ended September 30, 2008, declined 5% to $6.67 from $7.03 in the previous year.
INVESTMENT EXPERTISE

Although absolute investment performance for the one-year period was negative for most of our funds (as it was for many of our peers), we have been encouraged to see relative investment performance improve for a number of our key investment products--in particular the Templeton and Mutual Series funds for both our U.S.-registered and non-U.S.-registered Luxembourg-domiciled SICAV funds (Société d'Investissement à Capital Variable).1 Franklin Templeton Fixed Income Group® has continued to deliver strong relative performance with over 93%, 98% and 97% of U.S.-registered mutual fund assets ranked in the top two quartiles of their respective Lipper peer groups in total return for the respective three-, five- and 10-year periods at fiscal year-end (based on Class A shares only).2 During the year, we continued to focus on increasing our fixed income market share, which grew from 11% to 13% for the U.S. non-proprietary channel. In addition, our Municipal Bond Department was able to capture 25% of non-proprietary new sales market share for the fiscal year, compared to 18% a year earlier. We are confident that our improved relative performance and increased market share should position us well when market sentiment shifts and investors gain more confidence.

4

L E T T E R TO S TOC KH O L DE RS

OUR GLOBAL FOOTPRINT

While no one is immune to the volatility in the market, we believe the diversification of our business by brand, client type, investment objective and geographic region will continue to position our company for future growth. In recognition of the increasingly sophisticated needs of our global client base, we restructured our distribution capabilities into a unified global organization. Global Advisory Services includes the sales and marketing teams for both our advisor-sold and institutional businesses. We continue to win significant mandates from supranational pensions and sovereign funds, and we recently announced the creation of a dedicated group, based in our London office, to focus on the specialized needs of this important and growing market. Fiduciary Trust continues to see strong demand from clients with complex wealth management needs, both from an investment management and an estate planning perspective. Fiscal year 2008 was a record one for new business as individuals, families and foundations sought the stability of a firm capable of guiding them through uncertain times and keeping their assets safe. The company received approval to establish local asset management companies in Mexico and Malaysia. We also acquired a 49% stake in Vietcombank Fund Management, a Vietnamese investment management company, and subsequently opened a representative office in Ho Chi Minh City. Our local investment management capabilities continue to generate interest from investors around the globe. In October 2008, we introduced a global growth SICAV fund that combines the insight and knowledge of our diverse team of local asset managers. We also introduced a SICAV fund that focuses on the Middle East North Africa region (MENA). In the U.S., we unveiled a fund focused on India--our first fund offering for U.S. investors to be subadvised by one of our local asset management teams. We continued to expand our locally domiciled product offerings in Australia, Brazil, India, Korea, Singapore and the UK with the introduction of fixed income and equity products tailored to meet local investor needs. For U.S. investors, we further diversified our offerings by adding an international bond fund, and as part of the expansion of Franklin Global Advisers, we introduced a core-focused growth fund and an international growth fund. In Canada, we enhanced the diversification of the Quotential® portfolios by launching four new funds across various asset classes. Quotential is a managed solution, offering multi-level diversification across asset class, market capitalization, geography and investment styles. Despite market volatility, Quotential was the best-selling fund-of-funds solution among advisor-sold firms last year. And in June, we established a dedicated alternative investment platform for our specialized investment groups to provide additional focus on these important asset classes. The group includes local asset management, real estate, fund of funds and Darby's private equity capabilities.

5

L E T T E R TO S TOC KH O L DE RS

COST MANAGEMENT & FINANCIAL STRENGTH

Throughout the past year, we took steps to manage our business and cost structure to respond to the accelerated volatility in the markets. In February, we reviewed our expenses and began implementing strategic cost-cutting initiatives. Our approach has been measured and deliberate, avoiding acrossthe-board, top-down reductions. The savings resulting from these actions should be realized in the future. It is important to note that about 40% of the decline in AUM for the fiscal year occurred in September. Given the near-term outlook, we will continue our cost-reduction efforts. Our emphasis is on identifying savings while maintaining our high standards for investment performance and customer service. A strong balance sheet has always been a pillar of our financial management strategy. Our continued long-term focus and cost-reduction actions have enabled us to maintain a substantial pool of cash and cash equivalents, including other current investments of $3.4 billion, plus low long-term debt levels of $156.4 million as of September 30, 2008. We are in the advantageous position of not having to rely on the credit markets to meet our operating needs. In October 2008, Standard & Poor's® Rating Services3 raised the rankings of Franklin Resources, Inc.'s long- and short-term debt to AA- and A-1+ from A+ and A-1, respectively.
OUR MOST IMPORTANT ASSET

Our successes, particularly during this time, would not be possible without the talented individuals around the world who make up the Franklin Templeton family. I am extremely proud of how everyone approached the challenges of the year with determined persistence and a spirit of cooperation. Our organization has been through challenging times before, and I am confident that we have the talent, discipline and foresight to continue our long-term success, while helping investors achieve their financial goals. In summary, we continue to benefit from our diversified product offerings, our relative investment performance has been improving, and we will continue our conservative management practices, all of which, we believe, position us well for success when markets improve and investor confidence returns. Thank you for your continued confidence and support. Sincerely,

Gregory E. Johnson
President and Chief Executive Officer Franklin Resources, Inc.

1. Franklin Templeton Investment Funds ("FTIF") is a Luxembourg-domiciled undertaking for collective investment in transferable securities, set up as a SICAV (Société d'Investissement à Capital Variable) and registered in 35 countries for public distribution and three countries for distribution to qualified investors. FTIF had 64 sub-funds with seven different types of share classes as of 9/30/08. 2. Source: Lipper Inc., 9/30/08. Of the eligible Franklin Templeton non-money market fixed income mutual funds tracked by Lipper, 10, 18, 27 and 26 funds ranked in the top quartile and 15, 20, 14 and 11 funds ranked in the second quartile for the one-, three-, five- and 10-year periods, respectively, for their respective Lipper peer groups. Lipper figures do not include sales charges or expense subsidization by the manager. Results may have been different if these or other factors had been considered. Past performance does not guarantee future results. 3. Standard & Poor's press release, 10/6/08;"Standard & Poor's®," "S&P®," "S&P 500®," "Standard & Poor's 500"and "500"are trademarks of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc.

6

