President and Chief Executive Officer
Gregory E. Johnson

Dear Fellow Stockholders,
We are pleased to report the company's annual results for fiscal year 2010, one of the most successful years in our firm's history. Our accomplishments reflect the collective efforts of our nearly 8,000 employees around the world. As the global financial system emerges from one of the most extraordinary periods in its history, Franklin Templeton Investments once again benefited from the experience and perspective gained throughout our 60-plus years in the investment management business. Most importantly, we continued to deliver strong investment performance, while adhering to our belief that shareholders come first. With the breadth of our investment solutions, our extensive research capabilities and the depth of our global presence, we remain well positioned to capitalize on key global trends that will shape our industry's future. The retirement aspirations of aging populations in advanced economies, combined with the growing middle class in emerging economies, continues to create significant opportunities. Recent events have also triggered important shifts in investor behavior toward investment risk, which plays well to our strengths with our time-tested, disciplined approach to investment management. Reflecting on the accomplishments of the past year, sales growth led to record net new flows of $70 billion, including three of our best quarters ever in terms of net new flows. When combined with strong investment performance and the significant rebound of global financial

2

LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS

markets, our assets under management (AUM) approached an all-time high. Franklin Templeton's AUM rose to $645 billion on September 30, 2010, compared to $523 billion a year earlier. Diluted earnings per share for the year ended September 30, 2010, improved 64% to $6.33 from $3.85 in the previous year. Although the global economic recovery remains uneven and we continue to experience some headwinds, I am proud to say that Franklin Templeton has emerged from the downturn stronger than ever and remains well positioned for continued success.
Unwavering Focus on Investment Excellence

"Most importantly,
we continued to deliver strong investment performance, while adhering to our belief that shareholders come first." Assets Under Management (AUM) in USD Billions

$646 60

$645 43

$511 59

$507 52

$523 47

Striving for exemplary, long-term, risk-adjusted performance for our shareholders and clients is our primary focus, and one of our greatest strengths. For the second consecutive year, Franklin Templeton ranked number one among fund families for its funds' 10-year performance in Barron's annual review of U.S.-registered mutual fund families.1 Keeping with our focus on long-term performance, at fiscal year-end, 86% of Franklin Templeton's U.S.-registered, long-term mutual fund assets were in funds ranked in the top two quartiles of their respective Lipper peer groups in total return for the three-year period, 88% for the five-year period and 90% for the 10-year period (based on Class A shares).2

39

33 21 22 28

18 18 19 19

17

1% '06 '07

1% '08

1% '09

1% '10

1%

Equity Fixed Income Hybrid Cash Management

3

LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS

"We continue to return
capital to stockholders through share repurchases and dividends, returning over $1.5 billion to shareholders during the fiscal year."

Our independent and distinct investment management groups allow investors to build diverse portfolios covering every major asset class, while offering timetested expertise. Today, we have more than 500 investment professionals, an all-time high for the organization, and our average portfolio manager tenure is approximately 10 years, more than double that of the industry average.3 Recently, investors have focused on fixed income, and Templeton Global Bond Fund has remained the topselling fund for the company both internationally and in the U.S. Throughout the year, we continued to augment the resources of the global fixed income team with key hires, including a director of research for the international bond department. While Franklin Templeton benefits from investors' interest in fixed income, the long-term relative investment performance of our equity lineup positions us well to capture new sales when global investors shift their preferences toward equities. We believe long-term prospects for equity investors remain strong, and the market volatility we have been experiencing creates investment opportunities. Seeking to expand clients' time horizons past the short term, we launched our current campaign-- "2020 Vision: The Case for Equities in the Decade Ahead." The campaign has resonated with financial advisors and fund shareholders, and the concept is now being successfully adapted and rolled out in many international markets such as Germany and the UK.

Even during the financial downturn, Franklin Templeton remained committed to strengthening our investment teams. We made a conscious effort to expand our team of institutional portfolio managers and senior product managers to support sales, marketing and client service. By doing so, our investment professionals can maintain their focus on research and managing their portfolios. Investment risk management remains top of mind for financial advisors, shareholders, institutions and their clients. Integrated with our wellestablished investment philosophies is a disciplined and comprehensive approach to investment risk management. In response to new challenges in recent years, we have proactively added to the risk management resources that support our portfolio managers to further enhance their ability to make fully informed investment decisions.
Global Perspective with Local Expertise

Key macroeconomic developments will shape our future. Favorable global trends such as the growing middle class, open architecture, pension reform and the importance of retirement planning all translate into growth opportunities for well-positioned asset managers. In the United States, retail net new flows during fiscal year 2010 were the highest in the firm's history. These strong results translated into meaningful market share gains. Franklin Templeton's AUM in the U.S. increased from an 11.4% share at the beginning of the fiscal year to 12.4% by year-end.4

4

LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS

AUM by Region
United States Europe Canada Asia-Pacific 70% 14% 11% 5%

AUM by Client Type
Retail 71% 2%

.......

................

.............. .........

Institutional . . . . . . . . . 27% High Net Worth
.....

..............

International markets have been a key part of our growth story. During fiscal year 2010, almost half of the firm's long-term sales originated outside the United States, and we currently have investors in more than 150 countries. As sales momentum continues to increase in many countries, we are building on our leadership position internationally. We now have 24 countries and regions with over $1 billion in AUM. We continue to actively pursue institutional opportunities. In September, Franklin Templeton was appointed investment manager and administrator of the $4.6 billion Fondul Proprietatea Fund. Launched in December 2005, the fund was established to compensate Romanians whose properties were confiscated by the former communist government. To better support this effort, the company established an office in Bucharest, with a team of 21 employees.

With over 1,600 high net-worth and institutional relationships, Fiduciary Trust experienced a third consecutive year of record sales. In October 2010, it celebrated its 10th anniversary as a part of the Franklin Templeton organization.
Valued Partner

"We continue to be optimistic
about the future of our industry and our firm, and believe more strongly than ever in the value of active investment management."

Being a valued partner has been a hallmark of our success as a firm since our founding in 1947. As an organization, we understand that we must continually earn our clients' trust by working with the highest level of integrity and delivering quality results. Our long-standing commitment to financial professionals is grounded in our belief in the value of investment advice. Currently, we work with over 130,000 financial advisors in the U.S. and have over 70,000 financial representative relationships internationally. As our client base has expanded, leveraging technology has enabled us to effectively broaden and deepen the services we provide. As part of this focus, we redesigned five of our global websites with an updated look and

5

LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS

Direct Reports to the Chief Executive Officer

Image above, left to right:
Kenneth A. Lewis
Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer

Donald F. Reed
President and Chief Executive Officer Franklin Templeton Investments Corp. (Canada)

Craig S. Tyle
Executive Vice President General Counsel

Gregory E. Johnson
Chief Executive Officer President

enhanced user experience. We now offer interactive online presentations, portfolio manager webcasts, and a first-of-its-kind emerging markets blog authored by Templeton's Dr. Mark Mobius. Our corporate website, franklinresources.com, was launched in July to provide visitors with a centralized place to learn more about the company and to access corporate information. In Canada, DALBAR, a customer service rating group, ranked Franklin Templeton number one for customer service among advisor-distributed firms for the second consecutive year. In the U.S., our call centers achieved National Quality Review's 5-Star performance rating for superior call center service quality.

Financial Strength & Stability

Fiscal responsibility is a deeply ingrained value for our company. Our financial strength and stability allow us to maintain a long-term perspective, being both strategic and opportunistic in our decision making. Recent events have reminded us that markets continue to be volatile and reinforce our conservative and deliberate approach to cost and capital management. We continue to return capital to stockholders through share repurchases and dividends, returning over $1.5 billion to shareholders during the fiscal year. Franklin Resources' board of directors announced a $3.00 per share special cash dividend in December 2009, and also increased the regular cash dividend by 5%, making fiscal year 2010 the 29th consecutive year of dividend increases. In addition, the company repurchased 6.6 million shares during the fiscal year. Evidence of the company's financial strength is its strong balance sheet. At September 30, 2010, the company had $6.8 billion in cash, cash equivalents and investments.

Jennifer M. Johnson
Executive Vice President Chief Operating Officer

John M. Lusk
Executive Vice President Investment Management

William Y. Yun
Executive Vice President Alternative Strategies

Vijay C. Advani
Executive Vice President Global Advisory Services

6

LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS

Taking advantage of the current market climate and the company's strong financial track record, in May, Franklin Resources issued a series of debt offerings raising $900 million at a weighted-average coupon rate of 3.3%.
Forward-Thinking

The investment management industry is rapidly evolving, and as we look forward, we will continue to build on our strengths while pursuing new growth opportunities. "Solutions" products are gaining momentum in our industry. These products aim to achieve a certain outcome, such as meeting an investor's defined risk profile or retirement time frame. As investors increasingly demand more customized offerings, our Franklin Templeton Multi-Asset Strategies investment team is poised to offer a broad range of portfolio choices to address their needs. The prospects for "alternative" investment strategies are also exciting, as they offer an important complement to traditional asset classes, and we continue to focus efforts on growing

our presence in this space. Pension funds remain one of the largest investors in alternative investments, but there are signs that individual investors are increasingly looking for access to this asset class. We will continue to build our investment capabilities in this area to offer clients increased portfolio diversification.
Values-Based Culture

Posted in our offices worldwide are Franklin Templeton's corporate values: Put clients first, build relationships, achieve quality results and work with integrity. These principles guide our daily work in a highly competitive industry. Rooted in these values is the importance we place on being a good corporate citizen. We uphold the highest standards of governance and act responsibly, not only in how we manage our clients' investments, but also in how we value our employees, support our communities and limit our impact on the environment. Our corporate citizenship efforts are explained in more detail later in this annual report. Our success as a firm is a direct result of the efforts of our employees. It is their hard work and persistence that have helped navigate the firm through an uneven economic recovery.

We continue to be optimistic about the future of our industry and our firm, and believe more strongly than ever in the value of active investment management. With our long-term investment performance remaining strong, and global trends illustrating the potential for future growth, Franklin Templeton continues to build momentum that will benefit the company for years to come. Thank you for your support and for placing your confidence in us. Sincerely,

Gregory E. Johnson
President and Chief Executive Officer Franklin Resources, Inc.

1. Barron's "The New Champs," February 1, 2010. For the one- and five-year periods ended 12/31/09, Franklin Templeton ranked 17 out of 61 and 5 out of 54 fund families, respectively. Barron's did not include sales charges in calculating returns. Each fund's return was measured against those of all funds in its Lipper category, resulting in a percentile ranking which was then weighted by asset size, relative to the fund family's other assets in its general classification. To qualify for Lipper/Barron's Fund Survey, a group must have had at least three funds in Lipper's general U.S.-stock category, as well as one in the world equity, which combines global and international funds. The survey also requires at least one mixed-equity fund, which holds stocks and bonds. Fund shops also must have at least two taxable-bond funds and one tax-exempt offering. Past performance cannot predict or guarantee future results. 2. Source: Lipper® Inc. September 30, 2010. Lipper rankings do not include sales charges. Franklin Templeton funds are compared against a universe of all share classes. Past performance cannot predict or guarantee future results. 3. Source: Morningstar®, includes U.S. and offshore mutual funds. 4. Source: Investment Company Institute, includes U.S.-registered non-proprietary long-term open-end funds.

Investors should carefully consider a fund's investment goals, risks, charges and expenses before investing. To obtain a summary prospectus and/or prospectus, which contains this and other information, for any U.S.-registered Franklin Templeton fund, investors should talk to their financial advisors or call Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc. at (800) DIAL BEN® / 342-5236. Please read the prospectus carefully before investing.
7

