LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS

Dear Fellow Stockholders, In the coming year, we will mark the 60th anniversary of the organization known today as Franklin Resources, Inc. We have grown from a handful of dedicated employees in a small office at 64 Wall Street to a global provider of investment management solutions. Clearly, we are a different organization today, but our core values remain the same. Just as those original employees strove to put clients first and build enduring relationships, our current employees embrace these same essential values. As an organization, we understand that we must continually earn our clients' trust by working with the highest level of integrity and delivering quality results. Fiscal year-end results were strong in 2006 I am pleased to share with you this annual report for the company. Diluted earnings per share for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2006, grew 20%, to $4.86 from $4.06 in the previous year. Market appreciation and net sales (gross sales over redemptions) increased our assets under management by $61.4 billion during the fiscal year, helping us reach $511.3 billion as of September 30, 2006. These strong results came during a year that witnessed continued market volatility. Inflation concerns, rising oil prices and ongoing conflict in the Middle East all contributed to investor anxiety. Our broad array of investment solutions, designed to offer choices for many different market conditions, allowed financial professionals to turn to us for a variety of investment options suited to the personal needs of their clients. At fiscal year-end, 59% of assets under management was in equity, 22% was in fixed income, 18% was in hybrid funds and the remainder was in money market funds. This diversification helps us serve investors' needs. In addition to our range of investment choices, our diversification by geography and distribution channel provides multiple access points for investors around the world. We currently have offices in 29 countries and clients in approximately 150 countries; we invest in 85 countries through our sponsored investment products. As longtime global investors, we had an early presence in many countries. For instance, our offices in Canada, the UK, Hong Kong and Singapore started out as small research offices and grew over time to become significant hubs for our distribution activities. Today we are seeing a similar kind of development in emerging markets.

5

L E T T E R TO S TOC KH O L DE RS

For example, in 2006, Franklin Templeton Investments opened offices in Vienna and Mexico City, and announced the signing of our first subadvisory agreement in the Mexican market. We opened an office in São Paulo, Brazil, in connection with our Darby group. We also assumed 100% ownership of our joint venture management company in Brazil. Furthermore, we continued expanding our distribution reach into the eastern Mediterranean and the Persian Gulf nations, as well as in Central and Eastern Europe. As our investment management and distribution activities have become more global in nature, our service model has evolved as well. Our transfer agent continues working toward a truly global systems strategy. In a significant milestone this year, we established the foundation for an internal technology platform to minimize the number of systems required to share information across service functions, account for acquisitions of future systems and reduce overall costs. Investment teams delivered quality and consistency over the long term In a year when market pressures were at times intense, the seasoned professionals in our investment management groups remained focused on their investment objectives and the delivery of consistent long-term results. At fiscal year-end, 81% of our U.S. long-term mutual fund assets was in funds ranked in the top two quartiles of their respective Lipper peer groups for the 1-year period, 86% for the 3-year period, 87% for the 5-year period and 93% for the 10-year period (oldest share classes only).1 One highlight was the performance of the Mutual Series funds, which led to increased investor awareness around the globe. In the U.S. alone, net sales into Mutual Series funds for fiscal year 2006 increased 137% compared to the prior year. By the end of this fiscal year, the group that runs these funds was managing $58.9 billion in assets worldwide, which represents a 31% increase since September 30, 2005. Investment processes continued to evolve To help our investment teams produce high quality results, we continued to refine our processes and tools. Although risk management has always been an important element of our investment processes, in 2006 we introduced a team dedicated to portfolio risk management. The goal of this team is to provide portfolio managers with timely quantitative information about their investments in different countries, industries and securities, giving them a fuller understanding of risk and how it affects portfolio performance.

6

L E T T E R TO S TOC KH O L DE RS

We also implemented a comprehensive software suite that streamlines the investment management process and provides enhanced functionality for portfolio management, trading and compliance teams. It can also serve as an information hub, connecting internal departments to accounting systems, external liquidity sources and counterparties to minimize errors and increase operational efficiencies. To better leverage our global expertise, we formed the Franklin Templeton Fixed Income Group to integrate the fixed income teams of Franklin Advisers, Inc. and Fiduciary Trust Company International. The combined global platform should enhance our investment processes in this arena. New investment solutions met investors' evolving needs While we continued to produce steady, competitive results in many of our existing funds, we also developed new investment solutions to meet investors' evolving needs. Franklin Templeton Investments introduced a series of four retirement target funds that offer asset allocation strategies based on investors' anticipated retirement dates. We believe this investment solution will be especially attractive as an option for the Rollover IRA market. Templeton BRIC Fund is the first U.S.-based fund to offer investors dedicated access to the emerging market economies of Brazil, Russia, India and China. The fund and its offshore versions are an international success story, with strong sales in the Americas, Europe and Asia. Overall BRIC fund assets totaled more than $1 billion as of the fiscal year-end. A new fund offer (NFO) in India for Templeton India Equity Income Fund was also successful, helping increase the number of shareholder accounts in India to more than 1.9 million. It was our largest NFO to date in India, and our product was the first to capitalize on changing government regulations that raised the investment limit for mutual funds invested in overseas stocks. In addition, we introduced several new SICAV2 funds and launched Templeton Global Income Fund and a corporate class version of Franklin Templeton U.S. Rising Dividends Fund for Canadian retail investors. Many of our institutional strategies were successful as well. In Australia, for instance, where we have a long history of providing global private equity real estate, we offered Fiduciary International Real Estate Fund 2. Our expertise in global private equity real estate positions us to capitalize on growing interest in this asset class around the world.

7

L E T T E R TO S TOC KH O L DE RS

In July, together with a local Korean bank, we established a joint venture to manage Korea Emerging Infrastructure Fund for institutional investors. This fund, one of the largest Korean infrastructure funds, further builds on the investment activities of our Darby group and reinforces Franklin Templeton Investments' expertise as a leader in private equity within emerging markets. Locally focused teams won mandates Because we know local markets have unique needs, we continued to develop our local asset management capabilities. Local asset management teams are dedicated to investing in fixed income and equity markets in specific countries on behalf of their citizens. In the spirit of "thinking globally, acting locally," we enhanced existing and developed new capabilities in this arena, with operations in Korea, India, Brazil and recently, Japan. In Japan, for instance, we continued to build our reputation as an investment manager of choice. We successfully offered investment solutions for local clients and were also able to leverage our expertise in Japanese equities to provide investment solutions for clients a world away, thanks to the strength of Franklin Templeton Investments' global distribution network. In 2006, European investors, especially in Italy, France, Germany and Luxembourg, showed increased interest in our Japan Equity Fund. We continued to build out our efforts in other areas of Asia, with some exciting changes in China. Franklin Templeton Sealand Fund Management Co., Ltd., our joint venture in China, was formed in 2003 to serve the needs of local investors. In 2006, the company appointed a new CEO who has been charged with continuing to plant the seeds in what we believe to be a very promising long-term market opportunity. As the choices for investing increase in China, its citizens are beginning to understand the benefits of mutual funds. Talented people made the difference Our success hinges on the persistence and dedication of talented people around the world--nearly 8,000 employees in 29 countries. Whenever I visit any of our global offices, from Hong Kong to Toronto, Frankfurt to Short Hills, I am impressed not only by the great work employees are doing, but also by the way they continue to support the core values of this firm.

8

L E T T E R TO S TOC KH O L DE RS

As you read our annual report, you will have an opportunity to meet some of our talented people. This group helps bring our investment expertise to investors in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa and the Asia-Pacific region, and their efforts are a good indication that the principles on which our organization was founded do indeed travel well. It is an honor to work with such a strong team, and we believe you will be interested in their perspectives on how the firm is expanding its global reach. We are pleased to be entering 2007 in a strong financial position and excited about the opportunities for growth. Over the course of the coming year, our aim will be to continue positioning Franklin Templeton Investments as a global investment management organization of choice.

Thank you for your confidence and support. Sincerely,

Gregory E. Johnson
President and Chief Executive Officer Franklin Resources, Inc.

At the printing of this annual report, we received the sad news that an important member of the Franklin Templeton Investments family had passed away. Harmon Burns joined us in 1973 and wore many hats over the years as the company continued to grow. Harmon was to me a teacher, colleague, mentor and friend. Any success of ours is due in part to his contributions. We will miss him greatly.

1. Source: Lipper® Inc., 9/30/06. Of the eligible Franklin Templeton U.S. long-term mutual funds tracked by Lipper, 33, 47, 49 and 40 funds ranked in the top quartile and 41, 25, 24 and 20 funds ranked in the second quartile, for the 1-, 3-, 5- and 10-year periods, respectively, for their respective Lipper peer groups. Lipper figures do not include sales charges or expense subsidization by the manager. Results may have been different if these or other factors had been considered. Past performance does not guarantee future results. 2. Franklin Templeton Investments' foreign-sold SICAV (Société d'investissement à capital variable) line, Franklin Templeton Investment Funds, is domiciled in Luxembourg and is registered in 30 countries for public distribution and in 3 countries for qualified investors. It is a collection of 52 funds with 6 different types of share classes that have common administration and inter-fund exchange privileges.

9

