Letter to Stockholders

Dear Fellow Stockholders, This is my first letter as chief executive officer, and I am pleased to share with you our company's annual results as of September 30, 2005. Diluted earnings per share grew 48%, to $4.06 from $2.75 in the previous year. Market appreciation and net sales (gross sales over redemptions) increased our assets under management by $93.6 billion, helping us reach $453.1 billion. Our financial position continued to be strong as well, allowing us to pay a special $2.00 per share cash dividend over the regular dividend of $0.40. As you know, investment management revenues are closely linked to the state of global markets. In the past year, Franklin Templeton has benefited from strong performance of international equity and fixed income securities, but we know from experience that market volatility is a fact of life in this industry. Therefore, we are positioned to respond quickly to shifting markets or downturns, with an eye toward delivering consistent, long-term results.

Supporting portfolio management excellence Investment management is the core of our business. We are fortunate to have skilled teams of investment professionals and we remain committed to supporting them with the tools and information they need to achieve superior results. Our managers have access to sophisticated models for analyzing portfolio risk and performing risk attribution, and a team is in place that partners with portfolio managers to interpret and apply data from these models. In addition, a research portal is being developed that allows some of our distinct investment groups to easily access information about nonproprietary issues such as macroeconomic data and industry overviews. Several successful joint research forums have also brought teams from around the world together to share best practices.

5

L E T T E R T O S T O C K H O L D E RS

At fiscal year-end, over 70% of our U.S. long-term mutual fund assets were in funds ranked in the top two quartiles of their respective Lipper peer groups for the 1-, 3-, 5- and 10-year periods (oldest share classes only).1 Outside the U.S., our funds were recognized by a number of groups this year. For example, FINANZtest, a German publication, named Franklin Templeton the best investment company in Germany out of 32 fund management companies, based on fund performance and transparency of fund information. Canada's MoneySense magazine named us "Best Fund Family" for the second year in a row. Franklin Templeton India was awarded the 2005 Mutual Fund of the Year Award by the CNBC-TV 18-CRISIL Mutual Fund Awards.

Successful service efforts supported by technology Ensuring client satisfaction drives everything we do at Franklin Templeton. Behind the scenes, we strive to make that happen by using technology to support an integrated service platform. This year, we concentrated on continuing to develop a comprehensive data warehouse, common servicing tools for functions such as imaging and case management, and a central repository for client information across regions and investment solutions. This initiative is a great example of collaboration among servicing and technology support teams to leverage expertise around the globe and implement common solutions and tools, while maximizing the use of development dollars. The positive third-party recognition we have received in the past year attests to the success of our efforts to provide excellent service. In a quarterly survey of shareholder satisfaction conducted by National Quality Review, 96% of our customers said they would recommend Franklin Templeton Investments to others. Deutschen Fondspreis, a German fund professional magazine, rated Franklin Templeton Investments #1 in service quality for the fourth consecutive year. DALBAR and Kasina both recognized our U.S. website, franklintempleton.com, for excellence in customer satisfaction and service quality among financial advisor and shareholder sites. Kasina also included our Canadian advisor website, franklintempleton.ca, among the top five in that country.

6

L E T T E R T O S T O C K H O L D E RS

Expansion across global distribution channels Investors access our investment expertise through a variety of channels across the globe-- retail, institutional and high net-worth. Investments in U.S. mutual funds represent approximately 60% of our assets under management. We have continued to work toward gaining market share in core/large-cap equities. As part of that effort, we launched the U.S. Domestic Equity Campaign. A global equity campaign centered around the 50th anniversary of Templeton Growth Fund was successful, as well. To provide additional resources for our value-style equity products, the Franklin Value Group was created as an organizational umbrella for Franklin and Mutual Series value mutual funds. The group, led by Bill Lippman and Peter Langerman, manages over $50 billion. We also introduced new income funds for U.S. investors, including Franklin Real Return Fund and Franklin Low Duration Total Return Fund. The recently launched Templeton Income Fund is another example of collaboration, this time between our Templeton Equity and Franklin Fixed Income groups, led by Jeff Everett and Chris Molumphy, respectively. With international investors showing an increased interest in mutual funds, our total assets under management outside the U.S. exceeded $120 billion as of September 30, 2005. Success in international markets was a highlight for us this year. Our local asset management expertise, particularly in Korea and India, played a key role. Outside the United States, a number of new funds were introduced, including the Franklin India Flexi Cap Fund, which invests in Indian stocks across the entire market capitalization range. Two new offshore funds were also rolled out: Templeton Global Income Fund and Templeton Global Equity Income Fund. In addition, we began subadvising the Hong Kongdomiciled Franklin Templeton MPF Japan Fund, the only fund with a Japan mandate managed by a local investment team in Japan. In Poland, SICAV2 funds were registered for sale.

7

L E T T E R T O S T O C K H O L D E RS

On the institutional front, Franklin Templeton continued to focus on investment quality and exploring new investment approaches that meet the needs of our clients. We also enhanced our product management structure and formed a new global consultant relations group that will leverage existing sales, service, marketing, administrative and investment teams to better serve the needs of investment consultants worldwide. Significant opportunities exist for our institutional teams in Europe, Asia and the Middle East. Darby Overseas, our team specializing in emerging markets private equity and mezzanine finance, continued to make progress in its Latin American funds and expanded its expertise to Asian and central European funds. In the high net-worth arena, Fiduciary Trust continued to offer an array of tailored investment solutions, trust and tax services, and master custody capabilities.

Values-based culture puts clients first Clearly, our success would not be possible without the diligence of talented employees around the world, from San Mateo to São Paolo to Singapore. We strive to provide all employees with new challenges in a performance-driven, values-based culture where they can take advantage of a wide variety of opportunities within our global business. The company's culture is also characterized by a firm commitment to protecting the best interests of our fund shareholders, and we recognize the importance of maintaining rigorous compliance standards. Ongoing efforts in this area continue to strengthen the organization. Our organization is led by a strong senior management team and we are continuing to deepen our bench of leaders. For example, Craig Tyle joined the company as general counsel in August. Formerly general counsel for the Investment Company Institute from 1997 through 2004, he has a clear understanding of the issues facing the mutual fund industry. We are confident that Franklin Templeton will benefit from his knowledge and abilities.

8

L E T T E R T O S T O C K H O L D E RS

We are also proud of our leaders in the investment management area. In the pages that follow this letter, you will meet some of them. It is an honor to work with this experienced and talented group of people, and we believe you will be interested in hearing directly from them about how they make investment decisions. We are pleased to be entering fiscal year 2006 in a strong financial position. Over the course of the coming year, we will continue positioning Franklin Templeton as a global asset management organization of choice worldwide. Thank you for your ongoing support. Sincerely,

Gregory E. Johnson President and Chief Executive Officer

1. Source: Lipper® Inc., 9/30/05. Of the eligible Franklin Templeton long-term mutual funds tracked by Lipper, 41, 46, 52 and 41 funds ranked in the top quartile and 23, 16, 17 and 17 funds ranked in the second quartile, for the 1-, 3-, 5- and 10-year periods, respectively, for their respective Lipper peer groups. Lipper figures do not include sales charges or expense subsidization by the manager. Results may have been different if these or other factors had been considered. Past performance does not guarantee future results. 2. Franklin Templeton's foreign-sold SICAV (Société d'investissement à capital variable) line, Franklin Templeton Investment Funds, is domiciled in Luxembourg and is registered in 29 countries for public distribution and in 3 countries for qualified investors. It is a collection of 46 funds with 6 different types of share classes that have common administration and inter-fund exchange privileges.

9

