Letter to Stockholders








Dear Fellow Stockholders,

This year we celebrated the 60th anniversary of our company. We have come a long way since 1947-growing from a fledgling mutual fund company to a global investment management organization-but it has not always been easy. This year was not without challenges. We weathered market volatility, as well as global credit market and inflation concerns. While these issues gave rise to investor anxiety and made markets difficult to navigate, we remained focused on delivering quality in vestment sol L1tions to  our clients.
I am pleased to share with you our financial  results for fiscal  year 2007 . Diluted earnings  per share as of September 30, 2007, grew 45 %, to $7.03 from $4.86 i.n the previous year. Market appreciation and record net sales (gross sales minus redemptions) increased our assets under management by
$141. 8 billion, helping us reach $645 .9 billion worldwide .

IN VESTM EN T QUALIT Y
We strive to provide our clients with consistent, long-term investment results . At fiscal year-end, 64 % of Franklin Templeton's U.S.- registered long-term mutual fond assets were in funds ranked in the top two quartiles of their respective Lipper peer groups in total return for the 1-year period, 68% for the 3-year period, 77% for the 5-year period and 92% for the 10-year period ( based on Class A shares only).1
This year a ls o marked the 30th anniversary of our Municipal Bond  Depart men t-  one of  the  nation's largest active municipal bond fund managers, with over $55 billion in mun ic ip al bond assets under management. Franklin Templeton currently offers  36  national  and  state-specific  tax­ free income funds, which are managed by 26 investment professionals. The group had  a  standout year with 100 % of its municipal bond fonds (Class A shares) ranked i.n the top  two quartiles of  their respective Lipper peer groups in total return for the 5- and 10-year periods. 2
Twenty years ago we launched Templeton Emerging Markets Fund, the first closed-end emerging markets fund listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Dr. Mark Mobius has managed the fund since inception and currently leads a team of emerging markets specialists responsible for more than $44 billion in assets under management .
 









ADAP TABILITY
In an effort to address changing market conditions and evolving investor needs, we introduced a number of investment solutions with.in the U.S., Canada, Eu.rope, Asia and other regions.
For example, in the U.S., we added three funds to the advisor-sold  lineup and launched the Founding Funds Investment Strategy  in our insurance line. In Canada  we introduced  three  fixed
income funds, while across Europe we continued to expand our local offerings through the introduction of new SICAV (Societe d'Investissement a Capital Variable )3 funds. We also registered SICAV funds for distribution in new locations  including Denmark, Greece and Poland,
and increased our SICAV funds-of-funds range . In Japan we initiated two global equity and core active funds. In India we introduced several new closed -end fixed income funds, and in Korea we launched internationally and domestically invested master funds.
Because investor recognition of income-oriented produces is growing, in 2007 we focused on increasing our fixed income market share. To that end, we combined several Fiduciary and Franklin groups to form a single investment team dedicated to this important asset class. As of September 30, 2007, our fixed income market share grew from 9 % to 11% for the 12-month period. Also during the past year, we expanded our equity capabilities in the U.S. and international growth areas by combining Fiduciary and Franklin teams to form Franklin Glo bal Advisers.

GLOBAL FOOT PRI NT
While we continue to increase our presence in the U.S., our global efforts are essential to future growth and success. Franklin' s first office outside of North America opened in 1986 in Taiwan, and today our investment management groups touch all parts of the globe. Our investors live in some 170 different countries and we have offices in 29 countries. More than 40% of our employees work outside the United States .
 









In 2007 Franklin Templeton In vestments and Chin a Life Group announced the formation of a strategic partnership in Hong Kong. The recent relaxation of foreign investment restrictions on Chinese banks and insurance companies is the latest step in a broad trend among government and corporate entities in Chi na and elsewhere in Asia toward searching for new investment opportunities worldwide. This joint venture with China Life is an outgrowth of that trend, leveraging our global investment expertise to manage China's growing pool of overseas assets.
Also in the past year, the com pan y acquired a 25 % stake in Algebra Capital, an asset management firm in the Middle East/ North Africa region. While we have worked with institutional clients in this region for many years, the acquisition has further established the Franklin Templeton Investments brand i_n the Middle East.
Local asset management teams dedicated to investing in fixed income and equity markets in specific countries on behalf of their citizens continued to  identify  opportunities i_n India, Brazil, China, Korea and Japan. The benefits of locally managed, single-count ry or regional portfolios are becoming increasingly compelling coinsticutional investors seeking growth of capital, which should bode well for this important part of our business.

WORLD-CLASS SERVICE
This past year- much like each year since this company began 60 years ago - we stayed true co
our roots and remained committed to providing the best possible service to our clients.

Franklin  Templeton  Investments  was  ranked  in  the  top   quartile  for  service   quality   among 100 German mutual fund distributors in a study by an external consultant publics hedin the German financial magazine, Capital. In Canada,  DALBAR,  a  customer  service  rating  group, ranked Franklin Templeton Investments No. 1 among advisor-distributed hrms for speed  of  delivery of 2006 animal statements. They also ranked the company's Engbsh and French call center services
o. 1 among advisor-distributed firms.
 









To continue providing world -class service to our cljents globally, Franklin  Templeton acquired  a 51 % share of Riva Financial Systems,  which  has developed  a  transfer  agency system for  a  cross­ border, multi-currency operation . We are excited a bout this partnership and what it means for  the company in terms of offer ing a flexible, porta ble and scalable solution across the many regions of the globe where our funds are sold and supported.
Furthermore, the first phase of our new campus in Hyderabad, India, was opened to serve principal.ly as a support center for operations and technology group s in Franklin Templeton's offices worldwide. When completed, the 380,000 square-foot facility will accommodate about 2,200 employees. As we grow our business globally, the Hyderabad campus represents a  key strategic initiative to  deploy our resources effectively and efficiently.
In 2007 we also expanded Franklin Templeton Academy®, a popular training program for financial advisors . First launched in Asia in early 2005 and then in Europe later that year, Franklin Templeton has now extended the program to cities in the U.S. and Latin America. As the first program of its kind to be offered globally by an investment management company, the academy offers a comprehensive curriculum designed to help financial advisors develop and enhance financial planning and business development skjlls.

TALENTED EMPLOYEES
Franklin Templeton's successes this year would not  have  been possible without our dedicated  and talented employees. It is worth noting here that in a  recent engagement  survey, we scored  above  the financial services benchmark, which indicates that  our  employees  are  committed  to  clients, each other and the company. Our global, people  -centric culture thrives  because of our  ability to collaborate wit h one another across geographic borders and business unit lines. We remain sensitive to individual differences while also sharing a common set of values.
Our executive team made it a point to meet with employees around the world  as  we  visited  our offices over the past year and we were consistently impressed with how our employees  conduct themselves. T heir dignified professionalism is consistent with our  core values,  and  if you  look at our company's history, it is a casebook for why values matter to business success .
 









o one person embodied our values more than Harmon Burns. Sadly, Harmon  passed away in November 2006 . He had been with the company since 1973 and over the years he shouldered enormous responsibilities as the business continued to grow. In 1991, Hannon was elected to  our boa.rd of directors, and most recently he served as vice chairman of Franklin Resources, Lie. As much for his business acumen, Harmon is additionally remembered as a key contributor to the corporate culture we enjoy today. He always led by example and treated everyone  with  respect. Harmon was also known for his charitable nature, and in his honor we have created the annual Harmon E. Burns
Award to recognize exceptional commitment by an employee to his or her community.

In the pages that follow this letter you will have an opportunity to learn about Franklin Templeton' s history and some of the people who have helped shape it.
Thank you for your continued support.



Sincerely,


Gregory E. Johnson
President and Chief Executive Officer Franklin Resources, Inc.

I. Source: Lip per Inc., 9 /30/07. Of the eligible Frank li n Templeton U.S.-register ed long-term mutual funds tracked by Lipper, 54, 47, 47 and 48 funds ranked in the top quartile an d 26, 20, 18 an d 16 funds ranked in the second quartile, for the 1 -, 3-, 5- and 10-year
periods, respectively, for their respective Lipper peer groups. Lipper figures do  not include sales  charges or expense subsidization  by  the manage r. Result s may have been different  if these  or other  factors had been considered. Past  performance  does  not guarantee future results.
2.	Sour ce: Lipper Inc., 9/30/07. Of the eligible Franklin Templeton no1H noney marker mx-free fixed income mutual funds tracked by Lipper, 27 , 29, 31 and 31  fund s ranked  in the  top  quartil e and 8, 5,  2 and  2 fund s ranked in the second  quartile, for the 1-, 3-, 5- and I 0-year periods, respectively, for their respective Lipper peer groups. Lipper figures do nor include sales charges o r expense subsidization by the manager. Results may have been different if these or other factors had been considered.  Past  performance does  no t guarantee future results.
3.	Franklin Templeton's foreign-sold SICAV {Sociere d'lnvest issement a Capital Va ria ble) line, Frankli n Templeton Invesrrnenr Funds,
IS  donuciled in Luxem bourg and is registered m 34 cmmtries for public distribution and in 3 countries for qualified investors. It is a
collectio n o / 60 sub-funds wit h 7 different types of share classes that ha ve comm on administratio n and i,,r e r-fund exchange privileges.
