LETTER FROM the ChAiRMAN and ChiEF ExECUTivE OFFiCER
 PAUL C. vARgA
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
TO OUR sTAkEhOLdERs: Our fiscal 2009 was one of the most challenging years in some time.We, along with virtually every other company across the globe, dealt with the impact of a severe global recession. despite the difficulty of the environ- ment, we were pleased with our fiscal 2009 underlying results.
FisCAL 2009 PERFORMANCE. There is a full discussion of our annual results beginning on page 19 of this report; i encourage you to spend some time with the numbers and our commentary. We believe they will help you understand how we manage our business and measure our progress, as we take you behind the summary reported numbers presented on the inside cover.
After reviewing the fiscal year’s underlying results, one thing stood out to me most – Brown-Forman remains a very healthy company. in an environment where good health could not be taken for granted, Brown-Forman posted 3% underlying sales growth, achieved 4% underlying operating income growth, generated operating cash flow of $491 million, and produced a return on invested capital of nearly 16%. We accomplished these results with a very acceptable level of capital risk and debt. We believe our underlying growth rate continues to be in the top tier of major wine and spirits companies. All of this helped Brown-Forman’s total shareholder return outperform the s&P 500 by over 20 percentage points during our fiscal 2009.
While we are pleased with this year’s results, we certainly did not escape the effects of the world’s economic woes. Reported results were strongly and negatively affected by the strengthen- ing of the U.s. dollar during the year. Additionally, our company’s underlying operating income growth rate of 4% was lower than each of the last several fiscal years, primarily due to a combina- tion of slowing consumer demand in the on-premise channel and a cautious retail environment that reduced levels of inventories. given the less receptive environment, we invested more cautiously
behind our brands and business.We reallocated our resources to best balance our desire for near-term growth without compromis- ing our longer-term brand and market development ambitions.
As the environment weakened in the latter half of our fis- cal year, and to help us prepare for continued uncertainty ahead, we made the very difficult decision to decrease our employee headcount by 8% through the combination of an early retire- ment program and a reduction in our workforce. Of all the difficult short-term/long-term trade-offs we have considered in the last several years, this was among the most difficult. Everyone at our company today remains immensely appreciative of the ser- vice and contributions made by our colleagues and friends who were part of the past year’s workforce reduction.
i am proud of our organization and the results we pro- duced in such a challenging environment. By demonstrating an adaptive capacity and the ability to diagnose problems and prioritize spending, we were able to produce high-quality results in tough conditions.
LONgER-TERM PERFORMANCE. While we were naturally focused on competing effectively in fiscal 2009, we also took the time to reflect on our company’s position by looking both backward and forward in time. After all, these past 12 months were just one year in the extensive and continuing success story that is Brown-Forman.
it would be easy to assume that the intent of a longer-term historical review is to make our financial performance look more impressive because of the world’s more recent difficulties. it does
BROWN-FORMAN ANNUAL REPORT 2009 | PAgE 1

$800
$600
$400
$200
$0
PROHIBITION 1920 – 1933
KOREAN WAR 1951 – 1953
1950 1960
STAGFLATION 1971
1980
FINANCIAL CRISIS 2008
1990 2000
leTTer FrOm the ChAirmAN and ChieF exeCuTive OFFiCer
Brown-Forman Operating Income (in millions, from continuing operations)
           GREAT DEPRESSION 1929 – 1939
 VIETNAM WAR 1965 – 1975
  OIL EMBARGO BLACK MONDAY STOCK 1973 MARKET CRASH 1987
  WORLD WAR II CUBAN MISSILE 1941 – 1945 CRISIS 1962
          1930 1940
1970
2009
hiSTOrY of grOWTh in TurBuleNT TimeS
Through 139 years, including 75 years as a public company, Brown-Forman has weathered turbulent times before ... from Prohibition and the Great Depression through other economic downturns, wars, and social upheavals. In every instance, we have prevailed and prospered ... with tenacity, determination, and a long-term outlook ...
by capitalizing on our experience, leveraging our assets, and seizing opportunities. Drawing on these attributes,
we are confident that we can overcome today’s challenges and continue to deliver shareholder value.
have that effect, but as i just mentioned, our fiscal 2009 underlying results were strong compared to our key benchmarks.The benefit of taking a longer view is to focus on what matters most to Brown- Forman. given that “our end game is to make sure the game never ends,” one should assume that we would place a priority on sus- tainable, long-term performance. And we do.
Similar to fiscal 2009, our longer-term history of total shareholder returns versus the S&p 500 is impressive. Over both the past five and 10 years, on average, Brown-Forman B Shares, with dividends reinvested, returned nearly 7% annually while the S&p 500 declined more than 2% annually.The story holds true over 15- and 20-year time horizons, as well, with Brown-Forman’s annual returns exceeding the S&p500 by 6 and 3 percentage points, respectively.
lOOkiNg AheAd. i believe that one of the most interesting artistic exercises of management, just as in life, is the balancing of short- and long-term considerations. At Brown-Forman, this task is even more relevant given the company’s 14 decades of success and our ambition to thrive for at least another 14.When we study our track record, we conclude that we have performed this balancing act quite well.While this is a source of pride for all of us at Brown- Forman, it also provides inspiration as we strive to continue this performance on the uncertain road ahead.
While we have more modest near-term growth expecta- tions in today’s difficult global environment, we remain as
enthusiastic as ever about the long-term growth possibilities for our brands and our company.We still represent less than 1% of the world’s spirits business, despite our impressive long-term progress. We are leveraging our corporate, brand, and people assets as a means of pursuing this immense growth potential. New ideas and strategies will be critical to this effort, and in recent months, our people have been focusing more than ever on consumer and marketplace insights from which we believe new business can be created for Brown-Forman.This recent surge of creative energy is only one reason why it’s such an exciting time at our company.
Our healthy balance sheet remains a strength, and we will continue to look for new investment opportunities, but not at the risk of abandoning our generally conservative approach. Clearly, the poor global economic climate is cause for concern and has our attention. At the same time, however, we are not deterred from building brands that will thrive and endure for generations.Your commitment is a crucial ingredient in the company’s long-term success, and we thank you for your continuing support.
SiNCerelY YOurS,
pAul C.vArgA
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer June 26, 2009
    BrOWN-FOrmAN ANNuAl repOrT 2009 | pAge 2

 MEssAgE FROM the PREsidiNg ChAiRMAN of the BOARd
 gEO. gARviN BROWN iv
Presiding Chairman of the Board
FELLOW shAREhOLdERs: The company’s solid underlying performance this past year, as detailed in Paul’s letter and in the balance of this report, reflects the strength of the company’s leadership, the resilience of our people, and the quality of our brands.
it also highlights, yet again, the stability and competitive advantage afforded by our status as a family-controlled, publicly traded com- pany and the well-designed and balanced governance system that we have put in place to oversee it. And, thanks to the combined efforts of the Board, management, and long-term shareholders, i am pleased to report that we have spent thoughtful time renewing these sources of strength over the past 12 months.
Our Board had another year of well-planned transition, where our newer independent and family directors were able to overlap with some of our longer-standing directors, who were in their last year of service.
specifically, the Board honored and thanked long-stand- ing directors Owsley Brown ii, our former Chairman and CEO, Barry Bramley, Matthew simmons, and donald Calder for their many contributions over the past years. in addition, the Board was pleased to add John d. Cook, director Emeritus of Mckinsey & Company, as a new independent director to the Board, bringing a breadth of global business experience to Brown-Forman.
The composition of the Board continues to give Brown- Forman the balance of independent, family, and management directors that contributes to the company’s sound underpinnings and ability to perform well in both favorable and unfavorable economic times. during fiscal 2009, the Board made various refinements to its governance guidelines and practices.
We also continued to strengthen and expand the Brown family shareholders’ interaction with the Brown-Forman
community, via the Brown-Forman/Brown Family shareholders Committee. Formed in July 2007, the “Committee” has made progress on a range of topics, including protocols relating to the employment of family members, philanthropy, and fifth- and sixth-generationeducationaboutthecorporation.Morebroadly, the Committee has evolved into a platform for the engagement of ever-more numerous family shareholders with the company beyond the ranks of the Board and employee base. As a result, the number of family members who are actively engaged and helping to perpetuate Brown-Forman’s long-term growth and independence continues to grow.
As i contrast the ongoing challenges of the global economy and the competitive environment we face with the steady, growth- orientated management style and thoughtful governance of the company, i cannot help but take tremendous pride in the collective efforts and contributions of all of Brown-Forman’s stakeholders.
With sincere thanks and fond wishes to the Brown- Forman community for the coming year,
siNCERELy yOURs,
gEO. gARviN BROWN iv
Presiding Chairman of the Board June 26, 2009
    BROWN-FORMAN ANNUAL REPORT 2009 | PAgE 3
