 BROWN-FORMAN 2005 ANNUAL REPORT
LETTER TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
OWSLEY BROWN II
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
I AM PLEASED TO REPORT THAT BROWN-FORMAN CORPORATION HAD AN EXTRAORDINARY YEAR IN 2005,WITH EARNINGS INCREASING 21% TO A RECORD $2.52 PER SHARE.
   Ooutstanding results from our global beverage busi- ness, led by Jack Daniel’s, our flagship brand, and Southern Comfort, continued to generate most of the company’s profit growth. Adjusting reported results to remove the effect of foreign exchange benefits, the cost of strategic trade inventory reductions,
and a few other items, the company’s earnings grew 10%.
Our impressive results are a testament to the exceptional efforts of our people and their focus on deepening consumer insights and strengthening the consumer connection with our brands.
Brown-Forman is the proud owner of the trademarks for many famous beverage brands. But our brands’ success ultimately depends on consumers’ belief in them and the images of superior quality and distinctive taste that they evoke. After
page2
 
 all, a consumer’s brand choice often reflects his or her own inter- ests and tastes. That’s why building strong consumer franchises continues to be the linchpin in Brown-Forman’s strategy. The extraordinary loyalty consumers have to our products helped to make fiscal 2005 one of the best years in our company’s 135-year history!
One of the company’s greatest assets is the strength of our brands, which are distributed domestically and in over 130 countries. Our most important brand, Jack Daniel’s, registered volume gains for the 13th consecutive year. Fiscal 2005 was the largest year of depletion growth in the brand’s history, with 680,000 cases added to its already large base of business. We’re understandably proud of everyone working on Jack Daniel’s around the world who not only have produced
many years of steady growth for this brand, but also have given us even more robust recent results.
In addition, we’re very pleased with the work our sales and marketing teams have done with Southern Comfort, particularly
in the U.S., where they produced another fantastic year, record- ing the fastest rate of depletion growth in 15 years. The brand continues to gain market share while continuing to elevate its price position in a very competitive market.
During the year, we also acquired the remain- ing 20% equity interest in Finlandia Vodka. Our work to create a winning brand-building model for Finlandia continues, and we’ve seen success with our efforts to date. The brand’s consumer proposition fea- tures pure glacial spring water, premium barley, and Finnish authenticity. We believe this positioning connects with consumers and will result in sustained, profitable growth.
BROWN-FORMAN 2005 ANNUAL REPORT
   page3
 
 The brand teams’
work to reverse the
negative trends we’ve
experienced with
Fetzer and Bolla con-
tinues as we fight to
slow volume declines
for these core brands.
During the last fiscal
quarter, we tested dif-
ferent combinations of
price support, adver-
tising, and promotion
in certain markets and found some good options. We will implement the best of these strategies more widely during fiscal 2006, which should improve volume and profit performance.
Our portfolio of smaller super-premium brands holds much promise, with Tuaca, Woodford Reserve, and Sonoma-Cutrer each posting solid double-digit volume growth at very attractive
profit margins, thanks to our employees’ tremen- dous efforts.
By focusing squarely on the consumer with our exceptional portfolio of brands, Brown- Forman strives to be the best brand builder in the industry. This consumer focus, bolstered by superb creativity, effec- tive execution, and the
willingness and ability to commit appropriate resources, helps us deliver record results year after year.
In February 2005 at Daytona International Speedway, we embarked on a new marketing partnership between Jack Daniel’s and NASCAR team owner Richard Childress, resulting in the largest single marketing investment in the history of the company. The racing season provides ten months of powerful trade and consumer programming that will reach more than 75 million dedicated race fans. The joint efforts of our race team, employees, distributors, and fans of Jack Daniel’s are generating energy and excitement around our sponsorship. The cornerstone of our racing promotion is a message about appropriate con-
sumption: “Pace Yourself. Drink Responsibly.”
We continue to set
high standards in the
industry with our on-
premise brand-building
activities as we capitalize
on many different
opportunities, including
Southern Comfort’s
Mardi Gras celebrations
and Finlandia’s Midnight
Sun events in central Europe. New packaging for Tuaca, Bolla wines, and Five Rivers wines helped strengthen these brands’ presence as well.
This year we welcomed several new distributors as partners around the world, and expanded our relationship with others, as we remained true to our strategy of choosing the best partner in each market to help us build our brands – and it’s paying off.
BROWN-FORMAN 2005 ANNUAL REPORT
   page4
 
 The continued success of our efforts comes not only from the strength of our brands, but perhaps even more from the strength of the people behind our brands. To make the most of their strengths, though, they need incisive leadership. That is why I am very pleased to tell you that our Board unanimously promoted Paul C. Varga to chief executive officer of Brown-
Forman Corporation, effective August 1, 2005. I will continue as the Corporation’s chairman.
Paul Varga’s appointment embodies Brown-Forman’s long- standing tradition of entrusting the company’s leadership to peo- ple of the highest ability who have a distinguished record of bringing success to our company. Through
his 18-year career here, Paul has developed a strong commit- ment to our independence as a family-controlled company and a deep appreciation of Brown-Forman’s values of integrity, respect, trust, teamwork, and excellence. He has keen foresight and a great ability to build action-oriented consensus. The exec- utive teams he has led have worked diligently, collaboratively, and brilliantly to capitalize on the enormous opportunities that exist for our portfolio of brands around the world. I am confident that, under his leadership, Brown-Forman will continue to
achieve remarkable suc- cess and create value for our shareholders over the long term.
A focus on brand building has served the company well throughout its 135-year history. We believe that further strengthening our brand- building capabilities will
be the engine that drives future profitable growth. Our consumers, as believers in brands like Jack Daniel’s, Southern Comfort, Sonoma-Cutrer,
and Woodford Reserve,
expect us to position and showcase these brands in a way that connects with their personal values and lifestyles. I hope you will enjoy the examples of our brand-building successes in the pages that follow.
Thank you for your continued support.
BROWN-FORMAN 2005 ANNUAL REPORT
   sincerely yours,
OWSLEY BROWN II
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer June 22, 2005
 page5
