  Brown-Forman 2003 Annual Report
TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
Owsley Brown II
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Charles Dickens would have understood Brown-Forman’s business environment this past year – it was both the best and worst of times. The continuing war against terrorism around the world, significant declines in U.S. consumer confidence levels, a very weak market for business travel, and a generally difficult economy resulted in a number of challenges for our company. An extremely competitive wine market resulted in substantially lower profits from our wine brands, and our Consumer Durables segment continued to suffer in a tough retail environment. Our spirits business had an excellent year, however, achieving record profit levels around the world.
 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
(Dollars in millions)
Net Sales
Gross Profit
Operating Income
Net Income
Earnings Per Share
– Basic – Diluted
Cash Dividends Paid Per Common Share Return on Average Invested Capital Return on Average Stockholders’ Equity Gross Margin
Operating Margin
2002 2003 $2,224 $2,378 $1,133 $1,182
% Change
7%
continued on Page 2
    $ 353 $
$ 228 $
$ 3.33 $
$ 3.33 $
$ 1.36 $ 15.9%
18.5% 50.9% 15.9%
4% 378 7% 245 8%
  3.64 9% 3.63 9%
1.45 7% 15.7%
19.1%
49.7%
15.9%
      Page 1

 Page 2
 Earnings per share for the year were $3.63, up 9% from the previous year. Although these results were lower than our initial hopes, we continued our long practice of sustained investments to build our brands. We believe that our brands are in strong positions for future growth in their respective categories and we remain optimistic about the future of your company.
Wine and Spirits
For the year, Wine and Spirits net sales were up 11%, gross profits were up 6%, and operat-
ing income increased 4%. Higher profits were driven by increased profitability in the United Kingdom from a new distribution agreement, solid growth for both Jack Daniel’s and Southern Comfort, and benefits to
our dollar profits from the stronger currencies of our principal overseas markets.
Last year we changed distribution arrangements
in our second most important market, the U.K. Effective August 1, we began selling our spirits
brands directly to the trade in the U.K. via a cost- sharing agreement with Bacardi. This arrangement provides more cost-efficient distribution and gives Brown-Forman full control over the marketing and pricing of our brands. We believe that we have a very strong team assembled in the U.K. and are confident that this market will be an important source of growth for our company over the next several years.
Consumer demand for Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Whiskey remained solid this year, with depletions increasing in 16 of the brand’s top 20 markets in the world, including the United States. Profit growth for the brand was exceptional, as solid price increases, com- bined with the benefits of foreign exchange, resulted in double-digit profit growth for the brand. Southern Comfort also had a very good year, with price increases and strong cost controls resulting in substantial increases in both gross and operating profits.
Our wine business was very challenging and profits were down substantially over fiscal 2002. A global over- supply of grapes has led to significant pressure on retail prices in the U.S., decreasing our margins. We have been unable to take advantage of reduced grape costs because we hold long-term contracts to purchase grapes for Fetzer at prices established in years past. By con- trast, a shortage of grapes in Italy, where long-term purchase contracts are not the custom, has increased costs for Bolla. The combination
resulted in a significant drop in profits
from our wine brands. While we believe
in the long-term growth opportunities
for wines, we are looking hard at each
aspect of this business to find ways to
generate stronger returns in the future.
Finlandia and Tuaca Acquisitions
We acquired an additional 35% interest in Finlandia Vodka Worldwide for $72 million in December 2002,
Brown-Forman 2003 Annual Report
     
 increasing our ownership to 80%. Our company now has global marketing responsibility for Finlandia and
we expect to increase brand spending significantly in the U.S. and other important markets. Finlandia is an important part of our portfolio of global brands, and we believe that the additional advertising and promotional spending will be a key component of
our brand-building efforts around the world.
We also acquired an additional 55% interest in
Tuaca liqueur in February 2003, giving us full ownership of the brand. Although this transaction is not expected to have a material impact on earnings in fiscal 2004, we believe this brand has long-range potential to become a meaningful
contributor to the growth of our spirits portfolio, particularly in the U.S.
Consumer Durables
While operating income for the Consumer Durables segment was up 81% over last fiscal year, this largely reflects the absence of the Business Improvement Program costs we incurred to close three manufactur- ing plants in fiscal 2002. The underlying trends in the fine china, tableware, and luggage markets have not improved over the past 12 months. Department stores and retail outlet centers, two of the primary channels
of distribution for Lenox, remain weak. In addition, the direct-to-consumer channel, which includes direct mail, catalogs, and the Internet, has
slowed over the past 12 months. We
remain focused on controlling our
costs and finding new, growing outlets
for our brands. Although we are
hoping that a stronger U.S. economy
will improve the outlook for this
business, our current expectation is that operating income will be up only slightly next year.
Share Repurchase
On March 4, 2003, we repurchased approximately 7.9 million shares of Brown-Forman stock for a total cost of $561 million. We financed the transaction with three- and five-year bonds issued when the Treasury yield was at a 44-year low, resulting in very attractive interest rates for Brown-Forman. As a result, earnings per share benefited by approximately $0.03 in fiscal 2003. Fiscal 2004 earnings will benefit by an incremental $0.30 per share.
This transaction does not represent a change
in our business strategy. It is simply a change in our capital structure, and one which carries out our long-stated objective of using our free cash flow for value-creating opportunities for our shareholders. Importantly, the debt issued for this transaction is not large compared to the free cash flow of the
company. We still have ample borrowing capacity
continued on Page 4
Brown-Forman 2003 Annual Report
    Page 3

  for activities that can create value for our shareholders, such as acquisitions.
Board of Directors
In November 2002, the company announced the election of both Matthew R. Simmons and Ina Brown Bond to the Board of Directors. Both are active and accomplished in business and civic affairs and we
are very pleased to have their services on our Board. In December 2002, Jerry Abramson resigned from our Board to assume the role of Mayor of Louisville- Jefferson County Metro Government. He was an exceptionally valuable member of our Board and we thank him greatly for his service to our company.
Strategic Imperatives
Although the environment for certain parts of our busi- ness was very challenging last year, our dedicated employees, directors, distributors, and retail partners did an excellent job focusing on what is most important for the long-term success of Brown-Forman – improving the value of our brands. Over the past year, the com- pany has created a new overarching objective: to “Be the Best Brand Builder in the Industry.” We realize that this is easier said than done, but our commitment to
this goal is strong. We recognize that this can only be accomplished by having the right team of people, in the right place, all working on the right things.
In order to guide us in our brand-building efforts around the world, we have intro- duced the Brown-Forman Arrow.
Each of the four strategic imperatives is high- lighted on the arrow and is fueled by the values our company has long embraced. They all point toward
our ultimate goals of unsurpassed growth in brand equity, earnings, and total shareholder value over time.
Much of this year’s annual report will focus on these imperatives and why we believe that they will be so helpful to our continued success in the 21st century. We begin, however, with a closer look at Jack Daniel’s, our brand with the strongest consumer franchise. We think you will enjoy this visit with Jack, including a tour of the Jack Daniel’s homeplace in Lynchburg, Tennessee.
Brown-Forman 2003 Annual Report
   Sincerely yours,
Owsley Brown II
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
june 19, 2003
 Page 4
Be the Best Brand Builder in the Industry, Period!
Creating a Deeply Engrained Brand Building
Culture
Allocating Resources Superbly
Winning at the Point of Purchase
Building Strong Consumer Franchises
INTEGRITY RESPECT
TRUST TEAMWORK
EXCELLENCE
