 Dear Shareholders,
10
– business, and I am happy to report that fiscal 2014 was
It is again my pleasure to update you on Brown-Forman’s
outperformance in fiscal 2014 is the most dramatic I’ve observed in many years. Let me share some thoughts on what I believe underpinned Brown-Forman’s perfor- mance edge in fiscal 2014.
As an overarching explanation, I believe that Brown- Forman enjoyed the unique advantage of our portfolio skew to premium American whiskey, coupled with what we observe to be an equally unique and well-balanced geographic performance. Consistent with prior years, the most vivid proof of these advantages was again provided by the excellent global performance of the Jack Daniel’s trademark in fiscal 2014.
Geographically, our global competitors have struggled with a slowdown in their emerging market business over the last year or so. At the same time, their business in Europe remained lackluster and many experienced only moderate growth and share loss in the important United States market. By contrast, Brown-Forman’s underlying sales growth again demonstrated excellent balance, advancing in the mid to high single-digits across these same geographies with the Jack Daniel’s trademark leading the way.
Additionally, some of our competitors have a fair-sized exposure to large, sub-premium, lower growth, and in some cases, one-country categories and brands. By
Paul C. Varga
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  11
another excellent year for the company. Against a back- drop that saw the growth rates of our global competitors moderate noticeably, Brown-Forman posted results that, in my view, were comprehensive, high in quality, and quantitatively best in class. The theme of this year’s annual report — American Spirit, Global Opportunity — summarizes nicely why the company enjoys the position it holds today and why we remain optimistic about our prospects for continued success.
INDUSTRY-LEADING PERFORMANCE
In fiscal 2014, the company’s underlying net sales grew over 6% (4% as reported), five percentage points ahead of the 1% growth rate we estimate for our global competi- tive set on the same measure. Similarly, Brown-Forman’s underlying operating income growth of 11% (8% as reported) significantly exceeded our estimate of our competitive set’s growth of 2%. While we have a solid track record of producing results that have generally exceeded our well-performing industry, the degree of
    
 contrast, Brown-Forman has its strongest exposure to the premium-plus American whiskey category that is at a relatively early stage of global development, and that is enjoying unprecedented global momentum. And not only are we nicely exposed to this attractive segment, we are in fact the global leaders in it.
TAKING AMERICAN WHISKEY TO THE WORLD
Nothing exemplifies our company’s American Spirit and Global Opportunity better than the Jack Daniel’s trade- mark. Further reinforcing its global leadership of the American whiskey segment, premium or otherwise, the Jack Daniel’s trademark’s underlying net sales grew an impressive 8% (6% as reported) during fiscal 2014. In addition to this quantitative metric of progress, I believe Jack Daniel’s family of
part of Jack Daniel’s and American whiskey’s success is due to their possession of the most appealing attributes of both Scotch whisky and vodka, two of the largest and most attractive global categories.
Jack Daniel’s, more than any other brand, possesses the authenticity, history, flavor, quality, and premiumness often associated with Scotch, while also exhibiting the drinkability, mixability, and accessible, casual imagery often associated with vodka. This is a highly desirable set of attributes for both the Jack Daniel’s brand and the American whiskey category that it leads.
While Jack Daniel’s is our clear number one priority within American whiskey, we are not satisfied to let that trademark alone do all of the work. In fiscal 2014, our Woodford Reserve brand had another exceptional year as underlying net sales advanced by 26% (25% as reported), marking the 18th consecutive year of strong double-digit growth for the brand. Our company’s
         brands performance was
again quite comprehen-
sive and of high quality. As
evidence of this, I would
cite an excellent bal-
ance of price and volume
growth, contributions from
a diverse list of countries,
and strong growth across
the Jack Daniel’s family of brands as line extensions outpaced the well-performing Jack Daniel’s Black Label parent brand with minimal evidence of cannibalization.
One of the trademark’s recent innovations, Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Honey, enjoyed another superb year with underlying net sales growth of 36% (32% as reported) as it completed its third year of a staged global rollout. To give you a feel for how successful Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Honey has been, we estimate that there are fewer than 20 brands globally that sell more than 1 million nine-liter cases at an average price greater than $25 per 750ml bottle, and Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Honey has joined that elite list after only three years in the market.
Alongside our earlier and continued success with Jack Daniel’s Ready-to-Drink (RTD) expressions, Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Honey’s rapid and remarkable ascent is a reminder of the brand’s and category’s unique mix- ability relative to other whiskey categories. I believe a
innovation efforts around Woodford Reserve 20 years ago were in many ways a precursor to what today is referred to as the craft whiskey movement. We are, of course, proud of the authentic, imaginative, and high-quality whiskeys crafted by our distilling
professionals at our historic distilleries, even if the larger size associated with their consumer acceptance and marketplace success has placed them in a more rarified whiskey classification that goes beyond the smaller size prerequisites associated with the term “craft” today.
As evidence of the growing appeal of more historic trademarks, Old Forester, the company’s founding brand, grew underlying net sales 16% (28% as reported) in fiscal 2014, driven by renewed consumer demand in the U.S. on-premise market, and I’m encouraged by the increas- ing level of excitement we hear in the market about America’s first bottled bourbon.
GLOBAL OPPORTUNITY BEYOND AMERICAN WHISKEY
We are encouraged by our non-American whiskey port- folio of brands development as well. Finlandia Vodka
Jack Daniel’s trademark’s underlying net sales grew an impressive 8% during fiscal 2014
         
12 – 13
  3-Year Total Shareholder Return*
*Source: FactSet, as of April 30, 2014, in local currency, assuming dividends reinvested. Note – The Competitive Set is a weighted average based upon each competitor’s Last Twelve Months sales.
10-Year Total Shareholder Return*
*Source: FactSet, as of April 30, 2014, in local currency, assuming dividends reinvested. Note – The Competitive Set is a weighted average based upon each competitor’s Last Twelve Months sales.
BFB
Beam Diageo
Consumer Staples
Comp Set
S&P 500
Pernod Campari Remy
0%
BFB
Campari
Diageo
Remy
Comp Set
Pernod
Consumer Staples
S&P 500
Beam
                           10%
20%
30%
0%
5% 10% 15% 20%
continues to grow globally and grew underlying net sales by 4% (3% as reported) in fiscal 2014. The Casa Herradura family of brands experienced 10% (4% as reported) underlying net sales growth in the United States, where the attractive Hispanic market continues to grow. Our premium liqueurs’ performance was chal- lenged by the many entrants in the flavored whiskey/ flavored spirits categories, and we will continue to focus on new innovations for these brands to ensure their relevancy with consumers. As in past years, Sonoma- Cutrer continues to thrive in the United States, enjoying a leadership position in Chardonnay in both the on- and off-premise markets.
INVESTING IN THE FUTURE
We are investing in our people, our brands, and our assets at a time when our competitors are either activating or talking about cost-cutting programs; we believe these investments will add value over the longer term. As evi- dence of a company focused on continuing to thrive and endure for future generations, in fiscal 2014 we invested $126 million in capital projects to fuel our future growth.
In order to meet consumer demand for our whiskey brands, we are in the process of expanding our distillery capacity at both Jack Daniel’s and Woodford Reserve.
Equally significant, we built our second cooperage near the Jack Daniel Distillery to support our growth requirements. Brown-Forman is unique in controlling its barrel-making operations and this is an advantage from a supply chain, cost, and innovation standpoint. Additionally, the increased demand for our used barrels in Scotland and in other markets has been a nice source of additional income for the company.
We also continued to invest in our brand-building efforts. Examples in fiscal 2014 include new television advertising in the United States for Woodford Reserve and increasing our efforts in social media across our portfolio of brands. In fact, our underlying A&P spend- ing has grown 25% (19% as reported) over the past three years.
At Brown-Forman we believe that people build brands. As we grow around the world we continue to invest in people to expand our global reach, as evidenced by our significant investment in route-to-market changes in France, the third largest whiskey market in the world.
Alongside our immense global opportunity also, of course, comes global risk. Just like our competitors, we
       
  Return on Average Invested Capital
as of April 30, 2014
Compound Annual Growth Rate
as of April 30, 2014
25%
20%
15%
10%
5%
0%
are not immune to business threats such as increased taxation, government regulation, restrictions on market- ing communications, and the need to navigate corrupt business practices around the world. We believe our increasing geographic diversification lessens the impact of these risks as they unfold.
FINANCIAL STEWARDSHIP
The unique advantage of our portfolio skew to premium American whiskey, coupled with our well-balanced geographic growth, helped us achieve excellent organic results. At the same time, our 22% return on invested capital continued to be at or near the very top of the distilled spirits industry. Exceptional free cash flow allowed us to further strengthen our balance sheet, reducing net debt by $230 million to under $600 million, and to return an additional $280 million to our shareholders through our growing dividends and share repurchases.
This balance of strong organic growth and efficient returns on capital helped drive shareholder value over the past year, with a Total Shareholder Return (TSR) of 30%.
12%
9%
6%
3%
0%
These returns outpaced the 12-month TSR for our competitive set, Consumer Staples, and the S&P 500 by a wide margin; and as you’ll see in the financial charts in this report, this was the case over three- and 10-year time periods as well.
In closing, let me thank and congratulate our employ- ees individually and collectively for delivering another year of excellent performance. And to you, our share- holders, I also thank you for your ongoing interest, but more importantly, for your continued support and encouragement. We hope you will view our fiscal 2014 performance as evidence of this year’s annual report theme: Brown-Forman is a strong, independent American Spirits company with unparalleled Global Opportunity.
Sincerely yours,
Paul C. Varga
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer June 26, 2014
                                    05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14
35-Year 25-Year 15-Year 10-Year 5-Year Net Sales Operating Income Diluted EPS
         