   Dear Shareholders,
It is again my pleasure to share with you some observations on Brown-Forman’s progress, and I’m pleased to report that our company remains in excellent health following another superb year. With the theme of this year’s Annual Report being Proof, one would expect our results to be strong—and indeed they are.
Led again by the remarkable Jack Daniel’s trademark, our company’s underlying operating income growth rate accelerated to 13% in fiscal year 2013 (14% as reported), comfortably exceeding our estimate of the industry’s average growth of roughly 8% on the same measure. Our underlying operating income growth was fueled by an 8% increase in underlying net sales (5% as reported) that included nice contributions from Woodford Reserve, Herradura, and Finlandia.
At the same time, our 22% Return on Invested Capital (ROIC) continued to be at or near the very top of a distilled spirit industry that continues to perform well. In my view, the consistency of our organic growth and strength of our returns on capital, particularly when observed over longer periods of time, are solid evidence, or proof, of a company that balances risk and reward quite well.
Scan Paul Varga’s photograph with your Layar-enabled smartphone for a short video, “A Conversation with Paul and Garvin.”
Our organic growth and strong ROIC drove shareholder value over the last 12 months. But
our impressive 31% Total Shareholder Return (TSR) was also underpinned by our track record of deploying cash to benefit shareholders and by the significant global growth opportunities we envision for our business. On a relative basis, we were pleased that Brown-Forman’s 31% TSR comfortably outpaced the 12-month TSRs for our industry, Consumer Staples, and the S&P500’s 16% return.
A BALANCED APPROACH
Something we strive to prove each and every day at Brown-Forman is that we carry out our work with a healthy sense of balance. We reason that if we approach the business in a thoughtful, balanced manner, we stand the best chance to make consistently good decisions and to produce results that are also well-balanced. I believe fiscal year 2013 was solid proof of this.
Something we strive
to prove each and every day at Brown-Forman is that we carry out our work with a healthy sense of balance.
As one good example, consider that our 8% underlying net sales growth in fiscal year 2013 approximated last fiscal year’s 9% growth on the same measure. However, our fiscal year 2013 underlying net sales growth was delivered with
an improved balance between volume and price. While last year’s underlying net sales growth was virtually 100% volume-driven, our fiscal year 2013 underlying sales growth was derived from a 60/40 split of volume and price/mix. This was a major contributing factor to the company’s impressive 10% growth in underlying gross profit in fiscal year 2013.
Beyond the purely financial benefits, pricing plays an important role in reinforcing the quality and
            10 Proof

specialness of our brands, particularly the super- premium and ultra-premium expressions. This too, requires a sense of balance. Using Jack Daniel’s Black Label as an example, consider the ongoing need to simultaneously balance its enormous size,
Today, our non-U.S. business represents 59%
of Brown-Forman’s underlying net sales and this compares to a mere 15% just a short 20 years ago.
popularity, and mainstream appeal with our desire to ensure the brand is viewed as a very special, super-premium product of exceptional quality
that can be aspired to for many, many more generations. Balancing price/volume plays a role in this, and so too does the way in which we market this one-of-a-kind brand, striving regularly to honor Jack Daniel’s cherished past while bringing equal imagination to positioning it for tomorrow’s global marketplace. Beyond price position, the brand’s packaging, line extensions, and advertising and promotion play important roles in assisting us with this rather artistic balancing act.
Perhaps the most consistent and readily observed balance at Brown-Forman today is the geographic diversity of our business. Today, our non-U.S. business represents 59% of Brown-Forman’s underlying net sales, and this compares to a mere 15% just a short 20 years ago. This international skew has been accomplished largely through organic growth and has been accompanied by
the continued growth of our very successful U.S. business, albeit at lower long-term rates than our international growth. In fiscal year 2013, we were again pleased with the breadth of our geographic performance as underlying sales grew 6% in the U.S., 12% in emerging markets, and 6% in more developed international markets (3%, 10%, and 3%, respectively, as reported).
The primary driver of Brown-Forman’s geographic breadth continues to be the unique global appeal of the Jack Daniel’s trademark. Further proof
of this was provided in fiscal year 2013 as Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Honey was successfully launched into several international markets, while continuing its impressive performance in its lead market, the United States. Gentleman Jack, Jack Daniel’s Single Barrel, and the Jack Daniel’s Ready- to-Drink and Ready-to-Pour expressions added to the trademark’s global presence with strong fiscal year 2013 multi-country performances.
We believe that these balanced results are derived from investments that are similarly well-balanced. We define “investment” broadly and comprehensively, striving to achieve an optimal mix between the income statement
and the balance sheet, A&P and SG&A, and acquisitions and innovation, to cite just a few examples. We try not to employ a one-size-fits-all brand building approach, opting instead to craft business-building investment programs that are customized to the unique circumstances of a brand and/or geography. We believe that we need
In fiscal year 2013,
we were again pleased with the breadth of our geographic performance as underlying sales grew 6% in the U.S., 12% in emerging markets, and 6% in more developed international markets.
sufficient agility to build a portfolio of brands around the world, and I believe that the considerably different brand building models and resulting investment mixes that we utilize for Finlandia in Russia, Sonoma-Cutrer in the U.S., and Jack Daniel’s RTDs in Australia are proof of an increasingly agile and thoughtfully balanced company.
                        Brown-Forman 2013 Annual Report 11

  BF150: BUILDING FOREVER
As we look ahead to our company’s 150th anniversary in 2020, we’ve termed our strategies aimed at that milestone year “Brown-Forman 150” (or BF150). And while we will no doubt continue to be balanced in our approach, this should not be interpreted to mean we are lacking in bold ambitions. Our longer-term plans call for exciting brand and corporate development across the globe,
In an attractive and competitive industry such as ours, the imaginations of our people are the greatest differentiator.
led by the Jack Daniel’s trademark and bolstered by a strong emphasis on our Southern Comfort, Finlandia, Woodford Reserve, and Herradura brands. These great trademarks will continue to need an even larger supply of great ideas to fuel their progress. In an attractive and competitive industry such as ours, the imaginations of our people are the greatest differentiator.
These next many years will require the continued globalization of Brown-Forman as we further our knowledge of the global marketplace, invest in developing our local capabilities, and navigate the
exciting, yet competitive and challenging world of emerging markets. One of our ambitions for the year 2020 is to ensure that the company’s strategic position at that point will have it poised for countless decades of continued success.
To ensure we easily remember this highest ambition of our BF150 strategy, we borrow our company initials and let the phrase “Building Forever” declare our intent to be an enduring, family-controlled enterprise.
In closing, let me thank you for your continued interest and support. On behalf of my Brown- Forman colleagues worldwide, I’m thrilled to be able to share another year of balanced, excellent results with you. We hope you will view our fiscal year 2013 performance as solid evidence, or proof, that we have taken yet another step toward Building Forever.
Sincerely yours,
Paul C. Varga
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer June 27, 2013
An important part of Building Forever is remembering our traditions, which include playing an active, positive, visible role in a thriving community.
             12 Proof
