  A LETTER FROM PAUL C. VARGA,
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
To our valued shareholders,
As we close the book on our fiscal 2010 and complete our company’s first ten years of work since the millennium, I am pleased to report to you that Brown-Forman continues to perform well over both short and long time horizons. Having weathered these last two dif- ficult years quite nicely, Brown-Forman remains a healthy enterprise today with a very bright future.
This year’s annual report celebrates our fiscal 2010 per- formance and outlines what we believe are ten keys to enduring success for Brown-Forman.At the same time, the 2010 calendar year marks the 140 anniversary of the company’s founding. In this letter, I will share a few perspectives about fiscal 2010 and our progress over the last decade. I will also look ahead to Brown-Forman’s 150 anniversary and discuss some of our opportunities and ambitions.
FISCAL YEAR 2010 As you will see in the Summary Financial Highlights on the inside cover and in the more detailed discussion of our results beginning
on page 34, Brown-Forman continued to perform very well in fiscal 2010.We believe that our growth in underlying net sales and underlying operating
income were near the top of our industry competi- tive set. Importantly, the company’s growth rates in both underlying gross profit and underlying operat- ing income improved modestly relative to fiscal 2009’s growth rates.We believe this is a positive sign as we enter fiscal 2011 and is a testament to the resourceful- ness, responsiveness, and resiliency of our employees worldwide.
“The last year tested us, and in doing so, improved us.”
Many of us at Brown-Forman feel that fiscal 2010
was one of the most rewarding years in some time,
and while none of us would wish a global economic crisis on the world, the unexpected silver lining was that it changed our mindset in some very helpful ways. The last year tested us, and in doing so, improved us. Throughout the year and across the globe, I observed a more agile, accountable, and efficient Brown-Forman. We were also more focused, imaginative, and competi- tive, and this showed up in our results for the year. For example, the Jack Daniel’s family of brands reported a net sales increase of 8% in an environment where most large, premium-priced brands struggled to post growth of any kind.
  BROWN-FORMAN ANNUAL REPORT 2010 | PAGE 3

 We believe that Brown-Forman’s nearly 17% return
on average invested capital (ROIC) continued to be the highest among our industry competitive set. During the year, Brown-Forman became a member of the “S&P Dividend Aristocrats,” an index of the elite 43 companies within the S&P 500 which have raised divi- dends for at least 25 consecutive years.We continue to believe that excellent ROIC performance, underlying operating income growth, and the consistent return of cash to our investors are the key ingredients in produc- ing superior long-term total shareholder returns.
TEN-YEAR PERFORMANCE The first decade of the new millennium began and ended with economic down- turns. As a result, the S&P 500’s ten-year compound annual change in total shareholder return (TSR), assuming dividends reinvested, was flat. Despite the difficult environment for investors generally, sharehold- ers of Brown-Forman were rewarded with an excellent 13% ten-year compound annual growth inTSR.As strong as this long-term performance was, the strategic progress of the company through the course of the decade was just as important.
Against a backdrop of significant ownership changes in our industry, our family-controlled company worked steadily to make important portfolio shifts to improve the company’s long-term growth and return-on- investment profile.We selectively divested brands like Lenox, Hartmann, Bolla, and Fontana Candida and sold our minority equity stake in Glenmorangie.As we bid farewell to those brands and businesses, we welcomed a number of acquired brands into our portfolio, includ- ing Finlandia,Tuaca, Sonoma-Cutrer, Chambord,
acquisitions positioned Brown-Forman to benefit from growing consumer demand for premium vodka, liqueur, chardonnay, and tequila.
In addition to the changing composition of our port- folio, Brown-Forman’s route-to-market developed significantly since the turn of the century. Over the last decade, we made important investments to improve
our in-market knowledge and our influence over the most critical brand-building activities.As we enter fiscal 2011, we have strengthened our distribution capabilities in a number of our most important markets and have a growing influence in several others. Just ten years ago, this degree of influence was confined to only one of our top ten global markets.The acquisitions of Finlandia and Casa Herradura played a major role in advancing our route-to-market in Poland and Mexico, respectively. While these acquisitions did not transform Brown- Forman overall, at least not in the very short term, they did transform Brown-Forman’s business in Poland and Mexico. Importantly, these acquisitions and distribution platforms provided us the opportunity to build Brown- Forman’s business in these countries beyond the vodka and tequila categories.As a result, Poland and Mexico are two of the fastest growing markets in the world today for the Jack Daniel’s trademark.
“Despite the difficult environment for investors generally, shareholders of Brown-Forman were rewarded with an excellent 13% ten-year compound annual growth in TSR.”
The strategic progress of our portfolio and global route-to-market, along with the impressive global expansion of the Jack Daniel’s family of brands, have made Brown-Forman a different company than it was just ten years ago.This progress required a thought-
ful investment behind people and the tools to support them. Changes in our employee statistics tell this
story well.Ten years ago, our beverage employee popu- lation was 2,750, with only 9% being based outside
the United States.Today,we have about 3,900 BROWN-FORMAN ANNUAL REPORT 2010 | PAGE 4
       el Jimador,Herradura,Antiguo and New Mix.These

 employees, with 41% based outside the United States. The development of our brands, our portfolio, our route-to-market, and our people has led to excellent results over the last ten years, and as importantly, has prepared our company for even greater heights in the next ten years.
LOOKING AHEAD The world began this decade the same way we started the last one, surrounded by economic and political uncertainty.We cannot predict with accuracy when consumers will increase their discretionary spending. However, as we look ahead ten years, we see enormous opportunity for our com- pany. Despite all of our progress over the last decade, Brown-Forman controls a mere 1% of the global spirits market, reminding us of the tremendous growth potential for our company, still relatively new to the global marketplace.
Already one of the world’s premier trademarks, Jack Daniel’s continues to have abundant opportunities for growth across countries, price segments, channels, and consumer groups.We see consumers increasingly
We will continue our pursuit of sales and market share growth in the United States, Brown-Forman’s most important market in terms of total sales. In order to grow our share in the United States, we believe we will need to be more successful in the non-whiskey categories and the development of our tequila, vodka, and liqueur portfolios has improved our prospects for growth in the world’s most valuable beverage alcohol market.
Just as was true in the last decade, the markets outside the United States will be the most important to the company’s growth over the next ten years.We expect Brazil, Russia, India, and China (BRIC) and other emerging markets to gain significantly in importance
over the next decade, but we also envision strong growth from more developed econo- mies such as France, Australia, Germany, and Poland.There is a world of opportunity available to us.
  “There is a world of opportunity available to us.”
 seeking brands with genuine quality, heritage, authen- ticity, and down-to-earth values. Few brands in the world offer these attributes as strongly and consistently as the Jack Daniel’s brand.
As excited as we remain about the Jack Daniel’s family of brands, we are also quite enthused about
the potential for growing the rest of our portfolio. While brands like Finlandia, Southern Comfort, Herradura, el Jimador, Sonoma-Cutrer, and Woodford Reserve are smaller than Jack Daniel’s, their growth potential, in many cases, is just as great. Realizing
this potential will require us to continue to innovate around packaging, line extensions, and marketing communications, making Brown-Forman’s brands the most desirable, appealing, and responsible offerings in the marketplace.
In closing, and on behalf of Brown-Forman’s management, let me say thank you to all of our stake- holders for your interest and continuing support. Our shareholders, Board, employees, and many partners around the world are a major part of our past and current success.
Sincerely,
 BROWN-FORMAN ANNUAL REPORT 2010 | PAGE 5
Paul C. Varga
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer June 25, 2010
Paul Varga
