 TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
    Owsley Brown II
Dear Stockholders:
Before I report on our fine results for the last fiscal year, I'd like to tell you about the special booklet enclosed with this year's Annual Report.
Calendar 2000 was a very special year for Jack Daniel's, as we celebrated the 150th birthday of the brand's founder, Jasper Newton Daniel - better known as Jack. We honored the occasion in
a variety of ways: producing a commemorative bottle; mailing special greetings to hundreds of thousands of Jack Daniel's most devoted fans; and by holding birthday party promotions for Mr. Jack in more than 2,600 bars and restaurants in 48 countries across the globe.
Because we wanted to include you in
our celebration, our present to you -- in addition to providing solid earnings per share growth, of course -- is the
enclosed booklet, which tells the true story of Jack Daniel and his whiskey. It's a remarkable tale of how this unique brand became a symbol of Americana and an international success. I hope you enjoy it.
RECORD EARNINGS
Fiscal 2001 was another record year for our company. Earnings per share grew 7% to $3.40, and operating income increased 7%. Our brands made excellent progress in fiscal 2001, as
Jack Daniel's accelerated its worldwide growth rate, Southern Comfort continued its comeback, and Lenox increased earnings at a double-digit rate for the fourth consecutive year.
Growing gross profit is one of our key corporate strategies and we took price increases on several wine and spirits brands around the world last year, recognizing that it would slow volume gains but contribute to higher gross profits and better positioning for our premium labels.
WINE & SPIRITS
Beverage operating income grew 8%
for the year, driven by strong results from the Jack Daniel's family of brands. Consumer demand for Jack Daniel's Black Label around the world was excellent, with global depletions up 6%. Depletions improved 3% in the United States, the brand's biggest market. Volumes grew at a double-digit rate in Western Europe and other important overseas markets, although weak foreign
currencies constrained dollar earnings outside the U.S.
Annual depletions for Southern Comfort increased 2% in the United States, the brand's largest market, while we enjoyed double-digit gross profit growth, primarily the result of price increases and cost efficiencies. Volume trends for the brand also improved in important global markets.
To expand our business in spirits categories beyond whiskey, we gained the rights to distribute Finlandia Vodka in almost every market in the world. As a result, Brown- Forman's sales and operating profits for Finlandia more than doubled last year, and our depletions for the brand are
now running at an annual rate of about 1.2 million cases.
Recognizing the improved quality of Fetzer Premium Varietals, our largest wine brand, we raised its shelf price by $1 dollar a bottle, which increased Fetzer's gross profit growth to a high single-digit rate. We also took price increases on Bolla, resulting in higher profits for that brand as well.
  1

 Two industry-wide events reduced 2001 results for the Brown-Forman beverage group. Though Korbel Champagne gained market share during the year, a sharp decline in the U.S. sparkling wine category, resulting from the need to reduce distributor and retailer inventories built up during the Millennium year, triggered a 32% drop in depletions for the brand. In addition, a slowdown in Scotch production led to a significant decline in our sales of used bourbon barrels to Scotch whisky distillers, lowering the company's operating earnings by $8 million compared to
the prior year. Excluding Korbel and
the used barrel business, wine and spirits revenues increased 6%, gross profit rose 7%, and operating income improved 13%.
Other key financial measures strengthened for the beverage group: the segment's gross profit margin rose 1.4 percentage points to 54.0%, continuing
a long-term trend of steadily improving gross margins; advertising support increased 4% as measured in U.S. dollars and 7% on a local currency basis; and increased capital investments expanded capacity at Jack Daniel's and at the company's premium wineries.
CONSUMER DURABLES
The Consumer Durables segment,
which consists of Lenox and Hartmann, reported gains of 3% in sales, 4% in gross profit, and 6% in operating income.
Lenox's profits grew at a double-digit rate for the fourth consecutive year, fueled by strong gains at its direct marketing division. Lenox continues to expand its consumer base through successful catalogue, direct mail and Internet activities. Its traditional wholesale business softened during
the last half of the fiscal year, however.
Hartmann, the smaller of the Consumer Durables businesses, suffered an unusually difficult holiday season, a trend that continued through the fourth quarter. Restructuring costs of $1 million were incurred during the second half of the fiscal year to improve Hartmann's future performance.
ACQUISITION ACTIVITY
As part of gaining broader distribution rights for Finlandia Vodka, Brown- Forman acquired a 45% equity interest in this important brand last year. We also purchased a small percent of the equity of Glenmorangie Single Malt Scotch and a larger one in Tuaca, an Italian Liqueur.
We are highly alert to all opportunities to acquire new brands, and aggressively pursue them when they arise. For example, we partnered with Bacardi Ltd. to make a very strong bid in the auction for the Seagram wine and spirits business. More recently, we were
the leading contender in an effort to acquire a major wine brand, whose owners ultimately decided to keep the business rather than sell it.
While we are disappointed with the outcome of our efforts to acquire these desirable brands, they were not essential for our future prospects. We have a very strong company that is focused on growing our existing portfolio of premium brands. As other companies deal with the problems of integrating new organizations and brands, we will be poised to take advantage of any slippage in attention to their business.
Brown-Forman remains very interested in adding complementary spirits and wine brands that may become available in the future, and we will always be guided by our desire to enhance, not diminish, the long-term value of our shareholders’ investment.
OUTLOOK FOR THE FUTURE
We continue to have a positive outlook for Brown-Forman's long-term growth. Earnings per share for the full fiscal year 2002 are currently expected to grow at a rate comparable to that of fiscal 2001. First quarter comparisons will be difficult, however, as significant currency hedging gains in last year's first quarter
     2

          will not be replicated this year. Weakening currencies in Europe and Australia have constrained Brown-Forman’s results over the past several years, a trend which has continued into fiscal 2002.
than two decades of global financial
and operational experience in the energy and technology fields and has served as chief financial officer and a member of the executive teams of four large divisions of Fortune 100 companies. She joins Brown-Forman from Motorola subsidiary Propel, Inc. Prior to that, Phoebe enjoyed a long career with the Atlantic Richfield Company.
Two other Brown-Forman executives earned noteworthy promotions during
the year. Michael V. Cheek was named executive vice president of BFBW and president of Brown-Forman's new Global Spirits Group, and Thomas P. Burnet, president of the company's Wine Group, also was named executive vice president of BFBW.
I thank all of our employees, our shareholders, and our many business partners and associates throughout the world for your help in making fiscal 2001 a very profitable and successful year.
Sincerely yours,
Owsley Brown II
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer June 21, 2001
 It is my pleasure to remind you that William M. Street was elected president of Brown-Forman Corporation last fall. His day-to-day activities include his responsibilities as president and CEO
of Brown-Forman Beverages Worldwide (BFBW). Bill's leadership of BFBW since its formation in 1994 has been truly exemplary. In addition, he is a superb counselor, not only to me, but to many
in our company, and his election as president of the corporation gives fuller recognition to the pivotal leadership role he plays in the company's continuing growth and prosperity.
   A new leader joined the company last year, as Phoebe A. Wood became our chief financial officer. She has more
3
