 dear fellow shareholders:
As the world slowly recovers from the economic crisis, General Cable is ON course with its strategy, ON track with its performance and ON point with its products. We are strong and getting stronger, steadily enhancing our position to benefit as global investment in infrastructure and much- needed upgrades resumes.
General Cable annual report 1

 general cable — shareholder letter
General Cable showed its strength in the face of economic and industry challenges during 2010. We delivered solid financial results. We maintained a strong balance sheet. More importantly, we continued to build for the future.
The year 2010 was a period of persistent challenges and enormous volatility. While improvement in the global economy looked promising in the spring, it was followed by a summer lull that left many wondering if we were heading back into recession. Then, in the latter part of 2010, indicators on balance grew more positive, suggesting a return to economic growth. At the same time, the three-year trend of extremely volatile copper and aluminum prices continued, climbing to new peak levels at the end of the year. Despite relatively weak end market demand in much of the world, copper prices have easily exceeded the $4.08 per pound record established in 2008.
With this as a backdrop, General Cable delivered solid financial results and maintained its strong balance sheet, supporting the working capital investment needed to compete in a high-metal-price environment with rising sales volumes. We also continued to build our business for the future through a number of strategic acquisitions and partnerships, greenfield projects and contract wins.
SignS of a gradual recovery
Even with the lull, our businesses gained momentum throughout the year as a result of our presence and scale in faster-growing emerging markets, our consistent execution, and our broad and growing product range. Over the second half of 2010, demand improved approximately 15 percent versus the first half of the year. This improvement was principally the result of stabilizing and increasing demand in many North American markets, as well as the ongoing strength of investment in electrical infrastructure, construction and mining in emerging markets like Brazil, Chile, Peru and Zambia, along with our growing business in Mexico. In Europe, the economic recovery continued to lag our other two segments. However, there were early signs of
2 General Cable annual report

 stabilization in some of our end markets in the region as we continued to generate solid momentum in our submarine energy and terrestrial underground high-voltage businesses.
Excess industry capacity throughout the year led to an intensely competitive pricing environment in nearly all of our end markets. In addition, demand forecasting remained difficult as a result of the extreme volatility of metals, particularly copper, which traded as low as $2.76 per pound and as high as $4.43 per pound during the year. There was—and remains—a great deal of uncertainty surrounding the timing of passing through high and volatile commodity costs including metals, compounds and steel, particularly in the portion of our business processed though our distribution sales channel.
Despite these challenges, our results in 2010 proved that the years of Lean Six Sigma initiatives, continuous improvement, product and geographic diversification, commitment to high quality standards, and dedication to excellence have built a strong, sustainable operating model. General Cable is functioning as One Company through the seamless sharing of best practices and resources, within and across its geographies in all functional areas, including safety, technology and manufacturing.
 300
290
280
270
260
250
240
230
220
210 l 200 l
2008
H
l
$5.0 $4.5 $4.0 $3.5 $3.0 $2.5 $2.0 $1.5 $1.0
                   H
                H
                                                08 08 08 08 09 09 09 09 10 10 10 10 q1 q2 q3 q4 q1 q2 q3 q4 q1 q2 q3 q4
Metal pounds sold by quarter
(in millions)
2009
2010
copper price coMex daily close
(in dollars)
General Cable annual report 3

 general cable — shareholder letter
While there is a long way to go with regard to net value-added pricing for the industry, we are encouraged by the improvement in demand and the slight uptick in capacity utilization rates experienced during the course of the year. We continue to see many opportunities to leverage the strength of our One Company philosophy across our global network, which includes 47 manufacturing facilities in 25 countries and a sales presence
in many more.
Solid reSultS in 2010
In the face of the persistent challenges of 2010, the company delivered solid results:
- Enhanced one of the best safety records in the industry, with recordable incidents decreasing
by 44% in 2010
- Grew reported operating income by 24%, or $42 million, to $222 million; increased adjusted earnings
per share‡ by 25%, or $0.46, to $2.34
- Maintained a strong balance sheet and financial flexibility with more than $1.3 billion in global
liquidity at year end; improved leverage ratio and net interest coverage ratio
- Experienced improved demand across Rest of World, marked by three quarters of sequential volume
growth in terms of metal pounds sold
- Observed improving fundamentals in North America, including strong demand for transmission
products over the second half of the year
- Won a significant high-voltage offshore wind project in the Baltic Sea valued at 195 million euros or
$270 million at current exchange rates
- Received an INDUSTRYWEEK Best Plant Award at our manufacturing plant in Franklin, Massachusetts
- Earned recognition by FORTUNE magazine as one of the 500 Largest U.S. Corporations
Shareholders were rewarded in the equity markets for these solid results. The value of the company’s common stock increased 19% for the year. A significant portion of this appreciation came in the latter half of the year as demand in many of our end markets continued to improve.
4 General Cable annual report

 the progreSS of our plan
1998
revenues
98%
global reach
2010
revenues
37% of revenues generated in North America
18 Manufacturing facilities
revenue by product line
3 countries
40% Communications
37% Construction
23% Electric Infrastructure
47 Manufacturing facilities
revenue by product line
25 countries
31% Electric Utility
28% Electric Infrastructure 24% Construction
12% Communications
05% Rod Mill Products
of revenues generated in North America
rgelvoebnaulerseach
General Cable annual report 5

 general cable — shareholder letter
on track with our long-term Strategic plan
Even though the severity of this economic downturn has been much worse than we experienced in the last economic cycle, we have continued to build for the future. Consistent with our strategy, we remained focused on markets with long-term growth drivers for our business, including increasing population and a growing middle class, as well as infrastructure investment in renewable energy, energy security and independence, and communications network development.
In 2010, we invested in a number of strategic locations worldwide, further enhancing our geographic diversi- fication and presence in important emerging markets such as Peru, Mexico, India, Pakistan, Oman, Zambia, South Africa and Egypt. These countries together represent a population of more than 1.5 billion people and approximately 10% of annual global wire and cable demand.
Also during the year, we expanded our transportation and industrial harness business and introduced a
line of halogen-free designs for some of our data communication, fiber optic and electronic cables called
17 FREETM, a truly “green” product offering. At the same time, we realigned our go-to-market structure in Europe through the integration of the functional capabilities of our operating units in the region, leveraging our manufacturing, engineering and project management expertise in submarine energy and terrestrial under- ground high-voltage markets.
These actions represent important steps as we invest in long-term growth opportunities in emerging economies and continue to expand our product portfolio. Today, approximately 35% of our revenues are generated in
 30% United States 09% France
8% Spain
07% Brazil
07% Canada 03% Venezuela 03% Thailand 03% South Africa
02% Portugal 02% Algeria 02% Germany 02% Australia 02% Philippines 02% Mexico 18% All Other
   6 General Cable annual report
2010 revenue by country

 emerging markets, which are generally expected to grow in aggregate at a rate more than two times as fast as developed economies. Coupled with our strong balance sheet, this increasing exposure to emerging markets allows us to be patient as market conditions in developed economies continue to improve. Despite a projected slow-growth recovery cycle in developed markets over the long term, we are well positioned to capture high value-added opportunities in growth markets such as solar, terrestrial and offshore wind, high speed data transfer, broadcasting, and oil and gas.
changeS in the management team and Board
Earlier this year we announced a management change in our European and Mediterranean region. The transi- tion is now complete with the retirement of Domingo Goenaga as Executive Vice President, President and Chief Executive Officer, Europe and Mediterranean. We would like to thank Domingo for his more than 45 years of service in the wire and cable industry with General Cable. His leadership, vision and demonstrated results have helped us build the company we are today.
In turn, we would like to welcome his successor, Emmanuel Sabonnadière, as our new leader in our Europe and Mediterranean region and as a member of our Operating Committee. Emmanuel’s twenty-plus years of senior management experience in the energy transmission and distribution sector nicely complements our senior management team.
We also announced the appointment of Mr. Charles “Chip” G. McClure, Jr. and Mr. Patrick M. Prevost to serve as independent directors of the company, expanding the Board of Directors to seven members. Chip and Patrick bring a deep understanding of industrial markets, a record of achievement in international business and a reputation for sound judgment and strong leadership skills that will benefit both General Cable and its shareholders. We are pleased and fortunate to have Chip and Patrick as members of the Board.
General Cable annual report 7

 general cable — shareholder letter
at general caBle, the power iS on
We are One Company, committed to generating innovative solutions with ever-increasing speed and agility. We have a solid foundation rooted in more than 11,000 associates dedicated to getting better each day at anticipating, meeting and exceeding an always-changing set of customer expectations. We share a strong cultural fabric committed to excellence in all we do.
These are just a few of the attributes that enabled us to achieve such solid results in 2010. Equally important are the opportunities we have created along the way. As we look forward, we are excited about our diversified global position and the expected investment in infrastructure around the world. We continue to measure our financial success over the economic cycle in terms of return on investment. In addition, we are always striving to improve our net working capital as a percentage of revenues.
We want to thank our associates, shareholders and Board of Directors for their ongoing commitment to General Cable. We believe their tireless efforts make our future more promising every day. This is the power of General Cable—and that power is on. We are especially grateful to our customers, channel partners and suppliers for their sustaining commitment to General Cable.
We look forward to recapping our achievements in 2011. Sincerely,
gregory b. kenny
President and Chief Executive Officer
john e. welsh, iii
Nonexecutive Chairman
    8 General Cable annual report
