Selected Financial Highlights
Ongoing Businesses Only
($ in millions except per share data)
Net Sales $ Operating Income $ Operating Margin
Net Income $ Earnings per Common Share $ Earnings per Common Share – Assuming Dilution $ Capital Spending $ Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding
Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding – Assuming Dilution
2400   150 2000   125 1600   100 1200   75
800   50 400   25
2000
1999 1,719.4 104.1 6.1% 43.3 1.21 1.21 77.3 35.9 35.9
Change
35%
30% -0.2 pts. 8% 15% 15% -49% -6% -6%
90 75 60 45 30 15
 2,314.4 135.8 5.9% 46.8 1.39 1.39 39.6 33.6 33.6
$ $
$ $ $ $
                                                         000
Net Sales Operating Income Net Income
(IN MILLIONS OF DOLLARS) (IN MILLIONS OF DOLLARS) (IN MILLIONS OF DOLLARS)
General Cable (NYSE: BGC), headquartered in Highland Heights, Kentucky, is a leader in the development, design, manufacture, marketing and distribution of copper, aluminum and fiber optic wire and cable products for the communications, electrical and energy markets. The Company offers competitive strengths in such areas as breadth of product line, brand recognition, distribution and logistics, sales and service and operating efficiency. Communications wire and cable products transmit low-voltage signals for voice, data, video and control applications. Electrical wire and cable products conduct electrical current for industrial, commercial and residential power and control applications. Energy cables include low-, medium- and high-voltage power distribution and power transmission products.
Letter from Management
Each year, we approach this letter with the same basic question: How do we best use this opportunity to enhance the reader’s understanding and appreciation of the expanding value of General Cable – whether that reader is our shareholder, our customer, a supplier or one of our own associates?
In all, 2000 was a year of solid accomplishment.
Summarizing 2000 operating highlights and financial performance is a tradi- tional and always helpful approach but, if we are communicating effectively (and you tell us we are), that information is already well disseminated through our quarterly earnings and event-driven press releases and conferences, as well as contained in the 10-K included at the back of this report. So let a brief financial snapshot of our ongoing businesses suffice here:
• 2000 sales reached a record $2.31 billion, up 35% over 1999
• Operating income grew 30% to an all-time-high of $135.8 million
• Earnings per share increased 15%
• We divested most of our non-performing businesses – which generated $383
million in revenue but $96 million in operating losses in 2000 – to Pirelli Cavi e Sistemi, S.p.A. of Milan, Italy in August 2000 after protracted European Union regulatory reviews. We used the initial proceeds of $180 million to pay down debt.
• We purchased a modern, high performance telecommunications plant in Tetla, Tlaxcala, Mexico from AXA, S.A. de C.V. for $23 million in September. From day one, the Tetla facility added much needed capacity, accretive earnings and access to new markets in Mexico and Central and South America.
 1997
1998
1999
2000
1997 1998 1999 2000
1997 1998 1999 2000

Lean thinking and mastery of e-business are preparing General Cable for tomorrow’s success.
We could use this letter to give insight to the important cultural initiatives driving General Cable’s results – the lean thinking juggernaut sweeping through our Company and our e-business-enabled supply chain breakthroughs with key customers. But here we believe the proof is truly in the pudding. And since our customers, suppliers and associates already know the effectiveness of these actions and the impact of these accomplishments, we will again provide only
a brief summary here:
• 2000 productivity of 4.8% for our North American operations gave us $46
million in cost savings – most of it from lean projects that required little, if
any, capital investment
• Working capital turnover was up 8%
• First-pass fill rates rose more than 600 basis points
• Free cash flow was $46 million
• Sales to our top 20 customers increased 22% for our sixth consecutive year
of greater than 20% compound growth with this elite group
We believe we can continue to improve our financial performance because we
see the future rich with opportunities and our Company strengthened to capitalize on them.
We could use this letter to freshen our view of the near- and long-term future and to reaffirm our vision and plans. In this, we hope you find this brief capsule of General Cable’s perspective particularly interesting because of our broad participation in almost every segment of the North American, European and Oceania economies. Here is our forward view at the end of first quarter 2001:
• We see a robust and remarkably resilient market for communications cables
and energy cables despite the obvious impact of the slowing U.S. economy. We see the market for industrial and specialty electrical cables flat to down 5% to 10% through at least mid-year, with possible strengthening in the third and fourth quarters. We see the market for general construction elec- trical cables also flat to down, with the likelihood that it will remain soft through the balance of the year.
• Consolidation among manufacturers, distributors, retailers, telecommunica- tions providers and energy utilities continues to create fresh opportunities for General Cable that go right to the “sweet spot” of our Power of One strategy, enhancing our position in markets where demand is already strong and sub- stantially mitigating the softness in certain other market segments.
• In March, we sold our non-core Pyrotenax electrical cables business to Raychem HTS, a unit of Tyco International, Ltd., for $60 million. The trans- action shifts our product balance more heavily toward our core, higher growth and more profitable segments and gives us the funds to further reduce our debt – both contributing significantly to increasing shareholder value.
This year, our reflection on this letter takes us here – the last 18 months have been a period of profound change for General Cable. The “new” Company created by strategic acquisitions and divestitures is not yet well understood, so this letter can best be used to describe with clarity who and what we are today.
When we acquired BICC Energy Cables in June 1999, we had several strategic objectives in mind:
• Become a one-stop source for virtually every wire and cable need in North
America and thus become more important to the best customers in the market
• Position the company in the electrical utility and power generation indus-
tries – areas of emerging opportunity
• Gain a sustainable position in the global marketplace, enabling General
Cable to support worldwide projects and customers
• Substantially improve the Company’s position in value-engineered specialty
products
• Reduce the Company’s reliance on relatively undifferentiated products such
as building wire
We are pleased to say that General Cable has accomplished all of these objectives. While 2000 was difficult financially as we pared and sold non-strategic BICC assets, the now fully integrated remaining BICC properties produced 6% operating margins in 2000 – up sharply from 1999 – on roughly $1 billion in revenues. Our cost basis for these businesses is less than $200 million – well below the historical book value.
 
 Today, General Cable is a world leader in communications cables, the basic infrastructure of the information age. In 2000, in our ongoing businesses, we grew communications revenues 21% and operating profits 12% by doing three things exceptionally well – advancing the technology of broadband net- working cables, deepening our mastery of supply chain logistics and driving manufacturing productivity to improve an already low-cost competitive position.
As a result, we strengthened our share with the local loop providers in North America – the area of hottest and most predictable growth across the communi- cations landscape. We also launched the production of broadband networking cables in Europe in collaboration with one of the leading connectivity companies in the world and we extended our reach into Mexico and Central and South America with our Tetla acquisition.
We enter 2001 well positioned for another year of double-digit sales
growth and margin expansion – armed with communications cables manufacturing in 10 plants around the world and with important, new long-term supply agree- ments that bring us additional Power of One opportunities.
General Cable also is a global leader in electrical cables, the power behind the industrial infrastructure and construction markets. In 2000, we increased revenues from our ongoing electrical businesses 25% and operating profits 10%.
The BICC acquisition substantially strengthened and rounded out our
®
portfolio of specialty electrical products. With it came the Anaconda, Brand Rex
®®®
and BICC Brands, nicely complementing our Carol and Romex Brands, giving
us five of the leading names in North America. These products have strong specification position with end users and they make money for our distributors. We have seen these products pull through the full range of General Cable’s traditional electrical products, as well as build business with customers and distributors with whom the Company has not historically had a close relationship. Today, our specialty and industrial cables business is a fully integrated part of General Cable and is equal in size to our building wire business – each about
 $400 million to $500 million. Applications are as diverse as factory-floor automation, space-station communications and control, and environmentally rugged cables for the oil, gas and petrochemical industries.
Looking specifically at building wire, while we have not yet found a solution to poor fundamentals, we have substantially reduced the capital employed in this business, as well as further reduced our break-even point.
We recently were named Supplier of the Year by one of the country’s largest electrical distributors for our efforts in reducing transaction costs in building wire and other products and dramatically increasing fill rates. The Company continues to evaluate every alternative to improve this business, which now constitutes only about 20% of overall revenues.
Finally, General Cable is a worldwide supplier of energy cables used in the generation, transmission and distribution of electrical power. The energy cables business we acquired in mid-1999 now generates approximately $550 million in annual revenues. Compared with a proforma full-year 1999 that includes the pre-acquisition period, 2000 sales in this business were up 7.5%, and 2000 operating profits increased almost 50% to slightly less than $45 million.
In 2000, the promise we saw in the electrical utility and power generation industry took shape. During 2000 and early 2001, we won the largest con- tracts ever awarded in the industry, signing multimillion-dollar agreements with two major electrical utility companies. Our full product range, expertise in logistics and cable management and e-business capabilities, as well as
our proven record of reducing our customers’ total transaction costs year over year, were pivotal in securing these awards, as utilities seek to reduce their capital employed and focus on their core competency – power generation and distribution.
Well documented power generation shortages, inadequate transmission and distribution capabilities and the need to upgrade the power distribution grid – particularly in major cities – cause us to be optimistic about continued growth in our energy cables business.

 