                                        TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
After several very tough years, all indicators improved simultaneously for your Company in 2004. Demand for General Cable products accelerated, we boosted capacity utilization and further increased our pro- ductivity. Our revenues and operating income increased from 2003, as did the price of our common shares and earnings per share.
2004 Financial Performance
Building on the recovery that began in late 2003, General Cable increased revenues 12% to $2.0 billion on a metal-adjusted basis. All product segments and markets improved.
International demand, which accounts for 35% of worldwide revenues, was up 23% on a metal-adjusted basis. Although exchange rates helped us by 3%, we were very pleased to see broad-based growth in volume.
• In our Asia-Pacific region, revenues increased 7% on a metal-adjusted basis. General Cable is now recognized as a leader throughout the Pacific Islands, Australia and New Zealand, and is now touching Southeast Asia.
• In Europe, we enjoyed the benefits of our early movement into high- performance zero halogen cabling as Spain fully adopted standards for these cables during the year. We also continued to build our customer base among home centers, as well as utilities throughout Western Europe. At the same time, our operations in Portugal improved substantially as we achieved meaningful synergies with our Spanish-based business.

                                        • In Africa and South America, General Cable’s small but growing opera- tions posted higher sales on the heels of an improved Angolan economy and increased spending on the electrical grid in Brazil.
After several years of decline, North American revenues improved sharply, increasing 7% on a metal-adjusted basis. We remained focused on our three key segments—energy, industrial and specialty, and communications.
• Electric utilities began to invest in infrastructure again, reflecting healthier balance sheets, a return to core activities and a more favorable regulatory environment at the local level.
• Industrial and infrastructure spending also advanced, signaling the reversal of an estimated 70% peak-to-trough decline in the last cycle, which topped out in the mid-1990s, then bottomed in 2002 and remained there through 2003.
• Communications end-markets continued to languish. Demand from tele- communication companies moved sideways, and spending on Local Area Network cabling upgrades remained lackluster. Nevertheless, we grew our communications segment 7% on a metal-adjusted basis as a number of competitors exited a very difficult market.
• A strong sales and product development focus on niche segments such as electronics, automotive aftermarket and flexible cables and harnesses also drove our business, as did a strong contribution from Canada.
Although adjusted earnings per share nearly doubled and our stock price appreciated 70%, we were unable to fully capture all the benefits of recovering volumes in our markets and continuing productivity in our operations. In North America, operating margins were 25% to 33% of the results we obtained in the last peak and less than 50% of the level we are achieving internationally. Costs for aluminum and copper conductor, insulating compounds, steel, reels and transportation soared nearly $300 million during the year. The effects of infla- tion were particularly acute in North America. Our ability to offset sharply rising prices on a timely basis lagged, but clearly improved as the year progressed.

                                        Operational Highlights
Our financial results demonstrate the power of General Cable’s business model and ability to execute in a demanding market. They also reflect our success in further strengthening our foundation and extending our reach.
FORMED STRATEGIC ALLIANCES.
We partnered with Panduit, a world leader in network and electrical connectivity solutions, and introduced PanGen Structured Cabling Solutions, which will meet diverse network infrastructure requirements. This partnership doubles our served market, giving General Cable direct access to both the closed and open archi- tecture segments of the Local Area Networking business.
We also strengthened our utility product offering by entering into an agreement with Composite Technology Corporation to act as its exclusive manufacturer of innovative aerial high-density energy transmission cables in the United States and Canada.
Additionally, we formed an alliance with Kerpen, a German manufacturer and worldwide leader of instrumentation cables. This relationship will create new opportunities for joint business development of petrochemical projects.
We also entered into a number of significant private label agreements with wire and cable manufacturers. These arrangements leverage our core skills and improve return on capital employed.
INTENSIFIED OUR DRIVE TO BE THE LOW COST PROVIDER.
We continued to invest in Lean Six Sigma programs. We now have 50 Blackbelts and 148 Greenbelts trained in North America. Their skills and diligence helped deliver net productivity of $23 million, improve total inventory turns by 0.2 to 5.6 turns, lower quality defects 53% and reduce gross scrap rates 30 basis points.
We accelerated expansion of Lean Six Sigma programs globally and already are seeing improved throughput and total quality in Europe. In 2005, we expect further benefits from this ongoing work in Europe, as well as in the Asia-Pacific region, where Lean Six Sigma is just getting underway.

                                        Additionally, in our industrial and specialty cable business, we successfully completed the plant rationalization work we started during the fourth quarter of 2003. We achieved our targeted savings at substantially less cost than budgeted.
IMPROVED OUR ALREADY EXEMPLARY WORKPLACE.
Our North American operations team delivered an OSHA recordable incident rate of 2.2, an 18% improvement over 2003 and 33% of the most recently published industry average. The OSHA Recordable Incident Rate is a key safety performance measure, and our outstanding results show our commitment to manufacturing excellence not only focuses on cost reduction, but also includes ensuring a safe and accident-free working environment for our associates.
BROUGHT ADDITIONAL PERSPECTIVE TO THE BOARD.
During the fourth quarter 2004, we announced the retirement of Jeffrey Noddle from the General Cable Board of Directors. That move followed the addition of Craig Omtvedt to the Board in August. Craig, Chief Financial Officer of Fortune Brands, already has built a strong understanding of our markets and business model. As chairman of our audit committee, he will play an important role in the implementation of best practices across our finance and accounting functions, as well as in developing our global finance team.
On The Horizon
In 2005, we will remain focused on receiving fair value for our products and services, improving return on invested capital and expanding our geographic footprint. We continue to see the potential for strong operating leverage, particularly in North America. In addition, we intend to build on our franchises in product areas that we expect will grow at a faster rate than the market average.
• We believe the energy segment represents our greatest long-term growth prospects—from exploration and production to transmission and distribution. We will continue to pursue strategic opportunities to broaden our presence worldwide, as well as build specific capabilities in extra high-voltage systems.

                                        • We have identified a number of global opportunities in specialty products such as electronic and automotive aftermarket cables and will pursue those that bring value to our shareholders.
• We will continue to build our overall market presence in developing countries, leveraging our brands, technology and operating systems.
• We will make significant headway in the turnaround and eventual market leadership of our North American data and industrial businesses.
• Inflationary pressure continues unabated. Our objective remains the immediate pass-through of these accelerating costs wherever possible.
Energized
General Cable, a global company, is emerging as one of the strongest leaders in a reinvigorated industry. Important strategic decisions undertaken a number of years ago—including our One Company customer and supplier focus, integrated IT systems, product and geographic diversity and an investment in a culture of continuous improvement—have positioned us to benefit from the recovery that is well underway.
As we enter a new year and face new challenges, we want to thank our loyal customers, dedicated associates and experienced management team for their continuing support, bold dreams and clear vision of an even brighter future.
GREGORY B. KENNY JOHN E. WELSH, III
President and Chief Executive Officer Nonexecutive Chairman
  