2 Dear Fellow Shareholders:
 THE COVER OF OUR 2015 ANNUAL REPORT ANNOUNCED, “OUR TRANSFORMATION STARTS NOW.” THIS BOLD STATEMENT MARKED THE BEGINNING OF A PERIOD OF RAPID, ALL-ENCOMPASSING CHANGE ACROSS OUR COMPANY GUIDED BY OUR STRATEGIC ROADMAP. ONE YEAR INTO THE PLAN’S EXECUTION, WE ARE ON TRACK WITH OUR ROADMAP INITIATIVES.
Our team members are doing an excellent job of implementing our four-point strategic roadmap to fundamentally change how we operate our Company. Our progress in the first year is substantial in many areas, and we are just now beginning to see the results. A few highlights:
I. FOCUSING AND OPTIMIZING OUR PORTFOLIO
We have rigorously assessed all of our businesses against criteria that include market position, growth potential, scale and the ability to achieve key financial
targets. We are reshaping our business portfolio to focus on markets with favorable long-term fundamentals where we have strong competitive advantages, primarily our electric utility, communications and industrial businesses.
We made significant progress in 2016, selling or exiting businesses that do not fit our strategy. We completed the sales of our India, Egypt, Zambia and Venezuela operations, and our North American
and Brazilian automotive ignition wire businesses. We also exited our South Africa and Australia operations and our Pakistan investment, as well as certain low-value-add products and markets
in Europe.
We are a more focused, simplified
Company today. As a result, we are more agile in the marketplace, more efficient
in capital allocation and more intensively focused on transforming our core businesses.
  Focusing and Optimizing Our Portfolio
Structure and align our businesses with an external focus on markets and customers rather than regions and product lines.
General Cable ANNUALREPORT2016

II. ACHIEVING INDUSTRY-LEADING COST
AND EFFICIENCY We are streamlining
and optimizing our manufacturing network and leveraging our scale within key global supply chain processes. In 2016, we launched projects in nearly half our manufacturing operations to create focused, efficient
sites with substantial operating scale.
For example, at our Marshall, Texas facility, we are consolidating operations to drive scale in our North American electric utility business. We are moving closer to our optimal footprint in each region.
In our supply chain, we implemented a global, center-led procurement organization that is beginning to leverage our scale and best-in-class procurement strategies to improve purchasing efficiencies and lower costs. We are also capitalizing on our scale by implementing a region-wide logistics management system in North America to replace manual and disaggregated
processes, improving customer service and reducing costs.
We are on a path to becoming one of the most efficient companies in our industry.
We began to see positive results as 2016 came to a close, and we expect to accelerate our cost savings as we complete these key roadmap initiatives in 2017 and 2018.
III. DRIVING GROWTH THROUGH INNOVATION
We are working to strengthen and differentiate our product and service offerings in three ways to accelerate profitable growth:
» Fully capitalize on our strengths in operating scale and breadth of product lines to optimize and grow our positions in the channels-to-market that we already serve.
» Improve and adapt our go-to-market service model to better meet the industry’s evolving needs towards end-to-end supply chain optimization.
Achieving Industry-Leading Cost and Efficiency Position
Drive leading cost efficiency through strategic investments in manufacturing and supply, procurement and the application of Lean principles.
3
      
4
 » Leverage our considerable expertise in surface and material science and product and application engineering. Our primary focus: creating innovative, differentiated product solutions to meet our customer and market needs for the safe, efficient and effective transport of electrical power and data in our electric utility, communications and industrial businesses. Our TransPowr® overhead conductor with E3X® technology is just one example of how we are
using surface and material science to revolutionize the transportation of electrical power. We were recently recognized as a 2017 Award Winner by the internationally renowned Edison AwardsTM for our patented game-changing E3X technology.
To drive value from these capabilities, we are implementing a number of targeted, market- and customer-focused growth initiatives from our roadmap. As we implement these initiatives in 2017 and
2018, we expect to achieve sustainable, profitable, above-market growth rates, particularly in faster-growth market segments across our regions such as data communications, renewable energy and European grid integration.
IV. CULTIVATING A HIGH-PERFORMANCE CULTURE
In the end, it is people, and not plans, that drive transformation. We are already seeing tangible results in employee engagement, net promoter scores and other cultural measures. Our team members are seeing
a real difference in how they are interacting, communicating and collaborating to achieve successful results and outcomes.
It starts with a shared set of values and behaviors that will enable us to be one
of the best-performing wire and cable companies in the industry and a fulfilling place to work. We took a true grass-roots approach to developing our values and behaviors so that every employee feels
  Driving Growth Through Innovation
Optimize our portfolio by focusing on innovation and investing in areas of strength in order to accelerate growth.
General Cable ANNUALREPORT2016

5
 ownership and a connection to them. Our new culture is further supported by aligned incentives and a strong sense of ownership of our results. Culture change is a journey, and we’re pleased with our progress in the first year.
Strategic progress in the face of headwinds
We began General Cable’s transformation during a time of uneven industry end-market forces worldwide. While demand in North America for electric utility and construction cables was favorable, the impact of these trends was more than offset by the declines in our specialty businesses, including oil and gas, as well as softness in the market for industrial cables.
In Europe, robust demand for our terrestrial turnkey project business was more than offset by the easing performance of our subsea turnkey project business, which
entered a cyclical low at the end of the year as we completed several large multi-year projects in 2016. In Latin America, demand conditions across the region have weakened over the past two years, particularly in Brazil, more than offsetting the restructuring work we completed in Brazil, Colombia and Central America during the past year.
We dealt with these headwinds at the same time we were implementing a massive amount of complex, transformative change across our Company. In the face of these challenges, I am very pleased to report solid financial results for 2016, particularly in North America, which was a primary focus of our strategic roadmap in the first year. By the fourth quarter, we
saw stabilization in the headwinds on our businesses in all regions. We expect meaningful performance improvement over the course of 2017 and accelerating into 2018, as we complete and capture the results of key initiatives from our roadmap.
  Cultivating a High-Performance Culture
Create a high-performance culture with a consistent set of values and behaviors across our global organization.

6
 We generated $155 million of operating cash flow and we reduced our net debt by $130 million compared with the previous year. With the completion of the sale of our operations in India, Egypt, Zambia and Venezuela and our investment in Pakistan, as well as the sale of our
North American and Brazilian ignition wire businesses, we generated proceeds of $280 million through 2016, including businesses previously sold under our divestiture program. We expect to make continued progress in the coming year.
We were also pleased that late in 2016 we resolved our legacy investigations under the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA). Over the last two years, we have invested substantial resources and time to implement a world-class compliance program, which has made us a stronger Company.
Strengthening leadership
We recruited a number of talented, proven leaders to refresh our executive team in 2016, welcoming a new Chief Financial Officer, a new Chief Human Resources
Officer, a dedicated leader for our Latin American business and, in early 2017,
new leaders for our North American and European businesses, among a number of others. These leaders bring deep operating experience and best-in-class practices that will help our talented organization move to the next level.
At the same time, we have renewed our talent management processes to help all of our people grow and develop in their roles.
In the high-performance culture we are cultivating, everyone in the Company can
and should be a leader in his or her own way, engaging and inspiring others through the right attitude and actions. This is key to the new General Cable we’re building.
On our way to an exciting future for General Cable
We met or surpassed the majority of our first-year goals in the strategic roadmap. Over the next year, we will continue to build upon our momentum. In 2017, we plan to complete many of the initiatives we began in 2016, and we expect to start seeing
General Cable ANNUALREPORT2016

7
 significantly improved performance results across our business.
It has been gratifying to see how much people can achieve in the right environment. We believe many here at General Cable would tell you we’ve accomplished more together
in a short time than they ever thought we could. But we are not surprised. This is a spirited, highly motivated group— all 10,830 of us—with a strong will to succeed. We
know our many 2016 achievements are
just the beginning.
We want to thank our team members, our customers and supplier partners, and our shareholders for their continued support and confidence as we complete the first year of our transformation and look forward to the second.
We have the right plan and the right people. We’re on track with our key initiatives, and we are more confident than ever of our future success. There’s still a lot of work to do, but we are on our way. It’s an exciting time for General Cable and our shareholders!
MICHAEL T. MCDONNELL
President and Chief Executive Officer
JOHN E. WELSH, III Non-Executive Chairman
    