                To Our Shareholders
We are extremely pleased that General Cable was able to deliver exceptional value for our shareholders in 2005. This success builds on a solid performance in 2004 and a focused effort to take advantage of the recovery in our end markets that began in late 2003. Metal-adjusted revenues topped $2.4 billion in 2005–a 10% increase–and adjusted operating income grew by $48 million. We achieved these results despite more than $250 million in raw material infla- tion, driven in particular by the metal and petrochemical markets. We were able to mitigate these raw material price increases, as well as wage and medical benefit inflation, through aggressive cost recovery in the market, Lean Six Sigma proficiency programs and other cost containment initiatives.
Our accomplishments reflect the execution of the strategy for 2005 that we outlined in our 2004 letter to shareholders. In the following pages, we examine in detail the progress we made against those objectives. We conclude with a look ahead into 2006 and beyond.
10

                 General Cable Corporation Share Price
 $20 $10 $0
   12/03 12/04 12/05
CAPITALIZING ON GLOBAL TRENDS IN ENERGY
In our 2004 shareholder letter, we said that the energy segment of our business represented “our greatest long- term growth prospects–from exploration and production to transmission and distribution.” At the same time, we committed to “pursue strategic opportunities to broaden our presence worldwide, as well as build specific capabili- ties in extra high-voltage systems.”
Our energy segment revenues in 2005 increased 13% on a metal-adjusted basis, with each of our three geographic regions generating double-digit growth. Globally, we continued to see a strong trend in demand for medium- voltage cabling to reinforce the power distribution grid. Intensified demand, coupled with improved raw material
price recovery, resulted in energy segment operating earn- ings of $66 million, an increase of 65%.
In December 2005, we completed the purchase of Silec Cable from Safran SA. This business has some of the most advanced high-voltage technology in the industry and immediately places General Cable at the forefront of the global high-voltage and extra high-voltage underground energy cable, connector and systems engineering market. Silec has completed demanding and complex projects up to 500kV around the globe and is a market leader in both North America and Asia. It has a strong broad-based posi- tion in its home market of France, as well as an important position in Western Europe for low- and medium-voltage cabling systems linked to energy infrastructure.
 Energy Segment Net Sales–Metal Adjusted
(in millions)
 $900
$775
$650
   2003 2004 2005
11

                AUGMENTING SPECIALTY GROWTH THROUGH ACQUISITION
We also stated in our 2004 letter that we had identified and would pursue several global acquisition opportunities “in specialty products such as electronic and automotive aftermarket cables.” During 2005, we made substantial progress toward this objective.
In January, we completed a small but strategic automotive aftermarket joint venture in Turkey. This alliance gives us a low-cost, low-risk way to establish a foothold in the region and an ideal base for expansion. In March, we acquired the Helix/HiTemp electronics and enterprise networking business from Draka Comteq. This addition solidifies our number two position in the opportunity-rich North American electronics cable market.
Then in December 2005, we completed the acquisition of Mexico-based Beru S.A. This business adds cost-competi- tive capacity to more effectively serve the Latin American ignition wire aftermarket and a stronger presence in Mexico, which is experiencing far faster growth in after- market ignition wire sets than the rest of North America. Beru also enables us to support our U.S. customers as they expand into the Mexican market.
REALIZING INDUSTRIAL POTENTIAL
Another major objective we set for 2005 was to “make sig- nificant headway in the turnaround and eventual market leadership of our North American data and industrial busi- nesses.” Although portions of these operations have been a drag on earnings and returns over the past several years,
Sales by Region (in millions)
  Asia-Pacific $61.5
Asia-Pacific $124.3
 Europe     Europe
$315.0
North America     North America
$1,275.1
Sales by Segment (in millions)
Energy     Energy
$521.8
Industrial & Specialty     Industrial & Specialty
$609.0
Communications     Communications
$682.0 $1,574.2
  2001 $1,651.6
2005 $2,380.5
  $849.6 $989.8
  12
$520.8
$541.1
2001 $1,651.6
2005 $2,380.5

                we recognize the long-term potential inherent in these platforms. In the past year, our industrial and specialty revenues rose 10% on a metal-adjusted basis, while oper- ating earnings increased 39%. Since 2003, this segment has achieved a $26 million improvement in annual operating earnings. Our management team has done an outstanding job of reducing our cost structure, focusing our product offering and simplifying our manufacturing processes. As a result, we have been able to take advantage of converging market dynamics.
Although we expect traditional energy sources to continue to satisfy the vast majority of world demand, alternatives are gaining attention and are likely to grow at much faster rates than in the past. Of particular interest is fresh activity in windfarm and other renewable energy-generation projects–areas in which General Cable has an established and growing position.
Broadly, the recovery of our North American industrial busi- ness remains on target. Improved operational performance in our factories continues to complement accelerated demand for application-specific industrial cables linked to infrastructure spending.
OPTIMIZING OUR COMMUNICATIONS BUSINESS
The 2005 rationalization of two General Cable facilities that manufactured copper telephone exchange cables and fiber optic premise cables removed excess capacity from the market and is now producing meaningful cost savings for the Company. In addition, sales of our data cables increased 20% during the year, as our partnership with Panduit built momentum. In late 2004, we jointly intro- duced a line of structured cabling solutions for network infrastructure applications. Together, we have more than 200 direct salespeople and engineers designing network solutions for the most intensive and demanding users of data communications in North America. In 2005, as we continued the PanGen system rollout, the Helix/HiTemp acquisition provided necessary capacity to help support our high-end Local Area Networking customers.
 Industrial & Specialty Operating Income
(in millions)
 $40
$30
$20
$10
$0
          2003 2004 2005
 Fundamentals indicating a significant increase in global electricity usage over the next quarter century are driving construction of new coal-fired and nuclear facilities for the first time in many years. On top of that, exploration for coal, natural gas and oil has been skyrocketing as the world’s energy producers have entered a cycle of enhanced invest- ment. General Cable is a recognized global leader in indus- trial power cables that perform in hazardous environments such as mines and offshore and onshore oilfields, as well as specialized cables for nuclear-generating stations and petrochemical plants.
13

                ACHIEVING CONTINUED GLOBAL EXPANSION
We have made significant strides toward our goal “to build our overall market presence in developing countries, lever- aging our brands, technology and operating systems.” In addition to the acquisitions and joint venture discussed earlier, in 2005 we further broadened our existing opera- tions in the developing world markets of Brazil, Angola and the Pacific Islands. We also advanced our push into the larger developing economies of China and India and are committed to establishing a local market presence.
LEVERAGING OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
We have increased the resources dedicated to expand- ing our research and product development. For example, in advance of the EU Directive, our Technology Team, in conjunction with our manufacturing engineers, rede- signed and introduced a full line of RoHS-compliant cord and electronic products. We also recently released new oil platform cables that facilitate use of more environmen- tally-friendly drilling compounds.
At the same time, we have stepped up efforts to derive further value from our existing technology portfolio. We have begun to identify and leverage important protected technology in both our newly acquired businesses and our historical patent portfolio.
ENHANCING OUR FINANCIAL STRENGTH
In 2005, we further improved the Company’s already strong financial position. As we mentioned earlier, metal-
adjusted revenues grew 10% to $2.4 billion, and adjusted operating income increased $48 million. This growth represents a 170 basis point operating margin increase despite more than $250 million in raw material inflation.
We also achieved an adjusted EBITDA of $157 million, a major indicator of financial strength and key benchmark for investors. Leverage, as measured by net debt to adjusted EBITDA, ended 2005 at 2.4 times. This included additional debt we incurred from the two acquisitions and General Cable preferred shares conversion complet- ed in the fourth quarter. Excluding these transactions, we would have reported leverage of approximately 1.8 times. Clearly, our information systems and Lean Six Sigma programs allowed us to offset higher working capital requirements resulting from increased sales volumes and higher raw material costs.
In addition to strong business processes, we have a record of successfully purchasing and integrating acquisitions and improving their economic utility. As a result, our return on capital employed, measured on an adjusted operating income basis, exceeded 16% in 2005 and con- tinues to improve.
 Return on Capital Employed
 20% 15% 10%
   2003 2004 2005
 14

                Our improving operating performance during the year allowed us to renegotiate our senior debt, convert most of our preferred stock into common stock and enter into a favorably priced Euro-based borrowing facility.
EMPOWERING OUR FUTURE
General Cable is a much stronger competitor today. We have global reach, scalability and a diverse market base with robust fundamentals. Our financial footing is firm, our operating systems allow us to function as one company regionally, and we have an embedded culture of continu- ous improvement.
Our goals for 2006 remain substantially the same as we articulated in our last shareholder letter. We are focused on developing and marketing higher value-added products and services, expanding geographically and improving our return on invested capital by concentrating on growth portions of our markets.
In 2006, we intend to capitalize on many avenues for growth, both organically and through acquisition. We also
GREGORY B. KENNY
President and Chief Executive Officer
plan to raise our energy infrastructure cabling profile by continuing to identify new products and services for this highly attractive market. This focus should enhance our competitive position and portfolio in developed countries reinvesting in enhanced grid connectivity and capacity, as well as developing countries building their networks for the first time.
Over the longer term, we believe the $96 billion global wire and cable industry will remain relatively unconsoli- dated and rich in opportunity. We have demonstrated our ability and willingness to acquire companies that require the skills and market understanding that General Cable can provide to enhance value and improve financial performance. We will continue to analyze candidates and, as appropriate, make accretive acquisitions to drive value for our shareholders.
Our vision for General Cable is ambitious. Our talented and motivated associates, world-class cost position and highly satisfied customers will make it possible.
JOHN E. WELSH, III
Nonexecutive Chairman
  15
