 To Our Shareholders
The events of September 11 created a saddened and more fragile America, but one re-engaged with the world and united as a people. General Cable, a multinational corporation with roots dating from the 1830s, is an important member of the global community. We recognize that the most trying times, those with the greatest uncertainty, bring both a test of character and the opportunity for momentous change. As the new CEO and the new Chairman of the Company, we are proud to lead and serve our 6,700 associates during this difficult period. We are all joined in a common purpose—to delight our customers and increase shareholder value.
In 2001, General Cable was challenged in many ways. Most notably, end-markets for our products were not kind. This was particularly true in North America, our largest geographic market, where estimated total demand declined an unprecedented 20% to 30%. However, we used this tough environment as a catalyst for opportunity. We think you will agree that in 2001, we acted quickly and with conviction in a number of areas, substantially strengthening our position in the industry.
Highlights of Our Year
In 2001, we dramatically reduced our debt and improved our business mix. The power of our business model also shone through.
• We released $175 million of cash from the sale or closure of nonperforming assets that strategically fit better elsewhere. Specifically, we sold our building wire business, exited the retail cordset business and divested our non-core Pyrotenax and Genca units.
• Despite a dramatic reduction in overall wire and cable demand, our sales fell only 5% on a metals-adjusted basis. This resiliency underscores the power of our value selling proposition, as well as our strategy of carefully targeting and partnering with the best and most successful customers in each of our sales channels.
• We concluded implementation of our asset redeployment strategy, which emphasizes longer selling-cycle, higher value-added businesses. We set this strategy in motion with the acquisition of BICC Energy Cables in mid-1999, culminating with the sale of our building wire assets in fall 2001. The BICC purchase gave us a leading worldwide

 position in energy cables, completed our North American industrial and specialty cable product line and enriched our entire Company through global scale and technology innovations. We quickly integrated the BICC assets into our operating model, leveraged our business platforms and divested all underperforming and non-core parts of the acquisition. Consequently, we were able to reap substantial financial benefits in a short time. In 2001, the retained BICC businesses contributed approximately 60% of our continuing operations revenues and more than half of
our profits. Overall, after adjusting for those divestitures, we paid only 3.1 times 2001 EBITDA—versus the industry average of 5 to 7 times—and about one-half of historical net book value for the BICC assets we continue to operate.
• In 2001, our earnings per share from continuing operations declined 30% from the prior year, which is in line with the S&P 500, but better than many companies in our hard-hit industry. We believe the market has recognized our Company’s strategic transformation. Despite the reduction in earnings, General Cable’s share price increased 196% for the year.
Future Prospects
General Cable is strategically and operationally strong as we enter 2002. Here are a few of the many reasons why we have never been more bullish on the Company’s long-term prospects.
Balanced, Attractive Product Mix. Today, General Cable offers customers a full range of industry-leading products in three categories critical to the global infrastruc- ture—energy, industrial and specialty, and communications. Each of these business segments generates roughly one-third of Company revenues and enjoys the number one or number two marketshare position.
In addition, more than 50% of our sales volume is under customer contracts. These relationships are characterized by longer selling cycles, higher engineering content and the opportunity to build sustained value through business-to-business integration.
Our Year in Review
MARCH
Divested Pyrotenax mineral insulated high-temperature cables unit for $60 million
MAY
Implemented $145 million receivables securitization to reduce interest expense
JUNE
Sold Genca extrusion tooling business for $8.7 million
 
 Diversified Geographic Reach. We earn approximately 75% of our revenues and income in North America, where we are an industry leader. General Cable also is a major participant in the Canadian market and now operates two factories in Mexico with an eye toward growing our share in Latin America.
In serving the European marketplace, we operate from a very efficient manufac- turing base in Iberia. Our 2001 operating income in that region grew 47% over the prior year, on an 8% increase in revenues, and we believe we are just beginning to mine opportunities there.
We restructured our Oceania operations in 2001 for cost leadership. The result: an approximate 30% increase in operating earnings. Adding to our marketing muscle in the region is our year-end acquisition of Brand-Rex Australia. This addition will allow us to greatly expand our communications product offerings and geographic coverage, as well as leverage our low-cost manufacturing base in New Zealand.
Productive, Lean Organization. Historically, net of inflation, General Cable has succeeded in reducing non-metal product costs 4% to 5% each year. We accomplished this objective through a focused and well-funded capital spending program, volume- driven leveraging of fixed costs and numerous non-capital-based productivity initiatives.
In 2001, despite declining volumes and resultant upward pressure on product costs, we drove our costs down by nearly a full percentage point through an all-out attack on inefficiencies everywhere. These Lean initiatives are typically non-capital, team-based projects that reexamine how we conduct business and where we can add value in each of our processes. In 2001, nearly all our associates received Lean training, fostering a Lean culture that allows us to do more with less.
The upshot of our Lean actions is that our 2002 business plan suggests we will need to spend only about 85% of depreciation on capital investment in North America. Our determination to find free or “entitlement” capacity in our plants without investing additional capital nicely positions us to participate in the recovery. Compared with our 2001 production levels, we could generate as much as 25% more in revenues without
AUGUST
Board elected Gregory B. Kenny as president and CEO; appointed John E. Welsh, III
as nonexecutive chairman
SEPTEMBER OCTOBER DECEMBER
 Exited consumer cordset business and began restructuring distribution network
Completed sale of Acquired Brand-Rex building wire business, Australia
realizing $112 million
in cash

 investing in new capacity. This equates to roughly an additional $300 million in business. Our focus on waste also facilitates removal of excess working capital. In 2001, raw material and work-in-process inventories declined 14%.
Our Lean culture and common operating platform, together with the restructuring of our logistics system, have allowed us to drive selling, general and administrative costs to 8% to 9% of sales and reduce distribution costs. In 2002, we will continue to process-map all of our activities, looking for non-value-added steps and other forms of waste. In addition, the Company is now on line with MyGeneralCable.com, our web-based interface with customers. This and other eBusiness initiatives will help us streamline interaction with our suppliers, customers and other business partners.
Closing Thoughts
The wire and cable industry is brutally competitive and mature. It is cost driven, with little separating participants from a manufacturing or technology standpoint.
What distinguishes one company from another are the people and the power of their ideas. At General Cable, we have spent many years getting our organizational design right and in recruiting, training and retaining a high-performance team. Several principles have guided us in these endeavors:
• We believe in providing our customers with “legendary” service
• We believe in the importance of rigorous, repeatable business processes
• We value the courage to set bold goals and challenge ourselves to be the best
• We believe in open and honest feedback to each other, promoting personal
and professional growth
• We believe in clear accountability at all levels
• We value the training and development of our associates
• We believe in “Making the Numbers,” keeping our commitments to each other,
our customers and our shareholders

 Combined, the effect of these principles is very powerful and perhaps best captured by the words of one of our executives in Spain, “La fuerza del grande con la agilidad del pequeno,” which means, “The strength of the large with the agility of the small.” General Cable’s Power of One approach to business is alive and well in everything we do.
We would like to close by thanking Steve Rabinowitz for his many contributions to General Cable. Steve retired in August 2001, but left behind a culture that fully understands and lives by the notion of stretch objectives, continuous cost reduction and strong business systems, advanced by the best people fully using their talents. These concepts are now a permanent part of our value system.
We hope this letter has helped communicate the well-founded optimism we feel toward our future prospects. At General Cable, we are committed to building long-term shareholder value. Thank you for your continued support of our efforts to make that a reality.
  GREGORY B. KENNY JOHN E. WELSH, III
President and Nonexecutive Chairman Chief Executive Officer
   