September 1, 2012 Dear Fellow Shareholders, This past fiscal year has been interesting to say the least. In the United States, we had an early start to spring and then, in a matter of weeks, the worst drought in decades. In Europe, weak economic conditions caught up with consumers who pulled back on spending for outdoor power equipment, causing a substantial market decline. We also saw growth in developing regions of the world moderate throughout the year. In spite of this, we made progress in executing our strategy. I will discuss our progress later; first, let me touch on our financial performance. Financial Performance In light of significant global market headwinds, our net income (adjusted for non-operational items) fell 8% year-over-year on a sales decline of 2%. The decline in sales was driven by weakness in the international markets, primarily Europe. Our international sales were off 9% between years. The economic difficulties in Europe had an impact on consumer spending, coupled with OEM and retailer inventory reductions, causing the decline in sales in the region. Our sales in North America increased between years caused in large part by significant sales of portable and standby generators last fall when a hurricane and early snowstorm impacted the east coast of the United States. In March, we were very encouraged by the strong start to the lawn and garden season in the U.S. given the very favorable weather conditions (warm and wet). However, as the season progressed, what may be the worst drought in over fifty years significantly impacted the season resulting in a decline in industry shipments of 2-4% for mowing equipment over the course of our fiscal year. Our products business showed substantial improvement in its return to profitability this year. Revenues increased by 8% and the adjusted operating results swung to an income of $6 million from a loss of over $21 million. If you recall, last fiscal year we restructured the management of our products group with the goal of streamlining the way we do business. Our management team has been able to significantly improve this business versus last year. The profitability for this group is not yet where we want it to be but we are making progress toward our goals. Our engine business had a difficult year caused by some very tough global market conditions. Sales in this business were off over 6% while adjusted operating results were off 30%. The macroeconomic conditions in Europe and the U.S., coupled with significant drought conditions in the U.S., were substantial headwinds this year. During this past year we maintained a strong financial position while returning capital to shareholders and funding our pension plan. We returned $61 million to shareholders by purchasing $39 million of our shares and paying $22 million of dividends during the year. We also

funded our pension obligations by contributing over $28 million to our pension plan. Our net debt (debt less cash and cash equivalents) at the end of the fiscal year stood at a relatively modest $72 million, which allows us flexibility to continue to invest in and to grow our business in the future. Our Strategy We continue to make very good progress in executing our strategy. As a reminder, here are the three pillars of our strategy along with some of the actions we took to execute our strategy during the year: Grow the profitability of the engine business ­ Our engine business continues to be a significant part of our business and will continue to be in the future. A major focus this past year was the transition to a new engine platform called the E SeriesTM. This was a significant undertaking given the engine the E SeriesTM platform is replacing was over 50 years old. Our team did an excellent job in this transition and the engine has been favorably received in the marketplace. We also adjusted our operating footprint as we closed a plant in the Czech Republic, idled production at a portion of our facilities in Missouri, and initiated a plan to downsize our production of horizontal shafted engines in Alabama. These were difficult but necessary decisions driven by the market declines over the last several years. Invest and grow in higher margin and margin expanding areas ­ In the products business we continue to refine our business model and have taken difficult but necessary steps during the year. We decided to exit the mass market mower business so we closed our plant in Tennessee. We exited this business to focus our resources on higher margin lawn and garden products in the dealer channel and to focus on our engine customers who are in a better position to serve this portion of the market. This is very consistent with our desire to focus on higher margin products. All of these actions help us achieve a better cost base moving forward. At the same time, we continue to invest in user-driven innovation to fuel higher sales and margins in the near future. We did see improvement in a number of areas in which we have invested over the last few years. Standby generators showed strong growth this past year. While helped by east coast demand from weather events, our sales doubled as the value proposition our products offer and the expansion of our dealer base drove much of our increase. Residential zero-turn mowers showed positive growth as a result of new product introductions. We also saw growth in commercial engine sales. Expand geographically in underserved markets ­ The last few years highlight the need to become more geographically diverse. While the global markets for outdoor power equipment remained weak, the European market declined more than most. A key metric that we monitor is our mix of U.S./International revenue. During fiscal 2011 we made progress in improving this metric by achieving a 67 /33 percent mix. In fiscal 2012 the decline in the European market caused this mix

to change to 70/30 percent. We continue to make investments in emerging markets to achieve organic growth and to look for acquisitions that will allow us to accelerate our growth in many of these regions. Several principles remain core to our company as we execute our strategy. These principles include aggressively pursuing lower costs; integrating with key stakeholders to drive mutual value; and focusing on the customer to solve their needs and make their lives better. We also continue to invest in our most important asset, our people, through development programs and by enhancing their skills through challenging assignments. The Future Economic uncertainty is becoming a constant in an ever changing world. We will continue to manage in this environment during the coming fiscal year. The economic conditions in Europe and the United States continue to be a challenge to our markets in general. The recent drought in the United States is a cause for concern in that market. On a more favorable note, it appears that housing is improving in the U.S. A significant input in our econometric model is sales of new and existing homes in America, so an improving housing market should favorably impact our business. With these factors playing a role in our markets, there are things we can do to improve our business by focusing on things that we can control. We continue to focus on reducing costs and becoming more innovative. You will see us bring to market increased value in new engines and products that we are developing. We will continue to innovate in the way we do things to improve productivity and lower cost. You will also see us become more innovative in serving our customers and the ultimate user of our offerings as we continue to focus on the ownership experience of end users. As I have said in the past, the only thing that doesn't change is the need to change. We continue to have an experienced management team that leads our organization. We continue to develop our best talent and have added new talent to increase our capabilities. In the end, it is all about having the right people with the right skills to execute our strategy. Closing Comments In closing, I would like to take the opportunity to express our appreciation to several groups: · Our customers ­ thanks for your trust in our team that stands ready to serve. · Our employees ­ you continue to make this a great company. · Our suppliers ­ thanks for all of your help in assisting us meet the needs of our customers. · Our communities ­ your support is invaluable to our success. Finally, I would like to thank you, our shareholders. We appreciate your trust and support. I believe our company has a very bright future. I am very excited about what we can accomplish. I hope you share this same excitement.

Todd J. Teske Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer

