                 Martin Craighead
CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Against the backdrop of continued challenges for the entire industry, 2016 was a year of significant accomplishments for Baker Hughes.
Facing a global supply-demand imbalance that continued to dampen hydrocarbon pricing and, by extension, demand and pricing for oilfield services, Baker Hughes took decisive steps to strengthen the company’s financial and competitive position, accelerate product innovation, and optimize its capital structure.
In addition to delivering on those objectives,
I believe our most transformative achievement of 2016 will prove to be our agreement with GE to combine Baker Hughes with GE Oil & Gas in a transaction that will create value for
our shareholders, benefits for customers industrywide and opportunities for employees of both companies.
As we move through the early part of 2017
the company remains focused on building on our momentum from last year to be successful regardless of the industry conditions. Contrary to this time a year ago, or even six months
ago, it is clear that some indicators of a broader market recovery have fallen into place, but lingering questions remain that could affect
the outlook.
Looking back on the past year, I am extremely proud of the efforts of our employees who, even as they faced difficult industry conditions and navigated many changes at our own company, stayed focused on safety, compliance, controls and delivering for customers.
I want to thank all of our employees for their commitment to the company and its stakeholders, which is evident when looking at our overall performance in the area of Health, Safety and Environment (HSE). We ended 2016 with 208 “Perfect HSE Days” during which we had no injuries, environmental releases or vehicle accidents, eclipsing the 146 perfect days we achieved in 2015. While this performance is encouraging, especially in the face of so many potential distractions, we won’t be satisfied
until every day is a Perfect HSE Day.
OBJECTIVES FOR THE SECOND HALF OF 2016
I’m particularly proud of our achievements in delivering on the objectives for the second half of 2016 that we outlined starting in May, after the operating restrictions associated with the merger agreement were terminated. What we called our “Path Forward” for Baker Hughes was designed to strengthen our financial performance, enhance our commercial strategy and optimize our capital structure. It was an ambitious plan with four primary components.
First, we said we would simplify the company’s organizational structure and operational footprint to improve profitability and return on invested capital. Our initial goal was to reduce annualized costs by $500 million by the end of 2016.
Second, we said we would optimize our capital structure by reducing debt and buying back shares while maintaining financial flexibility.
Third, we said we would focus on our core strength of product innovation in our full-service business while building broader sales channels for our products and technology, and do so with an asset-light approach that maximizes returns on invested capital.
And fourth, in line with this asset-light strategy,
we said we intended to maximize shareholder value for our North American onshore pressure pumping business while continuing to participate in this market segment.
On every objective, we achieved or exceeded our goals.
COST AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE IMPROVEMENTS
On the first objective, reducing costs, we achieved
the $500 million savings target by the end of the third quarter, three months ahead of schedule. Ultimately, we achieved nearly $700 million in annualized cost savings by the end of 2016. More than just an exercise in removing costs, we accomplished a complete restructuring of the company to improve efficiency, foster more accountability and enhance performance.
Regarding our second objective, optimizing our capital structure, we reduced debt by $1 billion and executed on our share buyback plan. During the course of 2016, we purchased 16.2 million shares of common stock totaling $763 million. In addition, we exited 2016 with $4.6 billion in cash, nearly double the $2.3 billion we had at the end of 2015, primarily due to the receipt of the $3.5 billion merger termination fee.

                INNOVATION PIPELINE STRONG AND GROWING
Turning to our third objective, to ensure
we are best positioned to capitalize on opportunities in the market, we created
a flatter, simpler and more responsive organizational structure that has allowed us to operate more efficiently and effectively. We gained traction in the market with
key customer contract awards during the second half of 2016, as we further strengthened our Sales organization and accelerated new product launches.
In fact, we exceeded our objective with nearly 70 new products launched during the last six months of 2016. That was an increase of more than 50% over the first half of the year, as we continue to focus on developing products that achieve more efficient wells, production maximization and improved ultimate recoveries for customers who are seeking better project economics amid challenging conditions.
Technology highlights include:
In the category of building more efficient wells, we launched the KymeraTM XTreme hybrid drill bit in September, and it had
an immediate impact with drilling performance records achieved in Norway, the Netherlands, the Gulf of Mexico, the Permian Basin, Saudi Arabia, Oman and Australia. On a number of run evaluations performed across the globe, this bit is
increasing performance by more than 35% over competitive products.
An example aimed at improving production was the launch of our TRETOLITETM SNAP water clarifier product. Designed for wells that require oil and water separation, which can result in higher costs and operational challenges, this product has been shown to minimize oil-in-water levels to improve water quality and lower basic sediment and water content in the oil to decrease the amount of recycling required. In trials prior to commercial launch, this significantly reduced recycling, costly equipment clean-outs and slop production, all while increasing throughput capacity.
And, finally, to increase ultimate recovery in a meaningful way will require not only the aforementioned well construction and production improvements, but also the development of a new range of sensing and intelligent products integrated into
a broader digital framework. For several years now, we've been investing in next-generation electronics to deploy
in the extreme environments that we face in drilling and completions.
Our launch of the SureSENSTM QPT
ELITE product is a great example of this
in our completions business, designed
to provide 20 years of downhole data in high-pressure, high-temperature wells. This design incorporates integrated circuits that
do not break down in high temperatures and deliver next-generation reliability and accuracy for downhole gauges.
This gauge delivers static and dynamic pressure and temperature data which are used to calculate estimated returns and optimize intelligent production systems.
We also launched Integrity eXplorerTM, a unique wireline service that is fast becoming the industry standard for accurate and reliable cement evaluation. This technology is enabled by electromagnetic acoustic sensors that deliver precise evaluation of any cement mixture in all borehole environments. When conventional technologies can’t reliably confirm cement quality, operators are required to perform unnecessary remedial operations that cost them days of rig time and unplanned expenditures. Integrity eXplorer is the only product in the market that deploys this technology and customer reaction thus far has been exceptional.
The commercial outcomes of our innovation efforts are not only being recognized by customers but by the broader industry. Baker Hughes was honored in October
to receive six World Oil awards, which recognize the upstream oil and gas industry’s top innovations and innovators, more
than any other company. I'm confident
that as we focus on what we do best, differentiate ourselves in the marketplace through our technology, we will continue
to build on our long legacy of innovation.
               Hybrid drill bit

                 NEW SALES CHANNELS FOR PRODUCTS AND TECHNOLOGY
Moving to our efforts to build new sales channels for our products and technology, we've embarked on a concerted sales effort globally targeting local service providers, a segment which has grown considerably in recent years. These service providers need a trusted partner who can provide industry-leading products and expertise to facilitate their local projects.
Baker Hughes is well positioned to be a partner of choice for this customer group, and this effort is already producing results. During the fourth quarter of 2016, we entered into agreements with three local service providers in the United States, Mexico and Malaysia. The interest among this customer segment is growing and we are confident this effort will differentiate Baker Hughes and become a source
of consistent growth as it matures.
MAXIMIZING VALUE FOR NORTH AMERICAN LAND PRESSURE PUMPING BUSINESS
Finishing with our fourth objective, which was to maximize shareholder value for our North American onshore pressure pumping business, we also delivered. In November, we announced an agreement to contribute our North American onshore hydraulic fracturing and cementing business into
a new company that is now the largest pure-play pressure pumping provider throughout the North American market.
In addition to receiving cash from our partners in the transaction, which closed in late December, we own nearly 47% of a company with outstanding technology, assets and people, and
a seasoned-leadership team with a successful track record of execution. The new company has a strong balance sheet, more cost-efficient structure, and even stronger prospects for growth.
Importantly, this transaction allows Baker Hughes to more efficiently benefit from the improvement we've already seen in this market while also allowing us to reduce our company’s capital intensity and resource requirements.
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Clearly, 2016 was another incredibly difficult year overall for the broader industry. Those challenges were reflected in our full-year financial results, as well as those of our peers.
Full-year 2016 revenue was $9.8 billion, down 37% from 2015. The difficulties impacting the oilfield services market could be seen in global rig counts dropping another 32% compared
to the 2015 average and pricing pressures worsening as oil prices bottomed at $26/Bbl early in 2016.
On a GAAP basis, the net loss attributable to Baker Hughes was $2.7 billion
($6.31 per diluted share) for 2016, compared to a net loss of $2.0 billion ($4.49 per diluted share) for 2015.
For 2016, adjusted net loss (a non-GAAP measure), which excludes the impact of $1.4 billion in adjusting items, was $1.3 billion ($2.96 per diluted share), compared to an adjusted net loss of $209 million ($0.48 per diluted share) for the prior year.
However, while the industry environment remained challenging throughout the year, we achieved an improvement in our own performance during the second half of the year as a result of the cost reductions, organizational changes
and commercial enhancements that we implemented starting in May.
During the second half of 2016, in
spite of a 6% revenue decline reflecting broader industry conditions, we significantly improved our profitability compared to the first half of the year. In the fourth quarter specifically, we were able to achieve revenue growth of 2% sequentially from the third quarter, to $2.4 billion, our first sequential quarterly growth in the two years
since the industry downturn began.
While those accomplishments are
indeed meaningful, they are squarely
in our rear-view mirror as we continue
to focus on seeking growth opportunities while staying disciplined on costs and working capital.
                                          
                TRANSFORMATIVE OPPORTUNITY FOR THE FUTURE
Beyond all that we accomplished last year, I believe the agreement with GE to combine Baker Hughes and GE Oil & Gas will be a transformational combination for Baker Hughes, our shareholders, and our customers throughout the industry.
This combination will not only accelerate our own momentum, but provide needed productivity and efficiency benefits to our respective customers, significant value for our shareholders, and greater opportunities for employees of both companies.
Together, Baker Hughes and GE Oil & Gas
will create a fullstream equipment, technology, services and solutions provider that can deliver step changes in economics and productivity gains for the benefit of our customers.
The new company also will benefit from having access to the advanced manufacturing and innovation capabilities of the broader
GE company, and we will leverage the immense potential of GE's Predix industrial operating system to finally deliver on the long-anticipated promise of data and analytics in the oil and gas industry.
At a time when investment in technology is critical to the future of oil and gas, the new company will be able to provide best-in-class physical and digital technology solutions.
The combination also will create significant value for Baker Hughes shareholders. They will benefit from $1.6 billion in expected cost and revenue synergies by 2020, receipt of a $17.50 per share dividend upon closing, and approximately 37.5% ownership in a company with more revenue diversity, deeper customer relationships and stronger cycle resiliency.
Our respective teams are working very effectively together on the integration planning efforts, and we continue to expect a mid-2017 closing. There is great chemistry between our people, and the two companies have very similar cultures and values.
In short, I have never been more confident that this combination is the right and
the best outcome for Baker Hughes, our customers, shareholders, and employees.
MARKET OUTLOOK
As we look ahead to the remainder of 2017, it is clear that the market is in a healthier place today as a result of several significant industry changes that have developed since the fall of 2016. However, while there are reasons to be optimistic, a number of factors could impact the timing and breadth of the expected recovery.
OPEC’s decision last fall to scale back production, along with an increase of
1.6 million barrels per day in forecasted global demand for 2017, would appear to point towards a rebalancing of supply and demand in the second half of this year. Yet, the impact that the North American shale segment might have on a potential recovery remains an open question.
For example, since details of OPEC's plan surfaced, U.S. rig counts increased by 23% during the fourth quarter of 2016 alone, along with a corresponding increase in U.S. shale production. The North American shale operators' ability to bring production online quickly has resulted in the commodity price recovery being more muted than expected, bringing some uncertainty to the sustainability of recent commodity price increases.
In addition, from the oilfield services perspective, we continue to believe that activity needs to increase meaningfully before excess service capacity can be absorbed
and a recovery in service pricing can take place. We have seen early signs of this in select product lines in some North American basins, but a fair amount of capacity must
be absorbed before service pricing will become more tightly correlated with higher commodity prices and increased activity.
As we look at the landscape of geographic markets globally, while we expect the gradual recovery in North America to continue in
2017, we expect the outlook in international markets to be roughly flat overall, with pockets of growth in specific geographic markets, for the first half of this year. In offshore markets, we expect continued softness throughout
the year, although we are well positioned geographically and with our capabilities to capture opportunities that arise.
IN CLOSING
In summary, 2016 was a year of significant progress for Baker Hughes, marked by many accomplishments. At this point in 2017,
we foresee a more optimistic industry outlook but one that is not without challenges and unanswered questions. Looking ahead, we are excited to build
on our progress and we are confident that Baker Hughes is well positioned for success in any market scenario.
Before I close out this letter, I wanted to say a few words about a special person who played a huge role in our company’s growth and success and who, sadly, is no longer with us. I’m talking about our longtime director Larry D. Brady, who passed away in January. The entire Baker Hughes family was saddened to learn of Larry’s passing.
Larry was a respected leader, dedicated family man and an outstanding director who provided invaluable support and guidance throughout his 13 years on the board. He was a great advocate for the company
and its shareholders, and I will miss his friendship, wisdom and counsel a great deal.
In closing, and on behalf of the team at
Baker Hughes, thank you for your loyalty and for investing in our company. I look forward to keeping you updated on developments in 2017.
Martin Craighead
CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
 