Letter to Stockholders
 Baker Hughes delivered 2013 record revenue of $22.4 billion along with the highest free cash flow levels in the history of the company—a strong performance that was due to collab- oration with our customers and a commitment to improving
our business. We were awarded significant contracts in our inter-
national markets, particularly in the North Sea, and undertook field
development projects in both hemispheres. We witnessed a growing
appetite for our new technology from customers in the Middle East
and Asia Pacific, and continued to transition to a service-based business model in Russia Caspian. And the initiatives we undertook to transform our U.S. Pressure Pumping business and to stabilize a volatile Latin America region showed steady progress.
At the heart of our 2013 performance was Baker Hughes technology. Throughout the year, we launched 129 products, combined products and services to create greater value for customers, and expanded our port- folio through a key alliance—continuing the innovation that is fundamental to the company’s legacy
and is the mainstay of our culture.
Twenty thirteen was a year of building momentum for Baker Hughes. The most prominent shift in our results came from a 24 percent growth in the Middle East/Asia Pacific region, which became our fastest-growing area and largest international segment. The Russia Caspian area reflected a strong demand for our reliable well construction solutions, and we continued to build critical mass in this market. In Latin America, the steps we took in the second half of the year to improve profits and reduce risk with a more stable business mix led to new contract wins in Colombia and Mexico. Our North America business continued to evolve, with our strategy to realign our Pressure Pumping business gaining traction. Although this business is improving, I was disappointed with the pace of its recovery, and I remain personally committed to correcting this performance during 2014.
Our Drill Bits, Drilling Services, Upstream Chemicals, Artificial Lift, and Completions Services product lines all performed exceptionally well in 2013, leveraging innovative new products to enhance shale production and unlock new and stranded reserves offshore.
While we exceeded several of our health, safety, and environment metrics during the year, our success was overshadowed by the loss of six employees in workplace incidents. These fatalities strengthened our resolve to be the undisputed leader in safety, sustainability, and compliance, and we continued to invest in the infrastructure to support safe and environmentally responsible operations. We broke ground for our Western Hemisphere Training Center near Houston, with an expected opening date of early 2014, and opened key new fluids and chemicals laboratories for the Gulf of Mexico.
Our $556-million investment in research and technology funded incremental developments, as well as game-changing ideas based on nontraditional oilfield science such as advanced materials and nanotechnology. And at the end of the year, our Oklahoma-based Artificial Lift Research and Technology Center—built to deliver state-of-the-art testing capabilities for production technology—was near completion.
 Martin Craighead
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
2013 Annual Report 3

”Increasingly, operators will seek technology solutions that not only improve efficiencies, but also help improve estimated ultimate recovery per well—and that will require a much deeper knowledge of the subsurface.”
The investments we made in technology innovation were split generally among the market segments in which we have invested heavily for the past several years.
The deepwater segment, now expanding beyond its traditional boundaries into locations such as East Africa and the Red Sea, continued to exhibit low recovery rates—sometimes as little as 7 percent. One of the goals of the Lower Tertiary integrated project team we established in 2012 is to learn more about how to develop and produce these complex reservoirs so that we can design technology to boost production. In 2013, this team’s work resulted in the world’s first intelligent well system with a modified multizone, single-trip comple- tion. Located in over 8,000 feet of water in the Cascade field, the well also featured the first high-pressure intelligent well system in the Gulf of Mexico.
In the challenging North Sea market, there is a demand for technology that economically captures remaining reserves. We collaborated with a major North Sea operator, whose chief challenge in mature assets was to recover stranded reserves in low-pressure zones, to develop the SureTrakTM steerable drilling liner service—the first technology of its kind, designed to drill and evaluate complex wells while simultaneously installing a liner. Unconventional operations also continued to expand outside North America, with Saudi Arabia and China being just two of several areas increasing their focus on shale. Certainly, we will apply our rich experience in North America to these emerging regions—but unconventional plays themselves have presented some other interesting new challenges.
The traditional focus on efficiency gains will soon not be enough to maintain the economics of unconven- tional wells. Increasingly, operators will seek technology solutions that help them improve estimated ultimate recovery per well—and that will require a much deeper knowledge of the subsurface than many operators have available. In 2013, we formed an alliance with CGG, a leading geophysical company, to integrate our near-wellbore data with the seismic data provided by CGG. This integration will enable full characterization of the reservoir throughout the life cycle of an unconventional well.
Pad drilling, an innovation that has driven efficiencies in unconventional plays, has redefined the way we look at drilling activity. For the last 70 years, the Baker Hughes Rig Count has been the industry’s leading barom- eter of drilling activity. Today, because any number of wells can be drilled from one pad with one rig, a more accurate reflection of drilling activity is the number of wells, rather than the number of rigs. In the second quarter, we launched the Baker Hughes Well Count—a unique index that augments the Baker Hughes Rig Count to help the industry track and forecast U.S. activity in a more informed and comprehensive way.
In mature fields, Baker Hughes reservoir experts took innovative steps to help operators recover the estimated 65 percent of reserves that can potentially remain stranded in these assets. In Malaysia, the team conducted
a two and a half-year field study focused on understanding a new block in a mature reservoir more intimately, so that previously bypassed reserves could be located and developed successfully. This study resulted in a multi- year mature field redevelopment project with Petronas Carigali in the offshore Greater D18 field. In Mexico, we won a multiyear contract with Pemex to optimize production and operational efficiency in the declining Soledad field. This project leverages our success in the neighboring Corralillo field, where we applied new technologies to triple production in less than four years.
All of these illustrations highlight the important role that Baker Hughes plays as a service provider—but I believe we have another, equally important, role as innovators. For Baker Hughes, innovation is both our heritage and the foundation for our future. It is the way we look at possibilities and determine how to make them realities. It is our differentiator.
4 Baker Hughes Incorporated

“For Baker Hughes, innovation is both our heritage and the foundation for our future. It is the way we look at possibilities and determine how to make them realities.”
Innovation without commercialization, however, is simply a science experiment. Several of our young tech- nologies gained traction throughout 2013, demonstrating our ability to rapidly develop and commercialize technologies that significantly impact the market.
• The ground-breaking ProductionWaveTM solution, delivered in a matter of months, improves reserve recovery in unconventional oil plays by combining the superior drawdown of our electrical submersible pumping (ESP) systems with products and services from our Completions Services and Upstream Chemi- cals product lines. Based on our FLEXPumpTM series ESP technology, the ProductionWave solution offers a range of commercial models to meet the customer’s unique business objectives.
• The SHADOWTM series frac plugs with disintegrating frac balls, also developed for the unconventionals market, extends the commercial application of our research in nanotechnology. SHADOW frac plugs eliminate the milling process in plug-and-perf completions. This technology was field-tested in 2013 and brought to market a year ahead of schedule.
• The AutoTrakTM Curve rotary steerable system, brought to market in 18 months, enables operators to improve drilling efficiencies in unconventional wells by drilling the vertical, curve, and horizontal sections in one run. The system enjoyed rapid customer adoption and quickly gained market share based on con- sistently reliable performance. In 2013, the system was on the precipice of drilling more than 10 million feet—less than two years after its launch.
Outlook
We are optimistic about the opportunities ahead for Baker Hughes. Indications are that 2014 will continue the positive trends that began in 2013. North America spending growth is expected to accelerate, and solid growth should continue in several international markets, particularly the Middle East, Africa, and Russia. Sustained strong oil prices, sanctioning of major projects, and delivery of a large number of offshore rigs are expected to drive spending increases among our customers.
The year ahead also promises new prospects for our Chemical and Industrial Services business, with opportu- nities in deep water for Upstream Chemicals and a growing interest in industrial water treatment and petro- chemical processing for Downstream Chemicals. We are particularly enthusiastic about the traction gained in the midstream market by the Process and Pipeline Services product line during 2013.
We are dedicated to meeting tomorrow’s energy needs through innovations which simply do not exist today. We are committed to escalating technology development that meets the evolving challenges of our custom- ers. Whether we are developing unconventional reservoirs, boosting production in mature fields, or navigating complex well geometries in ultra-deepwater fields, Baker Hughes will play a leading role in developing new ways to address these challenges.
You can be confident that Baker Hughes has the right capabilities, competencies, courage, and people to convert innovation into shareholder value.
Martin Craighead
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 2013 Annual Report 5
