Letter to Our Stockholders
During the last several years, we have shared our story about how the Baker Hughes management team has transformed the company into a formidable competitor in the oilfield services sector.
A big contributor to that story is our relentless focus on running our business efficiently and delivering results without ever wavering from our obsession with customer satisfaction.
We promised to invest in people, technology and infrastructure that would move us closer to our customers and to create greater value by driving a full suite of Baker Hughes technologies and services into the reservoir to efficiently drill and complete wells. And, we have steadily delivered on these promises through our strategic, customer-centric decisions. As a result, in just four years Baker Hughes’ revenue has nearly doubled from $10.4 billion in 2007 to $19.8 billion in 2011.
Today, we believe that no other company in our industry has gone through greater transformation or is better positioned to capture future market share than Baker Hughes.
Clearly, the biggest growth potential for us is the unprecedented activity shift to the North American oil and natural gas shale plays where the geologic risk is low, the predictability of supply is more certain and the demand for services to efficiently access these resources is high. The integration of Baker Hughes’ pressure pumping, horizontal drilling, completions and production services is
capturing increased market share and contributing to our revenue growth, primarily because we are a leading company with the capabilities to service the entire life cycle of the well.
Our customers recognize that our passion for innovation is a driving force in helping them generate better economic returns and higher production rates. As stockholders, you should also know that this same innovation is driving significant transformation within Baker Hughes as we continue
to find ways to work smarter and expand our operations while simultaneously reducing costs.
Improved customer intimacy and our move to a local geomarket structure led us to expand our investment in facilities closer to where our customers live and work. In 2011, we added approximately 1.9 million square feet (177,000 square meters) to our global infrastructure, including new or expanded manufacturing facilities in Mexico, Brazil,
Malaysia, Russia and other key locations.
We expect to add another 3 million square feet (278,000 square meters) of roofline in 2012.
  2 Baker Hughes Incorporated
Martin Craighead

Amidst this solid growth, in 2009 our global Supply Chain organization set a goal to simultaneously generate $300 million in cost savings over three years, and we’re pleased with our progress towards that goal.
Baker Hughes has also taken what we believe are the necessary steps to anticipate today’s ever-changing regulatory environments, and we are fully prepared to serve customers working in offshore and onshore basins around the world. Whether these regulatory changes are a result of the tragic events in the Gulf of Mexico in 2010 or the increased demands for transparency by landowners and regulatory agencies, Baker Hughes’ global initiatives on reliability and quality provide increased assurance that our people are adequately trained and competent for the job, our critical equipment is traceable and reliable, and our safety standards and processes are best-in-class. Baker Hughes is the first integrated oilfield service company to receive full accreditation
of its Competence Management Program from the International Association of Drilling Contractors.
As above-ground commercial issues become more challenging, our customers are also seeking holistic solutions to mitigate the technical and geologic complexities and are increasingly turning to a smaller set of service providers who can meet these challenges and manage integrated projects. Baker Hughes’ management has spent the past year preparing for these challenges, and we are now fully participating in the integrated operations (IO) arena. Baker Hughes has already been awarded significant IO projects in Iraq, and we intend
to capitalize further on this rapidly growing sector of our business in order to take full advantage of what
we believe is the strongest downhole portfolio of technologies in our industry.
Baker Hughes’ portfolio strength is derived in part from our continued investment in people who are delivering vast intellectual property advantages
to Baker Hughes. We’ve highlighted a few groups in this report, and there are many others working in our global research and technology centers and in engineering and science clusters focused on specific challenges.
The individuals who serve on the Baker Hughes Board of Directors are also an important strength of our company, and we would
like to acknowledge the contributions of two members who retired during 2011: Ambassador Edward P. Djerejian and
James L. Payne. We appreciate their support of Baker Hughes.
Looking forward to 2012, we remain committed to running our business efficiently, and our intense focus
on the customer will not change. We will continue our competitive drive with an even greater emphasis on execution and on instilling a sense of urgency to meet our customers’ diverse needs to deliver the hydrocarbons on which our world depends.
Chad C. Deaton Martin Craighead
Executive Chairman of the Board President and Chief Executive Officer
   Chad C. Deaton
2011 Annual Report 3
