Letter to Stockholders

From Michael E. Wiley,
Chairman, President and CEO

To Our Stockholders: aker Hughes finished 2000 in a much stronger position than it held at the beginning of the year. During the year, the markets for oilfield products and services strengthened considerably, Baker Hughes resolved management and accounting issues, and the company re-established its strategic focus on wellbore-related technologies. These factors ­ combined with the outstanding efforts of Baker Hughes employees ­ enabled us to achieve solid financial improvement over the year. As 2000 ended, Baker Hughes shares were trading at $41.56, nearly double their value on January 3, 2000. I believe this progress was only the first step in a process of ongoing improvement at Baker Hughes. We continue to benefit from the strong natural gas market in North America. The upswing of the business cycle has begun in the international markets. There are significant opportunities in our markets, and I believe Baker Hughes is in the best position to exploit them. We have begun the process of building a high-performance culture, and we are strengthening our corporate center to better link the strengths of our best-in-class product line divisions with the shared values and common resources of our major worldwide enterprise. Financial Results | Revenue for the year was $5,233.8 million, up 6% or $297.3 million from $4,936.5 million in the year 1999. Oilfield Operations revenue for the year 2000, excluding Western Geophysical, was $4,187.1 million, up 16% or $587.1 million from $3,600.0 million reported for the year 1999. Operating profit after tax for the year 2000, excluding non-operational items, was $200.2 million or $0.60 per share (diluted); up 290% compared to $51.3 million or $0.16 per share (diluted) for 1999. Because the company did not sell its Baker Process division within a year of its classification as a discontinued operation, generally accepted accounting principles require that Baker Process be reclassified as a continuing operation, and financial results include the results of Baker Process. We are evaluating our strategic
2

B

Chairman, President and CEO Mike Wiley (standing), Andy Szescila, Chief Operating Officer, and Steve Finley, Chief Financial Officer.

alternatives with respect to Baker Process, including the sale of individual product lines within the division. Cash earnings (after-tax operating profit, excluding after-tax goodwill amortization) for the year were $0.73 per share (diluted), compared with $0.29 per share (diluted) for the year 1999. In addition to improvements in the profit and loss statement, Baker Hughes reduced its debt by more than $700 million through the formation of the Western GECO venture, operating cash flow and the sale of several product lines and assets. Our goal is to further reduce debt by more than $200 million by the end of 2001. Achievement of this goal should give us the flexibility to respond to market conditions and pursue strategic opportunities. Market Conditions and Outlook | In the first quarter 2000, the oilfield service sector finally benefited from higher oil and gas prices, as operating companies increased their exploration and production programs. The surge in activity was led by exceptional growth in the North American gas sector, both on land and offshore. Approximately 28% of Baker Hughes revenues

This Annual Report to Stockholders, including the letter to stockholders from Chairman Michael E. Wiley, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21 E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The words "will", "expect", "should", "scheduled", "plan", "believe", and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Baker Hughes' expectations regarding these matters are only its forecasts. These forecasts may be substantially different from actual results, which are affected by many factors, including those listed in "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" contained in Item 7 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Baker Hughes Incorporated for its year ended December 31, 2000 and in "Forward-Looking Statements" facing the inside back cover.

came from North American gas drilling and completion activity in 2000. With continued strong natural gas prices and ongoing strong demand, we expect growth in this sector to continue in 2001, tempered only by the shortage of drilling rigs. With record cash flows, our customers are gaining confidence in the ability of oil markets to sustain price levels in the mid-$20 range. Many oil companies have announced ambitious budgets for 2001, and if their re-investment rates reach the average for the last decade, E&P spending could be as much as 15% to 20% higher than last year. International markets ­ which traditionally comprise approximately two-thirds of Baker Hughes revenues ­ were slow to respond to higher energy prices, but activity levels did begin to increase in the second half of 2000. International activity remained relatively flat in the first quarter of 2001, but is expected to resume the growth trend in the second quarter. We are well positioned to take advantage of this opportunity in 2001. While drilling and completion markets were improving, the seismic industry continued to suffer from low activity levels, oversupply of crews, and large inventories of multi-client survey data. Baker Hughes reduced the impact to the company of the weak seismic

market while retaining ownership in the world's foremost seismic company through the creation of the Western GECO venture. Focus on our Strengths | During the year, Baker Hughes management strived to focus on its strengths, improve the balance sheet, improve returns, and maximize shareholder value. Of the large-cap service companies, Baker Hughes is closest to being a "pure play" in its concentration on serving the exploration and production industry. Baker Hughes' greatest strengths are its best-in-class product lines. Our divisions have earned strong brand awareness, and their management teams are focused on their specific technologies and markets. In 2000, the oilfield divisions were placed under the management of a single executive, Andy Szescila, a seasoned leader with 30 years of experience with Baker companies. Under his guidance, each division will continue to focus on being the best in class provider, whether cost, technology, service--or a combination of these--drives customer value. In the past year, we have made important progress in achieving efficiencies in our administrative and support functions. Baker Hughes Business Support Services

Hughes Christensen's SPECTRUM® drill bits are breaking world records for diamond and roller cone bit performance.

Baker Hughes became a major supplier in the Caspian region when it was named lead contractor for the giant Karachaganak field. INTEQ and Baker Atlas combined manufacturing and R&D at the Houston Technology Center.

3

Baker Oil Tools installed Intelligent Well Systems in Norway, Oman and Indonesia.

INTEQ's AutoTrak® rotary steerable drilling system has drilled more than 2.5 million feet since its Baker Hughes gained momentum in deepwater commercial introduction. markets in the North Sea, Canada, West Africa, Brazil and the Gulf of Mexico.

has assumed accounting, payroll, benefits and IT support duties for many of the company's U.S. operations, eliminating duplicate efforts by division personnel. Project Renaissance, the company's SAP and business process implementation project, completed its United States rollouts for Baker Oil Tools, INTEQ, Baker Atlas, and Baker Petrolite. The remaining SAP implementations are scheduled to be substantially complete before the end of 2001. During the year, Baker Hughes took several important steps to increase the company's strategic focus on providing products and services directly related to drilling, completing and producing oil and gas wells. Most significantly, we combined the seismic acquisition and processing assets of our Western Geophysical division with those of the GECO-Prakla division of Schlumberger Ltd. to form the Western GECO venture. In this transaction, Baker Hughes received approximately $500 million in cash and retained a 30% stake in the venture. The new company should benefit from consolidation savings, complementary technologies and geographic coverage of the two prior
4

entities. In addition, Baker Hughes and Schlumberger will have fair and equal access to any new technology developed by Western GECO. In effect, we will be able to incorporate future advances in seismic technology into our reservoir navigation, intelligent well and production monitoring systems. In several separate transactions, Baker Hughes received a total of approximately $50 million in cash for its interests in oil and gas producing properties that were held by our E&P Solutions division. A new enterprise marketing group, BEST, has assumed responsibility for corporate-level project management and business development activities, as well as coordination of global sales and account management activities across all Baker Hughes divisions. In addition, the BEST organization provides corporate direction for technology efforts by coordinating the Technology Road Map and Product Development & Management processes. This group also leads our ecommerce initiatives. Baker Hughes is a founding member of the OFS Portal, a consortium that is developing standards for online catalogs for oilfield services.

Our e-commerce site, Baker Hughes Direct, is designed to put storefronts for our divisions online, beginning with Hughes Christensen, scheduled in the first half of 2001. Operational Highlights | During 2000, Baker Hughes continued to excel as a provider of best-in-class technologies. For example, INTEQ's AutoTrak® rotary steerable drilling system, developed with ENI-Agip S.p.A., achieved an industry-leading milestone by accumulating more than 2 million feet of drilling experience. Baker Oil Tools installed intelligent well systems ­ which monitor well conditions and enable remote control of production flow--in Indonesia, Norway and Oman. Hughes Christensen's SPECTRUM® drill bit line continued to break world records for PDC and roller cone bit performance. An electric submersible pump installed by Centrilift in BP's Wytch Farm field celebrated its 10th anniversary of continuous operation. Baker Hughes companies also provided technology in the growing deepwater market. Baker Petrolite is a recognized industry leader in providing flow assurance monitoring and chemical programs for deepwater wells, with strong participation in the Gulf of Mexico and Eastern Canada. Baker Atlas became a leading wireline logging company in the deepwater fields off Angola, based on its Reservoir Characterization Instrument fluid sampling service and its ability to acquire reliable, high-quality data in challenging conditions. Baker Atlas also introduced the 3D Explorer Induction Logging Service, developed with Shell and designed to identify hydrocarbons in laminated formations typically found in deepwater reservoirs. Baker Oil Tools has performed more than 31 gravel pack completions in the Campos Basin offshore Brazil. This track record helped BOT and other BHI companies win important contracts with international oil companies starting Brazilian operations in 2001. In 2000, Baker Hughes also established itself as a major supplier in the important Caspian Sea region. BHI was awarded significant projects in Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan, including being selected as the lead service supplier for the Karachaganak field, one of the largest gas condensate reservoirs in the world. In addition the company has won significant new awards in Nigeria, Malaysia, Australia, China and the Middle East.
SM SM

unit achieved strong performance in the Gulf of Mexico and the North Sea, these achievements were offset by persistent problems in Latin America and SubSaharan Africa. The division has an expanding portfolio of world-class products and services, has undergone major structural changes, and we expect it to deliver significant improvements in 2001. During 2000, Baker Atlas relocated its administrative and technical headquarters to share an expanded north Houston facility with INTEQ. The two divisions have combined their engineering and manufacturing capabilities to realize the significant technological synergies between them. INTEQ's LWD product line is expected to benefit from Baker Atlas' sensor technology and formation evaluation expertise. In turn, Baker Atlas should improve its system reliability, gaining from INTEQ's experience at manufacturing equipment to operate in hostile drilling environments. Building a High-Performance Culture | During the first few months after my arrival at Baker Hughes on August 14th, I set out to learn about the company's strengths, problems and its core values by conducting personal interviews with the top 80 managers of the company and its divisions. While strong divisional cultures have existed at Baker Hughes, I found that the company had not defined and communicated a common set of values to be shared across operating units. After the interviews, I told our employees that I wanted Baker Hughes to improve from being a good company to become a great one. To do this, we need to build a high-performance culture based on a few basic Core Values and Keys to Success. In October, I hosted a meeting for the company's executives, where we began aligning the organization to these principles. I also chartered four task forces to recommend specific, near term solutions to some of the issues to improve the efficiency and the cohesion of our organization. The enthusiastic response of our managers has given me great confidence in the talents, dedication and experience of our extended Baker Hughes leadership team. We also have strengthened the corporate center to improve our strategic decisions regarding the allocation of critical resources. For example, we have added a corporate-level human resources function under Greg Nakanishi to focus on competitive compensation and benefits, people development, leadership cultivation, staffing and recruiting, and succession planning. We have initiated a performance management system that will align employees at all levels to common goals.
5

Improving Profitability | Our INTEQ division was the only oilfield operating unit that was significantly below our return expectations in 2000. Although the

We also established a Strategy and Policy Council comprised of senior corporate executives and division presidents. This council will evaluate opportunities and develop strategies for implementing those with the most potential. In addition, we have instituted standard product development and management processes to help us manage and expand our technology portfolio. To develop game-changing technologies, we plan to increase the proportion of our R&D expenditures devoted to new technologies to 66% from the current 50% level. All these steps are intended to solidify our position as the best-in-class competitor in our industry. Special Thanks | Three board members will end their terms at our annual meeting in April. After three years on the board, Max P . Watson, Jr. has decided not to stand for re-election. We thank him for his service. Lester M. Alberthal, Jr. graciously agreed to extend his 10-year term during the search for a CEO and my first several months on

the job. I would like to thank him for his dedicated service and for sharing his insights and advice with the company over the years. In closing, I would like to recognize the contributions of my immediate predecessor, Joe. B. Foster. On January 28, 2000, after serving Baker Hughes for almost 10 years as a director, he accepted the role of interim chairman, president and CEO. During Joe's nearly eight months in office, the oilfield divisions were organized in a single group; Baker Hughes signed early stage agreements to form the Western GECO venture; and Baker Hughes' stock price improved 75%. In addition, Joe worked closely with the search committee (including board members Vic Beghini, Richard Kinder, John Riley and Chuck Watson) to recruit me for the position of CEO at Baker Hughes. Now that I have been here for six months, I feel even more grateful for the chance to lead Baker Hughes. Looking forward, I am excited by the opportunity for Baker Hughes to reach its goal of becoming the premier oilfield service company.

Baker Hughes has world class manufacturing capabilities, like those in Baker Oil Tools' Houston facility.

Centrilift had a record year in 2000 as a leading supplier of electric submersible pump systems.

6

