Letter to Stockholders

I
Baker Hughes made significant progress in 2001 toward differentiating the company as the premier provider of oilfield services. Our divisions executed their plans superbly and achieved strong returns in a healthy market that was driven by North American activity in the first half of the year and international business in the second. Overall, Baker Hughes achieved record results in 2001, doubling operating profits for the second year in a row. Our efforts in 2001 ­ to focus our strategies and to align our employees in a high-performance enterprise culture ­ will serve us well in 2002, which promises to be a more difficult year. We are determined to manage our business for profitability and to generate adequate returns no matter where we are in the business cycle. Record Profitability For the second con-

NTEQ field test engineers evaluate

the next generation AutoTrak® system at the Baker Hughes Experimental Test Area (BETA) site in Oklahoma.

The AutoTrak system was jointly developed by Baker Hughes INTEQ and ENI-Agip S.P.A.

Corporation and Hughes Tool Company merged in 1987. Total revenues were up 3% for the year, at $5,382.2 million in 2001 compared to $5,233.8 million in 2000. Oilfield revenue was $5,063.4 million in 2001, up 21% from $4,187.1 million in 2000, excluding Western Geophysical. Process revenues were $318.8 million in 2001, down 1% from $323.0 million in 2000. Additionally, the corporation as a whole was breakeven in the third and fourth quarters of the year on our Baker Value Added (BVA) measure, meaning that we returned our cost of capital.

Andy Szescila, Chief Operating Officer; Michael E. Wiley, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Steve Finley, Chief Financial Officer.

secutive year, Baker Hughes more than doubled its operating profit after tax, which was $448.0 million, or $1.33 per share (diluted), in 2001 compared to $200.2 million, or $0.60 per share (diluted), in 2000. This 124% increase delivered Baker Hughes' highest per share profit since Baker International

This Annual Report to Stockholders, including the letter to stockholders from Chairman Michael E. Wiley, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The words "will," "expect," "should," "scheduled," "plan," "believe," "promise," "anticipate," "contemplate" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Baker Hughes' expectations regarding these matters are only its forecasts. These forecasts may be substantially different from actual results, which are affected by many factors, including those listed in "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" contained in Item 7 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Baker Hughes Incorporated for its year ended December 31, 2001. The use of "Baker Hughes", "our", "we" and similar terms are not intended to describe or imply particular corporate organizations or relationships.
2 Baker Hughes Incorporated

2.0

1.5

1.0

.5

0 96 97 98 99 00 01

ANNUAL AutoTrak® DRILLED DISTANCE (Millions of feet drilled)

customers in regions where the program has been implemented. Maintain Our "Best-in-Class" Product Line Focus The Baker Hughes organizational structure is unique among the three largest oilfield services companies in Strategies for Growth At the end of 2000, we identified strategies that Baker Hughes would pursue to sustain growth and consistently improve returns: 1) Develop a high-performance enterprise culture. 2) Maintain our "Bestin-Class" product line focus. 3) Centrallydirect the allocation of key resources. 4) Aggressively pursue interdivisional growth opportunities. 5) Improve financial flexibility and discipline. Implementing these strategies contributed to 2001's outstanding results. Building a High-Performance Enterprise Culture In 2001 Baker Hughes continued to build a high-performance culture across our enterprise. Throughout the year, managers and supervisors have communicated and reinforced Baker Hughes' Core Values and Keys to Success. Taken together these eight, simple points and their supporting elements define the ideal yet achievable character we strive for as individuals and as an organization. We also continued to develop a leadership team that works together across the enterprise and assures the transfer of ideas and talent throughout the organization. During 2001, Baker Hughes continued to stress performance at the well site, using metrics for job success, equipment reliability and operational safety. One example of this effort is the Flawless Execution program at Baker Oil Tools in which field service personnel are measured and compensated for performance that avoids trouble time, equipment failures and safety incidents. Not only has Flawless Execution earned repeat business, but it also has significantly reduced invoice concessions to that we maintain six oilfield divisions with distinct product lines. This structure nurtures teams of experts who understand specific customer needs, develop best-in-class products and services and apply them to create unmatched value for our customers. INTEQ increased its revenue 32% compared to last year, achieved record profits and operating margins and had returns in the fourth quarter that were BVA positive. While nearly all its international regions reflected gains, INTEQ's strongest growth remained in the United States where deepwater drilling fluids contracts commenced. The AutoTrak® rotary closed loop drilling system ­ which has now drilled more than 4 million feet worldwide ­ continued as an industry leader with the introduction of a next-generation system. INTEQ also commercialized
Annual Report 2001 3

14 12 10 8 6 4 2 0 -2 -4 1999 2000 2001

RETURN ON ASSETS 1999­2000, by Quarter (Percent)

the VertiTrakTM straight hole drilling system, and established three BEACONSM shore-based centers where experts can monitor and interpret real-time data from offshore operations and provide timely advice. INTEQ also continued to deploy its new porosity logging-whiledrilling technology, accumulating 1 million feet of logging. INTEQ also implemented a new strategy for its drilling fluids business, focusing operations on key geographic areas, and extending its offering to include completion brines and solids handling services. Baker Oil Tools revenues grew 25% compared to 2000, and operating margins approached 20%. The division generated positive BVA for the entire year. Baker Oil Tools confirmed its position as a completions leader with a number of new technology systems, including its first all-electric Intelligent Well System, which finished a successful trial run in Brazil. The division also introduced the EXPRESSTM expandable sand screen and the FORMlockTM expandable liner hanger system and used them successfully in an offshore horizontal well in Indonesia.
4 Baker Hughes Incorporated

Other successes included record-length horizontal gravel pack completions performed in the UK, efficient multilateral completion systems run in Venezuela, Alaska and Siberia, and high-pressure/ high-temperature completion equipment deployed in the North Sea, Asia Pacific and Gulf of Mexico. Baker Oil Tools also launched its third technology vessel, the H.R. Hughes, to perform frac packing and gravel pack completion services in the Gulf of Mexico. As a result, sand control was 2001's fastest growing product line at Baker Oil Tools. Despite a 26% decline in the U.S. rig count during 2001, Baker Atlas revenues were 20% higher for the year, due to increased high-tier open hole logging

and price improvements. Baker Atlas continued to reinforce its position as a provider of innovative wireline technology, and had excellent deepwater success both in winning and logging high-profile wells. Baker Atlas also continued worldwide deployment of its Reservoir Characterization Instrument sampling service, provided resistivity services for thinly laminated reservoirs with its unique 3D ExplorerTM system, and introduced new, high-pressure/high-temperature NautilusTM logging tools. Hughes Christensen increased revenues 27% from 2000 and posted record operating profits. The fourth quarter 2001 was Hughes Christensen's ninth consecutive quarter of BVA-positive returns. Hughes Christensen improved its position in the

A

Baker Atlas wireline logging engi-

neer monitors borehole imaging data using the ECLIPS® acquisition system.

pressed for pricing increases to compensate for higher raw material costs. During the year, Baker Petrolite's strongest geographic area was the United States. The division achieved notable success in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico market based on its innovative Low Dosage Hydrate Inhibitor for flow assurance. Baker Petrolite also won a four-year chemical management contract in Brunei, demonstrating its strong service capabilities. Centrally-Direct Allocation of Resources While maintaining strong product line divisions to serve our customers, Baker Hughes has reinforced the corporate diamond drill bit market with the new GenesisTM PDC product line, which incorporates technical advancements through a regionally based design process to deliver consistently better drilling performance. Hughes Christensen reinforced its position as a leader in the Tricone® drill bit market by introducing the UltraMax® metal-sealed bits. HardRokTM line and through record-setting runs with Centrilift extended its unbroken string of BVA-positive quarters to ten, while reaching an all time margin record for the year. Revenues at Centrilift increased 18% year over year. Centrilift received significant electrical submersible pump (ESP) orders in Indonesia, Syria, Russia and California. Centrilift introduced the new LIF-TEQTM progressive cavity pump in cooperation with INTEQ and deployed advanced surface controllers and pumping system design software. In the U.S., the division applied its ESP systems to dewater coal bed methane wells, opening a significant new market. Baker Petrolite posted an 11% revenue increase for the year. Gross margins improved as the division aggressively center's direction of strategic planning, capital allocation, technology investment and human resources. Baker Hughes research and engineering efforts are planned using the Technology Road Map process. The annual process identifies current and future customer needs, maps the divisions' technology programs to assure that they are aligned with the company's long-range strategy, and identifies research projects to receive corporate funding. To recognize and reward technical achievements, we established a Chairman's Innovation Award Program in 2001. Eleven teams from all six oilfield divisions received Innovation Awards. We have redefined the Human Resources function at the corporate center by assembling a small team of professionals who provide central direction of our HR policies and focus on competitive compensation and benefits, employee development, leadership, staffing and succession planning. We continued to improve Health, Safety and Environmental performance throughout the company, and are

standardizing our policies and reporting systems across divisions. We also have instituted a Chairman's Award Program that recognizes excellence in HS&E performance at Baker Hughes facilities. Ten locations received HS&E awards in 2001. Interdivisional Growth Opportunities Our Baker Hughes Enterprise Services and Technology (BEST) group has become a powerful vehicle for promoting growth and teamwork across operating divisions. The BEST group includes a global network of business development managers and key account managers who coordinate multi-division sales opportunities and executive relationships with large customers. The BEST group provides corporate-level project management. For example, in the Caspian region, BEST has acted as lead contractor for the Karachaganak project in Kazakhstan, exceeding expectations for revenue and division participation in 2001. The BEST group also leads Baker Hughes' presence on the Internet, by publishing marketing content and sponsoring our e-commerce site, BakerHughesDirect. In addition, BEST's technology function directs the Technology Road Map process, sponsors technology collaboration with customers and searches for technology innovations outside the oilfield industry that could be applied in Baker Hughes. Improve Financial Flexibility and Discipline During 2001, we achieved our goal of reducing debt by more than $1.2 billion dollars from peak levels in 2000, and we did it a quarter earlier than planned. By reaching this goal, we now have more flexibility to respond to market conditions and pursue strategic opportunities. Maintaining strict financial
Annual Report 2001 5

B

aker Oil Tools completion specialists

60

deploy the new ReliantTM series retrievable packer for high-pressure/hightemperature wells.

55

50

45

40

35

30 1999 2000 2001

REVENUE PER EMPLOYEE 1999­2001, by Quarter (In thousands)

discipline to ensure that we maintain this flexibility is an ongoing goal of the Company. We continue to evaluate strategic alternatives for our Process operations, and have reconstituted EIMCO Process Equipment and BIRD Machine as discrete businesses along their traditional product lines. Early in the fourth quarter of the year, we sold a majority of our interest in the production and refining product line of Process to a venture capital partner. We continue to own 49% of this operation, which now operates as Petreco, Inc. Project Renaissance was officially closed on December 31, 2001. This project developed common, enterprise-wide business processes and systems, and further improved our financial control system. In addition, the project established a shared services organization to support the accounting, administrative and IT needs of our divisions and the Company. Outlook The year 2002 began with many uncertainties. An unusually warm winter and a recession in the United States have reduced both energy prices and oil and
6 Baker Hughes Incorporated

inventories, and continue to strive for fair prices while preserving our ability to service our customers when the rebound occurs. gas exploration and production activity. We anticipate this softness will result in a 15% to 20% decline in North American drilling in 2002 compared to 2001. Depending on the global economy and world events, international activity in 2002 should range between flat to up 5% compared to 2001. Overall, we expect worldwide exploration and production spending to be down 5% to 7% for the year. We believe the fundamentals of the North American gas market remain strong and that a sustained, multi-year natural gas drilling program is needed to address U.S. energy needs. The timing of the recovery in North American drilling activity will depend on how the natural gas supply and demand balance develops during the first half of 2002. Our plans contemplate a recovery in North American activity in the second half of the year. Regardless of market conditions, Baker Hughes will continue to set aggressive goals. We will manage our costs, control our manufacturing capacity and Michael E. Wiley Chairman, President and CEO Special Thanks At our annual meeting on April 24, 2002, three directors will step down after completing their terms on the board. I would like to thank Vic Beghini, Margie Filter and Joe Casey for their service to Baker Hughes. Finally, I would like to thank our stockholders for their confidence in Baker Hughes as an investment, our customers for their continued business, and our employees for the ideas, hard work and dedication that delivered such fine results for Baker Hughes in 2001.

