 EXTREME VALUE is the cornerstone of our brand.
Steven S. Fishman | Chairman, CEO and President
Dear Shareholders:
One of the toughest challenges in business today is to renew a successful company, positioning it for long-term growth and profitability while maintaining performance in the marketplace. It’s a challenge I have always embraced. When I came to Big Lots in 2005, I had the opportunity to lead this unique retail company on a journey toward profitable growth and shareholder value creation.
 This past December, I announced my intention to retire in 2013. At the time of this writing, we’re conducting a search for a new CEO. I’ve committed to the Board to remain in charge as long as it takes to ensure a smooth transition of my role and responsibilities.
The last 8 years have been very rewarding for our associates and shareholders, and I’m incredibly proud of what has been accomplished. Our WIN strategy, or What’s Important Now, made meaningful improvements in merchandising, real estate, and operating expenses:
 Extreme Value on Great Merchandise: Extreme Value is the cornerstone of our brand ... it is
the central tenet of our strategy ... and it differentiates us from other retailers in a highly competitive environment. It represents a promise to our customers to offer unique merchandise
at exceptional values. Our intense focus on improving the quality, value, and relevance of our merchandise assortments has been critical to our growth. Our sales of $5.4 billion in 2012 represent a $1 billion increase over 2005 when we began our WIN strategy.
Opportunistic Real Estate Strategy: As you may recall, the U.S. real estate market was surging back in 2005, and many retailers were aggressively growing their store counts. At the time, we operated over 1,500 stores — all
in the U.S. — but our sales trends had softened, and we needed to take action to enhance the financial health of our business. We slowed new store openings and increased store closings (including exiting the stand-alone furniture business), which reduced our overall store count to 1,401 by the end of 2005. In the years to follow, the downturn in the real estate market created opportunities for us to open new stores, often in locations with demographics and
traffic patterns better than our traditional fleet of stores. We ended 2012 with 1,495 stores in the U.S. and a better quality fleet from a location
and condition of store perspective. This has been critical in our ability to drive store productivity from $146 per selling square foot in 2005 to $163
in 2012.
Relentless Expense Control: In my first letter to our shareholders, I noted our cost of operations, in relation to sales, was just too high and it was critical for the future success of the business to reduce our expense structure. At that time, the expense ratio was 38.5%, and we quickly took actions to reduce our inventory levels and improve sell-through, realign our field operating structure, eliminate management redundancies, streamline tasks to reduce store payroll, and consolidate distribution operations. Over the years we’ve developed a culture that continuously and relentlessly looks to do more with less, and it shows in our results. For the last two years, the expense ratio has been closer to 33%, a significant improvement from where we started. This is a key component of our business model ... it allows us to leverage expenses on relatively low comparable store sales growth, and continuously provide Extreme Value prices to our customers.
   Big Lots, Inc. 2012 Annual Report

 All combined, we took a business that was marginally profitable and posted 6 consecutive years of record earnings, growing EPS from $0.14 in 2005 to
$2.99 (non-GAAP) in 2012. We generated nearly $2.5 billion of cash from operating activities, and reinvested it back into the business or returned it to you, our shareholders. Since 2005, we’ve invested nearly $1.9 billion to repurchase 71 million shares, or 62% of the share base, at an average price of less than $27. Beyond new store growth, our investments included an expansion into Canada, improvements in information technology, and training & development of our associates:
Expanding into Canada: In July 2011, we acquired Liquidation World, a broadline closeout retailer
in Canada. As a stand-alone business, Liquidation World had not been profitable in years and was struggling to survive. We devised a WIN strategy to increase and improve merchandise assortments, clean up the stores, and rebuild the team. We’re now in our second year of ownership, and we’re making good progress toward our goals. In 2012, we saw strength in the consumables, furniture, and seasonal categories as customers continued to respond favorably to our expanded assortments, higher quality merchandise, and Extreme Value.
In 2013, we’ll start to introduce the Big Lots® brand to Canada by opening a couple of new stores and rebranding a handful of existing Liquidation World locations. We expect Big Lots Canada to be an important part of our long-term growth strategy, and we are eager to realize its full potential.
Investing in Technology: For those of you who have followed us for any length of time, you know we like to be proactive in our investments in technology and infrastructure. We believe this approach yields a better, more cost effective product. Our investments over the years have included new point of sale register systems,
new merchandising & inventory systems, and new financial systems. In 2012, we started work on a new warehouse management system,
new HR systems, and new real estate systems ... each targeted at increasing productivity, streamlining business processes, and positioning us for the future.
We believe in a workplace that values associates and encourages growth and development.
People - Our Most Important Asset: During my tenure at Big Lots, I’ve had the opportunity to
work with so many great people that have helped to reinvigorate this business. As a company, we strive to attract and retain a diverse team of highly motivated and talented individuals. At any given moment, there are nearly 40,000 people
working in our stores, distribution centers, field organization, and corporate office. We’re committed to driving successful talent management throughout our organization. Talent Development programs like our Merchant in Training (MIT) Program, Building Excellent Store Teams (BEST), 1000 Ways To Succeed, our Leadership Institute, and our Store Management Program are helping us prepare our team for new challenges and
future growth. We believe a workplace that values associates, rewards contributions, and encourages growth and development is essential for our long-term success and prosperity.
We also believe it is important to give back to the communities that support us. I am very proud of initiatives such as our Lots2Give® program, our national 18-year partnership with Toys for Tots, and our support of the Furniture Bank of Central Ohio. Additionally, our community involvement extends to Feeding America, food pantries, and dozens of other programs in education, the arts, and social services in the communities we serve.
     
 We've remained focused on being nothing less than the best.
All of this has been accomplished during some of
the most volatile, uncertain economic periods in U.S. history. Yet despite these unpredictable times,
we’ve remained focused with a consistent goal of being nothing less than the best, most exciting value retailer. We are proud of our achievements and as we look forward to 2013 and beyond, we know
our continued success depends on our ability to evolve with our customers, to be more innovative and efficient, and to take advantage of new opportunities to continue to deliver Extreme Value. Every three years, we develop the Company’s long range plan, a vision of where we see the future opportunities
for Big Lots. It’s a strategic roadmap for the future
of the business. This year’s plan has a few key test initiatives, all with a common objective — drive higher sales and transactions by reducing customer barriers to shopping our stores:
Full Market Remodels: This test represents our most extensive remodel effort to date. The objective is simple — give our customer a “like new” shopping experience. Unlike store-by-store renovation programs of the past, this initiative is focused on an entire market ... important markets where we have a history of success. The store renovations are extensive — new fixtures, floors, ceilings, doors, lighting, and signs. And when the construction is complete, we invite our customers back to the stores in the market with local media and marketing.
Loyalty Program Improvements: Since its introduction in 2008, we’ve built a loyalty program with over 15 million members. The program has allowed us to explore new and innovative ways to reach our customers. For instance, our members receive online ad circulars and notifications of special promotions and shopping events. We’re now looking to make
the program even more successful to get our most loyal customers into our stores more often and develop new Big Lots fanatics.
Coolers, Freezers, and SNAP Benefits: We are also executing a test that combines adding coolers and freezers to our stores and accepting food stamps (or SNAP benefits as they are known today) as a form of payment. The recent economic downturn
has left more and more Americans relying on government assistance. In the past, we have not accepted food stamps and, for many, this may be
a reason for not shopping our stores. We recognize the importance of evolving with our customers. However, to be able to accept SNAP benefits,
a retailer must qualify by offering a product assortment that complies with federal regulations. For Big Lots, this requires adding perishable food in coolers and freezers. We believe a successful test will mean our customers shop the entire store, not just the refrigerated convenience items ... but that is why it is a test.
     After nearly four decades in retail, I’m excited to embark on a new chapter of my life, enjoying the years ahead with my family and friends. I want to thank all of our associates, our Board of Directors, and our shareholders for their support during my tenure. As I look to the future, I remain confident in the direction of the Company and believe Big Lots is well positioned to build on our past success and generate profitable growth for many years to come.
Sincerely,
Steven S. Fishman
Chairman, CEO and President
  Big Lots, Inc. 2012 Annual Report
