  Dear Fellow Shareholders,
2014 was a remarkable year for Biogen and for the patients whom we serve.
We brought new therapies to market, expanded our leadership in multiple sclerosis (MS) and introduced important new treatments for hemophilia. We delivered strong financial performance through
solid execution across our commercial organization. And we demonstrated that by focusing on novel science and our
core areas of expertise, we can create meaningful medical advances in areas of critical unmet need — ultimately helping to improve lives, benefit healthcare systems and serve our shareholders.
GEORGE A.
SCANGOS, Ph.D.
Chief Executive Officer
The performance of our new and established therapies, and the disciplined management of our business, resulted
in our most financially successful year ever. In 2014, we reported revenue of $9.7 billion, a 40 percent increase over 2013, and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $13.83, a 54 percent increase over 2013.
Our success has fueled investments
in early-stage research and our clinical pipeline, areas in which we are making great progress. In 2014, we advanced important clinical programs in MS
2 | BIOGEN 2014 ANNUAL REPORT

and Alzheimer’s disease; we significantly augmented our team of leading researchers; we made important investments in new drug development platforms, including gene therapy; and we began exploring new ways to use wearable devices and other technologies to improve patient outcomes.
During the past year we also made a decision to shorten our company name
to Biogen. The old Biogen and the old IDEC each contributed meaningfully to our current success, but today we are a new company, distinct from either parent, and we hope not only to carry on our heritage of excellence but to forge new ground.
Our name is intended to acknowledge that heritage but also to create a new image to reflect our new reality.
Today, Biogen is more focused than
ever on the areas where we can have
the greatest impact through science that truly matters. In the year ahead, we hope to continue to demonstrate how the pieces we have brought together can benefit patients worldwide.
SCIENCE: THE FOUNDATION FOR OUR GROWTH
Today we have a robust portfolio of high- quality compounds in clinical development. We believe that many of these programs
have the potential not only to influence our company’s trajectory but to transform the treatment of debilitating diseases as well.
At the end of 2014, we reported positive interim results from our Phase 1b trial of aducanumab (BIIB037), an experimental treatment for Alzheimer’s disease.
This study found that treatment with aducanumab resulted in a statistically significant time- and dose-dependent reduction in amyloid plaque in the brains of patients with prodromal and mild Alzheimer’s disease. In exploratory analyses we also saw a statistically significant reduction in cognitive decline after one year of treatment.
While the stage of this research is still early, and there is much to be learned,
we believe the Phase 1b results were compelling. They are the first indication that we might be able to intervene to
slow the cognitive decline in Alzheimer’s disease patients. Based on the strength
of these data and the tremendous need
for effective Alzheimer’s disease therapies, we are working aggressively to initiate a global Phase 3 clinical trial program in 2015.
We also looked to further expand our Alzheimer’s disease pipeline in 2014 by establishing a collaboration with Eisai Co., Ltd. to jointly develop and
 SCIENCE THAT TRULY MATTERS | 3

 commercialize two of Eisai’s clinical candidates. This collaboration, along with our internal candidates, creates one of the most robust Alzheimer’s disease development programs in the industry.
Early this year we reported results from
a Phase 2 trial of our experimental remyelinating antibody anti-LINGO-1
in acute optic neuritis (AON). We chose AON for this proof of biology study because it is relatively straightforward to measure an improvement in function of the optic nerve, which is demyelinated in AON.
The trial showed an improvement in optic nerve latency, which is a reflection of the time it takes a signal to travel from the retina to the visual cortex.
These data suggest this was the first clinical trial to show evidence of repair in the central nervous system through remyelination, increasing our confidence in the potential of anti-LINGO-1 in the treatment of MS. We look forward to
the results of an ongoing Phase 2 trial of anti-LINGO-1 in MS, which we expect to see in 2016.
Beyond these accomplishments, we made additional progress in our clinical pipeline:
• We reported positive top-line
Phase 3 results for ZINBRYTATM in relapsing-remitting MS. Along with our collaboration partner AbbVie, we have submitted marketing authorization applications for ZINBRYTA in the
U.S. and EU.
• Our collaboration partner Isis Pharmaceuticals advanced Isis-SMNRX for spinal muscular atrophy into Phase 3.
• Through our acquisition in early 2015 of Convergence Pharmaceuticals,
we added a compelling Phase 2 candidate for trigeminal neuralgia,
a nerve disorder that causes severe pain and for which there are no meaningful treatments. This acquisition complements our ongoing efforts to develop treatments for neuropathic pain.
Along with these milestones, we also have early- and mid-stage studies underway
for lupus nephritis, idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis and stroke.
As we look further into the future,
our investments in novel science have helped accelerate the discovery of new targets and the development of therapies that we believe will enable us to make
a genuine impact for patients.
4 | BIOGEN 2014 ANNUAL REPORT

 SCIENCE THAT TRULY MATTERS | 5

We are integrating genomics into our discovery and development efforts, with great promise for how we target diseases in the future:
• Our two amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) consortia, made up of leading academic partners from across the U.S., are yielding important insights into the potential treatments for this devastating disease. For example, earlier this year we announced research that identified a new gene target for ALS — and demonstrated that a previously known gene plays
a potentially far greater role in the development and progression of the disease. This research demonstrates a commitment to accelerating the pace at which we are able to identify new pathways and develop targeted therapies.
• We also are working to accelerate the discovery of potential targets in other disease areas through research consortia focused on scleroderma, fibrosis and sickle cell anemia.
• We have significantly expanded our ability to use biomarkers and imaging to understand the mechanisms of disease and determine the effects
of the medicines we are developing — and whether experimental and existing therapies are effectively hitting their targets.
• Through an innovative collaboration with Google [X] Life Sciences,
we are pioneering the use of
emerging technologies to improve
our understanding of treatment effects in MS and the abilities of our medicines to impact patient outcomes.
• We further expanded our capabilities and talent in gene therapy and are now leveraging its use in multiple platforms and against multiple disease targets.
In 2014 we continued to make progress in our collaboration with Sangamo BioSciences to develop gene therapy- based approaches to treat beta- thalassemia and sickle cell disease, and in early 2015 we announced
an agreement with San Raffaele- Telethon Institute for Gene Therapy (TIGET) focused on developing single- dose treatments for hemophilia.
CAPITALIZING ON OUR OPPORTUNITIES
While laying the groundwork for the development of future therapies, we are simultaneously executing in our markets — and by all measures our commercial organization performed exceptionally well.
6 | BIOGEN 2014 ANNUAL REPORT

• TECFIDERA® is the number one prescribed oral MS therapy in the United States. In Germany, it is the most prescribed MS therapy after less than a year on the market. More than
135,000 people with MS have been treated with TECFIDERA worldwide, and we believe it will continue to grow as we move forward with our launch efforts.
• TYSABRI® remains the preferred
choice for MS patients who require a high-efficacy option, and this year saw renewed growth even as it faces strong competition from oral MS therapies. We believe this is a reflection of the important and unique value it provides to patients.
• We introduced PLEGRIDY® for the treatment of relapsing forms of MS, providing patients with an interferon
that can be dosed once every two weeks. We believe PLEGRIDY is well positioned to become the treatment of choice in
the interferon class.
These results speak to our managed approach to providing physicians
and patients an integrated portfolio
of therapies. Building on these accomplishments, we believe there
is an opportunity to reach more patients
as we further expand our current products and work to bring new treatment options to patients.
Through 2014, approximately 38 percent of MS patients worldwide were treated with a Biogen product.
2014 also saw Biogen’s entry into the hemophilia market with the introduction of ALPROLIX® for the treatment of hemophilia B and ELOCTATE® for hemophilia A, which offer longer intervals between infusions. Short of a cure, we believe reducing infusion frequency is the largest unmet need for the hemophilia community. ALPROLIX and ELOCTATE have seen positive early uptake. More than
60 percent of hemophilia treatment centers in the U.S. have prescribed each product, an important accomplishment.
Beyond our core medicines, our anti- CD20 portfolio of RITUXAN® and GAZYVA®, promoted by our collaboration partner Genentech, a member of the Roche Group, continued to contribute significantly to
our bottom line. In 2014, we recorded $1.2 billion in revenue from these therapies.
 SCIENCE THAT TRULY MATTERS | 7

 We continue to make progress in biosimilars through Samsung Bioepis, our joint venture with Samsung Biologics
— and in 2014 we established a new business unit that will focus specifically
on the commercialization of biosimilar products. In 2014, the European Medicines Agency (EMA) accepted Samsung Bioepis’ marketing authorization application (MAA) for a biosimilar version of ENBREL® (etanercept), and in March 2015, Samsung Bioepis received acceptance of an MAA
for a biosimilar version of REMICADE® (infliximab).
We believe our efforts in biosimilars enable us to participate in a valuable and growing business while offering an alternative for payers and health systems to reduce the burden of treatment costs. We have made a significant commitment to this space and believe our expertise
in protein engineering and biologics manufacturing will continue to advance high-quality treatments.
Our business is built on great medicines, great strategy and great execution, and today we have a robust foundation that allows for continued investment
to support future growth.
IMPROVING LIVES, BEYOND MEDICINES
Although our company is focused on pioneering science, clinical development
and commercial execution, we continually work to improve the lives of patients beyond the medicines we deliver.
The same intellectual discipline that underlies our science is reflected in our approach to patient access, philanthropy, sustainability and community improvement.
We support patients and their caregivers with a range of best-in-class services and programs under the MS ActiveSource® umbrella to help with the informational, emotional and logistical considerations that are part of living with MS.
We also help patients and their families address the financial impact of treatment through our ActiveAccessTM program.
In 2014, we provided financial assistance valued at more than $1 billion in the form of free drug and insurance copayment support, infusion assistance and charitable contributions. Our access
and assistance programs have set a standard in MS and we are bringing the same commitment to the hemophilia community through our programs, MyALPROLIXTM and MyELOCTATETM.
In some cases, ensuring access requires bolder efforts. In many developing countries, there is little or no access
to hemophilia treatments, and the lack of access to clotting factor presents an urgent need and important public health
8 | BIOGEN 2014 ANNUAL REPORT

 SCIENCE THAT TRULY MATTERS | 9

 challenge. With our collaborator Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB (Sobi), this year
we will begin to deliver on our pledge
to donate up to 1 billion international units of clotting factor over the next
10 years to humanitarian aid programs in the developing world. This donation has the potential to transform the model for humanitarian aid in the global hemophilia community, as for the first time developing countries will have access to a reliable, sustained supply of clotting factor.
We continue to be a leader in the efficient use of natural resources and to serve as
a model for protection of the environment. In 2014, Biogen again led our industry on the prestigious Dow Jones Sustainability World Index, remaining the only U.S.- based biotechnology company to make
the list. We have also made the Dow Jones Sustainability Index North America
for four consecutive years, one of only three biotech companies included.
And earlier this year, we were named
the world’s most sustainable company
in the Corporate Knights index of the Global 100 most sustainable corporations in the world.
We also continued to set an example with regard to diversity and inclusion in the workplace. Over the past several years,
Biogen has made significant advancements in supporting a diverse workforce and promoting a more inclusive culture, earning a perfect score of 100 on the Human Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index, and placement in the Boston Globe’s “Top Places to Work.”
In philanthropy, the Biogen Foundation continues to build a global network to expand our commitment to science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) education programming worldwide, with three distinct areas of focus
during 2014:
• Signature STEM partnerships, including grants to advance teacher training with organizations including Teach for America, NOVA Labs and Citizen Schools;
• International expansion of our Foundation programs, with grants
in 2014 to support science education programs in several of the regions where Biogen operates, including
the UK Science Museum in London, the Experimentarium in Denmark
and the Science Center Technorama in Switzerland; and
• Employee engagement, including our growing commitment to communities through the matching of Biogen
10 | BIOGEN 2014 ANNUAL REPORT

 SCIENCE THAT TRULY MATTERS | 11

 employee donations to eligible 501(c) (3) nonprofit organizations in the U.S., as well as our signature Care Deeply Volunteer Day, a global initiative through which nearly 3,000 of our employees participated in activities
to support their local communities.
We also expanded our pioneering Community Lab program, opening a
new Community Lab facility in Cambridge, Massachusetts, and launching a new program in Research Triangle Park,
North Carolina. Since we introduced
the Community Lab in 2002, more
than 25,000 middle- and high-school students have participated in hands-on laboratory experiments at our research facilities, providing a practical educational experience linked to their academic
work, while offering access to mentors, equipment and valuable exposure to
the possibilities of science careers.
Every one of us embodies and represents our commitment to improve the communities where we operate
and the lives of the patients we serve. We remain rooted in a core foundation of inclusiveness, respect, commitment to purpose and being deeply ethical — core values that we believe have created the strong position we find ourselves
in today.
A CLEAR PATH FORWARD
We are at an extraordinary time in
our history. We have built a successful and growing business by putting science and patients at the center of every decision and investment we make. We are proud of the impact our efforts are having, and now we are better positioned than ever to leverage advances in biology, genomics and technology to pursue treatments for some of humanity’s most intractable diseases.
Each of our more than 7,500 employees has a stake in the success of these efforts.
As we carry forward once again as Biogen, we have a clear sense of mission and a clear focus that everything we do helps to truly make a difference in people’s lives.
George A. Scangos, Ph.D. Chief Executive Officer
 12 | BIOGEN 2014 ANNUAL REPORT
