Dear Fellow Shareholders,
Biogen Idec delivered strong financial performance. This included a 19% increase in adjusted pro forma non-GAAP revenue -- $2.2 billion in 2004 versus $1.85 billion in 2003.
IN 2004 -- OUR FIRST FULL YEAR AS A COMBINED ORGANIZATION,

This revenue growth was driven primarily by the superb performance of AVONEX® (Interferon beta-1a) and RITUXAN® (rituximab). Revenues for AVONEX, the world's leading therapy for multiple sclerosis (MS), rose 21% to $1.42 billion as compared to 2003 adjusted pro forma non-GAAP revenues of $1.17 billion. Co-promotion profits for RITUXAN, the world's leading therapy for certain types of B-cell non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (NHL), grew by 25% to $615 million. We market RITUXAN in the United States in collaboration with Genentech, Inc. All U.S. sales of RITUXAN are recognized by Genentech, and we record our share of the pretax co-promotion profits on a quarterly basis. In November 2004, TYSABRI® (natalizumab), formerly known as ANTEGREN®, a new therapy we jointly developed with Elan Corporation, plc, was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of relapsing forms of MS to reduce the frequency of clinical relapses. In February 2005, in consultation with the FDA, we voluntarily suspended marketing and commercial distribution of TYSABRI and told physicians that they should suspend treating patients with TYSABRI until further notification. At the same time, we suspended dosing in all clinical trials of TYSABRI, including those in MS, Crohn's disease and rheumatoid arthritis (RA). These decisions were based on reports of two cases of a rare and frequently fatal demyelinating disease of the central nervous system called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy (PML) that occurred in patients treated with TYSABRI in combination with AVONEX in clinical trials. The affected patients had received more than two years of TYSABRI therapy in combination with AVONEX. In light of the two reports of PML, we and Elan initiated a systematic review of the TYSABRI safety database. On March 30, 2005, the companies announced that the review of the safety database led a serious adverse event previously reported by a clinical investigator in a clinical study of TYSABRI in Crohn's disease to be reassessed as PML. The case was originally reported by the investigator as a malignant astrocytoma in July 2003. The patient died in December 2003. The patient had received 8 doses of TYSABRI over an 18-month period and prior medication history included multiple courses of immunosuppressant agents. We and Elan are working with clinical investigators to evaluate patients treated with TYSABRI in clinical trials and have convened an expert panel to better understand the possible risk of PML in patients treated with TYSABRI. The outcome of these evaluations

2

BIOGEN IDEC 2004 ANNUAL REPORT

will be used, in consultation with regulatory authorities, to determine TYSABRI's possible re-initiation of dosing in clinical studies and future commercial availability. We share in the extreme disappointment over the need to suspend TYSABRI. Ultimately, however, patient safety is paramount, and we recognize that Biogen Idec built itself into a biotechnology industry leader based on scientific excellence and putting patients at the center of all we do. We are heartened by the continued interest from many physicians and patients in TYSABRI, even in light of these recent events. To build for the future and continue our efforts to serve patients for years to come, we invested 31% of our 2004 revenue -- or $688 million -- into a wide range of research and development programs in 2004. This extraordinary investment is aimed at three areas: promoting programs that potentially will bring us into new markets, exploring new applications for existing products, and advancing earlier stage programs already in our pipeline. We are also advancing a number of new opportunities into development, both from our own internal research and through corporate partnerships. We expect to continue a similar level of investment in our future for at least the next several years. We made noteworthy progress in several areas of development during 2004. AMEVIVE® (alefacept), our therapy for adults with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis, received marketing approvals in several countries, including Canada, Australia and Israel. ZEVALIN® (ibritumomab tiuxetan) received approval in Europe for the treatment of patients with CD20-positive, follicular B-cell NHL who are refractory or have relapsed following RITUXAN therapy. Schering AG holds marketing and distribution rights for ZEVALIN outside the United States. We also continue to explore new indications for RITUXAN, one of the most successful biologics in the history of the biotechnology industry. In addition to new uses in cancer, we and our RITUXAN development partners, Genentech and F. Hoffman-LaRoche, are studying its potential in RA. In November, we announced that the DANCER Phase IIb clinical study of RITUXAN in patients with moderate-to-severe RA who were also treated with methotrexate met its primary endpoint. A significantly greater proportion of RITUXAN plus methotrexate-treated patients achieved improved symptoms that were sustained for up to 48 weeks compared to placebo. In addition, positive results from an earlier, Phase IIa trial were published in the New England Journal of Medicine in June. In-licensing is also a key part of building our pipeline. We have positioned Biogen Idec to be a "partner of choice" for other drug developers based on our science, manufacturing capabilities and global market reach. During 2004, we signed several significant

BIOGEN IDEC 2004 ANNUAL REPORT

3

collaborations. One, with Vernalis plc, focuses on a potential new therapy for Parkinson's disease and other central nervous system disorders, which we hope to advance to Phase II clinical testing during 2005. In the field of oncology, we announced several new collaborations, including those with Sunesis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and ImmunoGen, Inc. Biogen Idec's strengths in process development and manufacturing have made us a global leader in biopharmaceutical manufacturing. In 2004, we worked to maximize productivity in our AVONEX manufacturing processes and prepared for the approval of TYSABRI. Work continues at an aggressive pace at our new NIMO large-scale manufacturing facility in Oceanside, California, which, if TYSABRI becomes commercially available again, we expect to be in active use by 2006. During 2004, we also restarted construction on our planned large-scale manufacturing facility in Denmark. Two thousand four was a year of significant achievements. We look ahead to further oppor tunities in 2005 and beyond, even as we address the challenges regarding TYSABRI. We thank our employees for their commitment, teamwork and zeal, and our business partners, clinical investigators, doctors, nurses, patients and shareholders for the trust they have placed in us. We believe your faith is well founded, and that together we will move forward to further accomplishments.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM H. RASTETTER, PH.D. EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN BIOGEN IDEC INC.

JAMES C. MULLEN CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRESIDENT BIOGEN IDEC INC.

4

BIOGEN IDEC 2004 ANNUAL REPORT

