C E O ' S

L E T T E R

On behalf of Biogen's more than 2,000 employees around the world, it is my privilege to report a performance that I believe ranks 2001 as one of the most memorable and impressive years in this company's history. Solid business fundamentals are a Biogen hallmark, and in 2001 we continued this tradition: a strong cash position, minimal debt and a straightforward business model. Standard measures of financial performance continued to show the growth and improvement that people have come to associate with a top-tier biotechnology company. Revenues grew to the $1 billion mark ­ driven by continued strong performance of our flagship product, the multiple sclerosis drug AVONEX ® (Interferon beta-1a). Reaching this level of sales is more than a symbolic achievement. It's a validation of the basic business strategy that distinguishes Biogen from competitors throughout the biotech world. Income before income taxes for 2001 reached $390 million, reflecting a compound annual growth rate of 57 percent since 1996. Operating earnings per share rose to $1.90. Biogen also continued to build it's world-class engine for drug discovery. We invested more than $314 million in research and development, or 30 percent of revenues. That is a higher percentage of R&D investment than for virtually all other leading names in biotechnology. This cornerstone of our strategy is creating value ­ steadily producing a pipeline of innovative and much-needed medical treatments. In 2001, Biogen completed the required regulatory filings (both in the U.S. and in Europe) for our new psoriasis drug, AMEVIVE® (alefacept), in an accelerated timeframe that set a new industry standard. Once again, we demonstrated the extraordinary capacity of Biogen's people to redefine the rules of the game in product development and commercialization. Equally significant, we recorded numerous major accomplishments that go well beyond short-term, dollars-and-cents measures. We planted and nurtured the strategic seeds of growth ­ seeds that will bear fruit as exciting new products. In addition to the above-mentioned progress for AVONEX and AMEVIVE, we also started six other promising clinical trials ­ including three in Phase III, one in Phase II and three in Phase I. What's more, we developed nine additional major research candidates and moved three into the pre-clinical stages. As these new products are launched and the pipeline grows, our lackluster performance in the stock market will improve. The market will recognize that Biogen has successfully evolved into a company with the skills, resources and commitment to deliver a sustainable pipeline of innovative medical therapies. With each passing day, Biogen is creating value ­ and this value will be reflected in our share price. During 2001, we also made several important advances in transforming the promise of biotechnology into reality for customers around the world.

JA MES C. MUL LE N PRESIDENT & CEO

First, we reaffirmed Biogen's position as an industry leader in manufacturing bioengineered therapies. In North Carolina's Research Triangle Park, we completed construction and commissioning of our large-scale manufacturing complex ­ one of the largest cell culture manufacturing facilities in the world. Preliminary work also began at our planned manufacturing facility in Denmark. Our "in-house" ability to manufacture complex biologic products to exacting quality standards on a consistent and cost-efficient basis remains one of Biogen's most important competitive strengths. Biogen also marked notable progress in the development of our commercial capacities during the year. As we extend our direct sales capabilities in the global arena, we now have significantly expanded our marketing staff and expertise. Direct selling is an important capability and distinction because it creates twice the profit and value as selling through partners. Biogen is one of only a few biotech companies to have maintained worldwide rights to all our products. Two of our products are 50 percent partnered collaborations, and are not joint ventures. The rest of our pipeline is 100 percent owned by Biogen and offers maximum value for our shareholders ­ by selling directly in the most important markets in the world. Our progress in 2001 reflects our conviction that success in biotechnology demands discipline. The discipline to focus energy, time and resources toward attainable goals and objectives. The discipline to remember that ideals and intentions alone can only go so far. They must be married to a sustainable, replicable commercial process ­ bringing products to market and improvements to patients' lives. That simple reality lies at the heart of our performance in 2001, our long-term track record of exceptional performance over time and our expectations for still greater success in the years ahead. 2001 marked my first full year as Biogen's CEO. Although I have been part of this organization for more than a dozen years, it's the past 12 months that have brought the greatest sense of reward. Biogen today is an energized team that is redefining industry norms ­ day after day after day. Together we have made remarkable progress, and there's a palpable confidence here of great things yet to come. So this year's report will provide information that goes behind "the numbers" ­ by also introducing a few of Biogen's people. Their own descriptions of our culture and accomplishments convey a different kind of information, complementing the tables and graphs of financial data. I am extremely proud of the Biogen team and am grateful for the individual and collective dedication they display every day. I thank them, along with our investors and our customers, for sharing our vision in the early days and for their continued support as we set our sights on the next exciting milestones.

James C. Mullen President & CEO

