to oUR SHaREHolDERS

We successfully completed our landmark merger on July 1, 2007, creating a well-positioned global growth company. The merger of The Bank of New York Company, Inc. and Mellon Financial Corporation has been a strategic and financial success for our shareholders, while expanding the services we offer clients and creating new opportunities for our staff around the world. In 2007, your company's total shareholder return was 19.4 percent, significantly outperforming the S&P 500 return of 5.5 percent and placing us in the top five of widely-held financial institutions around the world with market capitalization of over $50 billion. In addition, we achieved the following: Generated 17 percent revenue growth and 29 percent pre-tax earnings growth (FTE) in our businesses, led by securities servicing and asset management* Increased our global presence, with non-U.S. 
 revenue reaching a new high of 32 percent in the 
 fourth quarter on an operating basis, up from 
 27 percent in the prior year quarter*
 Achieved strong investment performance and 
 were top-ranked across our businesses in client 
 satisfaction globally
 Completed 25 percent of our expense synergy target, surpassing our published goals Generated tangible return on equity of 46 percent* Maintained strong capital ratios and debt ratings

2007 Cumulative Total Shareholder Return*

130 120 110 100 90 80
Dec 31, 06 Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec 07

BnY Mellon

S&p 500

12 Member peer Group

*Assumes the value of the investment in the Corporation's common stock, the S&P 500 stock index and the 12-member peer group was $100 on December 31, 2006, and that all dividends were reinvested. The graph reflects total shareholder returns for The Bank of New York from Dec. 31, 2006 to June 29, 2007 and for The Bank of New York Mellon from July 2, 2007 to Dec. 31, 2007.

Highlights of our Business
BNYMellonAssetManagement Assets under management are now over $1 trillion, an increase of 12 percent* over the prior year, with net flows of $69 billion. The Asset Management investment boutiques continued to deliver strong investment returns for clients, and made significant strides in product innovation, rapidly expanding our alternatives offerings, including 130/30 and market-neutral strategies. BNY Mellon Asset Management is a top five institutional asset manager in the U.S., with leading positions in the corporate and public pension, Taft-Hartley and endowments and foundations markets, while its Dreyfus affiliate is a major mutual fund player. In 2007 we continued our strong international growth, with revenue from non-U.S. clients accounting for 38 percent of overall revenue. We became the first foreign asset manager to receive regulatory approval under QDII as a sub-adviser to China Southern Fund Management Co. Ltd., agreed to establish a joint venture fund management company in China with Western Securities and acquired Brazil-based ARX Capital Management, a leading asset manager specializing in Brazilian equity and alternative investment strategies. BNYMellonWealthManagement In Wealth Management, we combined the two legacy organizations to become one of the top ten wealth managers in the U.S., with a presence in 14 of the top 25 domestic wealth markets. During 2007 we achieved strong fee growth and maintained industry-leading client satisfaction scores. BNYMellonAssetServicing Asset Servicing has been remarkably successful in attracting new business and maintaining client loyalty during a time of transition. During 2007 assets under custody and administration grew by 13 percent* to $23.1 trillion, an industry record. Revenues and profits grew at double-digit rates. We are very proud of the fact that post-merger win and retention rates were better than each legacy company had enjoyed, as clients continued to view us as a quality leader. We received the highest number of "Top-Rated" recognitions and "Best in Class" awards in the 2007 Global Custodian Survey.

a Global Growth company
The new company adopted aggressive goals and quickly put plans in place to achieve them. The Bank of New York Mellon is dedicated to outperforming around the world in our two core businesses: asset management and securities servicing -- the latter including global custody, depositary receipts, corporate trust, clearing, and shareowner and broker-dealer services. To us, this means we will continue to expand internationally, provide the best client service and innovative products and generate superior investment performance. We aspire for first-quartile stock performance over time compared to our peers. We are well positioned to achieve these goals given the expected long-term growth rates and globalization of the financial markets, as well as our scale, client focus and strong capital base. Our goal is to achieve superior revenue growth relative to our peers and maintain margins that are competitive -- though not the highest, because we plan to keep reinvesting to maintain our edge. Realize, too, that as a predominantly fee-based company, our growth is not dependent on using our capital to grow our balance sheet. We work to deploy capital to accelerate our longterm growth rates. We have a history of making accretive acquisitions with attractive returns and reinvesting our remaining excess capital annually in share repurchases.
*  Growth rates and the fourth quarter 2006 percentage of non-U.S. revenue are on a pro forma combined basis. Growth rates, percentages of non-U.S. revenue and tangible return on equity exclude merger and integration expense, intangible amortization and other items as detailed in our fourth quarter of 2007 Quarterly Earnings Summary document. The fourth quarter 2007 percentage of non-U.S. revenue also excludes the fourth quarter of 2007 collateralized debt obligation write-down ($200 million pre-tax). On a GAAP basis, the 2007 tangible return on equity was 42 percent.

Assets Under Management
(in trillions)
$1.2 1.0 0.8 0.6 0.4 0.2 0
2002* 2003* 2004* 2005* 2006* 2007

Assets Under Custody and Administration (in trillions)
$25 20 15 10 5 0
2002* 2003* 2004* 2005* 2006* 2007

Brand and culture go hand in hand. Inside the company we put in place the building blocks for a corporate culture that supports our brand and institutionalizes our commitment to be #1 in client service. To set expectations for how we will behave, we introduced our values of Client Focus, Trust, Teamwork and Outperformance. We have a strong starting point, as reflected in an all-employee survey, which showed a broad commitment to these core principles. We set yet another ambitious goal: top-quartile employee engagement compared to peers. In other words, we want our people at all levels to be interested, involved and inspired. It's just good business. It leads to better service and performance and makes it easier to attract and retain the best people. We expect it will take a couple of years to achieve this goal but we are already using internal and external measures to gauge our progress.

*Pro-forma totals for legacy The Bank of New York Company and Mellon Financial Corporation.

In December we purchased the remaining 50 percent stake in ABN AMRO Mellon Global Securities Services B.V. This joint venture enjoyed great success outside North America in providing custody and related services. Our full ownership has increased our opportunities in the fastest-growing regions of the world. TheBankofNewYorkMellonIssuerServices Issuer Services addresses the needs of equity and fixed-income issuers. In addition to achieving record earnings and maintaining number one market shares in corporate trust and depositary receipts globally and in shareowner services in the U.S., we enjoy a strong reputation for quality. In 2007 we were named trustee and administrative service provider of the year by Opal Financial Group and trustee of the year by International Securitisation Report magazine. In addition, we were rated the top firm for overall client satisfaction among large transfer agents according to an independent satisfaction survey conducted by Group Five Inc. and recognized by J.D. Power for providing "An Outstanding Customer Service Experience" in shareowner services. TheBankofNewYorkMellonClearing&ExecutionServices Clearing & Execution Services experienced strong growth with record financial results. Pershing LLC continued to extend its market leadership as a provider of clearing, financing and custody services for introducing broker-dealers and registered investment advisors. TheBankofNewYorkMellonTreasuryServices Treasury Services achieved strong earnings growth over the prior year. In addition, we ranked number one in 17 categories in Global Investor's 2007 Foreign Exchange (FX) Survey, including "Best FX Service Overall." Working Capital Solutions was voted number one for cash management relationships, bank operations, customer service, implementation and e-commerce in the 2007 Greenwich Cash Management Quality Index. People,PartnershipsandPerformance This fall we launched our new brand identity using the logo you see on the cover. Its simplicity and elegance reflect our focus on institutional and high-net-worth clients. To build awareness and familiarity of our brand, we launched a new advertising campaign focused on the qualities that distinguish us in the market: the strength of our people, the partnerships we forge with our clients and our ability to consistently deliver superior performance to all of our constituencies, including our shareholders.

2008 Business priorities
Although the economic environment is challenging, the people of your company entered 2008 energized and focused on a set of clear business priorities: Outperforming in every market we serve. Better service plus better performance equal faster growth. Clients will stay with us, do more business with us and recommend us with great enthusiasm. It's a simple formula that works. Maintaining the highest ethical standards with best-in-class compliance programs and an unwavering commitment to doing the right thing. Making our company a place where talent globally wants 
 to work. We are creating a diverse, inclusive and 
 supportive culture where everyone has the opportunity 
 to contribute, develop and excel.
 Achieving a timely and seamless integration. We are working hard to make the integration a non-event from a client perspective. We finished 2007 well ahead of our pre-tax expense synergy target, driving toward a goal of $700 million per year by the end of next year. We have also identified opportunities to generate incremental revenue synergies of $250-400 million per year by 2011. The exceptional people of this company are working hard to outperform our peers and exceed your high expectations. We want to sincerely thank them for a terrific year during a period of substantial change and uncertainty. Our performance is a real testament to the quality of our teams and their ability to focus on what matters most -- our clients. We also offer our gratitude to our directors for their collaborative approach and the support they have offered in a significant time of transition, and to the shareholders of both legacy companies for their continued show of confidence. We have a great future ahead of us. Thank you for joining us. Yours sincerely,

Thomas A. Renyi Executive Chairman

Robert P. Kelly Chief Executive Officer

