Dear Fellow ShareholDerS
In 2013, we continued to reinvent our company to meet the increasingly complex investing needs of our
 clients. We are proud to be the investments company for the world. BNY Mellon is singularly focused on
 the investment lifecycle ­ either servicing financial assets through our Investment Services business or
 managing them through our 16 boutiques that make up Investment Management and providing investment
 advice through our wealth management offerings. Our clients entrust us with their valuable financial assets,
 and it is that stewardship responsibility that drives us.
 Secular trends are shaping our strategy for providing solutions to help our clients meet their objectives.
 The investment process is becoming increasingly global. In a low-interest-rate environment, with slow
 economic growth in almost every part of the world, investors are challenged to find adequate risk-adjusted
 returns. Pension funds are no longer being created to build protection for retiring employees and populations
 in developed countries are aging, putting further strain on individuals' ability to meet their long-term needs.
 Consequently, individuals are now charged with saving and investing for themselves.
 Investors ­ be they sophisticated global investment managers, hedge funds, endowments and foundations,
 sovereign wealth funds, governments, financial advisors, families, individuals or the banks and broker-dealers
 that act as intermediaries to the markets ­ all turn to us for our deep investments expertise and integrated
 set of services and advice to solve some of the most complex issues in the investment process. Our broad
 perspective enables us to address some of the world's more pressing investment challenges, powering global
 investments to help our clients succeed.
 Many people think of or describe BNY Mellon as a "custody bank." It is true that we are the world's largest
 custodian, with more than $27 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration. We earn recurring fees for
 providing these services. Custody is also the foundation for a growing series of fee-based services we provide
 across multiple asset classes. We are in the business of developing sophisticated solutions that allow our
 clients to better understand their portfolios of assets and how they might perform under various scenarios,
 and allow them to nimbly develop investment strategies should their outlook change.
 What we do differently from other "custody banks" is that we also provide clearing and settlement services
 for the vast majority of the world's institutional broker-dealers. In addition, we provide technology through the
 Pershing platform that services broker-dealers and financial advisors of all sizes who, in turn, offer capabili ties to their end clients. We are among the world's largest providers of clearing for institutions and services for
 financial advisors. And, increasingly, these technology platforms are being developed and used globally and far
 beyond traditional clearing and recordkeeping purposes. I say all this because, in Investment Services, we are
 a technology and services company embedded in a well-capitalized, extremely liquid, conservatively managed
 and highly rated bank. And our company is an institution that is integral to the smooth and continuous
 functioning of the world's financial markets.
 This brings me to Investment Management. It is a terrific business and highly complementary to our other
 businesses. It, too, is fee-based and relies on intellectual rather than financial capital to grow and thrive. It is
 driven by people who research, study, analyze and develop investment portfolios and strategies that meet the
 needs of our discerning clients. We have become the eighth-largest investment manager in the world through
 our 16 highly successful investment boutiques. Each boutique is run as a separately branded firm with its own
 investment strategies, products and/or fund structures, and independently managed for the benefit of the
 investors it serves.
 Investment Management takes advantage of being associated with the world's largest Investment Services
 firm. The technology platforms and services I discussed earlier are utilized extensively by our various
 boutiques. Investment Management is actively collaborating with our Pershing team on developing a separately
 managed account platform in the Asia Pacific region where our investment products will be prominently
 offered. It is the first multicurrency platform of its kind, where other financial institutions and their advisors
 will have the ability to select investment products from us and other leading asset managers that fit their
 clients' needs.
 Our Wealth Management unit is also collaborating with Pershing, offering banking products and trust services
 to clients of financial advisors who subscribe to Pershing's platform. And there are many more such efforts
 across our two major businesses that have real upside potential for our clients and shareholders.


Since our role is so critical, we purposely manage our balance sheet conservatively and take relatively modest credit risk. Our clients not only entrust us with their assets, they also tend to leave their excess cash with us, particularly during times of stress, as we are viewed as a safe haven. We invest that cash in relatively shortduration, high-quality assets. We have purposely limited the credit risk in our investment securities and loan portfolios, which makes us a very attractive counterparty. In this prolonged low-rate environment, we have also reduced the duration risk in our securities portfolio, positioning us to benefit when short-term interest rates ultimately rise. We have purposely maintained strict investment criteria in our securities portfolio at the sacrifice of income in the short term, but strongly feel that is the most prudent course for us. Our business model is one that is fee income-based and does not rely on growing risk-weighted assets. We generate significant capital that can be reinvested in new services and strategies that can either drive future earnings or be returned to our shareholders. We have significant financial flexibility and are very focused on managing capital wisely for the benefit of our shareholders.

reVIew oF oUr PerForMaNCe
BNY Mellon had a successful year in 2013, with solid financial results that highlight our focus on driving organic growth, building our capital base, powering innovation and operational excellence and returning excess capital to shareholders. Here are a few highlights: · SHAREHOLDER RETURN: In 2013, our Total Shareholder Return was 39 percent. That was after a 32 percent increase in 2012. We outperformed the S&P 500 Financials Index and our peer group. Admittedly, however, we are still lagging in these measures over a three- and five-year horizon, so we must continue to stay focused on driving performance for the future. · BOOK VALUE: As of year-end, our book value per common share was $31.48, up 4 percent versus 2012. Book value remains one of the best measures of our progress in increasing the long-term value of our company. · RETURN ON TANGIBLE COMMON EQUITY: By this measure, we achieved a healthy return of 15.4 percent1 in 2013, but it was down from 19.3 percent1 in 2012. The year-over-year decline in returns reflects additional equity to support the regulatory capital requirements as well as a large tax reserve we took related to a legacy Bank of New York tax matter that significantly impacted current income. One of our key goals for 2014 is improving our return on equity. · EARNINGS PER SHARE: On a core basis, we did well and earned $2.24 per share1 in 2013, up 10 percent1 year over year. But that is after adjusting for the tax reserve we took for the legacy Bank of New York tax matter I noted above, which had the effect of reducing earnings to $1.74 per share on a GAAP basis. Among our most notable accomplishments in 2013, we: · grew assets under management by 14 percent year over year, with net inflows of $100 billion; · grew assets under custody and/or administration by 5 percent year over year; ·  increased the quarterly common stock dividend by 15 percent and repurchased more than $1 billion of our common stock, resulting in a payout ratio for 2013 of 83 percent; and ·  strengthened our capital position over the year, ending 2013 with an estimated Basel III Tier 1
 common equity ratio under the Advanced Approach of 11.3 percent.2


oUr BUSINeSSeS
In 2013, we delivered strong growth in our core investment management and investment services fees and continued to invest for future growth. INVESTMENT SERVICES ­ Investment services fees benefitted from new business, increased client activity and improved equity values. Our assets under custody and/or administration totaled $27.6 trillion at the end of 2013, up $1.3 trillion, or 5 percent year over year. Many of the drivers of our Investment Services business showed significant improvement over 2012. Let me share some business metrics that help explain our underlying performance. Average long-term mutual fund assets (U.S. platform) grew 19 percent and global daily average revenue trades (DARTS) were up 18 percent, benefiting clearing services. Average Investment Services loans were up 11 percent, a sign of how of our Global Collateral Services business is growing. Depositary receipts programs were down, as certain programs terminated due to market events such as M&A and corporate restructurings, and we lost
II

some business as we strengthened our pricing discipline. In addition, ongoing weakness in the structured debt markets continued to impact Corporate Trust. Another important trend is that we are having more robust discussions with the largest investment managers in the world about offering a broader solution set beyond custody. For example, one of our largest hedge fund clients has been working with us in an outsourcing arrangement to provide an integrated set of capabilities that leverage our technology platforms to provide middle-office solutions that connect seamlessly with the clients' front-end, risk management and compliance systems. INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT ­ We had another year of excellent results in Investment Management. Fees were up strongly year over year and we attracted net inflows of $100 billion. Our distinctive investment capabilities, our success in delivering consistently strong investment performance and our quality client service were key factors in driving our results. Additionally, our outcome-oriented solutions were especially valuable to our clients in helping them meet their investment needs, and we experienced growth in demand for alternative investments, especially in credit-related investment offerings. Throughout 2013, we continued to expand our reach to a wide array of clients globally, including an expansion of our European distribution capabilities with both wholesale and institutional clients, and we experienced especially strong net flows as a result. In the Asia Pacific region, we continued to build out our distribution and manufacturing capabilities, including a range of Japanese equity strategies. In Wealth Management, we have become the seventh-largest wealth management firm in the U.S., with average Wealth Management loans up 18 percent and deposits up 22 percent during 2013.

CreaTING ShareholDer ValUe
We have a clear set of strategic priorities to accelerate our progress, increase the value we provide to our clients, deliver consistent earnings-per-share growth and improve our returns on equity. These priorities can be categorized into three major areas: · investments that generate organic revenue growth; · investments that improve the operational efficiency, productivity and resiliency of our firm; and ·  investments that enhance our ability to meet global regulatory requirements, mitigate systemic risks following the financial crisis and improve our risk management capabilities and oversight. INVeSTMeNTS ThaT GeNeraTe orGaNIC reVeNUe GrowTh We are making targeted investments to enhance our client solutions and create new revenue streams. Within Investment Services: · Our investment in creating an end-to-end solution for our clients' growing collateral needs has created new business opportunities ­ particularly in collateral segregation, optimization and margin lending ­ and has started to show up in our revenues. · The enhancements we introduced this year to our electronic Global Markets trading platforms 
 have enabled us to be more competitive and attract greater foreign exchange volumes.
 · We are investing in our technology platform to differentiate BNY Mellon in the marketplace by uniquely integrating brokerage and bank custody capabilities for financial intermediaries. · We established a new European Central Securities Depository to position our company to benefit from the structural changes in the European settlement process scheduled to go into effect in 2016. · We are enhancing our capabilities to service and support alternative assets on our global platforms. Early in 2014, we announced an agreement to acquire the remaining 65 percent interest of HedgeMark International, LLC, a provider of hedge fund managed account and risk analytic services. HedgeMark assists in the structuring, oversight and risk monitoring of hedge funds, specifically dedicated managed accounts. More and more, institutional investors globally are using dedicated managed accounts ­ single-investor funds ­ as a way to invest in hedge funds that allow for greater customization, transparency, liquidity and control.

III

Within Investment Management: · We are investing to grow our share of the U.S. retail investment market with our Dreyfus-branded products and expand our investment distribution capabilities to the retirement market. ·  Last June, we kicked off an ambitious two-year campaign to increase our Wealth Management sales force by 50 percent, which is helping us enter attractive new U.S. markets, such as Silicon Valley, and expand in large markets, such as Houston and Dallas. · We are continuing to expand our alternative investment offerings and strategies to meet the growing investor demand for alternatives, as institutions and individuals seek to enhance risk-adjusted returns. · We invested in the growth of a number of our investment boutiques, including the expansion of both the breadth of their investment capabilities, such as those of Alcentra, our global credit investment firm, as well as their geographic reach, such as facilitating the expansion of Insight into the U.S. and both Mellon Capital and Standish into Asia. During 2013, we launched our new BNY Mellon brand, centered on powering global investments to help our clients succeed. To help strengthen our brand recognition, we are investing in targeted sponsorships closely linked to the expansion of key businesses, such as the BNY Mellon Boat Race between Oxford and Cambridge universities, our presenting sponsorship of the Head of the Charles® Regatta and our lead sponsorship of the largest Andy Warhol exhibition ever held in Asia. During 2013, we were named Official Investments Company of the San Francisco 49ers, which supports our Wealth Management expansion and the planned opening of our Silicon Valley Innovation Lab in 2014. These moves will allow us to tap into and associate with an impressive talent pool of engineers, innovators and achievers. Our new Invested in the World advertising campaign highlights how our expertise and capabilities help the global markets work and our clients succeed. All these investments in organic growth require some upfront spending before we realize the related revenue, but we are confident they will enhance our financial results and shareholder value. INVeSTMeNTS ThaT IMProVe oUr oPeraTIoNal eFFICIeNCY, ProDUCTIVITY aND reSIlIeNCY The Operational Excellence Initiatives program we completed helped mitigate increased regulatory and compli ance costs and fund other strategic investments. It also set the stage for a broader effort that will engage the entire company in a continuous improvement process designed to increase efficiencies. This is an opportunity to become more flexible, innovative, collaborative and client-centric; invest in our growth initiatives; free up the resources to help reduce risk in the marketplace; and, very importantly, help us deliver positive operating leverage to our shareholders. Key components include: · taking advantage of the restructuring of our Investment Services businesses under one umbrella to strengthen collaboration and reduce costs; · further automating and reengineering work to increase straight-through processing, thereby creating service quality and productivity gains while reducing risk; · leveraging new cloud-based and other infrastructure technologies that allow us to reduce the cost of our infrastructure, dedicate a greater proportion of our technology expenditures to strategic efforts and improve our return on technology investment; and · better aligning pricing with value provided and reducing or eliminating sub-scale and low-margin activities. We recognize that at the end of the day, you need to see the results in two key metrics ­ positive operating leverage and an improving servicing fees-to-expense ratio in Investment Services. All of our business leaders have their personal goals and compensation more directly aligned with the performance around these key metrics, as appropriate. INVeSTMeNTS ThaT eNhaNCe oUr aBIlITY To MeeT GloBal reGUlaTorY reQUIreMeNTS aND To MaNaGe rISK We have been at the forefront of creating technology to significantly reduce the risks associated with secured intraday credit provided in the tri-party repurchase market, where we are the industry leader. We have made significant investments in technology enhancements to implement new procedures, controls and reporting ­

IV

an investment that is unique to our company. But, given our role in the clearing and tri-party market, we recognize our importance in solving one of the key areas of concern during and after the financial crisis. I am pleased to report that the intraday credit risk associated with the book of business where we operate as agent has been reduced by almost 85 percent, well on the way to achieving the goal of 90 percent risk reduction by the end of 2014 outlined by the tri-party reform task force sponsored by the Federal Reserve. We are setting the standard for the industry in reforming critical elements of the capital markets infrastructure, and we recognize the importance of maintaining strong relationships with our regulators. We have also invested in strengthening our compliance, risk and control functions, recognizing that our clients and the global capital markets rely on us to be resilient, no matter the circumstances. We have reinforced in every employee a risk-awareness mindset and responsibility for identifying and controlling risks. These efforts have impacted our expenses, but they are worth it: a sound and strong risk culture allows us the flexibility to adapt to changing regulatory environments, contributes to maintaining positive shareholder value and strengthens the trust our clients place in us to protect their assets. DePloYING CaPITal aND MaNaGING rISK wISelY Capital strength is one of the distinguishing characteristics of our institution. Our businesses generate capital at a relatively fast pace, and we do not rely significantly on growing risk-weighted assets to grow earnings. These attributes, combined with our high-quality balance sheet, allow us to perform well in stressed scenarios. They also provide us with the financial flexibility to make targeted investments that drive growth and, at the same time, return capital to our shareholders. We returned approximately $1.7 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases during 2013, reflecting our commitment to return capital to shareholders. Our key capital ratios remain strong, with an estimated Basel III Tier 1 common equity ratio under the Advanced Approach of 11.3 percent at year-end.2 In February 2014, the Federal Reserve announced that BNY Mellon had been approved to exit parallel run reporting for U.S. regulatory capital purposes. This approval reflects the fact that we have met specific risk management and measurement criteria when calculating risk-based capital requirements. While we await the final rules governing the new supplementary leverage ratio, we continue to generate significant levels of capital and have many options, if needed, to address this requirement with limited impact on our business.

INVeSTeD IN oUr worlD
Every financial services company has a responsibility to apply its resources and knowledge to help address the needs of our communities. Given the critical contribution BNY Mellon makes to the smooth functioning of the financial markets, our corporate social responsibility is extensive ­ helping our communities, maintaining the highest standards of integrity, and contributing to global financial growth, stability and systemic risk reduction. During 2013, BNY Mellon was recognized by two leading CSR ratings organizations. Our company was named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices, one of the most highly regarded global sustainability indices. We also earned the highest score among all participating financial companies from CDP, an organization that rates companies on their approach to disclosure of climate change information. Nearly half of our investment boutiques' assets under management are now covered under the principles of the United Nations Principles for Responsible Investment, which explicitly acknowledge the relevance to the inves tor of environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors. BNY Mellon also has in place a supplier relationship management program that focuses on integrating human rights, environmental and societal concerns into our core strategic supplier management. Our company sustained our tradition of investing in our community during 2013, making a combined $34 million in company and employee contributions to enhance education, job training and career development opportunities for individuals around the globe facing challenges including chronic unemployment, poverty and homelessness, and to support disaster relief. BNY Mellon contributed more than 7 million meals to foodrelated charities and helped ship 100,000 packed meals to the Philippines for disaster relief. Our employees also donated 90,000 volunteer hours to causes in their local communities.

V

Our Returning Military Referral program is helping military personnel successfully transition to civilian life by assisting them in understanding how their skills can create value in the civilian world and connecting them with employment opportunities through BNY Mellon and other companies.

looKING ForwarD
We enter 2014 with increased confidence in our ability to meet our strategic and financial goals. I am excited about our future and strong strategic position to capitalize on growth opportunities and changing trends in both technology and the investment process. We are passionate about accelerating our progress and delivering better returns to you. Achieving positive operating leverage in this environment while making the investments we need to drive future growth is a delicate balancing act, and we are determined to get it right. Developing and sustaining a culture of excellence and continuous improvement will help support our pursuit of this goal. I know we are up to the challenge. I see around the company a growing sense of confidence. My colleagues share an unwavering commitment to capitalize on the strengths of our people and business model through collaboration and innovation, and by embracing an entrepreneurial spirit. We recognize we have a great opportunity ahead of us to enrich the client experience and create greater shareholder value. We are working to execute with speed and care, and to demonstrate our commitment to helping clients succeed and achieving higher levels of performance. I wish to thank our 51,100 employees, who are delivering solutions for some of the most complex issues in the financial markets and providing sound investment advice to institutions and individuals around the world. I am grateful for their drive, dedication and creativity, and for living our values every day. I also wish to thank our Board of Directors for their strategic counsel and for continuing to challenge us to ask more of ourselves and our company. Our executive team and I are proud to lead this great company and share a steadfast commitment to excellence and driving shareholder value. Thank you for your continuing support.

Gerald L. Hassell Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

1 For a reconciliation and explanation of these non-GAAP measures, see pages 118-122 of our 2013 Annual Report.
 2 At Dec. 31, 2013, the estimated Basel III Tier 1 common equity ratio (non-GAAP) is based on our interpretation of the final rules released
 by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve on July 2, 2013, on a fully phased-in basis. Changes in January 2014 to the probable loss
 model associated with unsecured wholesale credit exposures within our Advanced Approach capital model will impact risk-weighted assets.
 The Company did not include the impact at Dec. 31, 2013. However, a preliminary estimate of the revised methodology to the portfolio at
 Sept. 30, 2013, would have added approximately 6 percent to the risk-weighted assets.


VI

