Dear Fellow Shareholders, Clients and Employees,

In 2014 we continued on our path to reposition our company ­ the Investments Company for the World ­ to become an even stronger strategic partner to our clients. It was a year of significant achievement in our Investment Services and Investment Management businesses, yet we still have not realized our full potential. We increased assets under custody and/or administration to $28.5 trillion and assets under management (AuM) to $1.7 trillion, retaining our leadership position in the markets we serve. our market capitalization grew 14 percent to more than $45 billion. And our total shareholder return again beat the median of the S&p Financials Index and of our peer group. these are all good measures of improved performance and value creation. While these are all positive achievements, growing revenues across many of our businesses continued to be a challenge and our top-line revenues did not meet our plan. the strong u.S. equity market performance was not enough to offset continued low interest rates, low market volatility and weak equity market performance outside the u.S. to offset these weaknesses, we focused intently on what we could control ­ expenses. In that regard, in 2014 many of the initiatives we put in place in prior years really started paying off. on an operating basis, expenses declined by 2 percenti versus 2013 and were significantly below our plan for the year. So, despite soft revenues, our strong expense management resulted in positive operating leverage,­ a key goal for us. While that is the story on an operating basis, I must note the significant one-time legal charges and restructuring expenses we took during the year. Factoring in these items, overall noninterest expenses grew by 8 percent year over year. However, these charges enabled us to put a number of significant legal matters behind us, which we expect to lower our expense run rate in 2015 and beyond. What we also recognize is that clients expect more from us, just as we expect more of ourselves. the pace of global change is accelerating and we need to deliver more, better and even faster than we did before. We know we cannot solely rely on unpredictable markets to achieve results, so we put in place a three-year plan, which we publicly shared in october, to deliver increased value to our sharehold ers. our goal is to deliver revenue and earnings-per-share (epS) growth that is not dependent on an improved interest-rate and economic environment. the work we've done to invest in revenue opportunities to increase our profitability, and to streamline the company for improved efficiency, is positioning us to deliver even stronger future results. During 2014, we also strengthened our executive management team by adding new talent and placing existing leaders into new roles that leverage their capabilities and expertise. these moves will enable us to become a more nimble, thoughtful, productive and cost-effective service provid er and investment manager. We hired and promoted some outstanding new leaders with proven track records of driving change and improving performance. our new Chief Human Resources officer, for example, is experienced at developing leadership talent. our new Chief Risk officer is a recognized expert in his field who will help us meet or exceed regulatory requirements with respect to our financial strength, risk management practices and integrity. our new head of Client Service Delivery brings considerable public and private sector expertise in restructuring and modernizing large, complex organizations to create better experiences for clients. And our new General Counsel is helping us make substantial progress in addressing and resolving our most significant legal matters.

We have a new Ceo of Investment Services, who is leading our business improvement efforts and has a strong track record of success in operations and technology development ­ keys to driving profitability in our services business. We also broadened the responsibilities of our Ceo of Investment Management to include oversight of our Markets Group, capitalizing on his extensive experience in the fixed-income and capital markets. We strengthened our corporate governance by appointing three new directors to our Board in 2014 and one more in early 2015. they possess a wealth of relevant experience and complement our existing directors; 14 of our 15 directors are independent. Before turning to our strategic priorities, let's recap our 2014 performance.

SUMMARY OF 2014 FINANCIAL RESULTS, YEAR-OVER-YEAR
REVENUE GROWTH: Revenue was up 4 percent, or down 1 percent on an adjusted basis.i Challenging market conditions impeded some of our growth, and we did not achieve all of the performance goals we had initially set. In Investment Management, we benefited from an increased appetite for liability-driven investments (lDI) as clients sought to better manage the risk in their pension plans. We also saw greater interest in alternative investments as clients increased allocations to higher-growth hedge fund, real estate and private equity investments. Additionally, we have begun to benefit from the investments we're making to expand our Wealth Management business into new u.S. locations. In Investment Services, we continued to achieve strong growth in clearing and global collateral services, where we have been focused on broadening our unique suite of solutions for clients. the decline in Corporate trust appears close to being over and should begin to contribute to revenue growth in 2015. Asset Servicing is in the midst of a transformation designed to improve profitabil ity and the value we deliver to clients as we consolidate platforms and functions to make it easier for clients to do business with us. our goal is to drive down our costs, leverage our scale and be the preferred provider of value-added solutions to our clients across Investment Services. GENERATED POSITIVE OPERATING LEVERAGE: We controlled our operating expenses well, even while absorbing elevated regulatory compliance costs and making investments in our business to support future growth. on an adjusted basis, expenses were down 2 percent i year over year and well below our original plan, and we generated positive operating leverage of 87 basis points.i So, while revenue growth was soft, our intense focus on expense control paid off and helped create shareholder value. INCREASED EARNINGS PER SHARE: on a GAAp basis, we earned $2.15 per share in 2014, up 24 percent compared to 2013. those results include a significant after-tax legal expense in the fourth quarter to address a number of legacy litigation matters, including substantially all of the foreign exchange-related actions. We believe that taking this charge at this time is both necessary and appropriate, as we take a pragmatic approach to resolving legal matters. this action also allows us to concentrate our efforts on serving our clients for the future. on an adjusted basis, we earned $2.39 per share, slightly below our plan but up 5 percent from last year's adjusted epS.i this was driven by modest growth in assets and market values, and our success in winning new business and keeping expenses well controlled. INCREASED RETURN ON TANGIBLE COMMON EQUITY (TCE): We achieved a healthy tCe return of 16 percent, up from 15.3 percenti in 2013, which is higher than our peer group median and a good measure of the value we are creating from the investments we are making.
II

MAINTAINED OUR STRONG CAPITAL POSITION: our transitional Standardized Approach common equity tier 1 ratio (Cet1) was 15 percent and our estimated Basel III common equity tier 1 ratio (Cet1) under the fully phased-in Advanced Approach stood at 9.8 percent at December 31, 2014.i Both measures reflect our financial strength, and we believe we are well positioned to more than meet our regulatory capital requirements into the future. RETURNED VALUE TO SHAREHOLDERS: We increased our quarterly common stock dividend by 13 percent and repurchased more than $1.7 billion of our common stock, resulting in an earnings payout ratio of 98 percent for 2014. this rate of return is among the highest in the industry and a strength of our company. ACHIEVED STRONG TOTAL SHAREHOLDER RETURN (TSR): our tSR was 18 percent for 2014 and 117 percent over the past three years. In both cases, we outperformed the median of the S&p Financials Index and of our peer group.

OUR STRATEGIC PRIORITIES AND ACTIONS TO DRIVE LONG-TERM GROWTH
over the long term, our strategy is designed to create economic value for our company and our clients by differentiating our services to strengthen and capitalize on our unique competitive advantages. We have a clear set of strategic priorities to accelerate our progress. they include: · · · · · Improving our business processes, productivity and effectiveness while controlling expenses and enhancing our efficiency; Driving revenue growth by leveraging our expertise and scale to offer broad-based, innovative solutions to clients; Being a strong, trusted counterparty by maintaining our safety, soundness and industry-leading liquidity and capital positions; Generating excess capital and deploying it effectively; and Attracting and retaining top talent.

IMPROVING BUSINESS PROCESSES, PRODUCTIVITY AND EFFECTIVENESS We are taking action from top to bottom to further transform our company through a continuous improvement process. It's succeeding in enhancing productivity and service quality and reduc ing costs and risk throughout the organization. We've already accomplished specific initiatives to help us fund client solutions, implement regulatory changes and drive efficiency, and we've identified additional opportunities. these productivity gains are allowing us to fund initiatives to increase profitable revenue growth and improve our bottom line. In addition, we continue to examine our portfolio of businesses. We exited several that didn't fit strategically or weren't yielding expected results, thus freeing up resources to address our top priorities. our accomplishments include: · Streamlining our organization by reducing staff levels and layers, which is expected to yield more than $100 million in run-rate savings, $50 million of which has already been realized in 2014. eliminating 750,000 square feet of space in downtown Manhattan and beginning the planned consolidation of our pittsburgh locations. We will do the same in other locations globally. Consolidating operating platforms to reduce costs and simplify our infrastructure. For example, in 2014, we reduced our custody platforms from three to two and expect to be down to one by early 2016.

· ·

III

· ·

Increasing the return on our technology investments by shifting more of our dollars from tactical to strategic initiatives and reducing application development costs. Refocusing on our core businesses through a number of actions, including: - Restructuring our Markets Group to reduce costs and exit some businesses that were too capital-intensive or lacked effective size and scale. - Shutting down our futures commission merchant derivatives clearing businesses in the u.S. and Germany and selling our Corporate trust business in Japan and Mexico. - Selling our investment in Wing Hang Bank.

DRIVING REVENUE GROWTH the combined capabilities and intellectual capital of Investment Services and Investment Management enable us to create additional value for clients and solutions that, in many cases, our competitors can't match. We are driving revenue growth by leveraging our expertise and scale to offer broad-based, innovative solutions to our clients. Leveraging Our Expertise and Scale We are leveraging both our expertise and scale to deliver value to our stakeholders in many ways. A few examples: · We established our fourth innovation center, in California's Silicon Valley, to support our ability to harness emerging and disruptive technologies to gain new business insights, develop innovative operational and technological capabilities, identify and hire top talent, and pinpoint potential new ventures. We created a new Markets Group that brings together the capabilities and talents of our Foreign exchange, Securities Finance, Collateral Management and Segregation, Capital Markets and prime Brokerage businesses to meet the evolving trading, financing and securities-lending requirements of our clients. We are combining our broad set of capabilities to create unique and integrated solutions that deliver improved value to both the buy and sell sides by reducing financing costs, addressing liquidity needs and helping clients navigate risks that drive positive investment performance. We built a separately managed account capability in Asia through pershing and placed our Investment Management products on the new platform. It's a great collaboration that is helping private banks and wealth managers serve their customers. We are now extending our private banking solutions, including credit lines and jumbo mortgages, to pershing's independent registered investment advisor clients. We made more than $500 million in loans through this channel in the second half of 2014 alone.

·

·

·

Delivering Innovative Solutions to Our Clients We've made a number of enhancements and investments to drive revenue and earnings growth into the future and extend our leadership positions in the global markets we serve. Within Investment Services: · technology is a strategic asset for our company. our scale, combined with the investments we are making in our technology platforms, drives development of innovative solutions and enables our financial institution clients to provide their customers with top-tier, multi-class capabilities without investing in infrastructure themselves. they gain a better product at a lower price, improving their profitability. our strategy of owning our technology infrastructure and application development, and insourcing the people who power it, has enabled us to improve our results and reduce costs while retaining the institutional knowledge in-house. We believe this provides us with a competitive advantage. Additionally, this strategy is allowing us to team with our clients more efficiently and help them solve their most pressing needs. It's simply making us a smarter, more agile partner.

IV

· ·

We've also created a dedicated technology solutions unit that allows clients to leverage our scale and utilize our proprietary applications to improve their profitability. We are enhancing our collateral management systems and foreign exchange (FX) electronic trading platforms to provide broader capabilities for term financing, securities lending, managing collateral and capturing more FX trading volume.

Within Investment Management: · We are broadening the distribution of our investment strategies to the retail intermediary and retirement channels, leveraging the pershing and Dreyfus platforms to reach individuals through broker-dealers and financial advisors. We are providing a wide range of registered investment advisors across the country with access to the broad, deep capabilities of the largest investments companies in the world ­ capabilities they could not afford at the cost and speed at which we can deliver them ­ helping them remain competitive in the marketplace. We have been promoting our Wealth Management brand and expanding our sales force in attractive new u.S. markets, an initiative that is already accelerating our revenue growth. Regulatory changes are driving certain traditional banking activities away from banks and toward investment managers, including lending and the management of fixed-income assets in pension funds. We are investing in and structuring ourselves to capitalize on this trend, and we are already experiencing growth in these areas. At the beginning of 2015, we closed our acquisition of Cutwater Asset Management, a u.S.-based fixed-income and solutions specialist with a 20-year track record and approximately $23 billion in AuM. Cutwater is working closely with Insight, our highly successful lDI specialty boutique, allowing us to extend our lDI and fixed-income specialist strategies into the u.S. market.

· ·

·

BEING A STRONG, TRUSTED COUNTERPARTY our status as a strong, trusted counterparty reflects the strength of our balance sheet, our overall liquidity and capital positions, and our reputation as a sound and safe institution. our high credit ratings allow us to assist with balance-sheet management and the overall securities financing needs of our clients. our continued investment in and focus on compliance, risk management and control functions help us protect our strong capital position and enhance our status as a trusted counterparty. We are also strengthening our technology to capture real-time data to improve our ­ and our clients' ­ decision-making. Being a strong, trusted counterparty also means that every employee must recognize the vital role we play in maintaining the safety and soundness of the financial markets. It is a role that bears enormous responsibility and our integrity must never be compromised. thus, we continue to emphasize through our training and leadership programs, and throughout all of our employee communications, the importance of building a culture of doing what's right, all of the time. GENERATING EXCESS CAPITAL AND DEPLOYING IT EFFECTIVELY over the last three years, we've generated approximately $10 billion of tangible capital. We have a disciplined governance model designed to deploy capital effectively to fuel future growth and increase value to shareholders. We consider acquisitions only when they enhance our core strategy, exceed our internal rate of return and stand to achieve targeted outcomes faster and more efficiently than could be achieved through organic means. our ability to generate capital positions us well to comply with the new capital and liquidity requirements and, at the same time, improve our ability to meet our net-interest-income objectives.

V

ATTRACTING AND RETAINING TOP TALENT our investments expertise is unparalleled, reflecting the strength of our people and a high-performance culture built on a foundation of enduring values. We focus on attracting and retaining the most talented professionals in our industry across all disciplines. our philosophy is simple: if we are invested in attracting and developing team mem bers to the fullest, providing them with a dynamic and diverse workplace and giving them ample opportunities to contribute, then they will stay, succeed and deliver excellence to our clients.

TAKING CARE OF THE COMMUNITIES WHERE WE WORK AND LIVE
What we do really matters. In addition to the services, strategies and advice we offer to help our clients meet their financial goals and responsibilities, we also help address some of the most serious challenges facing society today through a sustained commitment to corporate social responsibility (CSR). our total employee and company contributions to charities in communities around the world increased in 2014 to $38 million, up 12 percent from 2013, including donations to support ebola relief efforts. As part of our powering potential philanthropic focus, we continued to work with our community partners to provide basic needs such as food, clothing and housing and expand our support for job training and development programs that can lead to better jobs and selfsufficiency. And, as part of our effort to use investments to drive positive change, we are piloting a social innovation challenge to bring entrepreneurial ideas to social problems in a manner that also produces investment returns. We have also been a leading advocate within the united nations for improved rule of law ­ advancing both human rights for all and the ability of invest ments to better flow to developing countries. It's the right thing to do and it's good for business. We focus on eight CSR priorities: risk and reliability; strong governance; employee engagement; diversity and inclusion; learning and development; social finance; community commitment; and environmental management. Reflecting our continued progress in these areas, our company was named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI), one of the most highly regarded global sustainability indices, for the second consecutive year. In addition, we received perfect scores for climate change disclosure and performance in the Carbon Disclosure project's S&p 500 Climate performance leadership Index 2014 and its S&p 500 Climate Disclosure leadership Index 2014, becoming the only u.S. financial company and one of only two S&p 500 companies to achieve the top score two years in a row.

VI

LOOKING FORWARD
the actions we've taken to bolster our organization have positioned us to execute against our performance goals. the foundation for our future has never been stronger. At our Investor Day in october 2014, we set three-year performance goalsii that call for healthy earnings growth that is not dependent on a normalizing market ­ i.e., improvement in both the forward curve in interest rates and the economic environment. We are targeting: · · · Revenue growth of 3.5 to 4.5 percent in a flat interest-rate environment and 6 to 8 percent in a normalizing market; epS growth of 7 to 9 percent in a flat-rate environment and 12 to 15 percent in a normalizing market; and Return on tangible common equity of 17 to 19 percent with no rate changes and 20 to 22 percent in a normalizing market.

We are confident we can deliver on these targets. I want to thank all of our team members and my executive Committee partners for their resolve to realize the promise of our remarkable franchise for the benefit of our clients, shareholders, employees and communities. our people are a rich source of competitive advantage ­ experts in our field who are passionate about and creative in solving the challenges facing our clients today and in the coming years. I also wish to acknowledge our Board of Directors for their support and wise counsel. I note with sadness the passing of Ruth e. Bruch, who served on our board with distinction for more than a decade. thank you for your continuing support of our great company ­ the Investments Company for the World.

Gerald l. Hassell Chairman and Chief executive officer

i ii 

For a reconciliation and explanation of these non-GAAp measures, see pages 128-135 of our 2014 Annual Report. please see our october 28, 2014, Investor Day presentation at www.bnymellon.com/investorrelations for details regarding our targets and key assumptions.

VII

