Dear Fellow Shareholders
2011 was a difficult year. Revenues were less than expected and expenses were too high as we dealt with a challenging environment. Still, we continued to develop and execute our plans to improve our operating margins, differentiate our products, and ensure we continue to contribute in meaningful ways to the smooth and efficient functioning of the global capital markets. During 2011, we made significant progress on a number of fronts: · ·  ·  · ·  · · achieved above-median revenue growth compared with our peers; continued to receive top rankings for client satisfaction and industry recognition for investment performance; further strengthened our balance sheet in terms of liquidity, asset quality and capital. At year end, our Basel I Tier 1 common equity ratio was 13.4 percent1; achieved superior returns versus U.S. banking peers on our tangible and regulatory capital; implemented a series of efficiency initiatives to reduce our cost base and manage through the current environment, with clear evidence of progress on expenses in our fourth-quarter results; successfully completed the sale of our non-core Shareowner Services business; and repurchased approximately 35 million shares and raised the quarterly dividend by 44 percent.

But our stock price performance has been unacceptable. We know we must improve our shareholder return. And I am confident that we will, given the strength of our business model and our plans to enhance revenue growth and drive operational excellence.

Our Business Model
To appreciate our potential and comprehend the nature of our challenges, it's necessary to understand what we do. ·     ·    ·   ·  We are an investments company, with significant scale in virtually all of our businesses and more  expertise in managing and servicing investments than any other firm. We help clients at every  stage of the investment life cycle -- whether they are looking to create, trade or hold assets, or  need help managing, distributing or restructuring them. The breadth of our offerings creates  significant opportunities for us to build broader and deeper client relationships. Our model is primarily fee-based, with little credit risk. A large percentage of our revenue -- 78 percent -- comes from recurring fees, which is above our peer group median. That has helped us maintain a strong, highly liquid balance sheet, with a solid capital position and strong credit  ratings. Our model generates capital rapidly. It also generates significant levels of earnings. Much of these earnings, subject to regulatory approval, can be returned to you in the form of dividends  and share repurchases. We benefit from the long-term trends of organic growth in financial assets and the globalization of the financial markets.

Our company has been designated by international regulators as one of the 29 Global Systemically Important Financial Institutions (G-SIFIs). This designation recognizes our fundamental importance to the health and operation of the global capital markets. The designation also carries with it an implicit responsibility to maintain the highest standards of excellence, and we take that responsibility seriously. In all that we undertake, we are committed to carefully considering the impact of our actions on our clients and the markets.

I

Let me discuss our 2011 performance: Investment Services ­ Most of the key drivers of our Investment Services businesses showed significant improvement over 2010. Growth of assets under custody and administration outpaced our closest trust and custody peers, up 3 percent to $25.8 trillion. Average active clearing accounts grew 11 percent, average collateral management balances were up 13 percent and the number of sponsored depositary receipt programs increased 2 percent. Average total Investment Services deposits grew 32 percent, again outpacing peers. Total debt serviced, however, declined 2 percent, reflecting the lack of structured debt issuance and the slow recovery of the debt capital markets. We continued to expand our capabilities in 2011, particularly in the areas of asset servicing, clearing, collateral management and alternative investment services. In a year in which we received industry recognition for our innovative use of technology, we introduced new tools to increase investment transparency and released iPad® apps to allow client access to information and reporting. Investment Management ­ Our overall Investment Management businesses maintained focus on delivering strong investment performance and outstanding wealth management capabilities for our clients. Our long-term organic flows continued to grow, with assets under management (AUM) up 8 percent to a record level of $1.26 trillion, reflecting a 130 percent increase in net AUM flows in 2011, which significantly outpaced that of our peers. We made progress in laying a foundation to optimize our multi-boutique model by building out our investment, distribution and infrastructure capabilities, with a particular focus on Asia Pacific. We also continued to develop distinctive investment capabilities, such as our liability-driven investment strategies. Wealth Management expanded its footprint, entering Chicago, the third-largest U.S. wealth market, through the acquisition of the established operations of one of the region's premier independent investment managers.

Enhancing Revenue Growth
To make us more resilient to market dynamics, we have a number of strategies in place to increase client assets under management, custody and administration. ·   ·       ·    Deepening client relationships ­ There is tremendous room to increase the value we deliver to  our clients and, thereby, earn more of their business. Over the past year, we have refined our  global client management model to better align our resources with our clients' needs. Increasing our capabilities ­ In Investment Services, we are collaborating across our businesses  to develop more sophisticated and innovative multi-product solutions for our clients. In Investment Management, we see opportunities to expand our global credit investment capabilities; advance our market position in absolute return, asset allocation and alternative  investment solutions; and broaden and strengthen our global distribution. We also are looking to further expand our Wealth Management franchise, continuing a long tradition of helping our  clients weather market cycles. Building a global presence ­ To maximize our returns in a prudent and focused way, we are continuing to build upon our global footprint in countries and regions with the strongest revenue potential for our company. In 2011, for example, our investment in Germany enabled us to achieve our goal of becoming the No. 1 custody provider in that country.

II

Driving Operational Excellence
Operational excellence refers to delivering the highest service quality, increasing our operating margins through the use of technology and taking risk out of our company and the financial system. Those goals are complementary and mutually reinforcing, not mutually exclusive. We are finding opportunities to improve the client experience while reducing the potential for errors and reducing our costs. For instance, we are making investments in our technology infrastructure that will help improve ease of use for clients, allow us to introduce new products more quickly and lower technology costs. We are also utilizing cloud technology to distribute applications in a virtual environment, effectively eliminating proprietary hardware and software. Through these and other operational excellence activities, we expect to realize roughly $650 million to $700 million in expense savings by 2015, with substantial benefits in the intervening years.

Deploying Our Capital
Our business model generated approximately $2.8 billion worth of capital in 2011. Our ability to rapidly generate capital is enabling us to invest in our businesses, strengthen our balance sheet and, subject to regulatory approval, return capital to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share buybacks. Acquisitions remain a lesser priority in the near term.

Corporate Social Responsibility
Over the last few years, we have adopted fairly ambitious corporate social responsibility goals related to supporting our communities, developing our people and promoting environmental sustainability. In a short time, we have accomplished many of these goals and continue to push ourselves to do more. This year, we donated $33.6 million to our communities around the world through philanthropic grants, sponsorships, employee giving and company matching donations. The number of employee teams involved in volunteering and fundraising has more than tripled since the launch of our Community Partnership program three years ago, with employees contributing more than 140,000 hours. We call our strategic approach to helping people in need "Powering Potential." We have extended that program to help returning military personnel, providing support in the areas of critical basic needs, workforce skills and career development. We also have a special focus on helping at-risk youth. Our support for youth is producing significantly higher graduation rates and employment and reduced homelessness. This program was honored in 2011 with awards in Boston, London, New York and Pittsburgh. All of this good work will continue.

Looking Ahead
We are well aware of the headwinds we face. We have entered a period in which revenue growth will be more difficult to achieve than in, perhaps, any period over the past 20 years. Economies globally remain sluggish, with a general lack of confidence and uncertainty inhibiting growth. This is reflected in high levels of market volatility and continued deleveraging of major market participants. Interest rates remain persistently low, limiting our ability to earn net interest income from client deposits. While net interest income and strong global capital markets are important drivers of our performance, they are not the only drivers. How well we service our clients, the strength of client relationships, and our ability to innovate and drive operational excellence will have a major impact on our performance. We are positioned to perform well in each of these areas. In 2012, we expect our net savings from operational excellence initiatives to range from $240 million to $260 million, toward our goal of achieving net savings of approximately $650 million to $700 million by 2015. These savings will help us achieve operating leverage, even in a slow-growth environment. And we expect our revenues to grow as we execute our strategies.

III

The financial services industry, in general, has faced a dramatic increase in legal and regulatory scrutiny, actions and costs, and our company is no exception. The foreign exchange litigation has received a substantial amount of attention. With our reputation and integrity being challenged, we have undertaken an aggressive outreach program to our clients, media, regulators and interested parties to ensure they know the facts. We have also been listening to our clients and developing new foreign exchange options to meet their evolving needs, including an innovative defined spread pricing option that is positioned to set a new standard. We realize we must innovate to stay competitive as a provider in this space, and we will.

Making Our Company Even Greater
I am honored to lead BNY Mellon. I have tremendous belief in the potential of our company and pride in its capacity to navigate through challenging times, operate with integrity and remain focused on our clients' success. My sole focus is to make this great company even greater for all of our constituents -- clients, employees and you, our shareholders. I also have considerable confidence in the 49,000 professionals who work as a unified global team, each contributing to the diversity of thought, ideas and talents that help our clients succeed. I thank them for all they do every day for our clients, company, colleagues and communities. I also thank our board of directors for its wise counsel and support, and for entrusting the Executive Committee and me with leading this company forward. I offer my special thanks to John Surma, who will not stand for re-election to our board after eight years of service, for his significant contributions and service. I strongly believe in our ability to deliver great investment management advice and investment services to our clients, as well as consistent earnings per share growth and attractive returns to you, our shareholders.

Gerald L. Hassell Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

1

For an explanation and reconciliation of this non-GAAP measure, see "Supplemental Information" on page 66 of this Annual Report.

IV

