TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
As BNY Mellon marked its milestone 225th year, the global economy was in the grip of the biggest downturn in 80 years. It was an extraordinarily challenging environment for the financial services industry and a year of transition for your company. Although we have outperformed both our peer group and the S&P Financials since the beginning of the financial crisis, during 2009 our total shareholder return trailed both benchmarks and we reported a net loss for the year. The loss reflected write-downs on investment securities and actions we took to materially de-risk our balance sheet. These actions should benefit our performance going forward and, while prudent, the net loss was disappointing for a company focused on outperforming. Financial institutions spent 2009 beginning the arduous process of stabilization, balance sheet cleanup, recapitalization and refocusing for the future. At BNY Mellon, we focused on three priorities that are critical to our long-term success: meeting the needs of our clients, reducing risk and managing expenses. Our progress in these areas in 2009 has helped position your company for the eventual economic recovery. Specifically:

REDUCING RISK
         Sold or restructured $13.5 billion of lower-quality  securities in our investment portfolio to materially  de-risk our balance sheet. Reduced our credit exposure by $14.7 billion or 15 percent. Resolved the court case with Russia's Federal  Customs Service. Sold Mellon United National Bank, our Miami-based bank.

MANAGING EXPENSES
         Reduced operating expense by 17 percent through  cost reduction programs and merger-related  synergies. Exceeded merger expense synergy targets. Reduced incentive expense as a percentage of  revenue for the second consecutive year. Took a $139 million restructuring charge in the  fourth quarter to allow us to continue to drive efficiencies in future quarters.

MEETING THE NEEDS OF OUR CLIENTS
                          We stabilized revenue following a significant  decline in revenue in the first quarter, and ended  the year with marked improvement in several of our core businesses, particularly Asset Management. Won $1.2 trillion in new assets under custody in  Asset Servicing. Further strengthened our asset management  capabilities through improved fund investment performance and the acquisition of Insight Investment Management, a London-based specialist in liability-driven investment solutions,  active fixed income and alternatives. We also  acquired a 20 percent interest in Siguler Guff Asset Management, a multi-strategy private  equity firm based in New York. Continued to build share in corporate trust, clearing, broker-dealer services and hedge fund  servicing. Had 16 consecutive quarters of net positive client  asset flows in Wealth Management. Outperformed our merger revenue synergy targets. Achieved No. 1 rankings in client satisfaction  among our peers in the Global Investor and R&M  global custody surveys and met our revenue  retention target.

In addition, we passed the U.S. government stress test and repaid the U.S. government's $3 billion TARP investment -- becoming one of the first banks to do so -- providing American taxpayers with a very good return of 12 percent (annualized) on their investment. We also raised $1.4 billion in new common equity, maintained strong capital ratios and continued to enjoy the highest debt ratings among all U.S. banks. In fact, we ended the year with materially stronger capital ratios than when we entered it.

LOOKING FORWARD
We know that you, our shareholders, expect stronger results, and so do we. We are very levered to higher interest rates and improving financial markets globally. We are focused on achieving higher revenue growth, enhancing efficiency and reducing risk. There are three areas of focus:             Growing revenue. We expect good growth prospects as the global economy continues to  recover. Rising short-term interest rates would  have an extremely positive impact on our earnings. A rise in the overnight rate would have  a positive impact on our net interest revenue and  fees in our Asset and Wealth Management and  securities servicing businesses. Improving equity  markets would benefit our Asset Management  and Wealth Management fees. As securitization  markets reopen, our Corporate Trust business will  benefit. Increases in merger and acquisition

* Revenue on an operating basis as defined on page 76.

                              

activity benefit all our businesses, particularly  Shareowner Services. Greater cross-border financial flows will power Asset Servicing. We are also actively executing on opportunities  to consolidate global market share in our securities servicing businesses, as demonstrated  by the recently announced, $2.31 billion acquisition of Global Investment Servicing (GIS),  a leading provider of fund accounting/ administration, transfer agency, custody and  outsourcing solutions for fund managers and  financial advisors. The acquisition should be accretive in the first year and provide attractive  returns for our shareholders, particularly given the opportunities for excellent, achievable revenue synergies. Growing margins by improving our operating  models. We are taking actions to provide better economics to our shareholders. Across the  company, we are looking at which jobs really  need to be performed in major metropolitan  areas and which could be done equally well or  better in one of our global growth centers. Parallel to this, we are continuing our ongoing reengineering and process automation efforts to drive further efficiencies and strengthen our ability to deliver positive operating leverage. Continue to limit risk on our balance sheet. We  are continually working to right-size our largest  credit exposures and reduce certain non-core loan portfolios.

                

this year creating a resolution authority. No financial institution should be too big to fail, and  we need laws to allow for an orderly wind down. Second, to close many of the gaps in regulatory  oversight that exist today, we need to establish a  federal systemic risk authority to monitor risks  across all financial markets and firms. Third, the financial crisis clearly exposed the fact  that many financial institutions did not have  adequate capital or liquidity to survive a major recession. We are supportive of creating higher  minimum standards achieved in a way that ensures a competitive, level playing field globally. Finally, given the central role our terribly flawed  mortgage system played in creating the credit crisis, it is my hope that the government will  restructure and exit this business.

We will always focus intently on maintaining strong internal controls and upholding the highest ethical standards. During 2009, we targeted our philanthropic efforts to needy families and workforce development, efforts designed to ensure we make a positive impact on our communities. In response to the disaster in Haiti, employees and the company contributed more than $900,000 to help those in need. We are also making progress in minimizing our company's impact on the environment. With the stability of the global financial system at stake, our company is contributing to an industry effort to bring about meaningful regulatory reform. The challenge is to do this thoughtfully, without compromising the ability of American financial companies to lend or compete globally, as the health of our industry is essential to creating jobs and supporting the recovery. In my opinion, there should be four priorities in the U.S.:  First, to prevent another Lehman-type event,  it's imperative that lawmakers pass legislation 

During this anniversary year, your company achieved another important milestone. Since 2007, we surveyed our employees each year to measure their level of engagement. We use an approach that allows us to compare our results to some of the world's best companies in a variety of industries. Companies with high levels of engagement typically enjoy better client service, better productivity and lower turnover and are more likely to attract and retain top talent. They also tend to earn greater total returns to shareholders over time. In 2009, BNY Mellon achieved -- a year early -- its 2010 goal of top-quartile performance in overall employee engagement compared with other companies. Our continued upward trend is very encouraging, considering the global economic and industry challenges we faced this past year, and it validates our success in creating a diverse, inclusive and supportive culture where the best people globally want to work and have opportunities for professional growth. A special thank you to our employees around the globe, who have demonstrated amazing client focus and teamwork. I also offer my gratitude to our directors for their extraordinary support, dedication and contributions to strengthen our company. Finally, thank you to our shareholders for your continued confidence in the future of this great company. Know that your company is well positioned for the economic recovery and energized to outperform. Yours sincerely,

Robert P. Kelly Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

