2004 Annual Report
 [ LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS ]
     DEAR SHAREHOLDER:
Despite a relatively soft year for high profile new releases and bestsellers, Barnes & Noble delivered significant value to our shareholders and continued to grow in 2004. Store sales increased 6.8% from the prior year, and comparable store sales rose 3.1%. Earnings per share from continuing operations rose 27% year over year on an adjusted basis. Our unwavering commitment to serving our customers continued to drive our performance and differentiate us in the marketplace, as Barnes & Noble was ranked the No. 1 retail brand for quality in America for the third consecutive year by Harris Interactive®.
Our strong performance came in a challenging environment for new book content. While the publishing industry produced many popular titles related to politics and the U.S. presidential campaign, most of those had fairly short life spans. Among the most notable were Plan of Attack by Bob Woodward from Simon & Schuster, Against All Enemies by Richard A. Clark from Free Press, and Unfit for Command by John E. O’Neill and Jerome R. Corsi from Regnery. Further, the top two adult fiction titles in 2004 — The Da Vinci Code by Dan Brown from Doubleday and The Five People You Meet In Heaven by Mitch Albom from Hyperion — were the same as in 2003.
We attribute the resilience of the business during the year to strength in numbers. There are more than one million active books in print and tens of thousands of new titles released each year. The sheer number of unique titles our customers buy is astounding. In 2004, Barnes & Noble recorded sales of more than one million unique titles between our retail stores and our online business.
In terms of our performance, we are pleased with the growth in our comparable store sales in 2004, our increasing sales-per-square-foot and improved inventory turns. Our new stores performed slightly above our expectations and the controlled descent of our B. Dalton stores is on plan. The holiday season was marked by a late surge in shopping, which we were able to leverage to our advantage thanks to the outstanding levels of service provided by our 40,000 booksellers on the frontlines.
During 2004, we opened 32 Barnes & Noble stores, ending the fiscal year with 666 stores. We closed 41 B. Dalton stores, ending the fiscal year with 154 stores. On a net basis, we added 592,000 square feet to our store base during the year. We also broke ground on a 1.1 million-square-foot distribution center in Monroe, New Jersey, which we expect to be fully operational this year.
We also continued to respond to customers’ changing demands by upgrading and adapting our store environments. During 2004, we installed WiFi technology in all our stores. This technology allows our customers to use their laptop computers and personal digital assistants to communicate online, surf the Internet and connect to corporate networks at speeds 50 to 100 times faster than a dial-up connection, all from the comfort of their local Barnes & Noble bookstore.
Barnes & Noble, Inc. 3

    [ LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS continued ]
  2004 Annual Report
4 Barnes & Noble, Inc.
Our merger with Barnes & Noble.com was completed in May 2004. Despite the pressures within the extremely competitive e-commerce industry, the company has substantially improved its operating performance over the last three years and continued this trend into 2004, narrowing net losses by 18% from 2003. In 2004, Barnes & Noble.com launched its nationwide “Fast & Free Delivery” service, one of the most competitive delivery offerings available from any online retailer. Any in-stock new book, music or movie is delivered in one to three days within the continental United States, with free delivery on purchases of $25 or more.
Barnes & Noble.com also achieved an important milestone in 2004. In the American Customer Satisfaction Index, compiled by the University of Michigan and issued in the fourth quarter of 2004, Barnes & Noble.com received the highest rating of any e-commerce company. This annual survey is recognized as the industry’s leading indicator of customer satisfaction. The report confirms feedback we have received from our customers who have sent us thousands of emails, expressing their thanks for our superior service, vast selection and unique content features. In addition, Barnes & Noble.com has also received high marks in a number of other important Web measurement studies, including Keynote Systems, Inc.’s “Best of the Web Keynote Evaluation,” which gave Barnes & Noble.com a No. 1 ranking for search.
It is interesting to note the value of the impressions generated by the huge amount of traffic to Barnes & Noble.com. In the Web advertising marketplace, the value of an equal amount of exposure would be in the tens of millions of dollars. This reinforces our belief that Barnes & Noble.com not only serves as our direct-to-home delivery service, but also as a broadcast channel and advertising medium for the Barnes & Noble brand.
Our publishing business performed strongly during the year. Self-published books continued to grow as a percentage of our book sales, as well as total store sales in 2004. Hippie, published by our Sterling Publishing division, was the company’s first title to appear on The New York Times nonfiction bestseller list in September 2004.
In October, we sold to GameStop 6.1 million of its shares and distributed the remaining 29.9 million shares we owned directly to Barnes & Noble shareholders. Our shareholders now have direct ownership interests in both Barnes & Noble and GameStop, each of which they are free to trade. While our acquisition of GameStop in 1999 was an enormous success - our $400 million investment grew to over $850 million - we concluded that our shareholders would be better served by this spin- off because we believed the values of Barnes & Noble and GameStop would be enhanced by trading separately and not as a conglomerated entity. Since the transaction, both Barnes & Noble and GameStop stocks have traded above pre-spin-off levels. We believe that through this spin-off, we were able to unlock the inherent value of this tremendous investment for our shareholders.

 2004 Annual Report
[[ LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS ccoontnitniunedue]d ]
     Barnes & Noble, Inc. 5
  Our balance sheet remains strong. We generated free cash flow of approximately $350 million during the fiscal year. Our liquidity position is solid, with a debt-to-equity ratio of 0.21 to 1. At year-end, our revolving credit facility had no outstanding balance; the only debt on the company’s books was a $245 million term loan. In fact, the company had a cash position, net of debt, of $291 million at the end of the year.
During 2004, we redeemed $300 million in convertible notes, resulting in a reduction of approximately nine million dilutive shares. We also distributed more than $500 million of GameStop stock to Barnes & Noble shareholders through the tax-free spin-off. In addition, in March 2005, our Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program of up to $200 million of common shares. This new share repurchase program follows the company’s previous $250 million share repurchase program, which was recently completed in full.
Looking ahead, we will continue to nurture our multi-channel strategy by making it easier for customers to shop with us, whether they visit our stores or shop from their desktops, laptops and handhelds. We plan to open 30 to 40 stores this year, a comfortable pace enabling us to both upgrade existing locations that are near the end of their leases, open in new communities, and enter new markets. This year, we will open a new store in Morgantown, West Virginia, giving Barnes & Noble stores a presence in all 50 states.
We remain focused on delivering exceptional value to our shareholders consistently over time. Over the last five years, our stock price increased 63 percent and our total return to shareholders was 130 percent.
As always, we are grateful to our shareholders for their continued support, and to our booksellers, whose commitment to providing extraordinary service to our customers continues to set Barnes & Noble apart.
Sincerely,
Leonard Riggio Chairman
 