   2 Barnes & Noble, Inc.
 BARNES & NOBLE 2016 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Dear Shareholder:
Fiscal 2016 was a pivotal year for Barnes & Noble. We simplified our corporate and capital structures by completing the spin-off of Barnes & Noble Education and converted the outstanding Preferred Stock into Common Stock. As a result of these actions, we are now in a position to focus all of our efforts on strengthening our core bookstore business.
While we are working in the confines of a mature industry, trends continue to improve for our bookstores with coloring, Manga and young adult books leading the way. Comparable store sales were flat for the year, in-line with our expectations. Due to these improving trends we closed the least amount of stores in the past 16 years and we are now looking at the opportunity of opening four new concept stores in fiscal 2017.
In the past fiscal year, we continued to rationalize NOOK® losses while at the same time providing a great e-Reading experience for our approximately
2 million NOOK customers. We decreased NOOK® losses by 30 percent and have taken certain actions to continue to improve results including the exit of our U.K ., apps and video businesses. We also partnered with Bahwan CyberTek, an information technology provider of software products and services, to outsource certain functions of the NOOK business. We believe this will result in further financial improvement in the years ahead.
In fiscal 2016, we also returned significant capital back to our shareholders through the initiation of a $0.15 per share quarterly dividend and the authorization of a $50 million buyback program. I am happy to report that between these two initiatives we have returned $73 million to our shareholders in fiscal 2016.
This will be my last shareholder letter as I announced this year that I will be retiring as Chairman at this year’s annual shareholder meeting on September 14th. It has been my privilege to serve as Chairman of this great institution.
This company could not have achieved all that it has nor done the important work we do everyday without the dedication and hard work of our 28,000 booksellers. To them I owe a debt of gratitude.
Sincerely,
Leonard Riggio
  