 LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
 Much energy and huge sums of capital have been spent in the pursuit of the still-unrealized promise of Internet retailing. I’m convinced that the greater potential is with what I call “retail Internetters” or retail-based Internet merchants. Let me explain. While the financial markets of the moment would appear to favor the virtual over the real, and spin over substance, I believe that the achievers in this century’s multi-channel marketplace will be those with the ability and mettle to combine the best components of retailing — physical presence, brand loyalty, and direct customer contact — with those of the Internet — electronic media, email, home shopping, and home delivery capabilities.
Regardless of which strategy proves the ultimate winner — whether retail alone, e-commerce alone, or a combination of both — one point is absolutely clear: the Internet is increasing consumer spending and, as a result, consumers are driving the new economy. While it is true that some online sales are transfers of traditional store business, the numbers clearly show that consumers are spending more. Just look at the results Barnes & Noble posted for the past holiday season: sales at Barnes & Noble.com tripled, from $26 million to $82 million, while during the same period our superstores posted comparable sales gains of six percent. If that isn’t evidence of accretion, I don’t know what is.
  4
1999 ANNUAL REPORT

  Internet technology is not a threat to retailers; rather, it has become the ultimate enabler. As it applies to Barnes & Noble, the Internet enables us to put a super bookstore on every customer’s desk. It also enables us to create a virtual community, and enables us to render the community we already have, whole. In short, online technology is making us even better at what we already do best.
Our vision for the future is both simple and profound: to create an effective and seamless relationship between our customers’ expectations and our mission as booksellers; and to create a similar seamless experience between our virtual community and the real and vibrant community we have
already established.
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
5
  Leonard Riggio
 