   2 Barnes & Noble, Inc.
 Barnes & noBle 2013 letter to shareholders
To Our Shareholders:
Barnes & Noble achieved a great deal during another year of remarkable change in our industry. Our Retail and College businesses delivered solid performances, demonstrating once again that they are valuable and profitable cornerstones
of our company. While our NOOK® business experienced a shortfall due to an over-estimation of holiday customer demand, we have sold 10 million devices to date and remain as committed as ever to delivering the best black-and-white and color eReaders on the market.
Our bookstores had a solid year, with a 16% increase in earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA), due primarily to gross margin expansion and lower expenses. Driving sales was the runaway success of E.L. James’ “Fifty Shades of Grey” and its sequels, which have sold over 70 million copies worldwide and set the record as the fastest-selling paperback of all time, surpassing the “Harry Potter” series. Most remarkable is that “Fifty Shades”
was initially self-published online, yet another sign of the democratization of content and the opportunities it presents to authors and readers alike.
Barnes & Noble College continues to be a great success story. Sales increased 1.1% for the year, as new store growth offset a slight decline in comparable store sales. College generated its best year of new contracts in the last decade, opening 49 new stores, and anticipating a strong pipeline of new contracts in the coming year. At the same time, College continued to invest in digital education, extend- ing its leadership as an innovator in this segment.
Losses in our NOOK segment were higher than expected, mainly due to the shortfall in new product holiday sales for HD and HD+ tablets. Nonetheless, we remain committed to offering customers the best digital bookstore experience as we look to reduce NOOK losses. While our digital strategy is being refocused, it remains rooted in our commitment to offer customers great content on any device they choose.
 
   Overall, Barnes & Noble generated $6.84 billion in total sales for the year. Despite NOOK losses, we generated positive EBITDA for the year. Our balance sheet remains strong, as we continue to reduce debt and increase cash. NOOK Media, the subsidiary formed through strategic partnerships with Microsoft and Pearson, remains financially sound.
It has been financing itself since the fall of 2012, and has a solid net cash position and no debt.
Great companies succeed over time by understanding the changing needs of their customers and adapting to shifts in their markets. The book industry has been undergoing dramatic change in recent years and we expect that trend to continue. We believe we have a strong mix of assets that will help us to maintain our leadership position. Our bookstores continue to be the centerpieces of the communities we serve and our College business breaks new ground every day as an innovative leader in that space. We have confidence in the future of our NOOK business, and believe that along with our industry leading technology partners, we will not only stabilize that business but also position it for growth. We also have an asset whose value cannot be underestimated — the Barnes & Noble brand. Over the years, through thick and thin, it has continued to be a brand in which our customers believe and trust. As we evolve to meet the new demands of our customers and the markets we serve, the Barnes & Noble name will remain
a clear competitive differentiator, representing our commitment to provide the very best content, delivered wherever, whenever, and on whatever platform our millions of customers choose.
Sincerely, Leonard Riggio
2013 Annual Report 3
 