   2 Barnes & Noble, Inc.
 BARNES & NOBLE 2014 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
To Our Shareholders:
We went into fiscal 2014 facing a number of challenges be they industry-wide or unique to our businesses. But, I’m happy to say we ended the year having made great progress on multiple fronts and delivered a solid financial performance.
Overall, Barnes & Noble generated $6.4 billion in total sales for the year. Our balance sheet remains strong, as the Company ended the year with $340 million in cash and no borrowings under our $1 billion credit facility.
All three business segments contributed to our success, with Retail and College generating solid results and NOOK® significantly reducing year-over-year losses. Overall, Barnes & Noble generated consolidated annual earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) of $251 million, the highest it has been in four years.
Our Retail Group had a strong year, generating EBITDA of $354 million. Driving this performance was a popular title line-up across all categories and great execution in our bookstores. In particular, our booksellers, buyers and mer- chants worked hard to prepare our stores for the holiday season and our custom- ers responded enthusiastically at the cash registers.
We saw improved bookstore sales trends during fiscal 2014, which support industry reports that suggest e-book growth has moderated. As this trend continues, we believe we are well-positioned to serve our customers on multiple platforms.
We intend to enhance our multi-platform offering soon with the re-launch of our bn.com E-commerce website later in the summer, with improved search and accuracy, and faster shipping that will enable us to be more efficient and competitive.
College also had another solid year, with EBITDA increasing 2.8%, to $115 mil- lion, including a $22 million investment in YuzuTM, our new digital education platform. College opened 30 new stores, and we see a strong pipeline ahead. The number of new and used titles available for rent increased significantly, driving textbook rental growth of 61% for the year. Rentals provide a significant cost sav- ings to students and higher textbook margins for the company. We see significant opportunities at College going forward.
 
   The NOOK management team executed well on its operating and financial plans, including selling through its device inventory, reducing expenses and exploring opportunities to grow content sales, which led to a $263 million reduction in EBITDA loss. As a result of our rationalization efforts in 2014, we expect a further decrease in EBITDA loss in the NOOK segment in 2015. This fiscal year NOOK moved from being a device-centric business to one more focused on growing content sales.
We are excited about our new partnership with Samsung to create customized tablets that combine Samsung’s leading tablet technology with NOOK’s award- winning reading experience. This partnership will enable the Company to reduce its exposure on the hardware production side while allowing NOOK to do what it does best – delivering the best reading experience in the marketplace.
In June 2014, Barnes & Noble’s Board of Directors authorized management to separate Barnes & Noble’s Retail and NOOK MediaTM businesses into two sepa- rate public companies. We believe these businesses will have the best opportu- nity to optimize shareholder value if they are capitalized and operated separately. Our goal is to complete the proposed separation by the end of the first quarter
of next calendar year. We expect our Retail and NOOK Media businesses will continue to have successful long-term business relationships with each other after separation.
We are pleased with the progress we made during the year in each of our busi- nesses thanks to the hard work and commitment of our Retail and College book- sellers and NOOK employees around the country. I feel confident that we are well positioned to undertake the proposed separation of Retail and NOOK Media but recognize there is much work to be done.
As we continue to adapt the structure of our company to the changing market- place environment and evolving needs of our customers, there is one thing that will not change – our commitment that the Barnes & Noble brand will always stand for the highest quality content delivered wherever, whenever and however our customers choose to connect with us.
Sincerely,
Leonard Riggio
2014 Annual Report 3
 