    [ LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS ]
  2002 Annual Report
2 Barnes & Noble, Inc.
DEAR SHAREHOLDER:
Fiscal 2002 was not a particularly good year for the economy or for the retail sector. The entire book industry, including Barnes & Noble, experienced the effects of the slowdown in consumer spending. For the second straight year, we’ve seen softness in retail with no end in sight, as we go to press with this annual report. The conflict with Iraq has already taken its toll on the first quarter of 2003.
On the brighter side, we continued to lead the book industry in sales, operating profit and cash flow. More importantly, we posted a 48 percent increase in earnings per share year-over-year as a result of some very positive developments:
1) Expense reductions in the bookselling business mitigated some, though not all, of the shortfall in sales as compared to plan.
2) Losses in Barnes & Noble.com declined again, resulting from increased sales and reduced operating expenses.
3) OurinvestmentinGameStopcontinuedtodeliverincreasedvaluetoBarnes&Noble shareholders by substantially adding to our EPS growth.
Looking at the retail bookselling component, which remains our core business, some good news and many achievements deserve recognition. To begin with, Barnes & Noble ranked number one in quality among all retail brands in the “Fall 2002 EquiTrend Brand Study” by Harris Interactive. We came out ahead of such giants as Home Depot, Target and Wal-Mart, and ahead of all retailers, large and small alike, who are identified with high-quality merchandising. Over time, superior branding and superior execution are the keys to any retailer’s success.
Sales, though less than plan, increased 6.4 percent from the previous year, and 47 new stores—almost one million square feet of retail space—were added. Within the four walls of the stores, we posted increases in our music, café and gift departments, while we struggled to breakeven in the book sector. Even here, we had some good news as sales in fiction, children’s books, how-to books, and the lifestyle categories bucked the trend.
While we remain dependent on the vitality of the publishing industry, which is clearly experiencing some setbacks at the moment, we have taken bold initiatives to enhance our own publishing programs in order to ensure our future. The acquisition of Sterling Publishing Co., Inc., one of the nation’s top 25 publishers, augments our already robust publishing unit. Sterling’s valuable backlist will provide myriad opportunities to create added sales in our bookstores and margin to our bottom line, while their distribution capabilities will find new outlets for the many more titles we intend to publish. In addition, the launch of Barnes & Noble Classics in April 2003 heralds the beginning of a new era for the company, and an exciting new application for our brand: The Barnes & Noble imprint stands for better content, binding, graphics, and far better value for readers everywhere.

 2002 Annual Report
 [ LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS continued]
    Though lost somewhat in the shuffle of the dot com boom/bust hype, Barnes & Noble.com is slowly, yet steadily, fulfilling our early expectations. Never intended to be all things to all consumers, the goal from the very beginning was to create a great web site and to offer a compelling group of benefits for customers. While online sales of most other retailers suffered in 2002, Barnes & Noble.com increased sales by 4.5 percent which, together with a 50 percent reduction in operational expenses, inched it ever closer to its goal of profitability. Barnes & Noble.com ended the year with $70 million in cash on hand and no debt. We own approximately 38 percent of Barnes & Noble.com, and our share of their losses has declined by 70 percent from the prior year.
Most remarkable is the phenomenal success of GameStop, the nation’s largest video-game retailer, of which we own approximately 60 percent. Despite the troubling year for the retail industry in general, GameStop increased sales by 20.7 percent year-over-year, and comparable sales by 11.4 percent. All together, 210 new stores were added in 2002, with many more to come in the future. Although we believe the embedded value of this important asset has not been adequately recognized, its contribution over time to our earnings per share will inevitably become a larger part of our compelling growth story.
Let me conclude by noting that visibility into the near-term future of retail is at best very difficult as of this writing. The effects of the war, the economy and the shape of the consumer spending curve are simply too difficult to quantify with any certainty. It is tempting to say that things are certain to get better than this, but the key questions remain, by how much, and how soon?
The coming holiday season will conclude a make or break year for many retailers. However, due to our strong balance sheet and cash flow, we will take whatever good or bad is on the horizon. We will also execute to the best of our ability all of the many, many programs we have put in place. We will drive sales and we will spend wisely, and work hard to deliver (EPS) growth to our shareholders this coming year, and in the years to follow.
This report is dedicated again to the tens of thousands of great booksellers who work in our stores and in our home office. To the public, they remain the face of Barnes & Noble. Also to our shareholders, much thanks for your support.
Sincerely,
Leonard Riggio Chairman
Barnes & Noble, Inc. 3
 