   2 Barnes & Noble, Inc.
 BARNES & NOBLE 2010 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
2009 will stand as a major turning point in the history of bookselling. Rivaled only by events such as the invention of the printing press itself and the advent of the mass market paperback, the digitization of book content promises to open up and expand the marketplace for books and other written works to unprecedented levels.
In 2009, Barnes & Noble transformed its business by extending our bookselling leadership through best-in-class technology. It was the year of NOOKTM, the most full-featured dedicated eBook Reader on the market, which quickly gained acclaim and awards. We also opened the doors to our virtual BN eBookstore, a vast digital offering of more than one million titles, and we created free, easy to use NOOK eReader software, which enables customers to enjoy their Barnes & Noble eBooks on a variety of the most popular mobile and computing devices.
In less than a year, the Company achieved a 20 percent share of the eBook marketplace, larger even than its current 17 percent share of the physical book marketplace. This is an amazing accomplishment in such a short period of time, and we believe our share will only increase in the years ahead and provide an income stream far in excess of our traditional bookstore operations.
Although, to some extent, eBook sales do replace bookstore sales, a survey of our Members – Barnes & Noble’s very best customers – shows they have increased their combined physical and digital spend with us by 17 percent since purchasing a NOOK and by a phenomenal 70 percent in total units. In addition, we’ve already begun to see the halo effect of NOOK both online at BN.COM and in our stores. For example, a quarter of NOOK owners are new to BN.COM, which means
we’ve been able to attract a significant number of new online customers to the Company through our strategic marketing efforts.
As a result of our strong, long-term relationships with our publishing partners, we’ve been able to offer the unprecedented benefit of digital eBook lending to our customers, as well as a rich and unique in-store eReading experience for NOOK customers. NOOK owners have told us they enjoy coming into our stores, sitting in our cafés, sipping a beverage, connecting to our free Wi-Fi,® shopping our eBookstore, browsing the complete contents of eBooks at no cost, and down- loading free exclusive content from bestselling authors and special promotions.
We have also been encouraged by the fact that our bookstores have emerged as the very best places to sell eBook Reading devices and the benefits of eBooks. This past year, we installed special NOOK counters at the front entrance of each of our stores, complete with an experienced sales staff to demonstrate our eBook Readers. There is no question that much of the success of NOOK sales goes to our
 
   40,000 booksellers across the country, who have been on the front lines enthusiastically educating customers about eReading and selling the vast majority of our devices in our bookstores every day. Our bookstores have always been and will remain a destination for book lovers. And, we will continue to drive
traffic to our stores through our digital programs and promotions, which are giving our customers another reason to shop with us.
Another important milestone for 2009 was the acquisition of the Barnes & Noble College bookstore business. Bringing together the Barnes & Noble retail and college businesses allowed us to reunify the brand and add a very predictable and growing revenue stream to BKS. In this rapidly changing environment, both companies are benefiting from the unified digital platform and brand. In fact, our college business is at the forefront of transforming the college bookselling industry. Today, we offer more choices for students to acquire their course required materials. Students can buy their textbooks new or used, they can rent them, or they can buy them in digital format.
We believe the movement of textbook sales towards online and digital formats will accelerate decisions by colleges and universities to seek a partner like Barnes & Noble to operate their stores. As of this writing, Barnes & Noble has introduced NOOKstudyTM, a revolutionary, easy-to-use online reading and study platform which offers higher-education students instant downloads of eText- books and academic and trade titles using the computing device they rely on most, their PC or Mac®. NOOKstudy is also compatible with the company’s entire catalog of eBooks and digital content.
In summary, we believe that all evidence is pointing to yet another rapid growth phase for the book industry, and we couldn’t be more excited. As digital and online sales accelerate, Barnes & Noble remains well positioned to gain a significant share of these exciting new markets. We believe the growth rate will continue to accelerate over the next few years, and our sales are growing at an even faster rate and gaining momentum every day. We are confident that in the years ahead, our market share will grow across all segments of our business as our investments in the future pay off. Our goal going forward will be to place a Barnes & Noble bookstore in every reader’s pocket.
Sincerely,
Chairman
2010 Annual Report 3
 