my FelloW shaReholdeRs
March 2012
2011 was filled with opportunity and peril for investors. While the resilience of the u.s. consumer and strong corporate earnings offered some bright spots, markets reacted to political, economic and social upheavals. these ranged from the arab spring and occupy Wall street, to the devastating earthquake and tsunami in Japan, to the eurozone crisis and sovereign debt downgrades, to moderating growth in china, india and Brazil.
early optimism about recovery from the financial crisis gave way to uncertainty and soaring volatility in the second half of the year, driving investors to the sidelines. their anxiety led them to favor cash and short-term securities over long-term invest- ments, bonds over equities, passive products over active, and etPs over mutual funds. the s&P 500 ended the year almost exactly where it started, outperforming global and emerging market equity indices, but lagging traditional safe havens, including u.s. treasurys, gold, the Japanese yen and the swiss franc.
SUSTAINING OUR RECORD OF GROWTH
BlackRock not only navigated these challenging business conditions, but we sustained our record
of growth. We increased revenues by 5%, adjusted operating income by 7% and diluted earnings per share, as adjusted, by 8%. in addition, we increased our adjusted operating margin to 39.7%, demonstrating our ongoing commitment to disciplined manage- ment of the company. adjusted operating cash
flow rose to $2.6 billion, supporting a 38% increase in our dividends per share. in total, we returned $3.7 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, while continuing to reinvest meaningfully in our business.
We expanded and diversified our shareholder base over the past 16 months, dramatically increasing the liquidity of our stock and eliminating a source
of overhang. in November 2010, we executed a highly successful secondary offering and in June 2011, repurchased the remaining stake held by Bank of america, once a 49% owner. our public float increased from 20% to nearly 60%. BlackRock also achieved a significant milestone when Blk was added to the s&P 500 index in april 2011. We view this as a testament to the quality and durability of the franchise we have built.
TRANSITIONING FROM SAVERS TO INVESTORS
during 2011, we completed the Bgi merger integration and made considerable headway on the implementation of our global operating platform, which we believe will continue to unlock efficiencies over time. this progress allowed us to focus all of our attention on working with BlackRock’s clients
to address their growing investment challenges. Broadly speaking, these challenges reflect how difficult it is in the current environment to
structure portfolios that can generate
returns sufficient to meet expected
liabilities.
Fear made the problem worse last year. in response to
the unfolding euro-
pean debt crisis, a
tense standoff
       
over the u.s. debt ceiling and increased volatility, investors “shortened up” rather than investing in line with their long-term financial needs. they withdrew from equity markets and flocked to cash and u.s. treasurys. Bank deposits and money market funds in the united states jumped a half-trillion dollars
to $14 trillion1, while buyers of u.s. treasurys drove yields to historic lows. despite being downgraded to double-a in august, u.s. treasurys ended the year beating both stocks and commodities with a total return of 9.8%2.
Was this a flight to safety or a false sense of security? We believe it was the latter. in fact, we believe investors increased their risk, as the shift to cash widened the gap between their assets and liabilities. Put simply, short-term “savings” will
not produce long-term nest eggs. the conundrum is how we manage our longevity. We are so pre- occupied by our health, exercising and eating better so we can live longer, yet we ignore the need to invest so we can afford that longer life.
the task is more difficult in the current environ- ment. low real rates may be the medicine needed to restore health to our economies, but savers
are the ones left with a bitter taste. lower yields are sapping their ability to compound earnings on their assets to pay for the rising costs of education, healthcare and living expenses. there are no short- cuts. investors must “mind the gap” between their assets and earnings power on the one hand, and their current and future expenses on the other. they must invest long-term to meet long-term needs.
this short-termism is a widespread disease afflicting not only investors, but also politicians and businesspeople everywhere. in our connected world, we have become hyper-consumers of information, deluged by data and paralyzed by our inability to digest it all. We let fear erode our opportunities and fail to tackle the larger challenges facing society. We need to build our infrastructure, educate our children, fund our retirements and improve our standard of living. to accomplish these goals, we need to fight off short-termism and move from saving to investing at every level.
BLACkROCk WAS BUILT FOR THESE TIMES
For BlackRock, this imperative reinforces the sense of responsibility to our clients around which we have built our business. our capabilities encompass a full range of active and passive strategies and a deep belief in data and analytical rigor, anchored in the risk management expertise of BlackRock Solutions and our deep intellectual talent. our unparalleled platform makes us a valued partner for our clients across geographies and through market cycles.
this is especially true as investors shift their focus from individual products to investment solutions. clients want a more holistic approach to asset allocation to achieve targeted outcomes. this focus has encouraged use of active strategies with a proven ability to consistently deliver alpha, whether in long-only portfolios managed relative to a bench- mark or in alternative investments that are less correlated to broader markets. it also has driven increased demand for beta or index strategies that offer market access, liquidity and efficiency.
the intersection of index and active strategies across asset classes offers compelling opportunities to design effective investment solutions for clients.
to succeed, we have to deliver investment perfor- mance: alpha over a benchmark, absolute returns, or beta with minimal tracking error. this will always
Please review the important Notes on page 122 for information regarding adjustments to certain figures in this letter.
1source: Federal Reserve Flow of Funds accounts of the united states.
2source: Barclays capital u.s. treasury index, december 30, 2011. 5
    
be our foremost priority. in all cases, we apply disciplined investment processes supported by sophisticated risk management capabilities and our renowned Aladdin® operating system. BlackRock’s platform for providing investment solutions simply has no equal.
Active Products: active investment strategies continue to dominate client portfolios and remain central to our business. in 2011, we earned $4.5 billion of revenues on average aum of $1.2 trillion3 in actively managed offerings. We continually invest in our portfolio management teams, risk management expertise and the operating systems supporting their investment processes. We encourage informa- tion sharing, and respect the integrity of each team’s distinct investment opinions. inevitably, some strat- egies will be out of favor from time to time, but we expect our managers to achieve their return targets over a market cycle. When we fail, we aren’t afraid to take decisive action to address the problem.
equities and fixed income represent three-quarters of our aum and two-thirds of our base fees in active investments, with the remainder in alternatives and multi-asset class products. as investors de-risked during the second half of the year, international retail investors deserted equity funds, including those offered by BlackRock, in favor of global and emerging market debt funds for which we did not have competitive offerings. in contrast, we were able to leverage our broader product line-up in the
united states to attract new business in equi- ties and bonds throughout the year. institutional outflows were driven primarily by reallocation out of scientific active equities despite strong per- formance and an industry trend away from active core bond portfolios to index, fiduciary and other strategies.
Alternatives: as market correlations have increased, traditional diversification methods have failed. investors have responded by using a barbell approach, marrying efficient beta with alternative investments to diversify their sources of risk and return. to meet clients’ needs, we added a renew- able power team, a private equity team and a new head of our real estate business in 2011. our core alternatives also include single-strategy hedge funds, a very successful multi-strategy fund, and funds of funds that can tailor alternative investment solutions to specific client interests. in addition to launching funds for our new teams, we introduced several alternative investment products specifi- cally designed for retail investors. during 2011, we earned $557 million of base fees and $171 million of performance fees on $66 billion of average aum in core alternatives. We expect alternatives to be a more significant contributor to client portfolios and BlackRock results over time.
Multi-Asset Class Solutions: the growing interest
in multi-asset class solutions is driving strong demand for our global allocation funds, target-date
   3 all full year 2011 average aum references in this letter represent a simple average of the monthly period-end aum.

    portfolios and fiduciary man- agement services.
We offer tailored strategies to institutional
clients, including a range of investment outsourcing services,
custom glide paths for target-date offerings, and robust support for de-
fined contribution platforms. We are also bringing investment approaches we use with institutional investors to the retail marketplace. For example, we recently introduced a multi-asset
income fund, which combines a tactical asset allocation strategy that mitigates volatility with a flexible income solution. in 2011, we earned $894 million in base fees on $217 billion of average aum managed in multi-asset class investments.
Passive Products: BlackRock’s industry-leading index investment teams manage institutional accounts and our iShares etPs to achieve net investment returns that closely track the index chosen by the client. the keys to success in this area include skillful portfolio construction, espe- cially for indices that cannot be replicated at the security level, management of trading costs and other fund expenses, and the ability to offset these costs with securities lending revenue. etP investors bear the additional cost of commissions or bid/ask spread on their shares, which can easily overwhelm differences in expense ratios. they are therefore very sensitive to the liquidity of their etP shares. similarly, taxable investors are sensitive to gains generated in the underlying portfolios, which reduce their after-tax returns. given the sophisticated work that goes into efficiently delivering the returns our clients expect from these products, their managers need to be anything but “passive.”
all types of investors use index funds and etPs, including the largest, most sophisticated institu- tions, registered investment advisers and individual investors. these strategies are a key component
of target-date funds and model portfolios, and are playing an increasingly important role in asset- liability management. our institutional index accounts offer highly competitive services and
the ability to customize an approach to obtaining desired market exposures. these accounts are often multi-billion dollar mandates that offer clients the benefit of scale pricing. in 2011, we earned
$702 million in base fees on average institutional index aum of $1.4 trillion.
clients use iShares to equitize their cash and
to take core and tactical exposures. as market volatility increased late last year, investors were drawn to the intraday liquidity and transparency
of etPs, and we benefited from having the most comprehensive product range with the deepest liquidity. our european offerings feature physical (rather than synthetic) collateral, a differentiator that helped us capture a substantial share of flows in 2011. We devote significant resources and talent to supporting and building our iShares business, including dedicated capital markets, product development and distribution professionals, in ad- dition to the index portfolio management teams. in 2011, iShares generated $2.3 billion of revenues on average aum of $609 billion, nearly three-quarters of which were equity etPs.
Risk Management & Advisory Services: there has never been greater demand for BlackRock Solutions (“BRs”), which encompasses our Aladdin operating platform, risk management offerings and financial markets advisory services. BRs achieved record revenues of $510 million in 2011. New business
was particularly robust outside the united states and included our first two multi-asset Aladdin assignments in Japan. in addition, european governmental entities, including the central Bank
of ireland and the Bank of greece, sought the counsel of our financial markets advisory experts as they tackled their sovereign debt crises. We also capitalized on the bond market rally to liquidate portfolios we were asked to oversee during the financial crisis, including maiden lane ii, which generated sufficient proceeds to fully repay liabilities to the New york Fed and aig, and provide a net gain for u.s. taxpayers.
7
 
SERVING THE NEEDS OF OUR CLIENTS
our clients continue to face challenges even as
the world recovers from the global financial crisis. the united states has proven more dynamic and resilient than many expected, while the eurozone is struggling under the weight of debt in the periph- ery. china appears to be successfully balancing growth and inflation, while engineering a gradual transition from an investment- to a consumption- led economy. markets remain skittish about geopolitical uncertainty and the slew of elections and leadership changes around the world that will occur this year. the Federal Reserve has already declared its intent to leave interest rates low into 2014, extending the financial repression that is
a tremendous challenge for investors seeking appropriate returns.
markets – and our clients – are further hindered by the lack of clarity around new rules and regula- tions for the financial services industry. We have taken an active role with policymakers in major financial centers to debate proposed regulations that will impact our clients’ investments, including the Volcker Rule, Foreign account tax compliance act (“Fatca”), otc derivatives clearing, markets in Financial instruments directive (“miFid”), alterna- tive investment Fund managers directive (“aiFmd”) and money market fund reform. our approach has been educational and our aim has been to make sure that the voice of the investor is heard. simi- larly, we have pursued a policy of constructive en- gagement with the Boards and senior management of companies in which we invest on behalf of
our clients, inviting consultation on proxy
issues at an early stage.
We are supporting our clients’ priorities with invest- ments in alternatives, retirement and multi-asset class solutions, income strategies, BlackRock Solutions, and iShares. We are also investing in our people as a strategic priority, expanding our talent development programs and shaping an environment that supports continuous learning and robust career paths. We expect these efforts to support critical work with our clients and fuel our future growth.
during 2011, we launched the BlackRock investment institute to facilitate information sharing among our portfolio managers worldwide, fostering debate and dialogue that our investors find valuable as they shape their investment strategies. the very first forum spawned the BlackRock sovereign Risk index, an innovative framework for gauging sovereign credit risk. since that time, the institute has tackled issues as wide ranging as u.s. consumers, china’s savers, the european debt crisis, banking regulation, corporate profit margins and dividend investing. our portfolio managers
are also using an internal social media platform to share insights and collaborate with colleagues around the world. their enthusiasm has been infectious.
Finally, we are investing in the BlackRock brand and helping clients move from short-term saving to long-term investing through our “investing for a New World” campaign. launched earlier this year,
        
   it complements our efforts to advocate for more transparent markets and to create the capabilities needed to serve our clients by providing real an- swers to their concerns amid the unprecedented challenges in today’s environment.
CONTINUING TO DELIVER ON OUR PROMISES
as pleased as i am with BlackRock’s performance in 2011, i believe shareholder value is derived primarily from our ability to grow the business through time by meeting our clients’ needs and earning their trust. i am extremely proud of our long-term growth record. since our initial public offering in 1999, markets have swung wildly.
yet, we have consistently improved BlackRock’s financial results, achieving growth in 11 of the past 12 years (the only exception was 2008 in the depth of the financial crisis). importantly, we have done so without putting our shareholders’ capital at risk via balance sheet leverage or proprietary trading. our focus is exclusively on our clients’ investment objectives and challenges. BlackRock’s income stream is certainly affected by market movements, but our business is well diversified and supported by strong growth engines.
i believe that BlackRock is well positioned to continue to deliver on our promise to clients and shareholders thanks to the tireless work and unwavering drive for excellence of our 10,100 employees around the world. in 2011, we asked our people to raise the bar, to ensure we have the very best talent and a dynamic culture in which they can thrive. more than 900 colleagues joined the BlackRock family this past year, including leaders like mark mccombe, chairman of asia-Pacific,
and linda Robinson, head of global marketing and communications, who are already making tremendous contributions to the firm.
our goal is to build a better financial future for
our clients, and i would like to thank them for their continued trust and confidence in BlackRock.
i would also like to express my gratitude to our Board of directors for their wise counsel and devotion to our company. i know they are as proud as i am of the great work BlackRock is doing to guide our clients in these uncertain times. this work would not be possible without the support
of our shareholders, and i thank you for your continued interest in the success of our company.
sincerely,
laurence d. Fink
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 9
     