                         BLACKROCK n 4 n BLACKROCK
      MY FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS
April 2010
The global financial system is coming out of the most difficult period since the Great Depression, a crisis that will profoundly reshape banking and capital markets worldwide. The story is still unfolding. I am proud to say that BlackRock distinguished itself throughout the crisis and is one of a very few firms to emerge stronger and even more differentiated. Though we were not perfect, we never lost our focus on serving clients and helping them navigate treacherous conditions. We continued
to reinvest in our business and to reinvent ourselves, constantly striving to improve our ability to help create a better financial future for our clients. We achieved strong investment performance, especially on our international equity platform, a robust turnaround in fixed income
and alternative investment products, and continued double-digit growth in our BlackRock Solutions business. Clients awarded us $219.2 billion1 of net new business in long-term and advisory mandates in 2009. We achieved adjusted net income growth of 19% and adjusted operating margins in excess of 38%. Our stockholders realized a
77% return for the year, capping our first decade as a public company with a compounded annual return of 33% versus 0.4% on the S&P 500 over the same time period.2
During the past two years, we also continued to focus
on the longer term and how we wanted to evolve our business to be better positioned to serve our clients in the future. As we looked past the crisis, we perceived ongoing legislative and regulatory pressure to shrink bank balance sheets, the increasing importance of capital markets worldwide, a shift in the balance of global economic power, growth of the middle class in developing economies, the inexorable move toward globalization, significant fiscal pressures, particularly across the U.S. and Europe, a massive shortfall in retirement savings and the need for new asset allocation strategies and innova- tive investment solutions. We remained as enthusiastic as ever about our business model – a globally integrated firm focused exclusively on investment and risk manage- ment and on serving our clients as a fiduciary.
    
                BLACKROCK n 5 n BLACKROCK
 In 2009, we prioritized our resources, invested to enhance our existing capabilities with key lateral hires and the addition of R3 Capital Partners, and capitalized on our strong position to pursue what we believe was a unique and transformational opportunity, the acquisition of Barclays Global Investors (“BGI”). We announced the BGI transaction on June 11th and closed on December 1st. BGI was of particular interest because of their deep capabilities in index and quantitative investments, the quality of their people and their record of innovation. Historical accomplishments have included the first index fund, the first target date portfolios and the industry- leading exchange-traded fund (“ETF”) platform, iShares. Their disciplined investment processes integrate systematic security selection, risk management and transaction cost management to minimize tracking error and deliver efficient beta on index products and to realize attractive risk-adjusted returns on scientific and model- based portfolios.
BGI’s products complement BlackRock’s fundamental active strategies that employ a bottom-up security selection process led by portfolio managers who use quantitative and fundamental analysis and their market experience to inform their judgment. They work closely
with our Risk and Quantitative Analysis team to ensure that their risk exposures are deliberate and appropriately scaled. Producing alpha for our clients remains central to our business, and our track record is strong.3
• Over 86% of our fundamental active equity AUM out- performed their benchmarks or peer medians for the past five years. Our international equity teams have been exceptional, with 18 funds in the top quartile, including nine in the top decile, last year and equally strong performance over the past three- and five- year periods.
• Similarly, more than 87% of multi-asset class AUM outperformed their indices or peers over the past five years. These products offer clients the most direct way to leverage BlackRock’s scale and expertise
in global markets and risk management to deliver comprehensive and/or customized solutions for clients, ranging from funds on our $60 billion Global Allocation platform to LifePath (target date) portfolios, liability-driven investment strategies and fiduciary outsourcing services.
   
                         BLACKROCK n 6 n BLACKROCK
       • In fixed income, weak results in 2008 were a drag on the longer-term track record, but we were pleased with the strong turnaround in 2009, when 79% of AUM exceeded its benchmarks or peer medians. During the year, we refined the structure of our fixed income effort to enhance focus and accountability for per- formance. We also made significant investments to augment our capabilities, including adding extensive credit, leveraged finance and distressed expertise through the addition of the R3 team.
By delivering what we promise to investors, we strengthen our ability to sustain and deepen our client relationships and to attract new clients. Further, the range of strong products represents a diverse toolkit upon which we can draw to help clients solve their investment problems. I believe these capabilities will increasingly differentiate BlackRock.
At year-end 2009, BlackRock managed $3.35 trillion of assets for clients worldwide, up $2.04 trillion or 156% from reported AUM at December 31, 2008. The majority of that increase, $1.54 trillion or 75%, was in index products added through the BGI transaction. The magnitude of
the shift in our product mix is telling: index management is a scale business, and we believe that index products, including iShares, will be an important building block in overall asset allocation. More specifically, we believe that investors will increasingly barbell their asset allocation, blending index strategies to gain efficient market expo- sures with a wide range of active strategies to enhance portfolio returns. We pursued this unprecedented combination because we believe it will enable us to be more effective, more holistic problem solvers for inves- tors and to deliver the benefits of scale to our clients.
The BGI transaction also brought model-based fixed income and scientific active equity capabilities, including both long-only and alternative products. The success of the model-based fixed income effort has been under- appreciated. The team met or exceeded their objectives last year and every year since they started the business in 2004. In contrast, difficulties in the quantitative equity industry have been heavily reported. The coverage reminds me of Mark Twain’s famous line, “Reports of
my death are greatly exaggerated.” In fact, our results
in 2009 were mixed, with our U.S. large cap and Japan strategies underperforming, while global, U.S. small cap, emerging market and many regional strategies outper- formed. A number of our competitors have exited the business, but we remain convinced that the approach is viable, and we are devoting considerable resources to developing the next generation signals and models for these products.
After an extremely difficult 2008, many pundits were predicting the demise of the alternative investment industry. To the contrary, we believe alternatives will
be an important component of future asset allocation strategies. We added a number of strategies during the year, including BGI’s premier global macro team, active currency management and a range of hedge funds. Many of our products, including our BlackRock Alternative Advisors funds of funds, recovered or nearly recovered their high water marks by year-end. Throughout the crisis, we worked hard to ensure that clients had continued access to their funds, even though that positioned BlackRock as a net supplier of liquidity when many of our peers gated or suspended redemptions. Forward redemption requests stretched into 2009, but we began to see inflows late in the year as investors began to re-risk their portfolios. Unlike other alternatives, commercial real estate has continued its downward trajectory. We were especially disappointed to have let investors down when the Peter Cooper Village/Stuyvesant Town partner- ship defaulted on its bonds early this year following an adverse court ruling and hostile market conditions.
Cash management products industry-wide suffered substantial outflows as investors began to reallocate to fixed income and equities. The market crisis that began in 2007 induced a dramatic flight to safety, with global money market fund balances surging to a peak of $4.5 trillion in March 2009 before falling back to $3.9 trillion at year-end. Consistent with industry trends, we had $101.3 billion of net inflows in our cash management products in 2007 and 2008, followed by $49.7 billion of net outflows in 2009. Still, global cash balances remain well above their average for the five years preceding the crisis. My expectation would be for continued outflows in favor of higher return assets and other corporate uses.
Globalization, increased regulation, the need for proper risk management capabilities and fiduciary obligations are changing the investment management business. Scale has never been more important, and may well be the catalyst that drives consolidation in our highly
   
                         BLACKROCK n 7 n BLACKROCK
      fragmented industry. BlackRock is in a unique position to leverage its scale to benefit clients. We seek to do this in a variety of ways. For example, we use our financial scale to enhance our global presence and our operating scale to ensure that we gain the benefit of that presence through information sharing and consistent processes. We also leverage longstanding investments in risk management, trading research and trade execution capabilities to support a wide range of value-added services for clients, such as transition management, securities lending, securities finance and our BlackRock Solutions offerings.
Demand for BlackRock Solutions products and services remained robust in 2009, as clients sought to enhance their risk management infrastructure and work with us to understand and address a variety of balance sheet or portfolio exposures. We added 48 net new assignments during the year, including four Aladdin implementations and 43 advisory assignments. The latter include the long-term portfolio liquidation assignments we report as advisory AUM, which increased by $16.2 billion last year. We ended the year with over $9 trillion of positions on Aladdin for more than 130 clients worldwide. We continue to build these capabilities to serve BlackRock and our clients.
In early 2010, we acquired Helix Financial Group to augment our commercial real estate analytics and workout capabilities, and we have already won new assignments that capitalize on these resources. We are also very excited about the potential to extend BGI’s transaction cost management system and processes across a global trading platform, leveraging our scale to achieve better execution for our clients. Finally, as we complete the integration of our operating platform, we expect to incorporate new capabilities that reflect the broader scale and scope of our investment management activities into Aladdin. This will greatly enhance our BlackRock Solutions offerings and expand the range
of services we can offer clients. We believe this will represent a significant new business opportunity over the coming years.
Many clients use BlackRock to manage a single product, but a growing number turn to BlackRock to access a combination of capabilities – investment and risk man- agement, passive and active, fundamental and scientific, traditional and alternative. We work to bring together expertise across the capital structure and across the globe to help clients meet their investment objectives. Historically, our investments have focused primarily on developed economies, which have the deepest capital
markets. I believe that clients will increasingly cast a wider net for attractive investments, and that global economic growth will depend on the growth of the global capital markets and on trade policies that facilitate the free flow of capital across borders. In short, I believe that globalization is our collective destiny. It will no doubt progress in fits and starts, as protectionist tendencies inevitably crop up, but I do not believe it is possible to turn back the dial on the level of interconnectedness in the global economy and capital markets.
BlackRock’s business strategy has long been informed by this view. Investing requires global perspective, and serving clients requires local expertise. At December 31, 2009, approximately 39% of our AUM was managed for non-U.S. clients and 41% of our employees were based outside the U.S. I would expect these totals to reach or exceed 50% over the next five years, in line with expec- tations for growth in GDP, savings and regional capital markets. In particular, as the global capital markets evolve, I would expect to selectively expand our local investment management capabilities, with a focus on developing regions, including Asia and Latin America. Further, as savings rates increase and the retirement burden shifts from institutions to individuals, I would expect to serve a more diverse clientele. The combina- tion of an expanding footprint and broader client base will require that we invest more significantly to build BlackRock’s global name recognition and to support our brands, including iShares.
Demographics and industry trends suggest that an increasing proportion of our AUM will be managed for retail and high net worth investors in the future. Our retail teams had a particularly strong year, ending 2009 with $388.7 billion of AUM and $27.9 billion of net new business in long-term products. Our cross-border fund family, BlackRock Global Funds, ranked third in net sales last year and third in total AUM at year-end, a testament to the exceptional efforts of our international retail team. Our U.S. retail group has made strong and steady prog- ress gaining product placement on distribution platforms, and has increased our market position from tenth largest to fourth largest long-term fund manager in just three years. Key priorities for these groups continue to be
   
                         BLACKROCK n 8 n BLACKROCK
      diversifying the product range, capitalizing on improved fixed income performance, and distinguishing ourselves as thought leaders and effective collaborators with our distribution partners.
iShares is the industry leader in ETFs globally. Remark- ably, our market share of flows increased last year, even as the industry attracted increased competition. iShares AUM totaled $495.5 billion at year-end, driven by strong markets and $64.6 billion of net inflows. Investor acceptance of the product continued to increase, but we have not seen significant disintermediation of mutual funds. Rather, we have seen both retail and institutional investors using iShares to establish core and tactical market exposures alongside positions in actively managed strategies that offer the potential for higher returns. As the ETF market evolves, we expect liquidity and breadth of product range to be among the most important considerations for investors and their advisors. We will continue to invest to support our industry leadership in ETFs globally.
Institutional investors represented almost three-quarters of our total AUM at year-end 2009. I was incredibly gratified by the vote of confidence from these clients and consultants, who awarded us combined net new business of $126.7 billion in long-term and advisory products. Investors outside the U.S. and Canada accounted for 56% of net inflows, with institutions in EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) contributing the most. Our institutional clientele includes tax-exempt, taxable and official institutions, as well as cash managers, sub-advisory relationships and institutional funds. We were awarded net new assets from all client types other than institu- tional cash managers in 2009. The most significant driver of flows was re-risking, and many investors chose to use index funds and ETFs to gain market exposure quickly pending longer term allocation to active managers or alternative strategies.
BlackRock recently ranked as the largest independent manager of insurance assets in the world. We are proud that these clients have turned to BlackRock for our deep
expertise and comprehensive approach to serving their unique investment and risk management needs. Simi- larly, pension plans choose BlackRock because of our ability to offer investment opportunities across the risk spectrum, as well as tailored solutions, such as liability driven investments and fiduciary outsourcing. We are driven by the work we do with all of our clients. We strive to understand their current and future challenges and to deliver our best thinking to the development and man- agement of innovative investment products and services that will help clients achieve their objectives.
Over the past two years, the world has been through a financial crisis of near-historic proportions. The rapid response of central banks succeeded in preventing a descent into depression, but the liquidity they have poured into the system hasn’t been put to work. The money multiplier, a measure of the degree to which banks are recycling the money supply to foster economic activity rather than building excess reserves, is at its lowest point in 26 years. As a result, the recovery feels flat and substantial headwinds remain. Sovereign risk is on the rise, and the need to cut deficits suggests further contraction. State and local budget issues in the U.S., exacerbated by the new healthcare legislation, pose a similar threat. Termination of quantitative easing programs hangs over the bond markets, especially the moribund securitization markets. Still, investors are sit- ting on a huge reservoir of money to be put to work. As a result, I remain selectively positive on equity markets.
The transformation of the financial services industry is still taking shape. We know already that new regulation will change banking as we know it – balance sheet risk will be reduced through higher capital requirements, lower leverage ratios and/or outright prohibitions on certain activities. Smaller balance sheets mean that banks will have less capital to support market-making activities
and less capital to lend, even to the best credits. These changes will have massive implications for the global capital markets, which will have to assume a greater role in financing future economic expansion. By extension, investors – the providers of capital – will be more important in the future. No firm is better positioned than BlackRock to help clients respond to these changes.
Investor interests need to be explicitly considered as
new paradigms are proposed. Capital markets partici- pants must be able to rely on contractual rights being respected and the rule of law being consistently applied. Increasingly, investors will need to be able to evaluate credit directly, with reduced reliance on ratings agencies. Transparency and the timely transmission of high quality information will be paramount. Secure transaction and
   
                          BLACKROCK n 9 n BLACKROCK
      settlement mechanisms are needed for derivatives, which should be traded or cleared on exchanges and subject to appropriate margin requirements. Systemic risk oversight, regulation of the shadow banking system, and application of counter-cyclical capital and liquidity safeguards would be beneficial. As always, unintended consequences need to be carefully considered. Society’s goal is to hold managements responsible for their actions, not to socialize risk so that no one can be held accountable. The safety and soundness of the financial system will depend on it.
We believe in our business model. We are publicly traded and highly regulated. We have a strong Board, with a majority of independent directors. One hundred percent of our revenues come from client business. We operate as a fiduciary, using our balance sheet only to coinvest alongside our clients, not for proprietary trading.
We structure our compensation programs to achieve appropriate alignment of interest with our clients and shareholders. We invest in our people, from recruiting to retirement, and emphasize the importance of a vibrant culture built on shared values and a common mission. We pursue our mission with unyielding integrity, relent- less drive and unwavering passion. We never forget that we manage money for real people, who are relying on
us to deliver what we promise, and whose trust we must earn every day.
Our strategic priorities are clear: execute our operational and cultural integration, and invest for future growth. Implementation of our operating platform is well under- way, and is on target for completion in 2011. The cultural integration is also well underway, although weaving together a robust culture takes years. Our success depends on a willingness to keep evolving – to borrow the best from both legacy firms and to write a new
script together, to adapt our behaviors, processes and governance model to support our larger, more complex business and to engage, empower and hold accountable our talented professionals. Our strategic initiatives
include supporting efforts to increase market share in our established businesses, while investing in newer businesses that can deliver double-digit growth.
The integration is a means to an end. Our goal is to enhance our ability to serve our clients. We remain clear and consistent about our top priority: achieving alpha in our active products and tight tracking error in our index products. I believe that our ability to deliver on this most important promise to our clients will be greatly enhanced by the sharing of insights and information across regions, disciplines and asset classes that has already begun. Truly, nothing makes me more excited for the future
than seeing the enthusiasm with which colleagues throughout BlackRock are coming together, energized
by the broad and deep intellectual capital of the firm
and by the potential to raise the bar, to help our clients solve problems and to transform our industry.
I would like to thank our Board of Directors for their guidance and support in navigating this most treacherous period. I am pleased to welcome Abdlatif Al-Hamad, John Varley and Bob Diamond as members of our Board, and to welcome Barclays as a shareholder. I would also like to recognize the extraordinary effort of our employees, who have come together quickly to ensure a seamless transition for clients and continuous focus on investment management, risk management and operational excellence. I recognize that change can be hard, but I also know that change can be rewarding and that new opportunities will be found. I thank each of you for your dedication and commitment. Finally, I thank our clients for their continued confidence in BlackRock, for their interest in our expanded capabilities and the new ways we can work together, and for the trust they have placed in us. Earning that trust is what motivates us to do more and try harder every day.
Sincerely,
Laurence D. Fink
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 1 Unless stated otherwise, references to AUM flows are based on pro forma combined results.
2 From initial public offering on October 1, 1999 through December 31, 2009, assuming reinvestment of dividends. 3 Please see Important Notes on page 122.
   