 2007 Letter to Shareholders
Dear Fellow Shareholder,
Ball Corporation’s 2007 results were a record for our company in terms of sales, earnings and free cash flow. We are generally pleased with those results. We also know that we can do better.
To that end, we have taken actions to improve the company’s performance and better position Ball for continued growth. Our corporate strategy is to grow our worldwide beverage can business and aerospace business, to improve the performance of the food and household products packaging business and plastic packaging business and to utilize free cash flow and earnings growth to increase shareholder value.
During the year we repurchased $211 million of our company’s stock and in January 2008 we repurchased an additional $131 million of our stock, reducing the number of shares outstanding to approximately 98 million. Including reinvestment of dividends, Ball’s stock returned 4 percent to shareholders in 2007. That is less than the S&P 500 Index’s total return of 5.5 percent and
we are disappointed in the return, given the strong overall performance of our company and
the opportunities in front of us.
In January 2008 we strengthened our overall management team with the promotion of
John A. Hayes to chief operating officer of the corporation. John has done an outstanding job
of running our European packaging subsidiary during the past three years and brings leadership, integrity, energy, intellect and experience to his new assignment.
The strategic actions we are taking capitalize on the strengths of our global beverage can business and directly address the challenges in our underperforming
  R. David Hoover
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
businesses. We continue to face rising costs, particularly for raw materials and energy, but are taking steps to raise prices, recover those costs and more effectively operate in this environment. In addition, the expansion of sustainability practices in our operations continues as our employees worldwide work to make Ball a more sustainable enterprise and, ultimately, create more value for
our stakeholders.
Strategic Growth In Expanding Markets
Our packaging products businesses accounted for 89 percent
of Ball’s total net sales in 2007, 32 percent of that coming from markets outside the United States. Our largest single product line – aluminum and steel beverage cans – experienced strong growth in Europe. Our sales volume there increased more than 9 percent in 2007, to 14.4 billion cans from 13.2 billion cans in 2006. Our sales volume in China grew as well, to 2.4 billion cans.
To benefit from growth in those and other markets, Ball announced in 2007 and early 2008 plans for new beverage can plants
Ball Corporation 2007 Annual Report 2

  A
growing
markets
When Ball announced in 2007 plans for a new line to produce 24-ounce beverage cans in the company’s Monticello, Ind., plant, it was in response to the continued growth in demand for specialty cans.
Ball makes 18 different beverage can sizes, more
than any other can maker, as well as unique cans featuring embossing, reclosability and widgets for special functionality. More than 15 percent of our worldwide beverage can busi- ness is comprised of specialty cans. Demand for specialty cans continues to increase
as beverage companies look
to unique features to better differentiate their brands.
The proven benefits of beverage cans – safe, reliable, convenient, easily transportable and recyclable – are propelling increased growth in regions such as central and eastern Europe, China, India and South America. We are expanding our metal beverage can operations to meet that demand and capitalize on opportunities.
A new plant in Poland and the 24-ounce line in Indiana, among other investments, are expected to pay immediate dividends. Other projects, such as a new beverage can plant in India,
will likely take longer to fully develop. The combination positions Ball well for continued growth in our largest business.
  b
 cd
A Ball’s Alumi-TekTM bottle, produced at our Monticello, Ind., plant, offers consumers the convenience of reclosability and uses less metal than competing aluminum bottles. Eric Crume, maintainer, examines a bottle after the necking process.
b In 2007 Ball announced plans to build a new plant in one of the largest potential markets in the world – India. The plant will use existing manufacturing equipment and is expected to begin production by mid-2009.
c Ball produced the first steel beverage can with a temperature indicator which signals to consumers that the contents are the ideal temperature to drink. It launched in the United Kingdom in summer 2007.
d This image of downtown Houston was taken by WorldView-1, the world’s only half-meter resolution commercial imaging satellite, built by Ball Aerospace and launched in September 2007. Ball is also building WorldView-2. (Image courtesy of DigitalGlobe®)
3
Ball Corporation 2007 Annual Report

   driving innovation
Innovation doesn’t happen in
a vacuum. Finding out what customers and consumers want drives product develop- ment at Ball. We use a variety of research methods, including online surveys, focus groups, in-home studies, shop-alongs, customer discussions and concept development and testing, to better understand the needs of today’s – and tomorrow’s – market.
From recent studies, we learned more about how an aging population relates to packaging, and how changes in shapes, appearance, reclos- ability and functionality can improve consumer appeal.
Another Ball study explored how consumers value the shape of a package. Findings from that study were used in the develop- ment of Ball’s AergoTM custom shaped aerosol can, which was launched in the aerosol food market in 2007. AergoTM, which can also be used for personal care and household products, offers a premium appearance and comfortable grip that differentiates the product.
Our customers are integral to our innovation approach. In July 2007, Ball hosted its first North American Packaging Solutions Forum. A cross- section of customers attended the multi-day event to see first- hand Ball’s latest innovative solutions to help build brands and differentiate products. The next forum is scheduled for July 2008.
A
bc
  Ball Corporation 2007 Annual Report
4
d
A Ball is the only PET bottle producer in North America to offer PLASMAX, a transparent barrier for oxygen sensitive products such as beer, wine and juices. Amy Jarecki, plant manager of Ball’s Watertown, Wis., plastic packaging facility, removes a bottle from a production line for a quality check. (PLASMAX is a registered trademark of SIG Group.)
b The first can with a Ball Resealable End launched in France in 2008, offering the convenience of resealability as well as the traditional advantages of the can for logistics and easy recycling.
c Our AergoTM shaped aerosol can launched in the aerosol food market in 2007, providing an eye-catching packaging profile for consumers looking for something different.
d The NEXTSat spacecraft, part of the Orbital Express mission, receives final inspection in a Ball Aerospace clean room. The spacecraft participated in 2007 in the first U.S. autonomous satellite servicing demonstration to help determine the feasibility of extending the life of future on-orbit spacecraft by refueling or even upgrading them in space.

 We are generally pleased with our 2007 results. We also know that we can do better. We have taken actions to improve the company’s peprefrofromrmanacneceanadndbebtettetrerpopsoitsitoinonBBalallflofrorcocnotnitniuneudedgrgorwowtht.h.
   Lublin, Poland, will be the site of a new Ball beverage can plant that will begin supplying the growing central and eastern European market in 2009.
in India, Poland and Brazil, and capacity speed-ups
at existing plants in Poland and Germany. Earlier last year, we added an aluminum beverage can line to our Hermsdorf, Germany, plant and began production at our rebuilt Hassloch, Germany, steel beverage can plant, which had been destroyed by fire in April 2006.
India is a new market for us, one in which we have long had an interest. In January 2008, we secured the land for a plant site near Aurangabad in the state of Maharashtra. The plant will be positioned strategically to supply the two-piece beverage can needs for the majority of existing and currently planned beverage can filling lines in India. It will begin operation
with one manufacturing line, using certain existing equipment from other Ball operations, with a capacity of approximately 600 million cans annually. The
first commercial cans are expected to be produced
by mid-2009.
The Polish can market continues to experience significant growth and increased approximately 30 percent in 2007 versus 2006. We announced plans to build a beverage can manufacturing plant in Lublin, which is in eastern Poland near the borders with Belarus and Ukraine. Initially, the plant will have one production line with an annual capacity of approximately 750 million cans per year, and will be built to accommodate additional manufacturing lines in the future.
Currently we sell significantly more cans in the Polish market than we produce locally. Our existing plant in Radomsko serves us well for central and southern Poland, while our Hermsdorf, Germany, plant supplies western Poland. The Lublin plant will provide us with geographic coverage across eastern Poland and in countries farther to the east. The plant is expected to be operational in the first half of 2009.
In Brazil, Ball – through Latapack-Ball Embalagens, Ltda., our 50-50 joint venture can company there – will build a new, one-line metal beverage container plant in southeastern Brazil. Its initial capacity will be 900 million cans per year, which can be expanded to
2 billion cans per year as demand grows. Cash flows from the joint venture will be used to finance the plant and production is expected to begin in mid-2009.
The multi-year project begun in 2005 to consolidate our beverage can end-making capabilities as part of our conversion to a new, more metal-efficient design is drawing to a close. By 2009, Ball will make beverage can ends in three U.S. locations instead of five, on more efficient and faster production lines operated by approximately
  John A. Hayes was elected chief operating officer of Ball Corporation
in January 2008.
5 Ball Corporation 2007 Annual Report

Ball Corporation 2007 Annual Report 6
  Net Sales by Segment
37%
26%
Metal beverage packaging, Americas
Metal beverage packaging, Europe/Asia Metal food & household packaging, Americas Aerospace & technologies
Plastic packaging, Americas
    10%
11%
 16%
     300 fewer people. Surplus equipment may be employed elsewhere in our global beverage can business as we capitalize on growth opportunities.
Restructuring And Rationalizing Food And Household Products Packaging, Plastic Packaging Businesses For Improved Results
We need to improve the performance of our metal food and household products packaging and our plastic packaging businesses. While we made progress in 2007 on optimizing the manufacturing footprint of those businesses to drive improved performance, we continue to review other value-creating measures.
Ball is the leading manufacturer of steel aerosol cans
in North America, and the third largest producer of steel
food cans. Although we have realized synergies from
combining the aerosol can business we acquired in 2006 with our existing two- and three-piece metal food container business, results from our aerosol operations have been negatively
affected by overcapacity in that industry and its pricing impacts as well as inefficiencies in those acquired facilities.
In October 2007, we announced plans to close aerosol container manufacturing plants in Commerce, Calif., and Tallapoosa, Ga., and to exit the custom and decorative tinplate can business in our Baltimore facility as part of a restructuring. The two aerosol plant closures will result in
a net reduction in manufacturing capacity of 10 production lines, including the relocation of
two high-speed aerosol lines into existing metal food container facilities in Oakdale, Calif., and Chestnut Hill, Tenn.
Closing these aerosol facilities removes significant capacity from the industry and, coupled with other changes within our manufacturing operations, will allow us to supply our customers from
a consolidated asset base. When completed in 2009, the actions are expected to yield annualized pretax cost savings in excess of $15 million and will improve the division’s plant utilization rate
to more than 85 percent from about 70 percent.
We continue to review metal food and household products packaging facilities as we restructure the division for improved performance. Our primary focus in 2008 is to increase the selling
prices of our products, reduce costs and improve our profit margins, while successfully integrating production from the plants that are closing into other Ball plants with minimal disruption. This business offers potential for significant future earnings growth and we are focused on achieving that potential.
Our plastic packaging division manufactures a variety of products made of polyethylene terephthalate (PET) and polypropylene (PP) resin. Our PET products have traditionally been bottles for beverages, including water, carbonated soft drinks and juices, while our PP containers package foods and some beverages filled at higher temperatures.
Improvements in both plastic bottles and filling technology recently caused a shift for some foods such as condiments from PP to PET bottles. We are able to accommodate these changes since we make both types of bottles. Improved pricing and our continued focus on reducing costs and growing our specialty PET and PP container business will be key to improving the performance
of this division.

  A
sustainable
evolution
While “sustainability” is rela- tively new as a business term, Ball has engaged in environ- mental, social and economic sustainability practices for many years.
Our lightweighting program has reduced the amount of metal in our beverage cans more than 40 percent since 1969. We worked with our packaging suppliers to develop water-based coatings and compounds to replace solvent- based materials in our manu- facturing processes, resulting in a significant reduction in volatile organic compounds. And our aerospace and packaging businesses use
a system that prevents the purchase of materials flagged for environmental or health and safety criteria.
Ball established a company- wide task force in 2007 to identify important sustainability issues. In mid-2008, Ball will publish its first sustainability report, which will be a
catalyst for improvement and further engagement with our stakeholders.
Our core purpose requires that we ask how we can make it better, be better and do better, for our own good and the good of those who have a stake in our success. Formalizing our sus- tainability efforts complements our core purpose and offers new opportunities to achieve it.
  c
 bd
A Ball strongly supports organizations such as recan and the recal foundation in Serbia, Poland (shown here) and China, which conduct activities for consumers to learn more about the benefits of recycling.
b Ball is replacing older high-intensity discharge lighting systems in our North American packaging plants with high-intensity fluorescent lighting systems, which are about 50 percent more energy efficient.
c Installing more efficient manifolds like this one optimizes compressed air use in our manufacturing operations, reducing energy needs in some processes by 40 percent.
d NASA Goddard Space Flight Center awarded Ball Aerospace in 2007 a contract to build the Operational Land Imager for the eighth Landsat Data Continuity Mission. The Landsat Program provides multispectral imagery for applications such as agricultural monitoring, natural resource management and land-use planning.
7
Ball Corporation 2007 Annual Report

Ball Corporation 2007 Annual Report 8
 Ball Aerospace Marks A Record Year
Ball Aerospace & Technologies Corp., had its best year ever, reporting sales of $788 million and earnings of $64.6 million in 2007.
Ball Aerospace began the year by being selected
in January by DigitalGlobe®, provider of the world’s highest resolution commercial satellite imagery and geospatial information products, to build WorldView-2, its third satellite in a constellation of spacecraft that offer the highest-resolution commercial imagery
of Earth.
We finished 2007 with the exciting news that the flyby spacecraft built for the successful Deep Impact mission in 2005 has been funded by NASA to embark on a new mission to encounter comet Hartley 2 on October 11, 2010.
In between, Ball Aerospace built a contract backlog of $774 million and continued to pursue three strategic growth areas – intelligence, surveillance
and reconnaissance; weather and environment; and space superiority. Our track record of growing organically by focusing on existing core competencies positions us well for continued success.
 In 2008, the Hubble Space Telescope will receive two Ball Aerospace-built upgrades, the Cosmic Origins Spectrograph and the Wide Field Camera 3. They will help extend the operating life of the telescope until at least 2013, and greatly enhance its scientific capability. (Image courtesy
of NASA)
Expanding Sustainability Practices In Our Operations Worldwide
Sustainability practices are not new to Ball Corporation. For decades our company’s economic success has depended significantly on our ability to reduce, reuse and recycle through innovations in our processes and our products. Ball launched a formal sustainability initiative in 2007 with the creation of a companywide task force. We developed new processes to gather sustainability data and identified the company’s key opportunities in this arena. In mid-2008, we will include our findings in our first sustainability report.
Sustainability is a critical business issue. There is no question that it will be a differentiator for us as a company with customers and other important stakeholders, just as our culture, our technology and our expertise are differentiators.
Our focus is to find the overlap between our business interests and the interests of the environment and society. We plan to measure our progress in terms of the triple bottom line – environmental, social and economic impact and performance. As we expand our sustainability efforts, we are confident that we are on the right path for our business, our employees and our shareholders.
Pursuing Opportunities In 2008
Ball Corporation reported strong results in 2007, in a year when approximately 75 percent of our company performed well. We plan to strategically grow our worldwide beverage can business in 2008 through building new facilities or expanding existing facilities in growing markets, and to maintain our emphasis on our company’s specialty can business. As our customers look for ways to further differentiate their products, we will continue to offer innovative solutions – specialty sizes and features that add value – across multiple packaging substrates.
The further restructuring and integration of our metal food and household products packaging and plastic packaging businesses better position them for improved performance. We are also expanding throughout the company the implementation of an initiative that we began in our metal food container facilities to reduce costs and operate more efficiently. We believe those actions will lead to significant benefits.

  TThhereereisisnnooququesetsitoinonththatatsusustsatianinabaibliltiytywwililllbebeaa differentiator for us as a company, just as our culture,
our technology and our expertise are differentiators.
  Comparison of Year-End Value of $100 Invested December 31, 1997
  BLL
  S&P 500
  Dow Containers
         $550 $500 $450 $400 $350 $300 $250 $200 $150 $100 $50
97 98 99 00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07
Ball Aerospace is leveraging
its core competencies to continue
to expand our business. We are
excited to be part of contracts
such as WorldView-2 and the
Advanced Airborne Telemetry
System for the U.S. Navy, as
well as other new and existing
Department of Defense and
science programs. The timing
of these and other programs as
they either ramp up or approach
delivery has a significant effect
on Ball Aerospace’s results, and
98 99
00 01
02 03 04
05
06
07
At Fiscal Year-End 97
I am excited about the opportunities in front of us and the management team we have in place
to capitalize on those opportunities. We intend to execute on our strategy to grow our worldwide beverage can business and our aerospace business, to improve our food and household products packaging and plastic packaging businesses and to use our cash flow and earnings growth to increase shareholder value through share repurchases, strategic investment in our businesses and dividends.
While 2008 will not be without its challenges, we have faced challenges many times during our 128-year history. Each time our employees – the heart of our company and the single biggest reason for our longevity – have risen to meet them. I fully expect it will happen again and that Ball Corporation will continue to create and return value to our shareholders.
R. David Hoover
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Ball. Corp. 100.00
S&P 500 100.00 128.58 155.64 141.46 124.65 97.10 124.96 138.55
Dow Containers 100.00 89.69 85.66 55.62 69.88 75.18 89.52 107.11 106.43 119.30 127.33
while 2008 may not be another record year, it should continue to build on our success.
Howard M. Dean, who has been a member of Ball Corporation’s board of directors since 1984, will retire from our board in 2008. Howard’s many contributions to Ball over the years are greatly appreciated. In January, the board of directors elected Robert W. Alspaugh, former chief executive officer of KPMG International, to the board. Bob has worked with a diverse array of clients across many industries, including manufacturing, and his global expertise will benefit Ball as we continue to expand our business in new and developing markets.
131.36 114.67
136.67 212.27
309.87 363.93 542.53
494.88 145.36
548.64 168.32
570.87 177.57
 $600
9 Ball Corporation 2007 Annual Report
