  MESSAGE TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Ball Corporation is a market-driven company. $55 million to remove higher cost, less efficient
Providing packaging products to the beverage and food markets is 90 percent of our business. It is imperative for our success that we understand and serve those markets as no other supplier, and that customers in those markets see us as first in quality and service when it comes to metal and plastic packages for the products that will bear their brand names.
Our aerospace and technologies business, which is 10 percent of our company, also is market focused, providing
unique solutions to the
rapidly growing advanced imaging, communica- tions and information analysis markets.
In both our packaging and our aerospace and technologies businesses, we are there to meet
the current needs of the
markets and to work
with our customers to
have products that meet
their changing needs.
This is how we create
value for our shareholders,
provide challenging careers for our employees, offer business for our suppliers and add to the vitality of our communities.
Our understanding of the critical success factors for Ball is evident in our results for 2000, a year that was challenging, but one where our total return to share- holders of 19.2 percent compared favorably to major market indices.
We continued our aggressive program to improve efficiencies within our packaging manufacturing operations. We took a largely non-cash charge of
manufacturing capacity. This was in addition to actions taken the prior year, as we integrated the large metal beverage container business we acquired in 1998.
Our results in 2000 were $2.14 per diluted share, including the charge and the effects of the favorable resolution of a matter regarding our employee stock ownership plan. Before these items, earnings were $3.70 per diluted share compared to $3.15 in 1999, up 17.5 percent. We reduced our debt by $59 mil-
  R. David Hoover
George A. Sissel
Chairman of the Board
lion, compared to year end 1999, contributing to a $12 million reduction of interest expense. We also reacquired 1.8 million shares of our common stock, net of shares issued, at an average price per share of $34.45.
We accomplished the above results when our sales were comparable at $3.7 billion in both 1999 and 2000, despite facility closures, lower selling prices and lower volumes in cer- tain products in 2000.
President and
Chief Executive Officer
The actions taken during the year have positioned us even more favorably for future growth and success. We have demonstrated further our ability to consolidate businesses and to form key strategic alliances. We have built upon our record for operat- ing excellence, a record that is a credit to our skilled and dedicated employees.
In packaging, we continue to see opportunities
for growth through acquisition and strategic alliances. We seek out and evaluate such opportunities constantly and will pursue those that add value for
1

  MESSAGE TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
We have a total commitment to being close to our customers and understanding their current needs and future direction. It starts with our senior management
and extends throughout our organization.
the Ball shareholder and are consistent with our mission to serve our chosen markets. We will not lose our focus.
Our subsidiary, Ball Aerospace and Technologies Corp., is an excellent business inside of what is largely a packaging company. We recognize that and continue to assess ways that this business, and for that matter all of our businesses, can create maximum value for our shareholders. We are pleased the profitability and backlog of Ball Aerospace have
been growing. Options for improving any business are always better when it is performing well.
A TRIBUTE TO ED BALL
We lost one of Ball Corporation’s greatest human treasures in 2000 with the death of Edmund F. Ball, chairman of the executive committee emeritus and retired chairman, president and chief executive officer. Ed was a person of great integrity, incredible warmth,
of our revenues is a tribute to his extraordinary foresight. Ed touched our lives in such a positive way, and he
will be missed.
CHANGE IN LEADERSHIP
At the January 2001 Board of Directors meeting, R. David Hoover was elected president and chief executive officer of Ball Corporation, succeeding George A. Sissel as chief executive officer. Mr. Sissel continues to serve the corporation as chairman of the board.
A BRIGHT FUTURE
We are excited about the future of Ball Corporation, honored by the trust our customers place in us, enthused about the opportunities before us, inspired by the ability and dedication of our employees and appreciative of the confidence of those who invest in Ball.
R. David Hoover
President and Chief Executive Officer
George A. Sissel
Chairman of the Board
    Edmund F. Ball
1905 – 2000
sharp wit and gentle charm. The son of one of the founders of our company, Ed was 95 years old, and was vigorous and bright throughout all of his years.
He was instrumental in our
entry into both the beverage
can business and the aerospace business. The fact that they today account for more than 70 percent
2
