 2 0 11 |
Dear Fellow Shareholder, Ball Corporation’s 2011 results were among the best in our company’s 132-year history, built on the unique strengths of our people, products and operations around the world. Ball generated net earnings attributable to the company of $444 million as we continued
to leverage our expertise and capabilities to generate significant free cash flow, which we used to return value to our shareholders and execute numerous actions to position Ball for growth in 2012 and beyond. We also introduced in 2011 our Drive for 10 vision, a strategy for long-term success which builds on Ball’s rich history and strong foundation and emphasizes five strategic levers that will help us achieve continued growth over the next decade.
Letter to Shareholders
 Despite wider economic uncertainty in much
of the world in 2011, Ball’s comparable diluted earnings per share grew nearly 16 percent and our
stock price closed the year at $35.71, generating
a total return to investors of nearly 6 percent.
Also during the year, our company completed a two-for-one split of the company’s common stock, increased the quarterly cash dividend by 40 percent to 7 cents on a post-split basis and repurchased a net $474 million of Ball stock. In all, Ball returned more than $500 million in value to shareholders
in 2011 in the form of share repurchases and dividends ($46 million).
In January 2012, we announced a further increase of nearly 43 percent in Ball’s dividend, to 10 cents per share, effective in March, and
a new stock repurchase authorization to buy up to 30 million shares of the company’s common stock. These actions reflect our expectations of continued strong free cash flow generation and earnings performance.
We are pleased that the company created significant value for our shareholders in 2011
in a challenging and volatile environment. As importantly, our focus for much of the year was on devising and implementing a strategy for continued, long-term value creation. At its highest level, Drive for 10 is a mindset around perfection,
“Our focus for much of the year was on devising and implementing a strategy for continued, long-term value creation.”
John A. Hayes
President and Chief Executive Officer
  Ball Corporation | 2011 Annual Report 1

    2011| Letter to Shareholders
with a greater sense of urgency around our future success. It is grounded in our past and in the values and practices that have helped Ball thrive since our company’s founding. While elements of it are not new to Ball Corporation – indeed, many are strengths for us – Drive for 10 requires a more proactive, “One Ball” global approach to sustained growth for our company so that we can continue to create value for our stakeholders – our shareholders, our customers, our employees, our suppliers and our communities.
Building on a Strong Foundation
In order to anticipate the future, it is important to understand and respect the past. Ball’s past reaches back more than a century, to
our founding by five brothers in 1880. We know who we are at Ball, and we are proud of our rich history and of our heritage of delivering value to all our stakeholders through uncom- promising integrity, being close to our customers, behaving like owners, focusing
on attention to detail and being innovative. As a company and as individual Ball
employees, we are customer driven. The products we make and the markets where we invest are aligned directly with what we can do for our customers. We strive to be viewed as
a strategic partner at each of our customers.
Attention to detail and being innovative are also important to who we are. Finding ways
to save fractions of pennies in businesses that produce tens of billions of recyclable metal packages is imperative, and attention
to detail is a necessity when it comes to identifying new ways to capture those pennies.
Our manufacturing facilities across
We know where we are going.
We want to be the best at everything we do, and will continually strive for perfection at Ball as we pursue our strategy of:
Maximizing value in our existing businesses
The foundation of Ball’s Drive for 10 vision is maximizing value in our existing businesses. These businesses are the bedrock that enables the company’s growth into new markets and geographies. Key actions taken during 2011 include:
• The successful relocation and start up of metal food can production equipment to Ball’s Oakdale, Calif., plant from the company’s former facility in Richmond, British Columbia.
• The relocation of a beverage can line from a planned facility in Poland to Ball’s existing plant in Belgrade, Serbia.
• The completion of a 28,000-square-foot expansion of Ball’s Aerospace Manufacturing Center in Westminster, Colo., and the kick off of a 70,000-square-foot expansion of the company’s John W. Fisher Manufacturing and Environmental Test Facilities in Boulder, Colo. The AMC expansion created increased manufacturing space and is expected to improve productivity by 20 percent. The Boulder project will enable Ball to bid and execute upon larger, satellite-based programs.
• The start up of metal beverage can lines in our Ft. Worth, Texas, and Whitby, Ontario, plants in North America to meet customer demand, and the closure of a 12-ounce beverage can plant in Torrance, Calif.
• The realization of Ball’s greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions reduction goal of 16 percent as part of the
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s Climate Leaders program. Ball exceeded its goal, reducing its global GHG emissions by 18 percent compared to a 2002 baseline and is continuing actions to further reduce emissions.
   L
 DURING THE PAST 10 YEARS
BALL STOCK PROVIDED SHAREHOLDERS WITH A TOTAL RETURN OF:
341%
NET AMOUNT OF
our corporation
COMPANY STOCK have long operated
REPURCHASED BY BAL
within our culture
  improving efficien- 2 Ball Corporation | 2011 Annual Report
whether it is
Ball opened a new production line in its metal beverage can plant in Serbia in 2011, doubling production to meet export demand.
IN 2011:
of continuous improvement, and
BLL
$
474 M
 
    Rich and detailed graphics help our customers build distinctive brands that stand out on retail shelves.
Our engineers continually improve Ball’s can production lines to make what is already a very efficient package even more efficient.
The beryllium primary mirror segments on the James Webb Space Telescope undergo cryogenic acceptance testing
at the Marshall Space Flight Center X-ray & Cryogenic Facility in Huntsville, Ala.
cies, achieving sustainability goals to reduce the impact on the environment or our economic value added-based philosophy to investment and to our incentives, attention to detail is a key compo- nent in how we generate value for our shareholders and how we internally, as well as externally, measure success. Within our aerospace business, attention to detail is critical for programs that depend on our technology hundreds or thousands of miles away from Earth. Sometimes there is only one chance to get it right,
and in our aerospace business, we do.
We also bring innovation to the table. Innovation in our aerospace
business is a given – and our creative, talented people find solutions to unique, difficult challenges that add to our knowledge of our planet and of planets orbiting distant stars. In our packaging businesses, innovation adds value to our products and builds brand identity. We
 provide more than 20 sizes of beverage cans to our customers as well as features such as reclosable ends, rich and detailed can graphics and special inks that change color when a beverage is at its optimum temperature to enjoy.
Finally, behaving like an owner is a mantra at Ball. More than 11 percent of our company is owned by our directors and employees. But behaving like an owner goes beyond buying Ball stock. At Ball, we make decisions as if we are using our own money, because in most cases we are – compensation programs tied to creating economic value added ensure a clear link between company performance and pay. This creates a culture of ownership where decisions Ball employees make every day are based on the overall good of the company, and reduce waste and inefficiency.
We understand what has brought us to where we are today. We believe our heritage is a competitive advantage for us, and offers a strong foundation for future success. And we have a clear strategy that provides a road map to get us there.
Our Drive for 10 Vision
Drive for 10 emphasizes five strategic levers that are key to growing our businesses and achieving long-term success. Those levers are:
• Maximizing value in our existing businesses,
• Expanding into new products and capabilities,
• Aligning ourselves with the right customers and markets,
• Broadening our geographic reach, and
• Leveraging our know-how and technological expertise to provide a competitive advantage.
Ball Corporation | 2011 Annual Report 3

  2011| Letter to Shareholders
Maximizing value in our existing businesses
centers on aligning our supply with demand, manufacturing efficiencies, customer mix and the positioning of our products. Our existing packaging and aerospace businesses provide a rock-solid foundation from which to build and grow Ball.
We are also largely a fixed-cost business, and the key to running a fixed-cost business
is increasing efficiencies while minimizing the cost base. In our packaging business, we have taken an industry leadership position in this area and intend to continue to do so. In some cases that means redeploying existing assets to another Ball facility, as we did in 2011 in Serbia when we relocated a beverage can manufacturing line originally intended for a planned plant in Poland to our Belgrade facility. This allowed us to reduce freight costs and accommodate growth. In the United States, we closed a metal beverage can plant in Torrance, Calif., and moved that equipment into other Ball plants to better match regional supply with demand. Our aerospace business has a unique capability to develop and build satellites for government agencies on fixed-price contract- ing terms, important in a budget-constrained government contracting environment. This resulted in several new contracts for Ball in 2011, including the Joint Polar Satellite System (JPSS-1), the nation’s next operational weather forecasting satellite.
Sustainability is also a key part of maximiz- ing value in our existing businesses. Ball’s triple bottom line approach – balancing the economic, environmental and social impacts of our products and operations in our decision- making process – creates long-term value for all of our stakeholders. Our priorities related to the environment and our facilities are to continue to increase the sustainability of our products, to reduce waste and the use of energy and water in our operations and to ensure the safety and development of our employees,
all while maximizing our returns. Metal packaging is the most recycled packaging in the world, and we have a good story to tell.
Ball’s expanded Graphics Center of Excellence combines the company’s extensive metal packaging experience, brand-building creativity and state-of-the-art technology to deliver inclusive one-stop design-to-printed-can service to North American packaging customers.
Expanding into new products and capabilities
Ball’s expansion into new products and capabilities will help drive continued, long-term growth. Key actions taken during 2011 include:
• Ball’s acquisition of Aerocan S.A.S, a leading supplier of extruded aluminum aerosol cans and bottles in Europe. Ball now manufactures extruded aluminum aerosol cans and bottles, and aluminum slugs used to make them, for customers in the personal care, pharmaceutical, beverage and food industries.
• Ball’s introduction of an 8-oz. “trim” can ideal for juices and other beverages for portion-conscious consumers, which meets recommended USDA guidelines that specify eight ounces as the maximum serving size for beverages sold in schools.
• Expansion of the company’s Graphics Center of Excellence in Westminster, Colo. Ball’s GCOE delivers high-quality can graphics, customer convenience and among the fastest pilot turnaround times in the industry to Ball’s beverage packaging customers in North America.
• The introduction in the United Kingdom of Ball’s “Handy Can,” a shorter and more compact new 25cl can perfect for multipacks and consumers on the go.
• Becoming the first beverage can supplier to manufacture a 568mL can – about 19.2 ounces – in North America. The 568mL can, often called a royal
or imperial pint in the United Kingdom, offers Ball’s North American customers a unique size to differentiate their brands and appeal to consumers.
• The start up of Ball’s second Alumi-Tek® bottle production line, in Golden, Colo., to meet customer demand for the popular aluminum bottle.
    4 Ball Corporation | 2011 Annual Report
 
       Aligning ourselves with
the right customers and markets
By aligning ourselves with the right customers and
markets, Ball will continue to grow as our businesses
During 2011, Ball
 providethebestvalue,qualityandservicestocustomers PACKAGED
and understand their needs and direction. Key actions taken during 2011 include:
ANS:
• Continued growth with craft beer brewers as they transition into Ball’s lightweight and infinitely recyclable cans. This industry trend grew more than 150 percent
in 2011 as more craft brewers sought the economic and sustainability advantages of cans. Nine out of the top
10 craft beer breweries by volume have added cans into their packaging mix to drive new, incremental sales of their brand.
• The extension or successful renegotiation of agree- ments with key customers in growing product segments and geographic regions in the United States, Europe, South America and Asia. In December, Ball Corporation signed a 10-year contract extension with MillerCoors LLC for the Rocky Mountain Metal Container joint venture
and extended its commercial supply agreement with MillerCoors LLC as its sole supplier of cans.
• The successful launch of NASA’s NPP satellite, the agency’s first Earth-observing satellite to measure both global climate and key weather data to provide long-term climate projections and improve short-term weather forecasts. Ball Aerospace built the BCP 2000 satellite bus and one of the five sensors aboard NPP, the Ozone Mapping and Profiler Suite.
NASA’s NPP satellite, which includes critical Ball-built technology, measure’s both global climate and key weather data to provide long-term climate projections and improve forecasts.
continue to pursue
profitable expan-
NUMBER OF CRAFT took a number of
 BEERS CURRENTLY
IN BALL C+
322
important steps to
broaden our geo-
graphic reach. We
sion to meet our
customers’ needs
in growth regions such as South America and Asia. Each of these regions of the world provide opportunities for us, and the projects we announced in 2011 – including new joint venture beverage can plants in northeastern Brazil and in Vietnam, and a new, modern beverage can plant in Qingdao, China – we believe will create value for our customers and shareholders. As we look forward, both near and long term, we see additional opportunities for us to leverage our customer relationships and technological skills to capture growth in those and other emerging markets.
Aligning ourselves with the right customers and markets is at the core of what we do.
Our customer base includes companies behind the most well-known beverage, food and household products brands in the world and agencies that provide needed defense and civil space solutions, involving start-up craft and other regional beer brewers and remote sensing companies that are using industry- leading technology to provide useful new services to businesses and consumers.
Today, Ball’s top 10 customers make up more than 50 percent of our global sales, and we will continue to pursue profitable growth with our customers in markets around the world. We strive to get close to our customers and make sure we are providing the best value, the highest quality and the best service. Our relationship with DigitalGlobe®, a company Ball helped found in the 1990s that today is behind the most technologically advanced remote sensing satellites orbiting our planet – satellites built by Ball – has been a great success for both companies.
SINCE 2002, BALL HAS REDUCED GLOBAL GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS BY:
18%
  Ball Corporation | 2011 Annual Report 5
  
                              2011| Letter to Shareholders
 DURING THE PAST 10 YEARS
BALL STOCK PROVIDED SHAREHOLDERS WITH A TOTAL RETURN OF:
% 341
NET AMOUNT COMPANY ST REPURCHASE IN 2011:
$ 474
Over the past
 NUMBER OF CRAFT BEERS CURRENTLY PACKAGED
IN BALL CANS:
322+
SINCE2002,BALLHAS OF
OCK
D BY BALL
BLL
several years, we
REDUCED GLOBAL
have also executed
GREENHOUSE GAS
a concerted effort
EMISSIONS BY:
to rebalance our customer portfolio
18 M
    understanding their needs, we believe that we are going to have
great opportunities with all of these customers as we help grow their businesses as well as ours in addition to continuing to expand our customer base.
Expanding into new products and capabili- ties is a necessity if we are going to achieve our Drive for 10 vision. As we expand, Ball aligns with customer needs on both a regional and global basis. We know how to make both models work, and recognize the importance of achieving enough scale to succeed, the critical role of manufacturing expertise and experi- ence and the need to understand the entire supply chain for our products.
One example is the European extruded aluminum container business we acquired in early 2011, which complements a U.S. business acquired in 2010. We can now balance the scale and diversity of our extruded aluminum packaging customer mix, while continuing to grow with customers around the world where we see opportunities in regions where we currently don’t do business.
Through product innovation, we can help our customers create a higher tier pricing strategy to differentiate premium from every- day brands. Whether it is personal care, beer, carbonated soft drinks or any of the many products that use Ball containers, we are able to provide our customers with packaging that can improve their price points, drive volumes and create new markets and, in return, help us grow with them. In a dynamic aerospace and defense market, we continue to leverage our unique capabilities into critical national infrastructure programs such as the United States’ next weather satellite, the Joint Polar
Groundbreaking ceremonies were held in March for Ball’s new plant in Qingdao, China. The plant is scheduled to start production by the end of the first quarter of 2012.
Broadening our geographic reach
Ball pursues growth opportunities in developing and emerging markets where the company can support customer expansion and create value for shareholders. Key actions taken during 2011 include:
• Acquiring Ball’s partners’ 60 percent interests
in a former joint venture metal beverage can plant
in Qingdao, China, and beginning construction of a new, expanded plant in Qingdao to meet customer demand. The new plant is scheduled to start up by the end of
the first quarter of 2012.
• The construction of a new joint venture beverage can plant in Vietnam. The plant is scheduled to begin production by the end of the first quarter of 2012.
• The construction of a new joint venture beverage can plant in Alagoinhas, in fast-growing northeastern Brazil. The plant is scheduled to start up by the end of the first quarter of 2012.
• The start up of two production lines in our Velim, Czech Republic, extruded aluminum aerosol packaging plant. Velim was one of four plants that expanded Ball’s European business through the acquisition of Aerocan S.A.S.
6 Ball Corporation | 2011 Annual Report
in our packaging
businesses. By
%
   
                                 Leveraging our know-how and technological expertise to provide a competitive advantage
NUMBER OF CRAFT SINCE 2002, BALL HAS
Ball takes a longer-term view of technology opportunities
Satellite System,
  BEERS CURRENTLY REDUCED GLOBAL
and challenges, applying the company’s extensive technical aircraft, the F-35
PACKAGED GREENHOUSE GAS
expertise to create a competitive advantage. Key actions
BALL STOCK PROVIDED SHAREHOLDERS WITH A
IN BALL C+
ANS: EMISSIONS BY:
Joint Strike Fighter.
taken during 2011 include:
• Successfully completing the critical design review ing technology and
for DigitalGlobe’s
®
next generation remote-sensing
satellite, WorldView-3. Ball is providing the BCP 5000 for WorldView-3, scheduled for launch in 2014. The BCP 5000’s power, stability, agility, and data storage and transmission capability, together meet the requirements to deliver comprehensive Earth remote-sensing information.
• Leveraging Ball’s aluminum bottle technology platform to explore and develop opportunities for the popular package in markets around the globe. Ball is the world’s largest producer of commercial aluminum beverage bottles.
• NASA’s selection of Ball as one of four companies that will study the storage and transfer of cryogenic propellants in space, important for the agency’s future deep space human exploration missions.
• Receiving two “Best of Category” awards in the International Metal Decorator’s Association’s annual “Excellence in Quality” competition. The competition recognizes companies that provide dynamic and high-quality decorated pieces for metal packaging.
a competitive
advantage and
differentiates Ball. Technology has long
been one of the foundational elements of Ball Corporation’s business success. We have been in more than 45 businesses during our long history, all of which have been tied to evolutions and sometimes revolutions
in technology.
Our focus is on a longer-term perspective
of future technology opportunities, threats and challenges. We must be able to look around corners and see what is ahead to provide
Ball with a competitive advantage over time. Sustainability offers near-term technology possibilities around decreasing energy and water use, reducing risk where the supply of resources is inconsistent or constrained, and increasing recycled content in our products. Over the longer term, leveraging technology could include completely new manufacturing equipment or the introduction of breakthroughs in other industries into our processes.
All of these things – maximizing value
in our existing businesses, broadening our geographic reach, aligning with the right customers and markets, expanding into new products, and leveraging our technology – are a part of our Drive for 10 vision for success over the next 10 years.
We Are Optimistic About the Future
In a volatile world, our products typically perform well in emerging and mature markets. In addition to delivering products safely and reliably to consumers in even remote settings, metal packaging offers the best value, quality and sustainability advan- tages to our customers and to consumers. Our aerospace technologies and services
Ball is exploring technology opportunities around the world for the company’s growing aluminum bottle platform.
Finally, leverag- %%
know-how provides 322 18 341
DURING THE PAST 10 YEARS
TOTAL RETURN OF:
and next fighter
NET AMOUNT OF COMPANY STOCK REPURCHASED BY BALL IN 2011:
$
474 M
Ball Corporation | 2011 Annual Report 7
BLL
   
 2011| Letter to Shareholders
    experience greater demand in part because of geopolitical uncer- tainty. As a result, Ball is well-positioned for continued growth even in today’s economic environment.
Financially, Ball is as strong as it has ever been in terms of our company’s balance sheet, limited debt maturities and very competi- tive and flexible capital structure. Ball’s businesses generate significant free cash flow, which – consistent with our strong belief in behaving like owners – we allocate in a disciplined manner, using economic value added principles, to buy back our stock, maximize existing operations and grow through acquisitions and investments in our businesses to return value to our shareholders. Over the past decade we have generated nearly $4 billion of free cash flow, including $505 million in 2011 even after investing approximately $250 million in internal growth opportunities in our businesses.
Our Drive for 10 vision focuses on continuing Ball’s strong performance over the next decade, and the momentum we built in 2011 provides us with a strong start toward that goal. We expect investments made in growth projects in 2011 to benefit 2012 results as those projects come online, and our Drive for 10 actions will play a key role in helping Ball achieve our goal of 10 to 15 percent earnings per share growth in 2012 and beyond while increasing the EVA® dollars we generate.
Our people are truly the heart of Ball Corporation, and are the reason for our success. Ball’s 14,500 dedicated employees throughout the world know who we are, where we are going and what is important. Together, we are focused on a shared Drive for 10 vision to continue Ball’s success well into the future.
Best regards,
John A. Hayes
President and Chief Executive Officer
 Beverage cans are portable, lightweight and can go where consumers want
to go. Cans are also 100 percent infinitely recyclable.
A new technology – augmented reality – combines recyclable metal packaging with virtual product presentation to further enhance the can’s 360-degree billboard to build brands.
Metal packaging enjoys the highest recycling rates of any packaging in the world.
  8 Ball Corporation | 2011 Annual Report
