2012 Letter to Shareholders
Dear Fellow Shareholder, Ball Corporation’s strong 2012 results included net sales of $8.7 billion, comparable net earnings attributable to the company of $483 million
and free cash flow of $548 million, all of which were all-time highs in our company’s 132-year history. Ball’s comparable full year earnings per share increased by
12 percent compared to 2011, while generating increased EVA® (economic value added) dollars and creating
value for our shareholders. During a year of persistent economic uncertainty and slowing growth in many parts of the world, Ball’s stock generated a total return for our shareholders of 26.5 percent.
Our success in 2012 was driven by our nearly 15,000 employees across our company, and our focused execution of Ball’s Drive for 10 vision for continued, long-term
value creation.
The strategies which guide this vision include:
• Maximizing value in our existing businesses,
• Expanding into new products and capabilities,
• Aligning ourselves with the right customers and markets, • Broadening our geographic reach, and
• Leveraging our know-how and technological expertise
to provide a competitive advantage.
The actions we took in 2012 position Ball well for contin- ued success in 2013. We see opportunities for disciplined growth in selected markets and products, and our strong balance sheet provides a rock-solid foundation to support all of our activities.
Transitioning to Global Packaging Businesses, Leadership Changes
With the retirement at the end of 2012 of Raymond J. Seabrook as executive vice president and chief operating officer, global packaging operations, we structured our packaging business into two global organizations, and named two Ball veterans to lead them to ensure a smooth transition. Our company is stronger today due in no small part to Ray’s leadership and contributions. All of us at
John A. Hayes
President and Chief Executive Officer
2007, became senior vice president of Ball Corporation and chief operating officer, global metal food and house- hold products packaging. Gerrit and Mike are both experienced company executives who have already been successful in leadership positions within Ball. They stepped into their global roles quickly and are driving our efforts to create value for our shareholders and pursue our
Drive for 10 vision.
In addition, Colin Gillis was named
president of our European beverage
can business. Colin led Ball’s beverage packaging business in South America and, prior to that, in Asia, to significant growth as president of those businesses. Tony Barnett succeeded Colin in Brazil. Tony most recently spearheaded our beverage can business development efforts in Europe, Africa and the Middle East, including the company’s successful entry into the Serbian market.
In our aerospace business, we announced in February 2013 the retirement of David L. Taylor, who led Ball Aero- space since 2002. Like Ray, Dave’s contributions to Ball
Ball Corporation 2012 Annual Report 1
  Ball share a deep respect for Ray’s abilities and his dedication to Ball Corporation, and we thank Ray for his many years of service and wish him the best in retirement.
Gerrit Heske, president of our European beverage can business since 2009, became senior vice president of Ball Corporation and chief operating officer, global metal beverage packaging. Mike Feldser, who led Ball’s food and household products packaging business since
Senior vice president of Ball Corporation; chief operating officer, global metal food and household products packaging
Michael W. Feldser
 Gerrit Heske
Senior vice president of Ball Corporation; chief operating officer, global metal beverage packaging

2 Ball Corporation 2012 Annual Report
BALL’s CONTRACTED
AEROSPACE SEGMENT BACKLOG AT THE END OF 2012:
$1B
have positioned our company well for the future. Our aerospace business played an important role in Ball Corporation’s success over the past decade, and we thank Dave for his vision and leadership and wish him well in retirement.
Succeeding Dave as president of our aerospace business is Robert D. Strain, who joined Ball Aerospace in early 2012 as chief operating officer. Rob’s extensive experience in the private, public
Ball is a global leader in the manufacture of metal packaging.
  Robert D. Strain
President,
Ball Aerospace
& Technologies Corp.
and academic sectors, and his strong record of managing programs and cultivating relationships, will be key to continuing the growth of Ball Aerospace.
Improving Performance Through
Operational Excellence and Sustainability
A catalyst for Ball’s strong 2012 performance was our focus on maximizing value in our existing businesses. This includes improving manufacturing efficiencies and product mix, aligning our supply with demand, strong program performance in our aerospace business and the effective positioning of all of our products and services. This is Ball’s “bread and butter,” and it is something we have done well for many years.
Our packaging businesses overall continued to excel at operational excellence during 2012. Ball’s transition to two, global packaging organizations further enables us to better leverage our best practice sharing, technology and platforms, and work more closely with our customers on
a global basis. Coupled with the completion last year of the move of our European metal beverage packaging head- quarters to Zurich, Switzerland, these actions optimize our structure, leverage our general and administrative functions and increase efficiencies in our operations.
Demand for our specialty beverage packaging continued to grow in 2012, while industry volumes in some markets for standard 12-ounce beverage cans declined. To better align our supply with market demand, Ball announced plans to cease production at two North American beverage packaging manufacturing plants to consolidate the company’s 12-ounce beverage can and end production capacity.
Our aerospace and technologies business finished 2012 with record sales and profits, the result of exceptional
program performance. Despite continued uncertainty around the U.S. federal budget, Ball Aerospace ended the year with a strong backlog of more than $1 billion.
During 2012, we began the year-long process of shipping the finished and highly delicate
NASA James Webb Space Telescope mirrors to Goddard Space Flight Center for integration into the telescope in 2015. NASA also extended its Kepler mission through 2016. Ball is the mission prime contractor for Kepler, designed to search for Earth-size planets around other stars. And the Suomi National Polar-orbiting Partnership (NPP) satellite, built by Ball for NASA, marked in October one year of providing critical observations for accurate weather forecasting, reliable severe storm outlooks and global measurements of atmospheric and oceanic conditions such as sea surface temperatures and ozone. Ball is now building the successor to Suomi NPP, the JPSS-1 satellite and its Ozone Mapping and Profiler Suite instrument, for a 2017 launch.
Also, we released our third
corporate sustainability report in
2012, detailing Ball’s economic,
social and environmental sustain-
ability progress achieved during
2010 and 2011. The report identified
our progress and our future goals,
both driven largely by measuring
and improving our sustainability
performance within our facilities, and by broadening
our scope to collaborate with customers and suppliers to determine opportunities that provide the greatest sustain- ability impact within the supply chain of our products. Ball established six corporate sustainability priorities that build on past efforts: innovation, operations, talent man- agement, recycling, supply chain and community. Among our achievements highlighted in the report were exceeding our global, 10-year greenhouse gas emissions reduction goal of 16 percent two years early, continuing to improve our energy efficiency and improving our safety record by 27 percent, which places Ball among the top performing manufacturing companies in the world.
These actions and others are highlighted elsewhere in this annual report, and are examples of our focus on proac- tively controlling those factors that are within our control to contribute significantly to improved performance.
         
Growing Through New Products and Capabilities, Geographies and Technology Growth also played a signifi- cant role in Ball’s strong 2012 results. As mentioned above, we continue to expand our specialty beverage container business, which accounts for
more than 15 percent of our global beverage packaging sales. Strong customer demand for Ball’s popular Alumi-Tek® bottle, the introductions of the new
“Royal Pint” 568mL can and a further rollout of different sized Sleek® can formats in North America, and the debut of our premium, “Protected Quality” seal wine can in Europe all helped drive our specialty packaging growth by double digits in 2012.
In Brazil, we announced that our joint venture metal beverage can plant in Alagoinhas, which began produc- tion earlier in 2012, will start up a second beverage can production line in the second half of 2013. The Brazilian can market grew by approximately 10 percent in 2012, and demand is expected to continue to increase. Both manufacturing lines in Alagoinhas will be capable of making several different sizes. Its capacity is secured under long-term customer agreements.
In December, Ball acquired Envases del Plata S.A. de C.V., a leading producer of extruded aluminum aerosol packaging in Mexico, with a manufacturing plant in
San Luis Potosi. As part of Ball’s metal food and household products packaging division, the plant complements Ball’s global extruded aluminum aerosol and slug business in Europe, and the aluminum slug business in North America that Ball acquired in 2010. Ball is the largest supplier of
A “Blue Marble” image of the Earth taken in 2012 by instruments aboard the Ball-built Suomi NPP satellite.
extruded aluminum slugs in the world, and this acquisition provides a new end market for our products.
In our metal food and household products packaging business, Ball also introduced a metal technology break- through that enables the use of postconsumer recycled aluminum in the manufacture of extruded aluminum packaging for aerosols. The resulting new metal alloy exhibits increased strength and allows meaningful lightweighting of the container while maintaining existing package integrity.
Our aerospace business was selected by NASA to lead a technology demonstration of a high performance “green” propellant alternative to the highly toxic fuel hydrazine. With this award, NASA opened a new era of innovative and nontoxic green fuels that are less harmful to our environment, have fewer operational hazards and decrease the complexity and cost of launch processing. Ball is also part of a team selected to build the first space-based instrument to monitor major air pollutants across the North American continent for NASA’s Tropospheric Emissions: Monitoring of Pollution (TEMPO) mission. TEMPO will collect data that will advance air quality research on how air pollution affects climate change and air quality on a continental scale.
All of these achievements provide us with new opportunities to grow our business and create value for our shareholders, customers and other stakeholders.
Positioning Ball for
Continued Success in 2013 and Beyond
Ball Corporation’s improved 2012 performance was built on striving to be the best at everything we do, and executing our Drive for 10 vision to position the company for continued, long-term success. That remains our blueprint in 2013. In a challenging global environment, we are confident Ball’s focus on execution and growth will continue to drive long-term value in our company.
At Ball, we know who we are, we know where we are going and we know what is important. We are excited about our future and confident in our ability to continue to create value for our shareholders, deliver innovative products to our customers and achieve our Drive for 10 vision together.
Best regards,
John A. Hayes
President and Chief Executive Officer
Ball Corporation 2012 Annual Report 3
 EVA DOLLARS* GENERATED BY
DRIVE FOR 10 IN 2012:
 $ 161. 4 M
EVA®
  NASA/NOAA/GSFC/Suomi NPP/VIIRS/Norman Kuring
*EVA® returns above 9% after-tax
