  MESSAGE TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
2001was a year none of us of $3.7 billion. We faced some
will forget, for the worst of reasons and for the best of American heroism and valor. The performance of our company, or any company, is insignificant compared to what occurred on September 11, 2001, yet our performance is what we are expected to discuss in this letter, and we will. I want all of you to know that we do so in humble reverence for those who died, respect for those who have led in the
R. David Hoover
President and Chief Executive Officer
significant challenges in terms
of energy prices, freight costs and capacity curtailments to reduce inventory levels, so we were gratified that our 2001 results, viewed on this basis, were only slightly below 2000, when we earned $1.85 per diluted share, again before charges and credits, on sales of $3.7 billion.
Our long-term goal is to grow earnings per share by 10 to 15 percent
aftermath, and deepest appreciation for those who have risked their lives and continue to do so in order that the rest of us can go about our business.
This annual report features a few of the approximately 10,000 women and men who represent the employees of the company, and it is the employees who make Ball Corporation special. Each of the people featured represents a thousand others who through their creativity and attention to detail are helping build a great business that consistently delivers superior returns for shareholders, including our many employee owners. Our total return to shareholders in 2001, based on stock price appreciation and dividends, exceeded 55 percent.
We took actions to position our China and North American packaging operations so they could compete more effectively in those markets in the future. In addition, we exited two small aerospace developmental product lines. As a result of our actions, we recorded charges which caused us to report a loss for the year of $1.85* per share. We expect these charges will be cash positive to the company, following tax recoveries.
Excluding these business consolidation charges, net earnings were $1.78 per diluted share on sales
per year, excluding any nonrecurring charges or credits. Earnings in 2001 were lower than in 2000, but with the strong performance we expect in 2002, the rate of growth over these recent years should return to the high end of our target range.
The market for packaging products in China has not grown as rapidly as had been anticipated, so we disposed of our general line packaging business there, retained our leadership position in beverage cans and are consolidating those manufacturing operations to reflect the realities of the China beverage can market. Our actions give us the opportunity to improve our results in China and participate in a meaningful way in what remains the world’s largest and most intriguing emerging market.
In our North American packaging operations, we closed an older, less efficient beverage can manufacturing plant and consolidated that business into other facilities. To significantly improve our cash flow and position our beverage can operations for what we expect to be very solid future performance, we took several actions in 2001 to temporarily curtail production and reduce our finished goods inventory. We remain the leader in beverage cans in North America and that leadership will grow.
*All per share amounts in this report are stated to reflect a two-for-one stock split which occurred on February 22, 2002.
 1

  MESSAGE TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
“We intend to build on our historic strengths of
high quality, greatest value, superior customer relationships, focused management and creative employees.”
NEW BEVERAGE CAN BUSINESS
In 2002, we began supplying essentially all of the cans for Coors Brewing Company, either directly or through our new joint venture with Coors. With the addition of the Coors business, Ball is the only beverage can manufacturer which
is a major supplier to the three largest brewers in North America and both of the large soft drink companies’ filling operations. Weareproudofthatdistinction,asitreflectsourtotalcommit- ment to being close to our customers and understanding their needs and future direction. Including the Coors volume, much of which will be provided through the joint venture between Ball and Coors, we expect to supply approximately 36 billion recyclable aluminum beverage cans in North America in 2002.
Also in our packaging segment, we had record sales of food cans in 2001 and at year end completed an acquisition that will enhance our PET plastic container operations in 2002.
Food can sales topped $600 million for the first time, boosted in part by the first full year of the added business that came to us through our joint venture formed in 2000 with ConAgra Grocery Products.
The margins of our PET plastic container operations were those most affected by higher energy and freight costs in 2001. We have worked with our customers and with energy suppliers to take steps to moderate the future effect of energy costs.
In December we announced the acquisition of the bottle producing operations of a self-manufacturer that will help alleviate some of the freight issues we have faced. The capacity we acquired in the Midwest will allow us to supply on a long- term basis all of the PET bottle requirements of a large and successful soft drink co-op, better balance our supply picture throughout our system, and increase our participation in a rapidly growing packaging type.
SHARP IMAGES FROM SPACE
Ball Aerospace & Technologies Corp., our aerospace subsi- diary, topped $400 million in sales for the first time in its history and enjoyed much success in terms of contracts won,
products delivered and outstanding performance of our unique solutions to exceptional scientific and engineering challenges. The QuickBird II satellite and camera system we provided to DigitalGlobe was launched in October and began providing the highest resolution commercial space-based images available.
POSITIVE OUTLOOK
We are positive about the performance of, and prospects for, Ball Corporation through 2002 and beyond. We intend
to build on our historic strengths of high quality and greatest value, and couple those strengths with a rigorous approach to managing our operations. At the same time, we will continue to take advantage of the creativity and imagination of our employees in order to develop innovations in products, process development and the way we conduct our business so that we can better serve our customers, grow the company and increase the value of the enterprise.
Our solid performance led us to announce in January 2002 a two-for-one stock split and an increase in our cash dividend. Further, we announced board authorization for the future repurchase of up to five million shares of our stock. Our strong performance has been reflected in our substantial cash flow and an increased market price per share. We expect that our continued strong cash flow in 2002 will allow us to buy shares, further reduce debt and to make investments to better position us for future growth opportunities.
We are optimistic about the future of Ball Corporation. We continue to work hard to reward investors who place their confidence in Ball to consistently deliver superior shareholder returns, and we thank those investors.
R. David Hoover
President and Chief Executive Officer
 2
