                Dear Fellow Shareholders:
Sometime in 2005, Ball Corporation will turn 125 years old.
Company records and historians are certain of the year, though less certain about a particular month or day. That’s fine with us, because throughout the year we intend to mark this milestone in our history. To confine
it to a single day just wouldn’t do after so many years of tangible accomplishment.
We will feel good as we celebrate because 2004, the last full year in our first 125, was also the best in the
company’s history, with record sales, record earnings and record operating cash flow.
More important, perhaps, we will celebrate while trying to ensure that 2005 will see us achieve even greater results,
much as 2004 built on a record 2003.
There won’t be any grand balls or elaborate 125th anniversary events. You won’t see our name or quasquicentennial
logo in a special corporate image advertising campaign, other paid promotions or on blimps.
We reached 125 years by quietly and confidently going about our business. We’ll celebrate the same way.
Our guiding philosophy really is quite simple and straightforward. It is a gift from our corporate founders. You will find
it on the page following this letter. It works for us, as demonstrated by our long, successful history and most recently by Ball Corporation’s 2004 results.
Exceeding our goals
In 2004 we earned a record $295.6 million ($2.60 per diluted share) on record sales of $5.44 billion, compared to $229.9 million ($2.01 per diluted share) on sales of $4.98 billion in 2003.
Our long-term objective is to improve annual earnings per diluted share by an average of 10 to 15 percent over time. In recent years we have far exceeded that goal, with earnings per diluted share up 29 percent in 2004 and an average of more than 45 percent per year over the past three years.
We also focus on the generation of cash and the prudent use of that cash. Our cash flow from operations in 2004 was $536 million. Since the end of 2001, we have generated more than $1.35 billion in cash flow from operations.
Prudent use of cash
Our success depends in no small way on us making wise choices regarding the use of that cash. We have the standard choices – invest in the business, make acquisitions, reduce debt, pay dividends and buy back stock.
When we have the opportunity to improve our existing businesses and earn more than our cost of capital, we take it. We are building a new beverage can manufacturing plant near Belgrade, the largest foreign investment in Serbia since the end of hostilities there. We are converting selected manufacturing lines in Europe and North America from the production of standard size commodity beverage cans to the production of specialty cans as our customers’ needs for new sizes and styles of beverage cans continue to grow. To accommodate the nearly 600 new people we hired in our aerospace business in 2004 and the many contracts we are bidding and winning for spacecraft and space instrumentation, we are expanding and upgrading facilities in our aerospace and technologies segment.
We have made two large acquisitions since 1998 in the beverage can manufacturing assets of Reynolds Metals and Schmalbach-Lubeca. The successful integration of these acquisitions has elevated us to a leadership position in our largest product
   R. David Hoover
Chairman, president and chief executive officer
 1

                 Stock Performance
(based on initial investment of $100 in 1997)
$600 $500 $400 $300 $200 $100
      97 98 99 00 01 02 03 04
area. We also have made a number of smaller, strategically important acquisi- tions such as the one early in 2004 that made us sole owner of a large metal food can manufacturing facility in California.
Since the acquisition of our European beverage can business at the end of 2002 we have been diligent in reducing debt associated with that transaction. Two years later, at the end of 2004, we had reduced debt and increased cash by a total of $536 million.
In 2004 we increased the regular quarterly dividend on our common stock by 33 percent, the third time we have increased the dividend in the past three years.
We have been a significant acquirer of our own stock, repurchasing more than $200 million worth of net shares between 2001 and the end of 2004 and an additional $125 million in January 2005. Approximately 8 million shares remain under a stock repurchase authorization approved by the board of directors in July 2004.
Strength and flexibility
BLL S&P 500
Dow: Containers
   We reached 125 years and achieved a record 2004 by demonstrating the flexibility needed to adapt to changing times and take advantage of developing market opportunities. We have the financial strength to pursue those opportunities that make the most sense and offer the greatest long-term potential to the corporation. It is this combination of financial strength and strategic flexibility that has characterized Ball throughout its history, and will continue to define it in the future.
We also have the human strength. While many of our employees have devoted much of their working lives to Ball, an increasing number of our employees are new to the company. Many came to us through acquisitions both large and small. Others came with the growth of our still-young plastic container business. Fully half of our 3,100 aerospace employees have been with Ball for fewer than five years. New people bring new ideas that help fuel the creativity and imagination of the entire organization. We appreciate the contribution of every employee, old and new.
One of our greatest strengths, now and throughout our history, is the outstanding customer base we serve. We are privileged to provide packaging products for many of the world’s leading names in the beverage and food industries, and our aerospace and technologies segment works with the top defense and space agencies, laboratories and scientific investigators in the world. We are honored by the trust our customers place in us, and determined to continue to add value to our relationships with them.
The only fireworks
If all goes as planned, on the Fourth of July in 2005, a spacecraft built by Ball will rendezvous with a comet after a journey of six months and more than 265 million miles. This technically challenging mission holds the promise to greatly expand knowledge about the formation of the universe. One part of the spacecraft will impact with the comet while the other part observes and sends back images and data to scientists on Earth. The celestial show that could occur may be the only fireworks related in any way to our quasquicentennial. For the most part it will be business as usual, as it has been for the past 125 years, as we continue to build on our tradition of serving our customers, providing jobs, rewarding investors and participating in our communities. In the process, we will find the time to celebrate and make note of those things that have allowed us to prosper for so long.
If we do these things properly, our future should be every bit as bright as our past has been proud.
R. David Hoover
 2
Chairman, president and chief executive officer
