                02 2009 Bemis Annual Report
Henry J. Theisen
President and Chief Executive Officer
One Bemis, a multinational, material science business. This is the phrase that best describes our company today.
One Bemis because at Bemis, it is our objective to bring together the talents and skills from regions around the world and offer a comprehensive array of solutions to our customers in a coordinated and convenient manner. This “One Bemis” objective is an integral part of our growth strategy and creates a supportive resource network on which we can expand.
Multinational because Bemis operates around the world as a local company. We speak the local language, whether it is French, German, Portuguese, Spanish, Finnish, Chinese, Malay, or English. We manufacture in Belgium, the United Kingdom, Canada, Mexico, China, Brazil, Argentina, France, Finland, Malaysia, New Zealand, and the United States. And we are sophisticated, coordinating our activities and sharing expertise and experiences across regions of the world.
 a message to our shareholders
 
                 Material science because Bemis thrives on innovation and creativity. We serve global food, consumer products, healthcare, and other customers who create innovative new products that impact the way people live their lives each day. At Bemis, we seek out unique raw materials in a dynamic environment where our engineers create solutions that we use to improve, advance, and adapt our own products. Our company continuously evolves to meet the challenges of the latest consumer trends and utilize the latest resources. We are inventive, progressive, and creative.
As we enter the second decade of the twenty-first century, we are pleased to have accomplished many key growth and improvement objectives.
Our flexible packaging business achieved record operating profit in 2009 driven by lower raw material costs early in the year, followed by stronger sales of value-added products and manufacturing improvements. While raw material costs fluctuate,
our business model is designed to minimize both the positive and negative impacts of those fluctuations on our operating profits. As we begin 2010, increased demand for value-added products will create positive profit momentum in our flexible packaging business.
Our European flexible packaging operations have achieved improved profitability with increased sales of proprietary products and a sharp focus on cost management. We continue to benefit from the growing South American economy that creates increased demand for food and consumer products packaging that provides food safety, extended shelf life and consumer convenience features. In 2009, we further expanded our position in that region with the acquisition of the South American rigid packaging operations of Huhtamaki, which added over $80 million of annual sales to our existing business base.
In our pressure sensitive materials business, the global recession of 2009 created a challenging environment. Our customers, using
2009 Bemis Annual Report 03

                    Technology & Innovation
   Customer Focus
VALUE
Manufacturing Excellence
   pressure sensitive materials for labels, advertising, promotion, housing, automotive, and other industrial applications, have seen their sales volumes negatively impacted by the economy. In response, we have successfully reduced costs to better match sales volume and maintain positive operating results. Future economic recovery in the United States and Europe is expected to improve sales volume in these markets and provide profit recovery in this business segment.
In July of 2009, we entered into a purchase and sale agreement to buy the $1.4 billion Food Americas business of Alcan Packaging, and we completed this acquisition on March 1, 2010. This represents the largest acquisition in the 152-year history of Bemis Company. In 2009, our strong balance sheet allowed us to secure attractively priced acquisition financing during a challenging time in the capital markets. We look forward to achieving our growth objectives by maximizing the profitability of our current operating portfolio, successfully integrating the Food Americas business, and investing in superior growth opportunities.
Our March 2010 acquisition of Alcan Packaging Food Americas represents a great expansion of our technological expertise and geographic reach. This acquisition provides Bemis with added expertise in foil handling and crystallized polyester trays, as well as retort technology and an established pharmaceutical packaging product line. It brings us expanded relationships with existing customers as well as new customers in new markets.
The Food Americas facilities we acquired are well-maintained and modern, with locations that complement and enhance our global business strategy.
Our balanced business strategy delivers value and growth throughout the Bemis organization. We continue to see the benefits of creativity and ingenuity with technology and innovation that offer unique, high quality solutions to today’s most challenging customer demands. The increasingly complex combination of requirements for shelf life extension, food safety, consumer convenience features, and sustainability characteristics can only be solved in a cost effective way with material science. Understanding the interaction of certain materials and the associated variables that impact performance is crucial to creating a complex structure that meets a strict performance level. Our experienced technical organization is devoted to finding the right combination of products to meet these challenges.
We employ an approach to manufacturing excellence that we call “World Class Manufacturing.” This inclusive, disciplined, statistical-based approach to evaluating operating performance engages talent throughout the organization in solutions that remove structural obstacles while promoting optimized performance and continuous improvement. Throughout our operations, we have applied the metrics and mechanisms of World Class Manufacturing to reduce raw material usage and work-in-process inventory, increase productivity, and improve
04 2009 Bemis Annual Report

                scheduling efficiency. These techniques have successfully reduced costs to improve competitiveness and increased capacity in growing product lines.
Our customer focus represents a powerful stimulus driving our business strategy. Our customers include the world’s leading food, consumer products, healthcare, and other companies employing leading edge product development to improve the lives of consumers and capture market share. In addition, we have close customer relationships with regional companies that deliver a valued, consistent product to loyal consumers. Our customers are identifying solutions for a specific market need, and they are looking to improve their processes and reduce manufacturing costs to improve their competitiveness. All of these customers come to Bemis looking for answers to their unique challenges. Our product development engineers use engineering expertise to offer material science-based solutions and partner with customers to meet their needs. “Ideation” meetings with customers combine the creativity of these global trendsetters with our best ideas and offer practical direction for our research and development emphasis.
OutlOOk
This is an exciting time in the history of Bemis Company. We have the tools and the ingenuity to bring the best solutions to meet our customers’ needs. Our increased size offers us more flexibility to manage our “focused factory” operating model and provide global solutions to our global customers. Our business generates strong cash flow that supports our disciplined investment in growth opportunities and an attractive total return to our shareholders, including the annual dividend Bemis has paid since 1922 and has increased for 27 consecutive years
Our mOst valuable resOurce
We would like to personally thank all of our 16,000 employees for their extraordinary efforts, hard work, and creativity during 2009, and we welcome over 4,000 employees who have just joined Bemis with our recent acquisition. We recognize that our most valuable
resource is the technical skill and talent of our employees, and we protect that investment by prioritizing safety in our facilities around the world. Our compensation programs incorporate safety standards and promote continuous improvement, and we recognize manufacturing locations for maintaining high safety standards with an annual CEO Safety Award. Bemis’ mission statement further emphasizes our focus on providing a challenging and satisfying work experience for our employees. As One Bemis, we look forward to the accomplishments that we will realize together.
We greatly appreciate the support and confidence of each of our customers, suppliers, employees, and shareholders as we enter the next decade of opportunities.
Henry J. Theisen
President & Chief Executive Officer
 2009 Bemis Annual Report 05
