 A MESSAGE TO OUR
JEFFREY H. CURLER
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
shareholders
At Bemis, we promote innovation in every market we serve. We want to inspire our customers with solutions that offer to change the status quo; solutions that redefine the boundaries and provide new growth to these markets.
2 ± Bemis Company, Inc.

  Our 2006 financial performance improved substantially from 2005. We recorded solid growth in net income, earnings per share and cash flow from operations. We used our strong cash flow to strengthen capacity in higher-growth product lines, increase the quarterly cash dividend, and reduce debt.
Consolidated net sales grew at a moderate pace, as expected. Each of our pressure sensitive materials product lines reported healthy growth in 2006. These product lines represent about 18 percent of Bemis’ net sales. We were also pleased to report strong net sales growth in flexible packaging markets where we have introduced added capacity and new value-added products. These markets include meat and cheese, health and hygiene, unitizing films for cans and bottles, and medical products and represent about 45 percent of Bemis’ net sales. Our remaining flexible packaging markets reported net sales at or below the levels of 2005 and included confectionery and snack, industrial products, and certain miscellaneous food categories.
During 2006, we achieved our goal to build momentum for two distinct initiatives: product innovation and cost management.
PRODUCT INNOVATION
Our efforts to promote innovation in 2006 complemented our customers’ focus on their own growth initiatives. Bemis’ R&D creates patented, high-performance products that bring value to customers across a wide variety of markets. This year we recorded strong growth in flexible packaging markets that used our new polyester film structures, lidding film, cheese film, ShrinkBoxTM thin- gauge shrink film, and unitizing films for cans and bottles. Our new polyester materials are now used to provide easy-open and resealable packaging for deli-sliced luncheon meats. Other innovations deliver increased processing speeds and reduce costs for our customers.
Our new Bubble-FreeTM graphic film reduces installation time for graphic signage, and our PressGoldTM label material continues to impress label customers with its consistent quality at high printing speeds.
We are also building momentum for our patented flexible packaging products in the European market. In 2006, our European customers began to incorporate our value-added packaging solutions into their own product innovations. Over the past five years, we have invested heavily in talent and capability expansion in the European region. Our successful shift to value-added product sales creates opportunities to improve operating performance in this region.
In January 2007, we introduced a new case-ready meat package that is expected to improve the current distri- bution process for case-ready meat and deliver superior convenience to the consumer. If successful, this product could be commercialized by early 2008 and would expand Bemis’ market share in fresh meat packaging.
The pharmaceutical industry represents another oppor- tunity to expand. Driven by strong customer relationships and a focus on manufacturing excellence, our medical device packaging product line has recorded many years of strong annual growth. Our medical device packaging expertise is now being presented to the pharmaceutical market, where we have identified many opportunities for innovation.
 Annual Report 2006 ± 3

  Customer Focus
Manufacturing Excellence
Technology & Innovation
VALUE
COST MANAGEMENT
While we have a lot of exciting opportunities to highlight in certain markets, there are other areas that continue to perform below our expectations due to competitive pressures and challenging manufacturing processes. In addition, we recognize the need to be more cost efficient to reduce the impact of annual increases in wages, health care, and energy costs. To address these operational issues and create performance momentum throughout the company, we made cost management a major priority in 2006. This represents a culture change from previous years when cost control was included within profit improvement discussions and often over- shadowed by new product sales objectives. We have assembled high-talent teams in every corner of our business to focus on this initiative. These teams are work- ing together to identify best practices and meet annual cost savings challenges. We are increasing profitability and adding capacity by improving efficiency on existing production equipment. I expect momentum for this cost management culture to continue to strengthen and to help improve our return on assets in the future.
During 2006, we completed a restructuring program to consolidate production capacity and improve our overall cost structure and efficiency. We closed six plants in this effort, and challenged our larger, more modern plants to absorb that production with seamless service to our customers. With few exceptions, our efforts were very successful. The savings from this restructuring program will support improved profitability in 2007 and offset other inflationary costs in our business.
adding
 4 ± Bemis Company, Inc.
  
 BUSINESS STRATEGY
We expect the momentum created by these innovation and cost management initiatives to deliver strong performance at Bemis for the next several years. These initiatives are essential elements of our long-term business strategy. Technology and innovation are central to our strong global market position, and our customers count on Bemis to help their products compete for the attention of consumers. Manufacturing excellence incorporates quality, service, and our new cost management initiative. As part of our manufacturing excellence focus, we have also implemented a new CEO Safety Award which will be presented to plants that achieve and maintain specified, high safety standards during 2007. Our employees actively participate in the promotion of safety as an integral part of a world-class business. Customer focus is also an important element of our business strategy. A great majority of our products are customized to meet specific customer applications, so we work side-by-side with our customers’ marketing and manufacturing experts to deliver valued solutions.
OUTLOOK
We expect our innovation and cost management initiatives to continue to deliver performance improvement well into the future. While a majority of our operations are performing very well, there are still areas for improvement. We have set challenging but attainable performance goals for 2007, and I expect to report measurable improvement in many areas. We will continue to invest in new capacity where necessary to meet the demands of our high-growth businesses. We also expect to begin the implementation of an enterprise resource system that will progress over a number of years and further improve our resource management.
Our objectives continue to be the achievement of consistent double-digit growth in earnings per share and in cash flow, the improvement of return on capital ratios, and the maintenance of a strong balance sheet to maximize financial flexibility.
On behalf of over 15,700 employees located around the world and serving customers in hundreds of markets with products for thousands of applications, I would like to thank our customers, suppliers and shareholders for your continued support and confidence.
Jeffrey H. Curler
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
  Annual Report 2006 ± 5
