           A MESSAGE TO OUR
The year 2005 was a year of formidable business challenges. As the world experienced the impact of increasing oil prices and hurricane damaged manufacturing plants, our industry suffered from record high raw material costs and from threatened raw material shortages. This tested both customer and supplier relationships, and substantially increased production costs throughout the year. In response, we strengthened our internal procedures to better align product pricing with raw material and production costs. Our engineering teams focused their attention on production processes that reduced waste, and we refined procedures to better control order volatility and further boost production efficiency. During the brief period of raw material shortages caused by the Gulf Coast hurricanes,
Bemis remained a reliable source of product for our customers.
We continue to use our strong cash flow to invest in facilities expansion in locations where demand for new products is very strong and capacity utilization is high. We also repurchased 1.9 million shares of Bemis Company stock during the year and funded our regular cash dividend.
While all of these efforts benefited the second half of the year, total 2005 earning per share results were lower than results in 2004 due to the increased raw material costs and shortages faced by the entire industry. In 2006, we will counter this by introducing new customer solutions that will strengthen our leadership position in the markets we serve. We will establish Bemis as an innovator in new markets, offering unique products that will improve growth prospects for our customers. Our continued focus on cost management and manufacturing excellence will deliver value to our employees and shareholders by increasing profitability and cash flow.
STRATEGIC DIRECTION
Our competitive advantage in the market continues to be the technology and innovation that we bring to the industry. Our focus on using material science to help customers attain their goals has established Bemis as a world leader in packaging innovation. Innovation is also
                                                                             Bemis Company, Inc. 3 2005 Annual Report

  the key to the improvement in our pressure sensitive materials business, which has been strengthened by the recent introduction of new products. As our business expands into different markets and geographic areas, we are introducing new customers to the Bemis line of value-added products and utilizing our expertise to provide them with fresh solutions. We will continue to search for the best opportunities to expand our business into new markets, such as consumer products and pharmaceuticals, and to new regions of the world. For example, in 2005 we acquired Dixie Toga, the largest packaging company in South America. We are very pleased with the transition of this business to Bemis and with the successful integration of its operations and management teams into the rest of our organization.
We are also investing in our existing businesses and facilities in order to improve efficiency and achieve our constant objective of manufacturing excellence. Because of the significant increase in raw materials costs over the past two years, the focus of 2005 was cost control. We invested in new, modern equipment with increased capacity, which improved production efficiency and reduced costs. In 2006, we will continue to invest in new equipment and to consolidate production into our more efficient facilities.
We are very pleased with the range of new Bemis products currently available to our customers. Our business teams work closely with customers to offer unique solutions that draw upon our proprietary technologies and industry expertise. Our customer focus ensures that our research and development efforts are relevant to today’s market issues and profitable
to our customers. Our research and development teams are working to improve the options available
to customers in order to support their expansion
in the marketplace.
BUSINESS OUTLOOK
The disciplined implementation of our growth
strategy over the long term has made Bemis
a leader in the industry and has earned our
shareholders a solid, long-term total return on their investment. This is a progressive business, subject to market trends and innovation, and we are constantly evolving to accommodate new materials and manufacturing capabilities, varied consumer tastes, and changing customer priorities. Our research teams are continually developing new products to maintain the flow of creative ideas to our customers. We are evaluating our portfolio of facilities to reduce fixed costs and maximize production efficiency across our business. We are leveraging our talented management and marketing expertise in all regions of the globe to access new customers and market categories. Potential acquisitions are scrutinized for value, both individually and as a part of the total Bemis portfolio.
Our objectives continue to be the achievement of consistent double-digit growth in earnings per share and in cash flow, the improvement of return on capital ratios, and the maintenance of a strong balance sheet to maximize financial flexibility. While the operating results of 2005 were lower than originally anticipated, our business remains strong, and we are pleased with our numerous prospects for future growth.
 Bemis Company, Inc. 4
2005 Annual Report

 RETIREMENTS FROM THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
In May 2005, Loring W. Knoblauch retired after serving eleven years on the Bemis Board of Directors and as Chairman of the Audit Committee. In May 2006, two additional board members will retire: John G. Bollinger, who has served as a board member since 1999, and Winslow H. Buxton, who has served as a board member for twelve years and as the lead independent director for the last two years. We are grateful to each of them for their counsel and dedication to Bemis Company, and we would like to express our appreciation for their many contributions to our success.
We also value the efforts of the more than 15,000 Bemis employees who contributed their talent and hard work to meet the challenges of 2005, and who continue working toward our goals for growth in 2006 and beyond. On behalf of all our employees around the world, I would like to thank our customers, suppliers and shareholders for their continued support and confidence.
Jeffrey H. Curler
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
   Bemis Company, Inc. 5
2005 Annual Report
