LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS



William	F. listen
Chef Executi·ve Officer


 
  +10%
Earnings per share from continuing operations increased 10% to $2.30 per share.


million invested
We invested $185 million in capital to support growth and productivity improvements around the world.
 
annual increases
In 2015, we have increased the dividend paid to shareholders for 32 consecutive years.

million
.	shares	
We repurchased 3.8 million Bemis common shares for $152 million.
 



4-	lf..I.,,     2   I B e mi s  A nnu  a l R e p o rt  20 14
 

 






As we enter 2015, it is truly an important time in Bemis Company's history. During the last five years. we optimized our portfolio and leveraged our global footprint to concentrate on our core packaging business. The year 2014 was pivotal in the execution of our strategy. We shifted from our previous internal focus to an external focus on accelerating disciplined growth, delivering innovation, and continuously improving all that we do.
 
At the center of our vision is the key to our future success:
our custorners."
 

During 2014, our global leadership team set new long-term financial targets and established a vision that reflects our aspirations and our future. At the center of our vision is the key to our future success: our customers.

"Passionate
customers will make Bemis the clear choice for inspired packaging solutions."

Our vision for success starts and ends with the customer. We succeed when we are critical to our customer's success. The measure of our success is the degree to which our packaging helps our customers sell more of their products. We accomplish this with inspired packaging solutions.

Inspired packaging solutions are:

•	Packaging solutions that are exceptional, from start to finish.

•	Outstanding ideas that capture the consumers' attention on the grocery store shelf.

•	Solutions that are delivered to our customers with speed, responsiveness, and quality.

We begin 2015 with positive momentum  and from a position of strength. We create solutions that are differentiated from the
competition. We have deep relationships and valued partnerships with our customers. And we have the scale, capital, and expertise to provide our solutions to customers anywhere in the world.



2014 Bemis Annual Report I 3
 







 
Our business is well-positioned for growth. We expect to benefit from consumer trends towards convenience and food safety in Latin America and Asia. Increasing complexity in the global healthcare market provides us the opportunity to meet the stringent demands of our customers with our high quality medical device and pharmaceutical packaging solutions. And in the United States, a variety of consumer trends such as freshness, healthy snacking, and on-the-go convenience drive the need for our proprietary, high-barrier packaging solutions.

As we continue to implement our long-term strategy, we will leverage our strong pipeline of new products and innovation. As we drive increased sales of value-added packaging solutions to our target end-markets, our performance metrics will improve. We are committed to improving return on invested capital, return on sales, and earnings per share, and we have aligned our incentive-pay plans to support these goals. We have the people and resources in place, and we have high expectations of ourselves.

We will prudently invest our resources to support our growth strategy, achieve our performance metrics, and increase
our return to shareholders. In February of 2015, our board of directors approved the 32nd consecutive increase in our annual dividend, reflecting our improved earnings results in 2014 and expectations for further progress in 2015.

In May of 2015, three board members will retire: Henry J. Theisen, who has served as a board member since 2006;
 
Paul S. Peercy, who has also served as a board member since 2006; and Barbara L. Johnson, who has served as a board member since 2002. We are grateful to Henry, Paul, and Barbara for their counsel and dedication to Bemis Company and appreciate their contributions to our success.

Looking ahead to 2015, our renewed external focus will influence the way our people work, the way we make decisions, the way we go to market, and the way we invest in our business.





We are committed to improving return on invested capital, return on sales, and earnings per share, and we have aligned our incentive­ pay plans to support these goals."
 










..,.,
4lf..:,.,,   4   I Berms Annual Report 2014
 




























I am optimistic about our prospects for growth in 2015, and I applaud the talent and efforts of the 17,000 Bemis employees who contribute toward our goals for growth in 2015 and beyond. On behalf of all of our employees around the world,  I would  like to thank our customers, suppliers, and shareholders for their continued investment, support, and confidence in our company.



William F. Austen
President and Chief Executive Officer Bemis Company, Inc.











,-
2014 Bemis Annual Report  I 5   <...
