  to our shareholders
We accomplished a great deal during 2011, in spite of the financial pressure that we faced with a number of market challenges.
Strong cash flow generated from operating activities supported our capital investments in equipment, our healthy repurchase of Bemis common stock, and our increasing dividend program. In February of 2012, the Board of Directors approved the 29th consecutive annual increase in the quarterly cash dividend payable to shareholders. In addition, during 2011 we acquired the remaining minority interest in our South American subsidiary and made two small, strategic acquisitions. In August, we established
our position as a growing food packaging supplier to the Asian markets with the acquisition of Mayor Packaging,
a China-based specialty packaging manufacturer serving food markets with retort and other specialty converted packagingsolutions.InDecember,wecompletedthe acquisition of a manufacturing facility in the United States dedicated to high barrier packaging that serves the bulk chemical and liquid markets.
While we achieved a number of business objectives,
our financial performance was dampened in 2011 as raw material costs increased and consumer demand softened. We recovered inflationary raw material costs through higher selling prices, but the contractual delay in that procedure negatively impacted our operating margins. In addition, during the second half of the year, we experienced lower volume levels as economic uncertainty and higher retail prices reduced demand for certain food and consumer products.
We are focused on three strategic priorities: optimizing and leveraging our scale; growing in target areas; and accelerating innovation.
The goal of our optimization activities is to improve sales mix, profitability, and return on invested capital. These activities include the ongoing consolidation of product specifications to improve efficiencies across operations and purchasing functions, as well as a global emphasis on best practices facilitated by the continuous improvement
Henry J. Theisen
President and Chief Executive Officer Bemis Company, Inc.
                                        2 } Bemis Annual Report 2011

  “We are focused on three strategic priorities: optimizing and lever”aging our scale; growing in target areas; and accelerating innovation.
process embedded in our World Class Manufacturing We have established targets for environmental metrics programs. Recently, we announced a facility consolidation to ensure that we maintain our positive culture of program that we expect to deliver approximately $100 environmental stewardship even as we execute our long million of savings over the next three years. This program term growth initiatives. We have historically minimized will provide for further optimization of our footprint material waste and our use of water in production
by reducing overhead costs, improving manufacturing efficiencies, and improving sales mix. We have reduced headcount in alignment with our current production needs, and we have announced the closure of five facilities for which production can be moved to redundant facilities to improve capacity utilization and production efficiency.
With over two-thirds of our sales to customers serving developed regions of the world such as North America and Europe, our current geographic profile provides us with a solid platform from which to grow. In the coming year, we will be investing in new high barrier packaging capacity
in North America. This investment will meet the growing need for innovative new packaging solutions that reduce food waste by offering convenient single serving sizes and better extend the shelf life of food portions. In developing regions of the world, we will invest in new capacity for packaging films for the meat and cheese markets, and
we will expand our newly acquired high barrier food packaging operations in China. In addition, healthy demand for our medical and pharmaceutical packaging products reflects increasing access to healthcare in developing countries and the aging demographics of developed regions.
Material science continues to be our primary instrument for creating sustainable competitive advantage and profit improvement. Our proprietary material and process platforms support our customers’ needs for cost effective solutions that offer consumer convenience and protect flavor and freshness through sometimes harsh or extended distribution systems. Using our expertise in material science, we are pleased to offer new and innovative packaging solutions that deliver the freshness,convenience features, and sterility necessary to meet the complex requirements of perishable foods and medical devices.
The combined benefits of these optimization, growth, and innovation initiatives will position us to generate positive momentum in financial performance and create opportunities for superior growth in the future.
processes, and these new targets further challenge us to eliminate both waste sent to landfills and process water discharged by 2020.
Each year, we recognize those Bemis facilities that have demonstrated the highest standards of excellence in safety and environmental stewardship. These facilities demonstrate excellence through programs targeted at continuous improvement and success in certain safety and environmental metrics. For 2011, five facilities have earned Bemis’ CEO Safety and Environmental Excellence award, specifically Clinton, Iowa; Boscobel, Wisconsin; Swansea, Wales; Suzhou, China; and our pressure sensitive materials facility located in San Luis Potosi, Mexico. We are very proud of the culture of responsibility that these business teams model within Bemis and in the industry, and I congratulate each of them on their award.
In December 2011, Jeffrey H. Curler retired after 39 years of service, 19 years on the Bemis Board of Directors and six years as Chairman of the Board. In addition, Gene C. Wulf, who served as Chief Financial Officer from 2003 to 2010 and as a board member since 2008, and William J. Scholle, who served as an independent board member since 2001, also retired from the Bemis Board of Directors. We are grateful to each of them for their counsel and dedication to Bemis Company. Each of them has played an important role in the growth and strategic direction of Bemis Company, and we would like to express our appreciation for their many contributions to our success.
On behalf of our 20,000 employees around the world,
I would like to thank our customers, suppliers, and shareholders for their continued support and confidence.
Henry J. Theisen
President and Chief Executive Officer Bemis Company, Inc.
  {3
