 LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
2017 was a pivotal year for Bemis Company as we launched Agility – our plan to Fix, Strengthen, and Grow our business. We are enacting change that creates value for our shareholders and positions Bemis for enduring success.
Through Agility, we are not only improving our cost structure through our $65 million savings plan, but equally as important, we are laying a foundation for growth that will serve our customers well in the long term. We have recently bolstered our U.S. business by bringing in new talent for numerous critical roles in operations, supply chain, capacity planning, and quality. We have initiated a pilot effort to deliberately pursue pockets of growth in the U.S. by aligning our people, processes, and assets to excel in short- run business. As we become simpler, quicker, and easier to work with, we are able to more deeply penetrate pockets of growth, such as short run business and non-food applications, that historically our U.S. business model has not focused on.
Our business has a solid foundation to build from: a world-class customer base, a dedicated workforce that is committed to improving, a comprehensive and innovative product portfolio, and a good position in the markets we serve. And during the last couple years, we’ve made progress in positioning Bemis for continued success by establishing new leadership in our Latin American, Healthcare, and U.S. businesses; by taking out $140 million of working capital and implementing the right processes to hold it; by investing in our asset recapitalization program that allows us to pursue markets that are growing; by establishing a framework to return free cash flow to shareholders resulting in over $700 million of value returned through dividends and share repurchase; and by acquiring Emplal, Steripack, and Evadix as part of our global portfolio. During 2018, we are taking action to build on this strong foundation to create value for our shareholders over the long term.
On behalf of our employees across the globe, I thank our customers, suppliers, and shareholders for their investment, support, and confidence in our Company.
WILLIAM F. AUSTEN
President and Chief Executive Officer Bemis Company, Inc.
16,500 EMPLOYEES
$4
BILLION NET SALES
FACILITIES IN +
2017
50 10+COUNTRIES
