    Letter to Shareholders
Highlights of 2012
• Adjusted earnings per share* increased to a record $2.15, an 8 percent improvement over 2011.
• Gross margins improved to 18.4 percent of net sales from 17.1 percent in 2011.
• Strong cash flow provided by operations totaled $421 million.
• The quarterly dividend paid to shareholders increased by 4.2 percent in 2012, and by 4.0 percent in 2013, our 30th consecutive annual increase.
• We expanded our footprint in the Asia-Pacific region with an investment in additional capacity in China and an acquisition in Australia
• We substantially completed the facility consolidation program started in 2011, successfully consolidating production into our remaining facilities and reducing our fixed costs in five countries.
* See Footnote (3) on page 14 for the definitions and reconciliations of the Non-GAAP financial performance measures to the GAAP measures.
Below left to right:
William Austen, Group President, James Ransom, Group President,
HenryTheisen, President and Chief Executive Officer,
Scott Ullem, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
      
                   In 2012, we accomplished our key goals and created positive performance momentum upon which to build in the future. We commercialized new business in value added product areas where our unique, proprietary film structures provide us a competitive advantage. We expanded our World Class Operations Management initiative to every Bemis manufacturing facility, focusing on waste reduction, improvement in throughput, and quality. With this effort, we expanded our capacity for value added products and successfully minimized our capital investment requirements.
The most significant initiative of 2012 was our facility consolidation program. When completed in 2013, this program is expected to reduce fixed
costs by $50 million annually. We
will also have altered capacity to
support the growth of our value
added products while reducing
capacity in other areas. This
creates a manufacturing footprint
that supports sustainable sales mix
improvements and maximizes the
efficiency of our ongoing operations.
While a small portion of the benefits
of these activities were realized in 2012, a majority of the benefit will improve profitability in 2013 and beyond.
Strong cash flow in 2012 supported our facility consolidation efforts in addition to the increased shareholder dividend, an acquisition to expand our packaging business in Australia, our capital investment needs, and the strengthening of our balance sheet by reducing debt. After successfully completing three acquisitions and repurchasing five million shares of Bemis stock in 2011, we focused our excess cash in 2012 on strengthening our balance sheet and
3
achieving our target credit metrics. While we will continue to support the remaining cash requirements of our facility consolidation efforts in early 2013, we have achieved our target credit metrics and expect strong cash flow in 2013 to provide for our investment needs and support opportunities to return cash to shareholders.
The strategic priorities that we set at the beginning of 2012 will be relevant and challenging for many years into the future. Our strategic priorities are to optimize and leverage our scale, grow in target areas, and accelerate innovation.
 With the closure of nine locations in conjunction with our facility consolidation program, we will have 74 manufacturing facilities around the world. Each of these facilities has established specific annual manufacturing performance improvement targets to achieve. More importantly, each of these manufacturing facilities is part of our global portfolio of capabilities, benefiting from best practices in operations management, global supplier relationships, and the engineering expertise we have deployed to support the expansion of our value added product lines. Our initiatives to increase the coordination and interaction of our 74 unique operations will create positive performance momentum from the manufacturing floor to the retail store shelf and ensure that we are truly optimizing
and leveraging our global scale.
The second priority is to grow in target areas. At Bemis, we are focused on profitable growth where our advanced material science and customer solutions offer us a unique competitive advantage. Specifically, innovations in the
 Our strategic priorities are to optimize and leverage our scale, grow in target areas, and accelerate innovation
 Bemis Annual Report 2012

                  global medical and pharmaceutical industries create substantial opportunities for us to address the unique packaging needs of sensitive medical devices and perishable pharmaceutical products that must withstand sometimes harsh environments en route to remote locations. In addition, as drug delivery systems adapt to accommodate demands for consumer friendly transdermal patches or dissolvable wafers, we deliver packaging and adhesive solutions that meet the requirements for skin-friendly, latex-free adhesives and child-proof, senior- friendly package opening features. Bemis’ reputation as a reliable supplier to the medical device industry positions
us to partner closely with our customers as they develop these new products.
In developing markets, growing
economies create expanding
consumer populations with
more complex consumption
requirements. Our presence
in the Asia-Pacific region has
grown from one percent of Bemis
total net sales in 2011 to 3 percent
in 2012, including acquisitions of
food packaging facilities in China and Australia.Weareexpandingourcapacity
in China to meet the growing needs in that
region for pouches and retort packaging. As this consumer market continues to modernize and food safety regulations increase the need for packaged perishable products, we intend to meet those consumer demands with barrier packages that meet the increasing standards for food safety and consumer convenience.
We also have a leading portfolio of products and customers in Latin America and will continue to invest prudently to meet the growing demand in that region for barrier packaging for applications such as refrigerated foods,
4
condiments, sauces, and meal kits. In North America, we have introduced new package materials that are more environmentally friendly than existing package materials and offer customers an important sustainable packaging solution. In a challenging economic environment that has constrained consumer spending even on food and consumer staples, we continue to identify opportunities to expand our sales through the conversion of other packaging formats into a more sustainable, flexible package that minimizes material content, improves the shelf life of perishable products, and reduces total distribution cost at
the retail shelf.
 We increased our dividend for the 30th consecutive year—a milestone that can only be claimed by a select group of public companies.
Our third strategic priority is to accelerate innovation throughout our business. Innovation is a core value of Bemis Company and represents our objective to keep pace with the changing markets that we serve. It is a part of every decision, every solution, and every process at Bemis, whether it is driven by material science, world class operations management, or ingenuity in analysis and problem solving. Our new enterprise resource planning system and other information systems advancements provide our business teams with opportunities to innovate their business processes and leverage the information technology that is now available. Leveraging our vertical integration and expertise in polymer chemistry, our teams use material science to develop solutions to address customer packaging or adhesive challenges as well as competitive threats. Our goal is to accelerate the process of bringing these solutions to the market by employing global processes that readily match technologies with solutions and solutions with customers. Accelerating innovation in all of our endeavors
  Bemis Annual Report 2012

     will further improve our competitive position in the market with lower costs, better quality, and improved sustainability.
These strategic priorities will continue to guide our activities and investments to promote enduring profitable growth in the future.
Corporate responsibility is an integral component of our culture at Bemis, and we strive to create a positive environment that delivers long-term value to our employees, our communities, our shareholders, and our customers. While our business model prioritizes resource conservation, waste reduction, and prudent waste disposal, we are committed to continuous improvement in environmental sustainability. To focus our global efforts, we have set environmental sustainability targets for ourselves to achieve by fiscal year 2020 which include reduced fuel, electricity, and solvent usage, the elimination of waste sent to landfills, and the elimination of process water discharged. We are also proud of our strong safety record at Bemis and the ongoing improvements being made by each employee to ensure that Bemis continues to be a safe place to work.
Our strong cash flows provide a solid foundation that generates increasing shareholder returns by supporting an increasing dividend program, capital investments that generate attractive returns, accretive acquisitions, and disciplined management of our capital structure. In February 2013, we increased our dividend for the 30th consecutive year – a milestone that can only be claimed by a select group of public companies.
We are confident in our outlook for the future, creating sustainable sales mix improvement, prudently investing in assets that meet capacity requirements for growing products and geographies, and leveraging our scale and material science expertise to create a competitive advantage.
5
In May 2013, Roger O’Shaughnessy, a member of the Bemis board of directors, will retire after 16 years of dedicated service. His insightful perspective and business acumen have been valuable assets to the board, and we are grateful for his contributions to Bemis’ success.
Our business teams have worked diligently this year to implement a number of important initiatives aimed at positioning Bemis for success in the future. I am proud of our accomplishments and, on behalf of all of the employees of Bemis Company around the world, I would like to express our gratitude for the continued support and confidence of our customers, suppliers, and shareholders.
Henry J. Theisen
President and Chief Executive Officer Bemis Company, Inc.
      Bemis Annual Report 2012
