 Henry J. Theisen Jeffrey H. Curler President & Chief Executive Officer Executive Chairman & Chairman of the Board
 To Our Fellow Shareholders
2
 2008 Bemis Annual Report

 Bemis customers continuously seek out new growth opportunities by emphasizing new products and addressing the sustainability needs of their retail customers. Through innovation and technological expertise, we develop unique solutions that meet the complex needs of our customers.
 Despite a year of extraordinary challenges, we continue to be pleased with both the strength and the resiliency of our business. In 2008, we strengthened our balance sheet, expanded our successful World Class Manufacturing initiative, created innovative sustainable packaging options to meet our customers’ needs, and completed a new converting plant in Suzhou, China. Thanks to our disciplined business strategy, our sustained emphasis on new product development, and our constant focus on manufacturing efficiency and customer service, we are confident that Bemis will remain strong and competitive, even in today’s unfavorable financial climate.
During 2008, we faced a particularly challenging market. Raw material and energy costs escalated at a rapid pace during the year. The result was a reduction of 5.2 percent in our diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2008. Our outlook for 2009 is also cautious given our expectation of continued global economic weakness. In light of this economic forecast, it is important to recognize the distinct advantages of our business.
Bemis’ involvement in stable markets—such as packaging for food and consumer staples—successfully offsets some of the
3
negative implications of this difficult environment. Our packaging is used throughout the grocery store, for everything from national brands to store brands, from convenience- oriented to value-priced products. With such a wide spectrum of products and broadly diversified customer base, our food packaging markets offer a solid, long-term growth base for the majority of our business. Our medical device and pharmaceutical packaging business enjoys favorable demographics and market growth. Combined, these markets represent over sixty percent of our net sales. Conversely, our pressure sensitive materials business has been experiencing the negative effects of the global economic downturn, as have some of our industrial packaging product lines. We are responding to these trends with aggressive cost management measures and customer initiatives designed to improve sales mix.
Disciplined Business Strategy
Our business model was designed to accommodate changes in raw material costs by periodically adjusting selling prices to reflect current market conditions. While the magnitude and volatility of these cost changes impact the effectiveness of our policy in the short term, we generally begin to recover our
 2008 Bemis Annual Report

original margin levels within a few months. This disciplined approach to pricing has been an effective business tool, quickly neutralizing the impact of raw material cost volatility on our operating results and cash flows.
Technology and Innovation
Consistent emphasis on customer growth initiatives and new product development is another integral facet of our business model. Bemis customers continuously seek out new growth opportunities by emphasizing new products and addressing the sustainability needs of their retail customers. Through innovation and technological expertise, we develop unique solutions that meet the complex needs of our customers. In many situations, creating sustainable packaging means providing improved product shelf life and freshness while utilizing less packaging material. When combined with large- scale distribution systems, these are demanding performance metrics, necessitating extensive knowledge in polymer chemistry, food science, and engineering. By delivering products that meet these high standards, Bemis consistently improves growth prospects for our customers.
Customer Focus
In 2008, we focused more engineering talent on established products, allowing us to improve our manufacturing efficiency and customer service model across our most competitive product lines. During this period of dramatically increasing raw material costs, this strategy played a critical role in maintaining our competitive position and helped stabilize volume trends in certain price-sensitive product lines.
World Class Manufacturing
Our World Class Manufacturing initiative delivered value across a broader range of business in 2008. Originally implemented by our South American operations, this successful
manufacturing model has been expanded to include our operations in Europe, Mexico, and parts of the United States. Using a team approach that incorporates the insights of all employees, our World Class Manufacturing initiative promotes a culture of smart business, efficient production, and customer focus. This initiative has been integral to our efforts to improve the flexibility of our production facilities and includes realignment of production resources, quantitative measurement and reduction of waste, maximized machinery efficiency, and improved production scheduling.
Safety
Our most valuable resource is the technical skill and talent of our employees. To protect this important asset, we prioritize safety at all Bemis locations around the world. During 2008, we recognized five manufacturing locations for maintaining particularly high safety standards with the first annual CEO Safety Award. It is the goal of each of our locations to achieve and maintain safety standards that consistently fall in the top quartile of industry safety statistics.
Strong Balance Sheet
We used our cash flow provided by operations in 2008 to strengthen our balance sheet and reduce debt outstanding. Prudent management of cash and working capital in 2009 is an ongoing priority for our business teams. Our modern facilities and patented and proprietary products provide us with a competitive advantage in the market and underscore the resilience of our long-term business model.
Asian Expansion
We are carefully investing in new capital where appropriate, and we are pleased to announce the completion of a converting plant in Suzhou, China during 2008. This plant will initially serve our nearby medical device customers, and it
4
 2008 Bemis Annual Report

 provides us with a platform for sales of other Bemis flexible packaging products into the region. Profitable expansion of our global footprint and market reach is an important element of our long-term growth strategy, and we will continue to seek out opportunities to access new markets for our products.
Business Outlook
As we enter 2009, the global marketplace is different than it was twelve months ago. Economies around the world are struggling under the pressure of a global financial crisis that has restricted fiscal resources. While the majority of our products serve the more resilient markets for food and consumer staples, some of our products serve markets more sensitive to general economic conditions. In this uncertain environment, our efforts continue to be focused on the achievement of our long-term goals of consistent growth in earnings per share, cash flow, and return on capital ratios. Our business model continues to deliver value to shareholders of Bemis stock through reliable cash flow generation, and we are pleased to announce that on January 29, 2009, our Board of Directors approved the 26th consecutive annual increase in our dividend payment.
Bemis employees around the world continue to adapt to changing market conditions to meet the challenges of this difficult economic environment. The coming year will be equally challenging, and we will meet these challenges with persistence, ingenuity, and a focus on building strength for the future. In these endeavors, we are grateful for the support and confidence of our customers, employees, suppliers, and shareholders.
Henry J. Theisen
President & Chief Executive Officer
Jeffrey H. Curler
Executive Chairman & Chairman of the Board
  5
 2008 Bemis Annual Report
