2014 was an exciting year for Bristol-Myers Squibb. We achieved commercial and clinical milestones. We launched new and innovative products. We strengthened our company in meaningful ways.
Throughout the year, we executed against our BioPharma strategy, delivering across the organization and across the
globe. We also accelerated our evolution to a diversified specialty BioPharma company, transforming our organization and laying the foundation for future growth.
This balanced approach – driving results today, while building for tomorrow – remains a key to our success. It is good for our business. It is good for our patients.
Delivering Our Results
In 2014, we had revenues of $15.9 billion, representing 6% sales growth, excluding our diabetes franchise. Our new and inline product sales grew by 19%. Our performance across key markets was strong.
Immuno-Oncology
With respect to immuno-oncology, 2014 was a groundbreaking year.
Sales of Yervoy (for metastatic melanoma) continued to pick up momentum. We reached $1 billion in global annual sales and have every reason to be optimistic about the future as prescription trends are very encouraging.
Opdivo was approved for metastatic melanoma in the U.S. and Japan, and we are working towards approvals in Europe and the rest of the world for both melanoma and lung cancer. Over the course of the year, we presented important clinical data regarding Opdivo, including the first confirmation of a survival benefit for a PD-1 immune checkpoint inhibitor in both melanoma and lung cancer. And with Opdivo being studied across 20 tumor types in more than 50 trials – as both a monotherapy and in combination with other medicines – we are anticipating more positive data in the months to come.
Most recently, in early March 2015, Opdivo was approved in the U.S. for the treatment of patients with previously treated metastatic squamous non-small cell lung cancer. This was a very significant development – one that provides this patient population with its first immuno-oncology therapy.
Hepatitis C
With respect to hepatitis C, 2014 was an exciting year, because it became evident that an actual cure for this chronic disease is now possible. It also became evident that this increasingly competitive, increasingly complex and rapidly changing area of high unmet medical need requires that we constantly update our approach.
We received approvals for and have launched Daklinza in key regions around the world. Our dual regimen of Daklinza and Sunvepra is addressing the needs of HCV patients in Japan, while the combina- tion of Daklinza with other HCV agents is on the market in several countries around Europe.
In the U.S., we withdrew our New Drug Application for asunaprevir, due to the rapidly changing treatment landscape in HCV. Conse- quently, we received a Complete Response Letter from the FDA for Daklinza, requesting additional information about its use in combination with other agents different than asunaprevir. This has delayed a potential U.S. approval. However, we have Phase III data for Daklinza in combination with another agent that we will use to address the FDA request, and we remain confident that we will be able to resume the U.S. review process quickly.
Cardiovascular
With respect to Eliquis, 2014 was a very good year – one charac- terized by new indications, accelerated growth and an increased appreciation for the product’s unique and differentiated profile.
Eliquis sales grew every quarter, and we expect that trend to continue. We have invested increased resources, and our people have used them effectively. For that reason, Eliquis became
2014 | Bristol-Myers Squibb Annual Report
  “BY EVERY INDICATION, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB IS WELL POSITIONED FOR CONTINUED SUCCESS. WE HAVE THE RIGHT PRODUCTS. WE HAVE THE RIGHT PLANS. WE HAVE THE RIGHT PEOPLE.”
MESSAGE FROM THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
– Lamberto Andreotti, Chief Executive Officer
1

   2014 | Bristol-Myers Squibb Annual Report
          AT BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB, WE PUT PEOPLE AT THE CENTER OF ALL WE DO, FROM THE PATIENTS WE SERVE TO THE EMPLOYEES WHO MAKE IT ALL POSSIBLE.
  We are evolving to a diversified specialty BioPharma company in order to lead and win in the marketplace and to best fulfill our promises to our patients, customers and shareholders. Making a difference in people’s lives is what we are all about. We are united by this common goal, but each of us has our own source of inspiration that drives our success and motivates us to achieve more.
     “There are people who do a job. Then there are those who impact lives. You are among the latter.”
“I wish to express my gratitude to BMS and China Cancer Foun- dation for bringing a second life for my boy.”
“Now my life has become simple again and my quality of life has improved.”
            42

2014 | Bristol-Myers Squibb Annual Report
   On January 20, 2015, Giovanni Caforio was designated chief executive officer by the Board of Directors, effective May 5, 2015. Giovanni currently serves as chief operating officer with responsibility for leading a fully integrated worldwide commercial organization and the companywide functions of Enterprise Services and Global Manufacturing & Supply. In June 2014, Giovanni was elected to the company’s Board of Directors.
Giovanni joined Bristol-Myers Squibb in 2000 as vice president and general manager for
Italy, subsequently assumed responsibility for South-East Europe, and was appointed senior vice president, European Marketing and Brand Commercialization, in 2004. From 2007 to 2011, he helped build the company’s leadership in immuno-oncology as the head of the U.S.
and Global Oncology organizations. Giovanni made valuable contributions to the company’s strategic focus and operational performance in roles as U.S. president and chief commercial officer from 2011 to 2014. Prior to joining Bristol-Myers Squibb, Giovanni spent 12 years with Abbott Laboratories in a number of leader- ship positions. Giovanni earned his M.D. degree from the University of Rome before joining the p“harmaceutical industry.
I AM HONORED TO HAVE THE PRIVILEGE TO LEAD THIS GREAT COMPANY.”
– Giovanni Caforio, M.D.
Chief Operating Officer and CEO-Designate
the number one new oral anticoagulant prescribed by cardiologists for new-to- brand patients in the U.S. and Japan.
Laying Our Foundation
Our success in 2014 was measured not only in the results driven over the course of the year, but also in our ability to lay the foundation for the next one and beyond.
To that end, we devoted a great deal of resources – people, time and money – to building our pipeline of the future. In addition to the clinical work in immuno- oncology and hepatitis C already mentioned:
• We continued to advance new HIV agents toward late-stage development.
• We conducted mid-stage trials in fibrotic diseases.
• We entered human trials with 12 new agents for diseases, including lupus, rheu- matoid arthritis, cancer, thrombosis, fibrosis and genetically defined diseases.
We also pursued several academic collaborations and business development opportunities in immuno-oncology, oncology, fibrosis and genetically defined diseases – underscoring the fact that business development remains a top priority for us in areas aligned with our key strategic diseases.
Serving Our Communities
Throughout 2014, we continued to pursue our community-based activities across the globe and across therapeutic areas to help underserved populations and to benefit the places in which we live and work.
Our Bristol-Myers Squibb Foundation launched two new initiatives – one to expand access to specialty care for vulnerable populations in the U.S. and one to address the lung cancer epidemic in the area of the U.S. known as the “tobacco belt,” which has the highest lung cancer incidence and mortality in the country.
The Foundation also expanded our SECURE THE FUTURE program to the prevention and care for cervical and breast cancers in women living with HIV in sub-Saharan Africa. And we continued all of the work we have been doing to combat hepatitis B and C in China and India, to fight cancer in Central and Eastern Europe, and to help returning veterans and their families in the United States.
With respect to sustainability, Bristol-Myers Squibb was again ranked number
one overall on Corporate Responsibility magazine’s annual list of the “100 Best Corporate Citizens,” a leading benchmark for socially responsible investors and other stakeholders. This reflects our commitment to people, high ethical standards and progress on social and environmental sustainability.
Strengthening Our Organization
To accelerate our evolution, we made important changes to our company, begin- ning with the completion of the divestiture of our diabetes business. We refocused our commercial organization to optimize global brands and key markets. We continued to sharpen our R&D focus on specialty products. And in an effort to significantly expand our company’s biologics manufacturing capacity, we started the expansion of our plant in Devens, Massachusetts, and recently announced our plan to build a new state-of-the-art facility in Cruiserath, Ireland.
3

2014 | Bristol-Myers Squibb Annual Report
 Messa“ge from the Chairman of the Board Additionally, we made some important leadership changes.
Giovanni Caforio was promoted to Chief Operating Officer and was elected to the Board of Directors. Recently, he was also selected to serve as our next Chief Executive Officer, effective May 5.
Toward the end of the year, we expanded the role of our General Counsel and promoted Sandra Leung to Executive Vice President.
We also launched an important initiative within our company – “Who Are You Working For?” – that has focused our attention even more on the people at the center of everything we do: patients and Bristol-Myers Squibb employees. Through videos, pictures and writings, we have been sharing our personal stories of family and friends who have faced health challenges and
who inspire us to work for a company like Bristol-Myers Squibb, a company dedicated to improving people’s lives.
By asking each other “Who Are You Working For?” we have started a new conversation within Bristol-Myers Squibb – one that underscores our deep, personal connection to our work, one that motivates us to do even more.
Continuing Our Success
Taken together, 2014 was a good, important year for us – one characterized by solid results and smart investments.
By every indication, Bristol-Myers Squibb is well positioned for continued success. We have the right products. We have the right plans. We have the right people.
And as we transition to the next chapter of the Bristol-Myers Squibb story, I will be leaving my position as CEO and becoming the Chairman of our Board of Directors. Although I am certainly looking forward to this new opportunity, I will miss working along- side my friend and colleague, Jim Cornelius, who will be retiring.
I am also looking forward to working with our new CEO. Giovanni’s promotion not only guarantees a smooth transition for our leadership team; it sets the stage for a promising future for our company and for our patients.
Lamberto Andreotti Chief Executive Officer
March 5, 2015
 MORE THAN EVER, WE ARE MAKING A MEANINGFUL DIFFERENCE IN THE LIVES OF OUR PATIENTS.”
– James M. Cornelius, Chairman
I could not be more proud of our company.
Financially we are solid. Operationally we are strong. And more than ever, we are making a meaningful difference in the lives of our patients.
Over the last several years, we have transformed Bristol-Myers Squibb into a BioPharma leader. This has led to better results for our company. This has led to better outcomes for our patients.
In 2007, we launched our BioPharma Transformation. That meant a new strategy, a new focus and a new sense of the possible. Combining the best of big pharma with the best of biotech, we began a process that fundamentally changed “what” we do and “how” we do it. More innovation. More improvement. More integration.
In 2014, we accelerated that process as we evolved into a Diversified Specialty BioPharma company. We sharpened our R&D focus. We restructured our commercial organization. And we made a host of other important changes to support our evolution and to set us up for future success.
The results have already been significant. We are now leading the way across multiple therapeutic areas, making major breakthroughs in everything from immuno-oncology to virology, and we are evolving our organization to better meet the challenges of an ever-changing external environment and the needs of our ever-deserving patients.
Our company has never been stronger. Our future has never been brighter. And I have full confidence that my successor, Lamberto Andreotti, will bring the same energy, vision and passion to the position of Board Chairman that he has brought to his role of Chief Executive Officer. I also have full confidence that our next CEO, Giovanni Caforio, and the entire Bristol-Myers Squibb family will continue to build on the foundation we have established and continue delivering for our patients.
Thank you for the opportunity to serve during the last ten years.
James M. Cornelius Chairman
March 5, 2015
  4
