                 growth through
Innovation
2011 ANNUAL REPORT
      Yervoy patient and flight paramedic Bobby Harsh

                 Message from the Chief Executive Officer
We have just completed a very important year for Bristol-Myers Squibb.
Executing against our BioPharma strategy, we delivered positive results, while setting the stage for a solid future. We increased sales. We moved forward with business development. We made significant clinical advances. And we launched three new products.
In fact, last year marked a turning point for our company.
Having transformed our company over the preceding years, we were in a position to start delivering ... and that is exactly what we did. New products. New indica- tions. New markets. New business opportunities. New clinical advances. New approaches to customers.
At the heart of our BioPharma strategy has been a firm commitment to innovation – one that not only drives our growth; it also defines our company. And in 2011, it helped deliver our success.
Our Strong Financial Performance
Last year, shareholder value remained a top priority. Indeed, our 39.5 percent shareholder return was one of the industry’s best.
We grew our sales by 9 percent to over $21 billion. This was made possible by double-digit growth in several mar- kets. It was also made possible by double-digit growth in some key products, namely, Baraclude, Sprycel, Onglyza and Orencia, as well as a strong start for Yervoy.
We maintained our strong financial health through disci- plined financial allocation. This included another increase in our annual dividend, a continuation of our $3 billion share repurchase program and ending the year with
over $11.6 billion in cash and marketable securities.
This, in turn, allowed us to pursue a tailored but deter- mined business development initiative – one that is flexible in its approach and ranges from relatively simple technology agreements to outright company acquisi- tions. Known as String of Pearls, this initiative provided us with several exciting opportunities – all of which have added significantly to our long-term vision. From them, we acquired skilled people, great science and poten- tial products. Our most recent transaction involved the purchase of Inhibitex, a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company best known for its work to develop a treatment for hepatitis C and other serious infectious diseases.
Lamberto Andreotti, Chief Executive Officer
To our STockholderS
Bristol-Myers Squibb 2011 Annual Report | Page 1

                “At the heart of our BioPharma strategy has been a firm commitment to innovation – one that not only drives our growth; it also defines our company.”
Our Increasingly Diversified Portfolio
More than anything, 2011 will be remembered for our pipeline advances. Despite some recent setbacks, including having received a complete response letter for dapagliflozin, we had three new product approvals: Yervoy for metastatic melanoma, Eliquis for the prevention of venous thromboembolic events (VTE) and Nulojix for kidney transplant rejection.
Yervoy
Yervoy was a game-changer for patients. When it was launched last March, this innovative medicine for metastatic melanoma gave patients with this devastating unmet medical need something truly special: hope. For the first time in over a decade, they had a new treatment.
Indeed, prior to Yervoy, no single standard of care existed, and no therapy had demonstrated an overall survival benefit. And while its launch was followed by another new melanoma product on the market, Yervoy’s reach has continued to grow.
Eliquis
Similarly, we hope that Eliquis can become a game-changer for patients, too.
superior to aspirin in reducing the risk of stroke without a significant increase in major bleeding, fatal bleeding or intracranial bleeding.
We are expecting regulatory decisions in the U.S. and Europe on the indication for stroke prevention in patients with atrial fibrillation in 2012.
Nulojix
And Nulojix, the third new product launched last year, is a breakthrough medicine for the prevention of organ rejection in adult patients receiving
a kidney transplant. This first-in-class biologic immuno-suppressive therapy addresses a signifi- cant previously unmet medical need.
Nulojix was the first new mechanism to be approved for kidney transplants in more than a decade and now provides patients with a new therapeutic option – one that preserves the renal function of the transplanted kidney and one that also helps make long-term renal health more likely. Achieving sustained improvements in renal function has been a major challenge to overcome in the treatment of kidney transplant patients.
Our Valued Customers
To drive our BioPharma growth and to make sure that our medicines get to the patients who need them, we developed a completely new approach to customers.
Called Customers@Center, our novel, more holistic approach focuses on all aspects of the patient’s journey and all of the customers and other stakeholders involved, including physicians, nurses, payers, hospitals and of course, patients. With a deeper understanding of this journey, we are now able to deliver a superior customer experience – one that increases the impact our products have on patient lives by speeding access and facilitating understanding of how to use the products.
Our Valued People
In 2011, we intensified our focus on the people at the center of our success: our employees.
They are the ones who conduct the research, lead the clinical trials and manufacture the medicines. They are the ones who work at our regulatory approvals and who market and promote our
Page 2 | Bristol-Myers Squibb 2011 Annual Report
It was approved last year in Europe for VTE prevention in adult patients who have undergone elective hip or knee replacement surgery and
was launched in a number of EU countries. More significantly, however, we announced last sum- mer the results of a major Phase III clinical study that demonstrated Eliquis’ superiority to warfarin with respect to both safety and efficacy for stroke prevention in patients with atrial fibrillation – a common heart arrhythmia that affects an estimated 10 million patients worldwide. This is a condition that greatly increases the risk of stroke, the third leading cause of death in the U.S.
This study was a triple win in that it demonstrated a significant reduction in the risk of stroke, major bleeding and mortality – making Eliquis the first potential anticoagulant to show a significant reduction in these three areas in patients with atrial fibrillation. This complements an earlier study that demonstrated that, for patients unsuitable for therapy such as warfarin, Eliquis was statistically

                Net Sales ($B)
Diluted Earnings per Share ($)
(from continuing operations attributable to Bristol-Myers Squibb)
GAAP Non-GAAP
Dividends per Share ($)
                                                                               For further detail on management’s use of non-GAAP financial information and reconciliation to non-GAAP to GAAP EPS, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Non-GAAP Financial Measures” in the Financial Review and the “Quarterly Package of Financial Information” on the company’s web site at www.bms.com.
 company and brands. They are the ones who support all
of the others on legal, compliance, finance, human resource and communication matters. In other words, they are the ones who make it all happen.
For that reason, in 2011, we devoted a great deal of time and other resources to hire, train and develop our people. Through a series of employee-focused initiatives, we worked to strengthen our BioPharma culture by placing even greater emphasis on collaboration, innovation and excellence.
We also made some important additions to our leadership team. Specifically, we welcomed three new members – Giovanni Caforio, Lou Schmukler and Paul von Autenried – to our Senior Management Team.
Our Corporate Responsibility
And finally, in 2011, we built upon our strong tradition of corporate responsibility through a range of important activities to better our world and the people living in it.
Our Bristol-Myers Squibb Foundation philanthropic work continued in Africa (HIV/AIDS), Europe (cancer), Asia (hepatitis) and the U.S. (mental health and diabetes). We deepened our involvement with the United Nations Global Compact, a strategic policy initiative for businesses com- mitted to a series of social and environmental principles. We pursued our internal “Go Green” environmental sustainability initiatives at company sites throughout the world. And when an earthquake and tsunami devastated parts of Japan, our Foundation and many of our employees from around the globe rose to the challenge by providing support to co-workers and others affected by the crisis.
Our Exciting Future
Without question, this is a very good moment in the life
of Bristol-Myers Squibb. We see it in the numbers. We see it in the products. We see it in the engagement of our employees. We see it in the lives of the patients we serve. And I have every reason to believe that we can continue to see it – this year and in years to come.
To be sure, 2012 will pose challenges for us. Most notably, we will lose exclusivity for two of our biggest products – Plavix and Avapro – and we will face an increasingly uncertain global regulatory and economic environment.
But I am firmly confident in our future. With a robust pipeline ... a solid financial position ... a strong manage- ment team ... and a commitment to innovation that runs through every part of our organization ... our long-term growth potential and ability to deliver are real.
To that end, we will continue to seize opportunities and navigate challenges. We will continue to balance short-term results and long-term investments. We will continue striving to deliver success in everything we do.
This is what it means to be the benchmark BioPharma company – the benchmark for helping people prevail over serious diseases. The benchmark for innovation that matters.
Lamberto Andreotti Chief Executive Officer
March 8, 2012
 Bristol-Myers Squibb 2011 Annual Report | Page 3
