To Our Stockholders
2006 was a challenging transitional year for Bristol-Myers Squibb. We experienced the significant negative impact of generic competition in our pharmaceutical business, and made the difficult decision to change leadership of the company.We also achieved preliminary settlement of an investigation of drug pricing, sales and marketing practices that began many years ago. At the same time, we were successful in launching several promising new products, expanding key businesses and advancing our robust pipeline—all in areas of serious unmet medical need. As a result, Bristol-Myers Squibb is now well positioned to begin growing sales and earnings, and to build shareholder value.
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
In 2006, the company’s net earnings from continuing operations on a GAAP (Generally Accepted Accounting Principles) basis were $1.6 billion, or $0.81 per diluted share, from net sales from continuing operations of $17.9 billion. This compares to earnings of $3.0 billion, or $1.52 per diluted share, on sales of $19.2 billion in 2005. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding specified items, net earnings from continuing operations in 2006 were $2.1 billion, or $1.09 per diluted share, compared to $2.8 billion, or $1.43 per diluted share, in 2005.
Sales and earnings were adversely affected by several developments in the year. First, as expected, we lost exclusivity on Pravachol, our cholesterol-lowering medicine, in the U.S. and in several European countries. For many years, Pravachol was one of our leading products. More recently, we experienced the negative impact of generic competition with our top- selling product Plavix (clopidogrel bisulfate), an antiplatelet medicine that Bristol-Myers Squibb and sanofi-aventis (Sanofi) are codeveloping and co-commercializing around the world.
In August 2006, the Canadian pharmaceutical company Apotex launched its generic version of Plavix in the U.S., flooding the market for several weeks until sales were halted by a court order.This action by Apotex reduced our Plavix sales in the range of $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion in 2006, and was reflected in an overall 15 percent decline in Plavix sales for the year. We expect the generic supply in
the market will have a residual impact on 2007 Plavix sales.
2006 Annual Report
Bristol-Myers Squibb
1

2
Bristol-Myers Squibb
2006 Annual Report
PLAVIX SITUATION
Several years ago, Apotex filed a request with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to sell its generic clopidogrel product in the U.S., despite the existence of patents on Plavix held by Sanofi and Bristol-Myers Squibb in the U.S. and other countries. Believing our patents to be valid and infringed, we sued Apotex to protect our valuable intellectual property rights. Bristol-Myers Squibb and Sanofi had invested extensively in Plavix over more than a decade to conduct clinical research demonstrating its benefits to patients.
Because of the way U.S. law in this area
is structured, Apotex was able to apply for and receive permission to market its generic clopidogrel in the U.S., even though the dispute over the validity of the Plavix patent had not yet been settled. In early 2006, the FDA approved Apotex’s request, enabling that company to launch its generic product in the U.S., although this action could put it at risk of legal sanctions.
With these concerns in mind, the parties to the dispute entered into discussions and in March 2006 announced a tentative settlement of the patent infringement litigation. However, the government did not approve the proposed settlement, and in July we announced that the patent infringement litigation would resume. Shortly thereafter,Apotex launched its generic clopidogrel in the U.S.We responded by seeking a preliminary injunction from a Federal court to halt its further distribution.The court granted the preliminary injunction on August 31, and it remains in force.
Clearly, our Plavix business—and the com- pany’s financial strength and reputation—were seriously damaged by this turn of events. It was a major setback that we sincerely regret. Bristol-Myers Squibb and Sanofi had entered into negotiations with Apotex in good faith to pursue a workable solution benefiting all parties.
The Plavix patent trial concluded on February 15 of this year, and the court is expected to rule in the next few months. We are hopeful that the validity of our intel- lectual property rights will be upheld. In the meantime, we are encouraged that demand for Plavix continues to grow, pointing to a positive future for this therapy in helping even more patients. And we continue to invest behind the brand.
PRODUCT HIGHLIGHTS
In 2006, we launched several noteworthy pharmaceutical products:
• Orencia is a promising new treatment
option for many patients suffering from rheumatoid arthritis, a disfiguring and disabling disease that can erode quality of life and shorten lifespan. Orencia is gaining share in the U.S., and we expect to launch it in Europe later this year.
• Sprycel addresses a serious and often deadly form of chronic myelogenous leukemia in patients who are resistant to or intolerant of Gleevec, the current standard of care. Sprycel is currently being marketed in the U.S. and recently has been launched in Europe.
• Atripla is a one-tablet, once-daily combination of our Sustiva medicine and a treatment from Gilead Sciences. Atripla joins Sustiva and Reyataz in our growing portfolio of innovative therapies for HIV/AIDS.
• EMSAM, licensed from Somerset Pharma- ceuticals, is a transdermal patch that was introduced in the U.S. for treatment of serious depression in adults.
Sprycel and Orencia came from our own laboratories, and we continue to invest in extensive clinical programs exploring a range of potential uses for these promising medicines to help even more patients in the future.We are pursuing this “pipeline within a product” approach with other key products as well.
In addition to these launches, we expanded the reach of our other newer pharmaceuticals: • Erbitux, a cancer treatment that we are
codeveloping and copromoting with ImClone Systems Incorporated, continues to grow as a treatment for both advanced refractory colorectal cancer and, more recently, head and neck cancer.
• Abilify, an antipsychotic therapy that we are codeveloping and copromoting with Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., is benefiting from additional formulations that were approved in 2006.
• Baraclude, a treatment for chronic hepatitis B, continues to gain share, including in Asia where the disease is widespread.We currently are launching Baraclude in Japan as well as in Europe.
• The FDA approved a 300 mg single capsule formulation of Reyataz in combination therapy for adults with HIV-1.
In 2006, all of our key pharmaceuticals—
with the exception of Plavix—grew at solid double-digit rates. Several additional products approached or surpassed the $1 billion mark in total revenue or sales including: Abilify, Reyataz and—in our Mead Johnson Nutritionals busi- ness—the Enfamil infant formula line.
Mead Johnson and our other related health care companies—ConvaTec and Bristol-Myers Squibb Medical Imaging—continue to provide strength and stability for the company, partic- ularly in this transitional time for our pharma- ceutical portfolio. Many of our key health care brands have solid additional growth potential, including Mead Johnson in Asia and Latin America, where market expansion is robust.

JAMES D. ROBINSON III
Chairman of the Board (left)
and
JAMES M. CORNELIUS
Chief Executive Officer
PIPELINE ACHIEVEMENTS
Our pipeline continued to move forward in 2006. In addition to the new drug launches already mentioned, we transitioned one com- pound—apixaban, potentially for deep vein thrombosis—to late-stage (Phase III) develop- ment.We now have six compounds in Phase III, all addressing areas of significant unmet medical need.Three of those six—ixabepilone, vinflunine and ipilimumab—are in oncology, an area of historical strength for Bristol-Myers Squibb.
Our pipeline productivity is tied to several factors. First, we have consistently increased our investments in research and development, even during the past five years, when exclusivity losses drained substantial sums from our revenue base. Second, we restructured and refocused our R&D organization to improve processes, enhance quality of drug candidates and increase efficiency in clinical development.
Finally, in this era of cost and pricing pressures on our industry, we believe it is critically impor- tant to strategically manage our pipeline to ensure efficient use of resources and effectively manage risk and uncertainty.To that end, Bristol-Myers Squibb has successfully pursued a number of strategic partnerships with biotech and other pharmaceutical companies to strengthen our product portfolio, enhance our technology and sustain the productivity of our pipeline.
Earlier this year, we announced a worldwide collaboration with AstraZeneca to codevelop and co-commercialize saxagliptin and dapagliflozin, two of our diabetes compounds in development.We concluded a similar agreement with Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., for saxagliptin in Japan. Consistent with our strategy, these collaborations will enable us to share costs and risks for these innovative potential products in an area of significant unmet medical need.
GROWING IMPORTANCE OF BIOLOGICS
In the fight against serious disease, biologics— protein-derived therapies—are playing an increasingly prominent role. Erbitux and Orencia are biologics, as are ipilimumab, for cancer, and belatacept, for solid organ transplant rejection, in our pipeline. Producing biologics is complex and costly, and we are making significant invest- ments to build our capabilities in this area.
We began several years ago with the conversion of our long-standing manufacturing site in Syracuse, New York, to a biologics center of excellence. In 2006, we announced nearly $1 billion in new commitments to biologics manufacturing, including the expansion of an existing plant in Puerto Rico and the con- struction of a new state-of-the-art facility in Devens, Massachusetts. We are looking forward to breaking ground at the Devens location this year.
ORGANIZATIONAL CHANGES
The company made several leadership changes in 2006. In September, we announced the departure of Peter R. Dolan as chief executive officer and the appointment of James M. Cornelius, a member of the Board of Directors, as CEO on an interim basis. Peter had been the prime architect behind the company’s strategic focus on serious diseases, and we are grateful for his many successes in executing the strategy and putting Bristol-Myers Squibb on a solid path forward.The search for a new CEO is continuing under the lead- ership of Jim Robinson, who is working closely with a Board committee in this effort.
The company also promoted Andrew R. J. Bonfield, chief financial officer, and Elliott Sigal, M.D., Ph.D., chief scientific officer and president, Pharmaceutical Research Institute, to executive vice president.They join Lamberto Andreotti, president,Worldwide Pharmaceuticals, who earlier had been named executive vice presi- dent.These three executives have played critical roles in developing and executing our strategy, and—together with many other outstanding leaders across the company— are committed to our success.
2006 Annual Report
Bristol-Myers Squibb
3
 
4
Bristol-Myers Squibb
2006 Annual Report
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND COMPLIANCE
There have been several key developments in the corporate governance and compliance areas. In 2006, the Board amended the bylaws of the company to adopt a majority voting standard for directors, and more recently it adopted a corporate governance guideline requiring a supermajority of independent directors to approve the compensation of the CEO.We believe these measures will further enhance accountability and transparency, and benefit our stockholders as well as our other stakeholders.
Compliance remains a top priority for all of us at Bristol-Myers Squibb.The compliance processes and mechanisms that the company put in place over the past several years are operating well, and we are always looking for
additional ways to strengthen this commitment. Intensive employee training on compliance matters continues, and we were honored to receive a “best practices” award in November 2006 from an organization of compliance professionals, recognizing our U.S. Healthcare Law Compliance Field Handbook.
Late last year, we announced an agreement in principle with the U.S. Department of Justice and the U.S. Attorney in Massachusetts to settle several investigations involving the company’s drug pricing, and sales and marketing activities.These investigations began several years ago. As part of the civil resolution, the company agreed to pay $499 million and enter into a corporate integrity agreement with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. We hope to conclude that agreement later
this year.We also are cooperating fully with the ongoing investigation by the Antitrust Division of the U.S. Department of Justice relating to the proposed settlement of the Plavix litigation.
As you will recall, the company is operating under a Deferred Prosecution Agreement with the U.S. Attorney in New Jersey. We continue to work closely with the Monitor appointed by the U.S. Attorney to ensure
full compliance with the letter and spirit of the agreement.
 OUR PHARMACEUTICAL DEVELOPMENT PIPELINE
Bristol-Myers Squibb researchers are dedicated to discovering and developing innovative medicines that address serious unmet medical needs in key disease areas. Those areas, listed in the chart at right, were selected with an emphasis on where there remain significant patient needs as well as opportuni- ties for leadership by the company.
Compounds and research programs in Discovery are at
the earliest stages of research. Compounds in Exploratory Development are in preclinical
or early clinical development. Full Development compounds are investigational drugs that are in late-stage clinical development or have been submitted to regulatory agencies for approval. Life Cycle Management compounds are among approved medicines that are
driving current and future growth while also undergoing continued clinical development to determine whether additional indications and formulations will benefit patients.
Throughout the Special Report beginning on page 7, we call attention to the importance of our ongoing clinical trials and we highlight responses from some of our individual clinical trial patients. While results may be unpredictable for any one participant in an individual experimental study, these personal accounts illustrate the importance of participation in clinical trials, which are essential to the development of the next generation of medical innovation. The true test is whether we can document a real clinical benefit across a significant number of research participants.
Our ability to bring new products to patients in need and to find new uses for our current products is dependent upon our demonstrating safety and efficacy and a favorable benefit-risk rela- tionship via systematic testing
in patients who volunteer to participate in our studies.
Like any other scientific endeavor, clinical testing of novel compounds is a complex, time- consuming, resource-intensive process with no guaranteed results. Bristol-Myers Squibb is committed to pursuing such clinical develop- ment and, in doing so, helping patients to prevail.

 Oncology
EXPLORATORY DISCOVERY DEVELOPMENT
•••••••••••••  •••••••
  ••••••••
FULL DEVELOPMENT
••• •
•
LIFE CYCLE MANAGEMENT
•• ••
••
• •• •
DISEASE AREAS OF FOCUS
 Cardiovascular & Metabolic Diseases
Cancer
Atherosclerosis/ Thrombosis
Diabetes
Obesity
Psychiatric Disorders
Virology Immunology
  ••••••
 ••••••••
•••••••••••
•••
•••
•••
••• •••
••••••
•
•••
• • • •••
   Neuroscience
  Alzheimer’s Disease
Hepatitis
HIV/AIDS
Rheumatoid Arthritis
Solid Organ Transplant Rejection
•••••
• Discovered internally • In-licensed or discovery alliance program
     •
 GOALS FOR 2007 AND BEYOND
Following a productive 2006, we are now focused on executing our strategy to maximize shareholder value. Assuming that we are successful in defending the Plavix patent—as well as growing our key products and advancing our pipeline—we expect sales and earnings to increase this year. And with few exclusivity losses expected in the near term, we are looking to sustain and build on this growth over the next several years.
Still, the overall environment is challenging for all companies across the pharmaceutical industry. Pricing pressures in particular are growing, including in the U.S., where the new prescription drug benefit under Medicare is having an impact.
To maintain our forward momentum, we must constantly examine our cost base to ensure that—to the maximum extent possi- ble—it is supporting investment in growth opportunities. Over the past year, we made
solid progress with our productivity initiative, and are on track to achieve more than $500 million in cost reductions in 2007 alone.
These savings are not solely the result of onetime spending cuts but rather reflect a systematic approach aimed at streamlining processes, simplifying governance and perma- nently removing low-value work. In this respect, they are part of a larger—and critical—effort to transform our company into a more efficient, flexible and dynamic organization for the future.
This year we plan to look for additional opportunities to drive efficiencies and reduce costs, again largely by scrutinizing the way we operate as a business.We cannot pretend this process will be painless. Across our entire industry, companies are facing difficult choices as they restructure. For us, it is important to lead this process in a way that builds strength, confidence and commitment to a better future for Bristol-Myers Squibb.
More than ever, science is our company’s foundation, and in many respects our success is determined by our focus on scientific excellence.We see this commitment every day in the outstanding work of our R&D organi- zation—and in the efforts of our thousands of other employees who transform innovative research into the products and services that extend and enhance human life.
Excellence in science is also a priority
of the Board, and we were pleased last year to welcome two new members who have strong backgrounds in science and medicine. Vicki L. Sato, Ph.D., is professor of management practice at Harvard Business School and professor of the practice in the Department of Molecular and Cell Biology at Harvard University. R. Sanders Williams, M.D., is senior vice chancellor for academic affairs at Duke University Medical Center and dean of Duke University School of Medicine.
2006 Annual Report
Bristol-Myers Squibb
5

Drs. Sato and Williams serve on the Board’s Science and Technology Committee, which was established last year.The Committee is chaired by Laurie H. Glimcher, M.D., Irene Heinz Given Professor of Immunology, Harvard School of Public Health, and professor of medicine, Harvard Medical School, who has been a member of the Board since 1997.
We believe it is imperative for the Board to be fully involved in developing and over- seeing the company’s R&D strategy, and in assessing the opportunities—and risks—in that strategy.
We also want to welcome to the Board Michael Grobstein, who is a distinguished retired vice chairman of Ernst & Young. He will serve on the Board’s Audit Committee.
TOGETHER WE CAN PREVAIL
Ultimately, through our efforts in science, business and many other areas, we aim to help patients prevail in their fight against serious disease.That is the heart of our mission and the guiding spirit behind our strategy. It inspires us to succeed as a company and build value for our stockholders. Our 43,000 employees have demonstrated extraordinary commitment and resiliency during these challenging times, as they stayed focused on our mission and values.
We help people prevail with innovative products that make a difference in their lives. We also help by providing free medicines
to patients in need, and by seeking to reduce health disparities around the world through the work of the Bristol-Myers Squibb Foundation. Last year, the company provided free medications worth more than $400 million to approximately 570,000 people in the U.S., and—together with the Foundation— contributed $87 million to health, education and community projects around the world.
In Africa, our $150 million SECURE THE FUTURE initiative continues to make head- way in the fight against HIV/AIDS by providing community-based treatment and care.
We opened our third pediatric AIDS clinic
in Africa—in Swaziland—and have broken ground on similar centers in Burkina Faso and Uganda.These centers, funded by Bristol-Myers Squibb, are operating in part- nership with Baylor College of Medicine
and national governments, and are bringing critically needed medical care to thousands
of children and their families living with HIV.
In the Special Report that follows, you
will learn about some remarkable people who have prevailed over significant health challenges with great courage and determination.We are proud that our company could play a part in their inspiring stories.As we look ahead, we are excited by the prospect of helping to create many more stories of
hope and triumph.That vision will continue to drive us to make Bristol-Myers Squibb
the best it possibly can be.
JAMES D. ROBINSON III
Chairman of the Board
JAMES M. CORNELIUS
Chief Executive Officer
March 7, 2007
  6
Bristol-Myers Squibb
2006 Annual Report
