 2016
2
2016 was an important year for Bristol-Myers Squibb. We delivered strong operational and financial results. We expanded the indications and market performance of our PD-1 inhibitor Opdivo. We advanced Eliquis towards leadership in the prevention of stroke for patients with atrial fibrillation. We advanced a broad and deep portfolio and pipeline of opportunities in Immuno-Oncology and in core specialty therapeutic areas such as cardiovascular, fibrosis and immunoscience. And we continued our work in underserved communities to make healthcare accessible to those who need it.
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
We also focused on the future, continuing to advance our Biopharma strategy by initiating an important operating model evolution aimed at focusing our resources on the most important priorities for our business.
It was a year in which we further strengthened our platform for creating value, recognizing our responsibility to shareholders to build long-term, sustainable growth through innovation that
GLOBAL SALES by region
UNITED STATES 55%
EUROPE 22%
makes a difference, today and tomorrow.
And throughout 2016, in every part of our organization and in every part of the world, our work continued to be driven by an unwavering commitment to the people at the center of every- thing we do – our patients and their families. They are the reason for our focus on transformational medicines. They are the reason we worked harder and faster to deliver our results.
23% REST OF THE WORLD & OTHER includes Japan (7%)
“In every part of our organization and in every part of the world, our work continued to be driven by an unwavering commitment to the people at the center of everything we do – our patients and their families.”
- Giovanni Caforio, M.D., Chief Executive Officer
| Bristol-Myers Squibb Annual Report |

 Delivering for Today
With respect to our overall operating performance, 2016 was an outstanding year. We exceeded our budget targets and deliv- ered $19.4 billion in revenue – 17% growth over the preceding year. This was due to double-digit growth in a number of key markets and across much of our portfolio.
As a result of our strong operating per- formance, we achieved 2016 GAAP EPS of $2.65 and Non-GAAP EPS of $2.83, which represents growth of over 150% and 41% vs. the previous year, respectively.
Much of our success in 2016 was driven
by the strength of our Immuno-Oncology portfolio with revenues of nearly $5 billion. Opdivo sales reached $3.8 billion, as a result of a strong uptake across all tumor types. Yervoy sales in the U.S. started to grow again, due to the adoption of the combina- tion regimen in melanoma.
Tackling the hardest-to-treat cancers is challenging, and we saw this first-hand last August with the negative outcome of Checkmate 026, our Opdivo monotherapy clinical trial in 1st line lung cancer. We have integrated important lessons learned from this trial into our broad development program in lung cancer, and we believe our medicines will continue to play an important role in improving treatment outcomes for this deadly disease.
More generally, we further broadened the label for Opdivo, which is now approved in the U.S. for 11 indications in six tumor types – an unprecedented accomplishment
in just over two years. This includes a new indication in head and neck cancer, which was achieved late in the year, as well as in bladder cancer, which was achieved early in 2017. We also saw Opdivo grow outside the U.S., with significant regulatory approvals in the European Union and Japan.
Beyond Immuno-Oncology, other key growth drivers for our strong 2016 results included the anti-coagulant Eliquis, which delivered $3.3 billion in sales – an 80% increase over the previous year. Eliquis has become a leading oral anti-coagulant globally for stroke prevention in patients with atrial fibrillation. In the U.S., we established the leadership of Eliquis in cardiology in terms of the number of total prescriptions, surpassing warfarin, the long-time standard of care. Additionally, we made good progress in the overall market, which includes primary care physicians.
Orencia and Sprycel performed very well in 2016. Both experienced double-digit growth with $2.3 billion and $1.8 billion in sales, respectively.
The company and its partner Ono also secured an important patent litigation settlement, signing a global license agreement to settle all patent-infringe- ment litigation related to Merck’s PD-1 antibody Keytruda* (pembrolizumab).
This settlement was a critical milestone
for Bristol-Myers Squibb in protecting
our intellectual property rights as the early innovators in the science of PD-1, a key mechanism in Immuno-Oncology that PAGE 4
These accomplishments represent just the latest in a string of impressive leadership milestones achieved in 2016:
ELIQUIS
#1
IN THE U.S.
• Total prescriptions for all indications and all specialties among novel anti- coagulants (NOACs)
• New-to-brand
prescriptions for all
indications and all 2016 specialties among
oral anti-coagulants,
including warfarin
• Reached #1 in hospital/institutional sales among NOACs
GLOBAL MARKETS
80% year-over- year growth
Across indications, approved in more than 90 countries worldwide
ESTIMATED
5.5M
PEOPLE
treated with Eliquis worldwide since launch
• •
3
| Bristol-Myers Squibb Annual Report |
s

                2016
DELIVERING by the NUMBERS
$19.4 BILLION
in revenue
17%
GROWTH VS. 2015
Opdivo
$3.8 BILLION
Eliquis
$3.3 BILLION
Orencia
$2.3 BILLION
Sprycel
$1.8 BILLION
has proven to have transformational impact in cancer care. We will continue to assert our intellectual property rights in this important field and to defend our scientific discoveries.
Delivering for Tomorrow
Throughout the year, we also focused efforts on building our future. This was very clear in the work we did to develop and enhance our promising pipeline of transformational medicines.
Towards the end of the year, we started to see data from our next wave pipeline in Immuno-Oncology, with three of these new assets potentially entering registrational studies in 2017. In addition, we expect over a dozen data readouts spanning multiple tumor types that could further broaden the label
of Opdivo and Yervoy over the next couple of years.
Lung cancer remains a priority for Bristol-Myers Squibb, and we made important progress in our studies in combina- tion therapies, which are at the core of our strategy. In fact, we have several ongoing Phase III combination programs to address the urgent need for improved treatment options for patients with lung cancer.
We also advanced our early pipeline in cardiovascular, immunoscience and fibrosis, where we expect to see important data readouts beginning in 2017. These programs address areas of high unmet medical need, such as heart failure, lupus and non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH). Many of these are first-in-class molecules, with the potential to be best-in-class.
4 Hepatitis C Franchise $1.6 BILLION
Yervoy
$1.1 BILLION
$4.9 BILLION
INVESTED
IN R&D
We have always recognized the importance of acquiring innovation externally, and 2016 was an important year for business development at Bristol-Myers Squibb. Our business development activity continued to enhance our key disease areas of focus and spanned partnerships with academia, biotech and larger companies. We acquired Cormorant Pharmaceuticals, which broadens the company’s oncology pipeline focus on the tumor microenvironment, and Padlock Therapeutics, which expands the company’s immunoscience pipeline. We signed license agreements with Nitto Denko PAGE 6
WINNING in IMMUNO-ONCOLOGY
10
NEW I-O COMPOUNDS in clinical development
TRIALS IN
35
tumor types
            | Bristol-Myers Squibb Annual Report |
s

  JEFF JULIAN
COMPETITOR. COACH. CANCER SURVIVOR.“
As head coach of the Rose Bowl Aquatics for more than ten years, an eight-time All-American at the University of Southern California (USC) and a champion swimmer since he was an adolescent, Jeff Julian has always known what it takes to succeed.
But in early January 2015, he made this announcement on social media: “Dear Friends, Family and Loved Ones, My world has been rocked today.”
Doctors had just given him the diagnosis of stage IV lung cancer.
‘A Nagging Pain’
Ever since the previous summer, Jeff hadn't felt right. “We had a lot of athletes in the water that had a lot of potential, and a lot of goals that we were shooting for,” he recalls. “Then I started feeling pains in my back.”
An x-ray revealed a large mass in Jeff's left lung. Subsequent scans revealed extensive metastases. “My prognosis was
six to 12 months,” says Jeff. The hardest part, he says, was sitting down with Trenton, his 17-year-old son, to talk about the diagnosis.
“I wasn't ready,” he says. “I wasn't ready to leave my family. Basically what I kept repeating was, ‘I can’t, I can’t, I can’t.’
I couldn't leave my son, couldn't leave my wife.”
At first, his doctors gave Jeff and his wife, Kristine, little reason for hope. But then an oncologist at the University of California
Los Angeles Medical Center mentioned a clinical trial with a combination therapy of two new immunotherapy drugs, ipilimumab and nivolumab. Studies of this combination therapy for the treatment of lung cancer are continuing.
Jeff enrolled and after 12 weeks of treatment, the first scans showed his tumors had shrunk significantly. They continued to shrink and are now substantially smaller than their original size.
Inspiring Others
In July 2016, Jeff returned to his alma mater and was named the USC Trojans’ men’s and women’s assistant coach. He also continues to coach his son, an aspiring Olympian.
“If I can live my life and inspire others to live their lives more fully, then I’m blessed.” Jeff says.
DEAR FRIENDS‚ FAMILY AND LOVED ONES, MY WORLD HAS BEEN ROCKED TODAY.”
2016
5
  | Bristol-Myers Squibb Annual Report |

   Dr. Alan Anderson of Texas Children’s Hospital examining a cancer patient in Botswana.
Global HOPE: Addressing Childhood Cancer and Blood Disorders in Africa
When a child is diagnosed with a life-threatening disease such as cancer, parents cling to hope that their child will survive. But hope is often disproportionate depending on where you live.
2016 In Africa, more than 100,000 children will develop cancer this year, and the vast majority will die
for a targeted siRNA therapy in advanced NASH and with PsiOxus Therapeutics for an “armed” oncolytic virus to address solid tumors. Our collaboration with Enterome focused on microbiome-derived biomarkers and drug targets to be developed as therapeutics for cancer.
In order to ensure resources are applied to the most import- ant opportunities, the company initiated an evolution of our operating model – one that is strengthening our ability to seize opportunities in an increasingly challenging environment.
Delivering for Underserved Communities
Throughout the year, we continued to build and execute programs to help ensure that all patients have access to health care, including our medicines. Through our Bristol-Myers Squibb Foundation, we promoted health equity and better health outcomes for people around the world. Through our Patient Assistance programs, we provided medicines to patients with financial challenges.
Taken together, our commitment to access has been focused on populations in need with a global scope. It has included HIV and cancer in Africa as well as hepatitis C in Asia.
It has included cancer care for vulnerable populations, as well as mental health care for veterans in the U.S. And this commitment has included several other programs, including those that help patients who need temporary help paying for their medication.
In 2016, our commitment to good citizenship extended beyond these initiatives. We continued our work with the United Nations Global Compact, as well as our “Go Green” activi- ties at Bristol-Myers Squibb sites to promote sustainability. We provided disaster relief to support affected populations in Haiti, Ecuador and Japan. And we joined the White House Moonshot Initiative, as we share its goal of accelerating new treatments and, eventually, finding a cure for cancer.
6
because they have little access to diagnostic and treatment services. This is a stark contrast to high-income countries where 80 percent of pediatric cancer patients will survive.
Led by the Bristol-Myers Squibb Foundation’s SECURE THE FUTURE® program, the Global HOPE (Hematology-Oncology Pediatric Excellence) initiative will address the lack of diagnosis, treat- ment and care in pediatric hematology-oncology in southern and eastern Africa.
Together with the Texas Children’s Cancer and Hematology Centers and Baylor College of Medicine International Pediatric AIDS Initiative at Texas Children’s Hospital, the Bristol-Myers Squibb Foundation will partner with the governments of Botswana, Malawi and Uganda to develop a com- prehensive treatment network and provide financial and in-kind resources to the program.
Through a combined grant of $100 million, the group will work over the next five years to help create an innovative pediatric hematology-oncology treatment network that will help build long-term capacity to treat and dramatically improve the prognosis of thousands of children with blood dis- orders and cancer in southern and eastern Africa.
We also put in place an exciting new initiative to provide cancer care to children in sub-Saharan Africa. Formally
PAGE 8
   | Bristol-Myers Squibb Annual Report |
s

  F I N D I N G P U R P O S E I N A C A N C E R D I A G N O“S I S
K.T. Jones was getting fitted for a tuxedo for his wedding when he noticed his bow tie wasn’t cooperating.
“I couldn’t get the tie straight,” he recalled. “Every time I adjusted the tie it would always be slightly slanted.”
It was then that he noticed a lump in his neck.
Though he thought he had just pulled a muscle
at the gym the day before, K.T. visited a nearby hospital where a physician examined the lump and told him to have a biopsy as soon as he got home from his honeymoon.
Shortly after celebrating his marriage to his wife, Kristine, tests revealed K.T. had Hodgkin lymphoma.
“I thought my life was getting ready to begin, not come to
an end,” he said. For the next decade, K.T. juggled family life and work with chemotherapy treatments and ultimately heart-breaking news that his cancer had once again recurred.
“I’d have good results and then shortly after stopping treatments, the cancer would start to grow again,” said K.T., who lives in Delaware. “I didn’t have any other option than to keep trying.”
After nearly 12 years of battling Hodgkin lymphoma and one treatment after another, an oncologist told K.T. that he only had a few months to live and that he better get his affairs in order. Rather than tell his wife the grim news, K.T. got determined.
After countless hours of research on the internet, K.T.’s perseverance led to a clinical trial for nivolumab in 2013.
“If I didn’t continue to push, I would have never found it,” K.T. recalled. “But I hammered on and it was that fight that got me into a clinical trial.”
K.T. soon started to feel better and his health improved. Nearly four years later, K.T.’s latest tests did not detect any cancer. He and Kristine enjoy quality time together, he’s taken up walking every day and he’s followed his artistic passion by becoming a freelance photographer.
He’s also filled with a new sense of purpose.
“I know other people who are fighting cancer now who I’ve helped find clinical trials,” K.T. said. “That’s my purpose for being here.”
I THOUGHT MY LIFE WAS GETTING READY TO BEGIN, NOT COME TO AN END.”
K.T. JONES
2016
7
  | Bristol-Myers Squibb Annual Report |

        2016
ACHIEVEMENTS
SELECTION OF AWARDS AND RECOGNITIONS
Ranked among the top 10 on Corporate Responsibility magazine’s list of the 100 Best Corporate Citizens for the 8th consecutive year.
Recognized by Forbes as one of America’s Best Employers for 2016. Our employees are committed to our mission to discover, develop and deliver innovative medicines that help patients prevail over serious diseases.
Honored by the National Gay & Lesbian Chamber of Commerce in collaboration with its partners in the National Business Inclusion Consortium as a Top 30 Best-of-the-Best company.
2016 Working Mother 100 Best Companies - the 19th consecutive year that our company has made the list. The company was recognized for on-and near-site childcare options and full benefit eligibility.
launched in 2017, Global HOPE is a first-of-its-kind pediatric hematology- oncology treatment network – one designed to develop capacity and infrastructure to treat and dramatically improve the prognosis and outcomes of thousands of children with cancer in southern and eastern Africa.
Strengthening Our Company Culture
Throughout the past year, we contin- ued our focus on the 25,000 people who make it all possible – our extraordinary colleagues around the world.
We placed an increased priority on making sure that the experience of Bristol-Myers Squibb employees is engaging, challenging and rewarding. We increased our focus on diversity and on creating a powerfully inclusive work experience. We launched our new global People & Business Resource Groups (PBRGs), an evolution of the U.S.- based Employee Resource Groups, which leverage employees’ business insights and diverse perspectives. And we advanced our WorkPlace initiative, making significant physical changes to buildings and offices to create an even more energizing, collaborative work environment.
At Bristol-Myers Squibb, our people are our competitive advantage, and throughout 2016, we continued to celebrate and strengthen that fact.
Looking Forward
As I look ahead, I am excited by the tremendous opportunities we have
to advance the science and continue making a difference in the lives of our patients and their families. It is through this important work that we will deliver long-term value for our shareholders.
The appointment of Dr. Thomas Lynch, Jr. as our Chief Scientific Officer is an important step in our evolution as our company transitions to its next phase of growth. Tom brings a unique perspec- tive to our business through his deep experience as a clinical researcher, leader of large research centers and a practicing physician. We are fortunate to have him leading our R&D organization.
Building on our progress in 2016, we are well positioned to navigate the increasing complexity and competi- tiveness of our industry, including the very important conversations about pricing and access. We will continue to draw on the energy, vision and diversity of our workforce to discover, develop and deliver transformational medicines. And we will continue to do all that
we can to make sure that all patients – regardless of their circumstances – have access to quality healthcare.
This is who we are. This is what we do.
Giovanni Caforio, M.D., Chief Executive Officer March 9, 2017
    8
        | Bristol-Myers Squibb Annual Report |

 “We believe the strength of our science and having the best people in the business position us well to continue delivering innovation that make a difference in the
lives of patients.”
- Lamberto Andreotti, Chairman
 As I retire from the Board of Directors – after nearly
20 years with the company – I have been reflecting on the significant transformation that Bristol-Myers Squibb has undergone to become a leading Biopharma company known for its innovation and focus on patients. We have become a company known for leading scientific discoveries and inno- vative medicines focused on the most challenging diseases. And we continue to evolve and change today, knowing that we must sustain the platform for long-term value creation.
In 1998, I joined Bristol-Myers Squibb because I wanted to work for a company that was making a difference in people’s lives, particularly those struggling with cancer. Over a decade later, I was given the extraordinary opportunity to lead that company – to take that company to the next level and help it reach its potential.
I became Chief Executive Officer at a pivotal and exciting time for Bristol-Myers Squibb. We had just made our
way through a period of adjustment and were in the midst of our Biopharma transformation. We faced unprecedented challenges and opportunities as we transformed Bristol- Myers Squibb to better compete in an ever-changing external environment.
Without question, we rose to the challenges and seized the opportunities, and by 2015, when I stepped down as CEO, Bristol-Myers Squibb was widely recognized for pioneering the promising field of Immuno-Oncology, for having an increasingly diversified portfolio of innovative medicines and for delivering strong shareholder return.
Over the past two years, Giovanni has continued to evolve
our company, and I am confident that we are well positioned
for long-term growth. Today, we are highly focused on transformational medicines in core therapeutic areas, such 2016 as oncology, cardiovascular, fibrosis and immunoscience. In
this innovation-based industry, there are unique challenges and risks, as we have experienced in the recent past, but
I believe the strength of our science and having the best people in the business position us well to continue delivering innovation that makes a difference in the lives of patients.
There is no better example of this than the addition of
Dr. Thomas Lynch, Jr. as our company’s new Chief Scientific
Officer. His experience and focus on patients over his career 9 makes him the right choice to lead our R&D organization.
In closing, I also want to welcome the three new Directors who recently joined our company’s Board – Bob Bertolini, Matt Emmens and Ted Samuels. Each brings to our company important experience and skills that will further strengthen and complement our Board.
As Bristol-Myers Squibb continues to evolve and grow, our focus on our patients and our people will continue to set us apart. It’s why I am so proud of our company. It’s why I am so excited for our future.
Thank you.
Lamberto Andreotti, Chairman March 9, 2017
Message from the Chairman of the Board
    | Bristol-Myers Squibb Annual Report |
