To Our Stockholders:
Over the past few years, we have stayed tightly focused on achieving our near-term goals—of launching new products, advancing our pipeline and investing in our busi- ness—while also building toward a long-term vision for Bristol-Myers Squibb. We’ve made good progress toward those goals, but we know that even more is required. The reason is clear: We want to be a health care leader for the future—to make a differ- ence for generations to come. And to do this, we need to build long-term growth and strong financial performance for the company, even as we strive every day to realize our mission of extending and enhancing human life.
To achieve this future of growth and leadership, we’re transforming the company in several important ways:
We’re executing a strategy to sharpen our focus on areas of significant medical need, where we can establish leadership with innovative products.
We’re renewing our company’s culture—how we work—to drive superior perform- ance with the strongest possible commitment to accountability and ethical conduct.
We’re interpreting our mission as broadly as possible by further expanding access to innovative therapies, as well as by building additional health care capacity in parts of the world where disease and poverty have taken a toll.
Bristol-Myers Squibb accomplished a great deal in all these areas in 2004. Specifically, we...
• increased sales of our growth drivers, including our three newest medicines—ERBITUX, Reyataz and Abilify—as well as other key in-line therapies, Plavix and Avapro/Avalide;
• advanced our late-stage pipeline, launching one new drug in the U.S. and two in Europe, and moving three late-stage compounds into the regulatory approval process;
• boosted sales significantly in our Health Care businesses, which provide critical growth and stability for the company;
• strengthened compliance, accounting and financial reporting;
• provided free and discounted medicines to more than 1 million people in need; and
• helped build critical community-based health care infrastructure as part of
the company’s larger initiative to address the HIV/AIDS pandemic in southern and West Africa.
Bristol-Myers Squibb Company 2004 Annual Report
 –1–

 Chairman’s Letter
 Opportunities, Challenges and Prospects
The company’s total net sales from continuing operations increased 4 percent in 2004. Our overall performance was helped by the growth of new and in-line pharmaceutical products, the strength of our Health Care businesses and the impact of a weaker dollar.
While earnings were ahead of both our plan and the consensus view of the investment community, they declined from the prior year. This was largely due to the ongoing impact of the loss of exclusivity on several important pharmaceutical products in the U.S., including Monopril, Paraplatin and Glucovance.
Exclusivity losses remain a challenge in the near term for both Bristol-Myers Squibb and indeed the entire pharmaceutical industry. Over the next five years, U.S. patents will expire across the industry on more than 70 key products that in 2004 realized more than $70 billion in total revenue.
Our industry also continues to face steadily increasing costs associated with research and develop- ment. At the same time, many governments and other payors are putting downward pressure on drug prices, and are urging companies to concentrate on finding new medicines that provide meaningful rather than only marginal benefits over existing therapies. Safety has become an even more important focus
of attention.
In light of these realities, we came to a pretty straightforward conclusion: Pharmaceutical compa- nies, including Bristol-Myers Squibb, have to change fundamentally if they want to continue to thrive, both as engines of innovation and improvement in health care and as successful growth-oriented businesses.
It’s vital that our company and industry be—and be seen as—an essential, constructive and vibrant part
of the solution to the rapidly evolving health care needs and challenges of tomorrow.
Bristol-Myers Squibb is implementing a transfor- mational strategy designed to help us achieve this goal. Two years ago, we revisited our pipeline projects, prod- uct portfolio and business model—carefully evaluating
Peter R. Dolan, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
the changing environmental factors affecting our com- pany and sector—to find better ways to build leader- ship and growth for the future. We decided the greatest opportunity lay in focusing our pharmaceutical busi- ness on 10 specific disease areas of significant unmet need where innovative medicines can help people with serious illnesses.
These areas are cancer, HIV/AIDS, affective (psy- chiatric) disorders, diabetes, atherosclerosis/thrombosis, hepatitis, rheumatoid arthritis, obesity, Alzheimer’s disease and solid organ transplant rejection.
We’re now more than halfway through a five-year shift in our pharmaceutical portfolio that supports this strategy and should position us well for the future. Still, as I have said before, although our sales of new and existing products will largely offset the decline in sales from products losing exclusivity, our earnings per share will continue to come under pres- sure through the remainder of the transitional period, including this year and next.
There are several reasons for this. Generally, our growth drivers are carrying lower margins than the
 –2–
 
products losing exclusivity. And we’ll have to continue investing significantly in research and development and R&D growth. I strongly believe that investing
in our pipeline opportunities is the right thing to
do for the long term—even if it has a negative impact on earnings in the short term.
We expect this picture to turn around in 2007. Beginning then, our exposure to further exclusivity losses will be greatly reduced for several years. And our new products should begin contributing meaningfully to both revenue and earnings growth.
This scenario assumes continued exclusivity for Plavix, an antiplatelet medicine that has become our leading product, with sales of $3.3 billion in 2004.
Executing Our Strategy
Let me now provide some more details about our progress in executing the strategy over the past year and our plans for 2005.
Thanks to the growth of our newer and in-line products, the gains in the pipeline and a number of important licensing achievements, we now have a grow- ing presence—or a potentially meaningful presence—in nearly all of the disease areas I mentioned earlier.
In cancer, we have ERBITUX, a treatment for advanced refractory colorectal cancer that we’re codeveloping and comarketing with ImClone Systems Incorporated. Since its launch in the U.S. at the beginning of 2004, ERBITUX has been helping
The primary patent for Plavix—which confers exclu- sivity in the U.S. until 2011—is currently being chal- lenged by several generic drug companies. We believe the patent is valid and has been infringed by the generics companies, and—together with our alliance partner Sanofi-Aventis—we are defending it vigorously.
While our strategy is focused primarily on trans- forming our pharmaceutical business, our non-phar- maceutical Health Care businesses—Mead Johnson Nutritionals, ConvaTec and Medical Imaging—have contributed greatly to the company’s financial strength and stability in 2004, while also helping us fulfill
our overriding mission.
Collectively, these businesses delivered year-over-
year profit growth of nearly 20 percent, and now account for approximately one quarter of overall earnings and 20 percent of net sales. They continue to generate solid growth, thanks to innovation and market expansion, and they will continue to be important to the company’s future.
thousands of people with colorectal cancer. We hope it can benefit other cancer patients as well, as information becomes available from clinical studies that we and ImClone currently have under way or plan to initiate.
In our oncology pipeline, we licensed two later- stage anticancer medicines in 2004: vinflunine, or Javlor, from Pierre Fabre Médicament of France,
for metastatic bladder cancer, and MDX-010, from Medarex Inc., for metastatic melanoma. We also advanced two later-stage oncology compounds from our own laboratories: ixabepilone, for breast cancer, and our SRC/ABL kinase inhibitor, for chronic myelogenous leukemia, which was recently transi- tioned to its Phase II registrational program and granted Fast Track designation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA).
In the area of psychiatric disorders, Abilify remains one of the most successful new product introductions in the history of the U.S. pharmaceuti- cal industry. We are codeveloping and comarketing
Bristol-Myers Squibb Company 2004 Annual Report
 focusing on
SERIOUS MEDICAL NEED
 –3–

 Chairman’s Letter
Abilify—which was initially approved as a treatment for schizophrenia—with Otsuka Pharmaceutical Company, Ltd. In just over two years on the market in the U.S., Abilify has captured a greater than 10 percent share of the weekly new prescriptions in the antipsychotics class, with total worldwide sales for both Bristol-Myers Squibb and Otsuka now annualizing at
a rate of more than $1 billion.
In 2004, we gained an important additional indi-
cation for Abilify in the U.S., to treat acute mania in bipolar disorder, and recently we received its approval
rheumatoid arthritis. The FDA has granted Priority Review status to Baraclude and Fast Track designation to abatacept. Baraclude also has been submitted to European regulatory authorities. Altogether, we
have 10 promising compounds in Full Development, including four now in the regulatory approval process, among the more than 50 compounds in the broader development portfolio.
As the pipeline continues to advance and distin- guish itself, I’m especially proud of the productivity and commitment of our R&D organization. Nearly
 driving
SUPERIOR PERFORMANCE
for maintenance therapy for certain patients with bipolar disorder. We also launched the product in the European Union. In several key European mar- kets, Abilify has had the fastest uptake of any new atypical antipsychotic. We believe that we’re just beginning to realize the full potential of this impor- tant treatment for serious psychiatric disorders.
In HIV, our protease inhibitor, Reyataz, continues to grow in share as well. Following its launch in the U.S. in July 2003, it now has nearly 30 percent of weekly new prescriptions among protease inhibitors, and is the second most prescribed therapy in its class. In 2004, we launched Reyataz in seven European mar- kets, and its uptake in the region has been vigorous. Already, it has achieved a greater than 20 percent share in France, and a nearly 30 percent share in
the U.K. and Germany.
In a number of other disease areas, our pipeline is also paving the way for potential future leadership for the company. As planned, in 2004, we advanced to the regulatory approval process three late-stage compounds: Baraclude (entecavir), for hepatitis B; muraglitazar, for diabetes; and abatacept, for
two thirds of the company’s compounds currently in Full Development—including three of the four now in regulatory review—were discovered in our own laboratories. While in-licensing remains an important component of our strategy, this dramatic transforma- tion in favor of our own R&D capabilities is a further step in building sustainable growth and leadership for the future. And it’s potentially even more significant that more than 90 percent of our exploratory develop- ment compounds have come from in-house efforts.
Licensing also has given a strong impetus
to building leadership in our disease areas of focus. We currently have more than 170 collaborations with approximately 130 companies and research institutions around the world.
We know we have to invest to keep our R&D engine primed and running. In 2004, we increased overall R&D expenditures 10 percent to $2.5 billion, with a significant portion of the growth going to sup- port late-stage pipeline opportunities. Another major area of investment has been our biologics capability, which requires costly and complex infrastructure. Biologics—large-molecule proteins—are becoming
–4–

more important as laboratories in industry, acade- mia and government apply new understanding of disease processes to increasingly targeted treatments. ERBITUX is the company’s first biologic product, and there are several more investigational biologics in the pipeline, including abatacept, for rheumatoid arthritis; belatacept, for the prevention of solid organ transplant rejection; and MDX-010, for cancer.
As I said before, in 2005 we will vigorously pur- sue our pipeline and product opportunities, even as our margins come under some pressure as a result of ongoing exclusivity losses. For this reason, I’ve asked the entire organization to reduce—or, at a minimum, hold flat—all spending in non-priority areas.
Building the Right Culture
Another important way we’re transforming Bristol-Myers Squibb to build future growth and leadership is by renewing and strengthening our company culture. This translates into driving superior performance in every part of the organization, while also ensuring the strongest possible commitment to accountability, compliance and ethical conduct. To
do this, we’ve created important new structures and processes in the areas of human resources, finance and compliance.
For example, to link performance and behavior more closely, we have developed and communicated across the organization a set of critical behaviors that define conduct for all employees. These Core BMS Behaviors include key attributes such as leadership, communication and alignment, among others, all of which are essential factors in attaining our goals. What’s more, executives and senior managers are being evaluated on how well they demonstrate these behav- iors, and their compensation is tied in part to this assessment. Complementing these Core Behaviors
are the company’s Pledge and Standards of Business Conduct and Ethics, which commit all employees to perform their duties with the highest ethical standards.
In 2004, we continued to strengthen our financial controls and accounting. A critical task for the year
–5–
Bristol-Myers Squibb Company 2004 Annual Report
  RICHARD L. GELB 1924–2004
When Richard L. Gelb joined Bristol-Myers in 1959, total revenues stood at $132 million. Forty-five years later, the company that he eventually led as CEO for 22 years and chairman of the board for 19 years had total net sales approaching $20 billion.
Growth was Dick Gelb’s enduring legacy—growth in his company’s size and value, but also in its impact and purpose. He led the effort to acquire Mead Johnson Nutritionals and several other successful businesses. He also was responsible for building the company’s leadership position in pharmaceutical products and research, in great part by engineering the merger in 1989 of Bristol-Myers Company and Squibb Corporation—a combination that created one of the largest pharmaceutical companies in the world.
When Dick Gelb became CEO, prescription drugs accounted for a quarter of company sales. By the end of his tenure, pharmaceuticals and medical devices accounted for more than 70 percent of sales. And
the role of medicines in the company’s portfolio has continued to grow since.
His contributions were not limited to the company alone, but extended to the world at large through the work of the Bristol-Myers Squibb Foundation. For example, in 1977 he initiated what is now known as the Bristol-Myers Squibb Freedom to Discover Unrestricted Biomedical Research Grants and Awards Program. To date, that effort, the first and largest of its kind in cor- porate America, has committed more than $110 million in no-strings-attached support to expand the frontiers
of scientific understanding, with 259 grants to 155 insti- tutions in 23 countries. And on a personal level, Dick Gelb was a generous and often anonymous backer of many worthy causes to help individuals, strengthen communities and support civic institutions.
In everything Dick Gelb did, and in all that he accom- plished, his legacy—of commitment to advancing the mission of Bristol-Myers Squibb, of extending its impact and growing its contributions to the world at large—will remain an everlasting model for leaders everywhere.
 
Chairman’s Letter
“WE MUST be an essential, constructive and vibrant ” part of the solution to HEALTH CARE CHALLENGES.
was ensuring the effectiveness of our internal control of the implementation of the Medicare Modernization
over financial reporting, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley legislation. I’m pleased to say that we recently assessed the effectiveness of these controls and concluded that they are engaged and operating effectively. As required by the legislation, an independent registered public accounting firm has issued its report on our assessment, which appears on page 93 of this Annual Report.
Finally, we put additional significant resources behind compliance activities this past year. We enlarged the Corporate Compliance Council—where these issues and policies are thoroughly reviewed— and named compliance leaders in several of our businesses. We also continued to train personnel on compliance awareness and improved resources, such as our Helpline, where employees can anonymously ask questions and report concerns.
Rx for a Healthier Future
I believe we can become a leader in building a healthier future for the company and the world at large only if we define our mission of extending and enhancing human life in the broadest possible terms. Of course, that mission includes the vitally important role of discovering, developing and providing innova- tive medicines for serious diseases, as well as quality health care products that help improve lives. But that’s where our commitment begins, not where it ends.
To help expand access to pharmaceuticals, we have taken a lead role in a variety of initiatives in the U.S., such as the Together Rx discount card for senior citizens and, more recently, the Together Rx Access card for uninsured people under 65 years of age. Through contributions to our own patient assistance programs, we provided approximately $550 million in free medicines in 2004 to more than 1 million people in the U.S. And we’re looking forward to being part
Act in 2006, which will help many senior citizens in the U.S. better afford their medicines.
Outside the U.S., we donated nearly $50 million in medicines and other products to people in need in 2004, and also provided $1.2 million in direct assis- tance and $7 million in donated medicines and other products to the tsunami relief effort in South Asia. I’m especially proud that the people of Bristol-Myers Squibb donated more than $300,000 of their own funds to tsunami relief; their contributions were matched dollar for dollar by the Bristol-Myers Squibb Foundation.
Finally, to help build stronger and healthier communities in parts of the world devastated by the HIV/AIDS pandemic, we announced the establish- ment of two additional medical centers to treat chil- dren and their families with HIV/AIDS in southern Africa, funded by our $120 million SECURE THE FUTURE initiative. These centers—which are sched- uled to open in late 2005—are modeled on a success- ful Bristol-Myers Squibb–funded pediatric clinic in Botswana that opened in 2003 and is today one of the largest AIDS centers for children in the world.
To date, SECURE THE FUTURE has committed funding for 175 projects in nine countries in southern and West Africa, where the impact of HIV/AIDS has been severe. In January, I had the opportunity to visit several SECURE THE FUTURE projects in Botswana, Swaziland and South Africa, and was heartened to see firsthand the difference this initiative is making
in the lives of so many women and children, as well as in the communities where these individuals live.
Still, there is much more work to do. Through support by SECURE THE FUTURE of a wide range of innovative community-based initiatives, we aim to help develop sustainable health care capacity that is greatly needed in the fight against AIDS.
–6–

Looking Back, Looking Ahead
In closing, I want to thank the Board of Directors for their invaluable support and counsel over the past year, as well as the 43,000 dedicated Bristol-Myers Squibb employees around the world for their tremen- dous accomplishments and commitment to our goals
I think both Dick and James would be proud
of their company, which is staying true to their values and ideals while building on their accomplishments and successes.
As we look ahead, we see plenty of opportunity to expand on our many achievements over the past
and success. I’m pleased to welcome the newest board member, James M. Cornelius, who is the nonexecu- tive chairman of Guidant Corporation.
I also want to acknowledge the outstanding contributions of two extraordinary former colleagues who, sadly, passed away in 2004.
Richard L. Gelb, our chairman emeritus, was
a giant among business leaders in every regard. As chairman and chief executive officer over a 23-year span, Dick built Bristol-Myers Squibb into a power- house of scientific innovation and financial strength. Yet within this towering figure beat the heart of a truly compassionate and committed man who every day lived our mission and the values of our Pledge, both of which he himself had authored. He was a valued mentor and a dear friend.
James B. D. Palmer, M.D., our former chief scientific officer and president of the Pharmaceutical Research Institute, was a brilliant scientist who devoted his life to turning scientific knowledge into lifesaving therapies. I brought James into the com- pany and respected him greatly. Many of our recent pipeline achievements represent the fruit of his vision of leadership for the company, and reflect his remark- able ability to inspire excellence on the part of his many colleagues at the PRI. His unexpected death diminished us all.
year. We’re continuing to execute our strategy to build leadership and growth in addressing areas of significant unmet medical need. We’re working hard to foster a company culture that puts even greater emphasis on strong performance driven by strong values. And we’re dedicating much effort to expanding access to innovative medicines and building health care infrastructure and resources in the developing world. That’s a tall order, and an ambitious one. But we know it’s what we have to do to be successful—and to be a leader.
Companies—like people—have great hopes
for the future. As you will see in this report, the hope for good health is universal. At Bristol-Myers Squibb, our job is to turn that hope into a reality for people everywhere. That’s how we measure success. And that’s how we will live our mission, today and well into the future.
Peter R. Dolan
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 7, 2005
Bristol-Myers Squibb Company 2004 Annual Report
 building a healthier
FUTURE FOR ALL
 –7–
