                   Dear Colleagues and Shareholders:
In 37 years in the consulting business, I’ve seen plenty of change. But who would have imagined that in a single year Congress would pass landmark healthcare legislation and financial regulatory reform, a major cybersecurity breach would reveal sensitive govern- ment secrets, and an exploding oil rig would lead to the worst environmental disaster in US history?
Years like this challenge us at Booz Allen Hamilton to do the best work for our clients. In fiscal 2011, we solved problems and built new capabili- ties in the healthcare, finance, energy, and communications sectors. We responded to growing concern about the protection of our warfighters and the security of our cyber networks, and we helped clients implement policies to reform healthcare. We helped our clients assess the causes and long-term effects of the Gulf oil spill. And we tackled countless other issues that directly impact the present—and the future. I am proud of the work we did to deliver enduring value to our clients and to make a difference to society at large.
Within Booz Allen, the big news was the initial public offering we com- pleted in November 2010. It was both gratifying and humbling to hear investors express the high regard they have for our firm. I’m excited to welcome a high-quality base of long-term investors and owners who want to be part of our success. With this strong support from our new inves- tors and existing shareholders—The Carlyle Group and Booz Allen part- ners—Booz Allen joins the ranks of the Fortune 500. We expect to have the financial flexibility we need to pursue new growth opportunities.
16.1 million
shares of Class A Booz Allen stock were issued in the initial public offering.
$10.9 billion
As of March 31, 2011,
Booz Allen had a total backlog of work valued at $10.9 billion, which represents a 21.2% year- over-year backlog growth rate.
20+ years
Booz Allen has served its
10 largest client organizations an average of more than 20 years, and it has served the US Navy for more than 70 years.
25,000
Booz Allen has more than 25,000 talented professionals committed to excellence and service.
Chairman’s Letter
    Government, corporate, and not-for-profit clients demonstrated the confi- dence they’ve shown in us for more than 97 years by choosing Booz Allen to help address their most complex strategic and technical challenges. We won new, high-profile engagements in the defense, intelligence, and civil sectors—our primary client base. We achieved significant growth
2 Booz Allen Hamilton

                    “I’m excited to welcome a high-quality base of long-term investors and owners who want to be part of our success.”
 Ralph W. Shrader
in areas related to cybersecurity, healthcare, and consulting services for civil government agencies. The programs we support are critical to our nation’s future. Given the complexity of these initiatives, our innovative thinking and deep technical and analytic capabilities make a measur- able difference.
Our success in retaining and expanding our client base in turn drives our organic growth. And once again, we have benefited from an infusion of exceptional people who contribute their knowledge, skills, and passion to client engagements. At a time of intense competition for talent, thou- sands of professionals joined our deep and diverse workforce, which now exceeds 25,000. These new hires want to do stimulating and meaningful work that serves our country—and our communities.
As we grew and evolved our organization, we reaffirmed the strengths of our management consulting heritage and culture. And we are ever vigilant, adopting even more rigorous policies and processes to maintain our ethical standing. During this year of change, we did not change the proven business model that has underpinned our success. Our single profit and loss structure gives us great agility to adapt to changes in the market and ensures our focus on client missions and results. In addition, we benefit from a unique matrix approach that drives and specifically
Fiscal Year 2011 Report 3

                   rewards collaboration. It enables us to work without boundaries or barriers and apply our best resources to the most complex challenges our clients face.
A Strong Start as a Public Company
Booz Allen has an exceptional track record of generating growth under various market conditions. In fiscal 2011, which ended March 31, 2011, a challenging environment for business and government contracting certainly tested our mettle. At a time of austerity across all the sectors we serve, we generated high single-digit growth.
• Revenue increased 9.1 percent, to $5.59 billion, with growth across all markets.
• Net income increased to $84.7 million, from $25.4 million.
• Backlog grew to $10.9 billion at March 31, 2011, an increase of 21.2 percent from the prior year.
We are off to a strong start as a public company, and we are excited about the future.
Enduring Value
Financial highlights notwithstanding, consulting is a “people business,” and we define our success by the enduring value we create for our clients, employees, communities, and investors.
Our important work springs from an entrepreneurial culture where ideas flourish—and where people grow and pursue their passions inside and outside of work. In fiscal 2011, Booz Allen’s workplace environment once again earned “best company” recognition by Fortune, Working Mother, and Consulting magazines, and by many other third-party organizations. We also received a perfect score on the Corporate Equality Index and have been recognized as a best company for veterans by G.I. Jobs and Disabled American Veterans. Today’s professional services landscape is changing, and we must continue to evolve the way we work to create greater flexibility, more efficiency, and more personal and professional growth. Our “Way We
CAPAbilitiES
Strategy and Organization
• Strategy and change management
• Organization and process improvement
• Human capital, learning, and communications
Analytics
• Advanced analytics • Business analytics • Mission analytics
technology
• Cyber technology
• Strategic technology and innovation
• Systems development
Engineering and Operations
• Engineering and science
• Systems engineering and integration
• Acquisition and program management
• Enterprise integration
• Supply chain and logistics
 4 Booz Allen Hamilton

                   “We define our success by the enduring value we create
for our clients, employees, communities, and investors.”
Work” strategy combines face-to-face teaming, telework, remote delivery, and hoteling to foster greater work-life balance, reduced commuting times, and a smaller carbon footprint. Our people and our clients benefit from advanced computing centers, videoconferencing, and other technologies that support collaboration and improve product and service delivery.
Booz Allen’s people are also dedicated public servants who contribute their time and skills to support their communities and important causes. Over the past year, the firm and its people supported more than 600 local and national charitable organizations through volunteerism, philanthropy, pro bono work, and in-kind donations. Booz Allen also has a strong tradi- tion for supporting the arts, and we were proud to sponsor the major exhibition “Telling Stories: Norman Rockwell from the Collections of George Lucas and Steven Spielberg” at the Smithsonian American Art Museum this past year.
New Opportunities
We are excited by the opportunities that lie ahead as we grow and deliver value. We have established a clear strategy focused on delivering great client service and growing our business.
Expand our business base. We will work to expand our relationships with existing clients and cultivate new ones in our core US federal gov- ernment market across defense, intelligence, and civil agencies. We will also pursue targeted opportunities in the commercial sector and in inter- national markets, offering much-needed support in such critical areas as cyber, healthcare, energy, and financial services. Our non-compete agree- ment with the business we spun off in 2008 expires on July 31, 2011, opening new opportunities for growth.
Capitalize on strengths in emerging areas. Through investments and client engagements, we have developed the deep domain knowledge and technical expertise to address many of our clients’ most urgent emerg- ing challenges. We are especially well positioned to help clients protect critical networks that provide the foundation for national security, secure financial transactions, transportation, and energy. We have the experience
 Fiscal Year 2011 Report 5

                   and track record to help implement changes spurred by recent healthcare and financial regulatory legislation and to support long-term initiatives that range from satellite and space systems to air traffic control and naval systems.
Continue to innovate. Clients confront constant and often sudden change, and they value our willingness to step forward, think ahead, and develop valuable, practical applications for new technology. We intend to continue to invest in new intellectual capital and functional capabilities in domains as diverse as cybersecurity, cloud computing, advanced ana- lytics, and specialized services to help modernize, reform, and protect the financial sector.
A Changing Landscape
For 97 years, Booz Allen Hamilton has held client service as our high- est calling. We value the trust and confidence that clients place in us, working side by side on missions that matter. We have a successful track record in various economic cycles and are particularly adept at helping clients facing budgetary and operational pressures. As we move forward as a public company, we will marshal our people and resources to serve the best interests of our clients around the world. To us, that matters most of all.
Ralph W. Shrader, Ph.D.
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President June 30, 2011
AwArds
& reCognition
Booz Allen Hamilton’s commitment to its people and to continually enhancing its workplace environment is evident in dozens of awards from major publications and organizations over the past year, including:
“100 Best Companies to Work For”
— Fortune magazine “Best Firms to Work For”
— Consulting Magazine
“Working Mother 100
Best Companies”
— Working Mother magazine
“Best Places to Work in IT”
— Computerworld magazine
“Top 25 Technology Consulting Firms” — Vault.com
“Top 100 Military-Friendly Employers”
— G.I. Jobs magazine
“Ten Best Corporations for Veteran-Owned Businesses” — National Veteran-Owned
Business Association
“Top 50 Companies for Diversity”
— DiversityInc.
“Best Places to Work for LGBT Equality”
— Human Rights Campaign
“50 Best Fertility-Friendly and Adoption-Friendly Companies” — Conceive magazine
       6 Booz Allen Hamilton
