DEAR UNITHOLDERS:

2015 WAS AN EXCEPTIONAL YEAR
for Buckeye Partners, both operationally and financially, as we generated record earnings and cash flows and increased distributions to our unitholders. Once again, we proved our ability to follow through on our strategic growth initiatives, which delivered incremental cash flows. Our outstanding financial results enabled Buckeye's total unitholder return for the year to outperform our peers and further demonstrated the benefits of our diversification
Clark C. Smith Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

strategy and the strength of our position in the industry despite volatility in both the commodity and stock markets.

These stellar results would not have been possible without the hard work of Buckeye's employees. Over the past year, we have continued to strengthen our organization with additional talented members. We believe we have a deeper talent base today than ever before at Buckeye, and the drive and commitment of our dedicated team members have enabled us to continue to produce outstanding operational and financial results, driving total unitholder returns. Safety is at the Forefront of Our Culture

In 2015, we implemented a company-wide safety training initiative involving all our Buckeye field employees, our senior leadership team, and our board members. The program included extensive occupational and safety training as well as live drills. As a result of the successful program, we saw improvements across the board in our safety and operational incident metrics. For 2016, we are continuing to expand our safety emphasis internally and externally through regional contractor safety training schools, qualification guidelines for third-party inspectors, and further improving our contractor orientation processes. Going forward, Buckeye will continue its leadership commitment to a "safety first" philosophy in all of our businesses. Buckeye Segments Delivered Positive 2015 Contributions

I am pleased to report that all three of our business segments posted solid results for 2015. Our Global Marine Terminals and Merchant Services segments drove substantial incremental contributions, and we were able to capitalize on the strong demand in the market to increase utilization of our storage assets to 96 percent for the year, while successfully re-contracting anchor tenants at our largest facilities. Our Domestic Pipelines & Terminals segment also delivered solid performance, despite the substantial decline in commodity prices,

ANNUAL REPORT 2015

1

as we were able to drive increased throughput volumes in both our pipelines and terminals. Capital Projects Drive Our Growth Over the past year, we have made additional progress on our initiative to expand Buckeye Partners' geographic footprint as we continue to build out our four strategically-located Buckeye hubs in Chicago, New York Harbor, the Caribbean, and the Gulf Coast. Since the September 2014 formation of Buckeye Texas Partners, our partnership with Trafigura Trading LLC, we have substantially completed phase one of the planned expansion of those assets. This includes the addition of 1.1 million barrels of refrigerated liquid petroleum gas, or "LPG," storage and the commissioning in late 2015 of a 50,000 barrel per day condensate splitter facility. These newly completed assets, along with all of the assets in South Texas, are in commercial service under long-term take-or-pay tolling and storage agreements. Through our 80 percent ownership interest in the partnership, we have invested nearly $1.2 billion in capital to create a world-class midstream global marine hub providing extensive connectivity to worldwide markets. We expect to benefit as these investments contribute substantial incremental cash flow in 2016. Our partnership with Trafigura has been built on principles of integrity, strategic vision, core values, a steadfast work ethic, and an unwavering commitment to safety. Working together, we have developed a mutual respect and trust in each other's capabilities and business acumen, leveraging our individual strengths while forging a solid alliance committed to the achievement of our goals. Buckeye Texas Partners provides substantial logistics, processing and handling capabilities as an unparalleled midstream platform in the Gulf Coast. Working with Trafigura, we are confident that Buckeye Texas Partners will play a critical role in the liquid petroleum products logistics value chain, and we look forward to building on our successful partnership for many years to come. Looking beyond South Texas, we identified and capitalized on numerous additional opportunities to effectively deploy capital during 2015. Early in the year, we acquired a small but strategic terminal and pipeline in New England. We also transported our first shipment of processed condensate from our newly completed rail offloading
Newly commissioned condensate splitter at Buckeye Texas Partners' facility

2

B U C K E Y E P A R T N E R S , L . P.

OUR OUTSTANDING FOR THE YEAR

FINANCIAL RESULTS ENABLED BUCKEYE'S TOTAL UNITHOLDER RETURN FOR THE YEAR TO OUTPERFORM OUR PEERS AND FURTHER DEMONSTRATED THE BENEFITS OF STRATEGY.

facility at Perth Amboy in the New York Harbor. In addition, we successfully secured binding shipper commitments related to our Chicago-based Cross Town Pipeline project. This project will provide additional pipeline capacity from our strategic Chicago Complex to various delivery locations in the greater Chicago market. Throughout 2015, we continued to make progress on our Michigan/Ohio pipeline and terminal expansion project, and we successfully executed take-or-pay transportation service agreements with 10-year terms with all committed shippers for the project. Once the project is completed in late 2016, the expansion will allow Buckeye to offer enhanced transportation service of refined petroleum products to destination points in eastern Ohio and western Pennsylvania, expanding the supply orbits for the advantaged Midwestern refineries. FERC Approved Settlement with Airlines

OUR DIVERSIFICATION

In the third quarter of 2015, we were pleased to receive approval from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) on the settlement of our three-year dispute with several airlines that were challenging Buckeye's rates for transportation of jet fuel from New Jersey to the New York City area airports. This settlement resolved all FERC complaints filed by the parties. We continue to work with these airlines on improvements to enhance the utilization of our pipeline systems to the New York City airports. Our Financial Performance Outpaces the Industry We have strategically built our organization to better withstand fluctuations in both commodity
Crude and kerosene product storage tanks at Buckeye Texas Partners' facility

markets and the economy in general. Our diversified portfolio of quality assets generates

ANNUAL REPORT 2015

3

consistent, predictable, fee-based cash flow, and in fact, 95 percent of our 2015 adjusted EBITDA was fee-based. Our strong operational and financial performance continues to surpass that of the majority of our peers. We have limited commodity exposure and limited counterparty risk, as most of our customers are large, fiscally sound enterprises. Our domestic system is primarily demand-pull, limiting the impact of supply disruptions on our business. Our balance sheet is healthy, with sufficient liquidity to fund our growth projects. For 2016, we expect to invest $325 to $375 million in growth capital while maintaining distribution growth of $0.0125 per quarter and also improving our coverage ratio, which was 1.02x at year end. Buckeye Has Multiple Avenues for Growth

Looking forward, we see numerous growth opportunities for Buckeye Partners, and we are excited to continue to expand our market presence as we evaluate additional growth projects and acquisitions that we believe will generate long-term value for our unitholders. For example, we are exploring opportunities to utilize our footprint to provide producers with logistics solutions for condensates and natural gas liquids, and we are evaluating the best way to expand our butane blending capabilities. As we celebrate our 130-year anniversary, I want to thank our board of directors, our employees, our unitholders, our customers and the communities that we serve for their ongoing support of the Buckeye organization. I want to reiterate how proud I am of our entire team and what they have accomplished over the past year. We understand that focusing on operational excellence, safety and continued execution on our growth capital projects are the keys to building long-term value for our unitholders. We intend to maintain our focus on these important initiatives going forward to ensure the continued success of Buckeye Partners.

Buckeye construction crew utilizing crawler tractors for pipeline construction in the early 20th century

Clark C. Smith Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

4

B U C K E Y E P A R T N E R S , L . P.

