Dear Unitholders:

800

employees delivered exceptional results while continuing to focus on the safe 500 operation of our assets. Our commercial and operating teams identified substantial 400 opportunities for growth capital investments across our system, both domestically and internationally, and our project teams were able to deliver these growth-capital 300 projects on-time and on-budget, contributing to our record performance for 2013. 200 We also further expanded our geographic diversity with the acquisition from Hess of a premier 100 portfolio of 20 petroleum products terminals. We substantially improved our balance sheet and leverage metrics, which resulted in an improvement 0 in our credit ratings. Importantly, these factors contributed to our strong unit price performance. We were able to provide our unitholders a 67% total return for 2013 including distributions.

2013 was an exciting and rewarding year for Buckeye Partners. Our
600

700

Safe and Responsible Operations
1.2

Buckeye is committed to the safety of our employees, contractors and the communities in which we operate. We provide extensive safety and security 1.0 training for our employees and conduct numerous emergency response drills that frequently include first responders. Safe operations are absolutely necessary for 0.8 us to continue our success. Active engagement with both industry groups and regulators is an important part of 0.6 our safety program. I serve on the Board of the Association of Oil Pipe Lines, which is an industry group that shares best practices and promotes the safe, reliable and 0.4 efficient transportation of energy liquids by pipelines. Buckeye also maintains a very talented in-house asset-integrity team that works with the various state and 0.2 federal regulatory agencies to continually improve our asset-integrity programs. We are 100% committed to safe operations that meet or exceed all applicable 0.0 regulatory requirements.

Best Practices--The Buckeye Advantage
Buckeye has a long history of success with well-positioned assets, talented employees and a great business culture. Buckeye was founded in 1886 when John D. Rockefeller built the first crude oil pipeline to his Ohio refineries, and we benefit from that rich legacy in the transportation of crude oil and refined products. One of the keys to our recent success is an initiative that we kicked off in 2009 to change the culture of our workforce as well as our business strategies and processes. We redesigned the Buckeye organization from the ground up to take advantage of commercial opportunities, to increase employee empowerment and to require more accountability. At the same time, we established a performance incentive compensation program for all employees across the company. For example, we required the field operations to become multi-skilled and established the Buckeye University training center to provide technical, teamwork and

2

B U C K E Y E P A R T N E R S , L . P.

leadership training to our employees to provide them with the skill-set to succeed in the new structure. We want employees that have passion for operating excellence, are committed to continuous improvement and take ownership in everything we do at Buckeye. We also promote full candor and mutual respect across all levels of the organization. We knew back in 2009 when we began this initiative that it would take time to fully implement, but I believe Buckeye's recent success is directly attributable to the hard work of our employees to achieve this transformation. Our strategic planning, execution and problem solving are the best of any organization that I have been involved with in my career and will continue to drive our success going forward.

A key strategy for Buckeye is to modernize our assets, operations and commercial services to distinguish us as providing the best logistics solutions for our customers.

Investment in Growth
A key strategy for Buckeye is to modernize our assets, operations and commercial services to distinguish us as providing the best logistics solutions for our customers. BORCO is a great example of this strategy. BORCO, located in the Bahamas, is now one of the most sophisticated marine terminals in the world. We not only completed the first phase of expansion of the terminal to reach a total of 26 million barrels of petroleum product storage, we also significantly improved the pumping rates for loading and offloading vessels, increased the flexibility of the terminal pipe manifolds to allow further product segregation and tank-to-tank 800 transfers and expanded the capacity of the jetties and docks. As part of our dock and jetty improvements, we added inclement weather docking capability at our 700 inland dock and expanded our deep water capabilities to handle anticipated 600 growth in berthing of vessels, including the largest oil tankers in the world. We are now employing the same modernization strategy at our Perth Amboy terminal in the 400 New York Harbor. Buckeye is close to completing a new pipeline that will directly connect Perth to our Linden, New Jersey hub, which is the 300 origination point for our Northeastern pipeline system and handles throughput of 200half a million barrels of refined products each day. We completed approximately the rebuild and expansion of the truck racks, improved the manifold capabilities 100 and upgraded a number of storage tanks. We are also building a rail facility 0 capable of offloading crude oil rail cars, storing the product and loading it onto ships and barges for delivery to East Coast or other refineries.
500

1.2 1.0 0.8 0.6 0.4 0.2 0.0

A nnual R eport 2 0 1 3

3

Shale plays and crude oil sands have also provided significant opportunity for Buckeye, as they impact the flow of products in the areas we serve. Our commercial team has had considerable success in finding ways to leverage our existing asset base to serve the needs of our customers in moving those crudes to refining centers. Our Albany terminal was an early success story that benefited us in 2013, as we were able to repurpose an underutilized ethanol rail facility for crude oil offloading, storage and loading onto marine vessels for transportation down the Hudson River to the Eastern Seaboard shipping lanes. In addition, our Chicago Complex is strategically located at the southern end of Lake Michigan in an area which serves as a busy waypoint for both rail and pipeline traffic. We have identified multiple ways to capitalize on this location and changing crude oil logistics. First, we began operations in late 2013 on a crude oil rail facility that loads crude oil sourced from crude pipelines onto railcars for transportation to East Coast or Gulf Coast refining centers. Second, we are constructing 1.1 million barrels of crude oil storage that will be connected via pipeline to a local refinery to serve as supply redundancy. We also are exploring potential opportunities to utilize existing infrastructure, including rights of way and underutilized pipelines, to be a key logistics service provider in the markets we serve.

Acquisition of Premier Network of Terminals
The successful acquisition from Hess of a premier network of 20 petroleum products terminals was a big win for Buckeye. We believe this acquisition is a great opportunity for us to create value by overlaying our commercial and operating model, which involves establishing multi-skilled entrepreneurial teams in a decentralized structure onto a strategic platform that complements our existing assets. Our terminal growth strategy is to commercialize these facilities by expanding their services and capabilities. We will combine this with Buckeye's focus on improved customer service to also grow our third-party business. The integration of these assets is proceeding smoothly. We believe we were able to acquire these assets at a very reasonable value and expect to achieve attractive returns from this acquisition.

Global Marine Terminals
In connection with the integration of the terminals acquired from Hess, we revised our business units to better align our management, commercial, operating and financial reporting activities with the business opportunities presented by these newly acquired assets. Our new Global Marine Terminals business unit includes our assets that primarily facilitate global flows of crude oil, refined petroleum products and other commodities, offering our customers connectivity to some of the world's most

4

B U C K E Y E P A R T N E R S , L . P.

important bulk storage and blending hubs. This business unit features the flexibility of large volume, multi-product segregated tankage and offers heating, blending and marine services while enabling synergies among the different facilities. Global Marine Terminals includes our key hubs in the Caribbean, including our BORCO facility, our Yabucoa terminal and our newly acquired St. Lucia terminal. In addition, certain of our New York Harbor facilities are now part of this business unit, including our legacy Perth Amboy facility and two facilities acquired from Hess, the Port Reading and Raritan Bay terminals. We believe these terminals give Buckeye a platform for growth in the global marine markets. For example, our Caribbean assets allow us to offer a full spectrum of services to different customer bases. These assets are uniquely located to accommodate anticipated growing crude oil volumes from South American production. The New York Harbor assets give Buckeye a premier position in this important hub, providing our customers with increased flexibility and optionality. These assets offer direct connections to existing Buckeye pipelines and to the Colonial pipeline, which brings supply from refining centers in the Gulf Coast. We can offer our customers multiple berthing options across these facilities and enhanced truck rack operations. Overall, this business unit comprises a set of premier assets in strategic locations that we believe leaves us well-positioned to take advantage of future growth opportunities. 

Business Segment Review
The following is a summary of our operating highlights for 2013 1: Pipelines & Terminals Growth capital projects, including the benefit of diversification beyond refined  products, drove an almost $62 million improvement in 2013. Crude logistics projects were a significant contributor, as Buckeye capitalized on the rapidly expanding U.S. shale production. We realized a full-year benefit from our Albany crude rail-to-marine project, which became operational in the fourth quarter of 2012. Service at our Chicago Complex crude pipeline-to-rail project was initiated in the fourth quarter of 2013. Both of these projects are supported by multi-year contracts with minimum volume commitments. By maximizing the use of existing equipment and leveraging the optionality of our infrastructure at Albany and in the Chicago Complex, we have been able to achieve very attractive returns on these capital investments. Other capital projects that drove improvement for this segment include a full-year contribution from propylene storage and an increasing contribution from diluent transshipment. Both of these projects are also centered

1

See definition of Non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to Non-GAAP measures at the end of this report. A nnual R eport 2 0 1 3

5

at the Chicago Complex, which serves as our Midwestern hub. We also have further expanded our butane blending capacity. The past two winter blending seasons have seen strong contributions from blending as a result. The common theme with these investments is that our commercial and operating teams have been able to identify underutilized assets and optionality in our existing system to drive high returns for these investments. Global Marine Terminals Year-over-year growth of $21 million was driven by the 4.7 million barrels of  expansion capacity put in operations since mid-2012 at our BORCO terminal in the Bahamas. Since our acquisition of this facility in 2011, we have invested over $380 million to increase the storage capacity over 20% while also adding deep water and inclement weather berthing capabilities that we believe far exceed the capabilities of our competition. We also increased pumping rates and improved inter-tank connectivity and flow rates. We expect to see the full-year run rate cash flows from these investments in 2014. Merchant Services This segment saw improvement of over $11 million in 2013 as we implemented  our strategy to mitigate basis risk by reducing refined product inventories in the Midwest and focused on fewer, more strategic and more liquid locations for transacting business. We also benefited from strong renewable identification number (or RIN) values early in the year. Development & Logistics This segment delivered improved performance from the contract operation of  third-party pipelines and propane storage expansion projects. Our top priorities for 2014 include successfully integrating the assets acquired from Hess while continuing to deliver on our expansion and enhancement projects, such as our Chicago Complex projects and the transformation project at our Perth Amboy facility. Our commercial and operating teams continue to identify opportunities for additional high-return capital investments across our asset footprint that I expect will deliver growth for 2014 and beyond. Of course, the highest priority of each of our over 1,600 Buckeye employees is the safe and reliable operation of our assets every day. On behalf of our Board of Directors and our employees, thank you for your investment in Buckeye. I am excited about the opportunities for Buckeye in 2014, and I look forward to updating you on our progress throughout the coming year.

Clark C. Smith President and Chief Executive Officer

6

B U C K E Y E P A R T N E R S , L . P.

