  Forrest E. Wylie
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Chairman’s Letter
Dear Unitholders,
In completing my second full year as Chairman and CEO of Buckeye, I am pleased to report substantial progress in our efforts to transform our business. A year ago, we initiated a plan to become the best-in-class asset manager in our industry. In spite of a severe worldwide recession and declines in U.S. refined product demand, 2009 was a year of substantial progress toward this goal.
A Review of 2009
We had a strong year with substantial improvements in several segments of
our business. Overall, we reported that Adjusted EBITDA, our primary measure of financial success, increased 17 percent to $370.9 million in 20091. Our businesses supported continued increases in cash distributions paid. During 2009, cash distributions to our unitholders totaled $3.63 per limited partner unit, up 5.8 percent from $3.43 paid in 2008.
These results demonstrate the progress being made in our core operating objective to be the best-in-class asset manager. That means achieving the highest asset utilization at the lowest cost without compromising our commitment to safe and environmentally responsible operations.
Achievement of this objective does not mean merely cutting costs, which is not always productive. What it really means is focusing on true productivity gains. This is the mindset that we are trying to instill in our workforce, and we are seeing that mindset take hold.
1 See page 22 for a reconciliation of these non-Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (non-GAAP) measures to net income.
Building Predictable Returns
For our business strategy to work, we must focus on stable, predictable cash flows, which makes eminent sense for a master limited partnership. As we look for opportunities to add assets, we are seeking relatively low-risk, low-volatility assets that we can integrate into our network and leverage our infrastructure to add value through better utilization and productivity.
What specifically are we doing to execute this strategy successfully?
First, we look for geographic diversity. Historically, we have been dependent on the economic cycles and weather patterns of the northeastern United States. Clearly, we can reduce that volatility by expanding our network into other areas of the country.
The Lodi acquisition in California and the recent asset purchase from ConocoPhillips in the Midwest represent good examples of this diversity.
Second, we have been seeking greater product diversity, expanding beyond refined products. Our diversification into natural gas, achieved with the Lodi acquisition, added to both our product diversity and geographic diversity.
The third element is what we call becoming more commercial as an overall enterprise. Our Energy Services segment, which is a wholesale distributor of refined products, is filling a major role in this strategy. Our Energy Services segment works to drive marketing margins as well as improve our asset utilization. This is a key reason we have been improving our margins even when volumes have been declining.
Decentralized Operating Structure
A major change implemented in 2009
was to create a more commercial
culture by decentralizing our operating structure and encouraging accountability and entrepreneurship throughout the organization. Our local asset teams have the authority to make decisions on improving productivity and customer service in their operating areas.
This transition is really very simple.
The key, perhaps not surprisingly, is execution. I am very proud of the progress that the entire Buckeye team is making. From July through December we achieved $7 million of savings from the transition, and we expect annualized savings to be approximately $18 million.
   9

Customer Service, Reliability
and Safety
Fundamentally, the ultimate goal of this decentralized operating structure is to improve customer service. As we continue to provide our customers with a high level of service, we will continue to draw business to our assets.
Of course, a basic way to provide better customer service is to ensure system reliability and quality assurance through improved asset maintenance. In 2009, we introduced a new maintenance program that utilizes technology and risk analysis to better deploy our maintenance dollars. This disciplined review will help improve asset safety, ensure environmental compliance, and maintain the service reliability that our customers require.
Best Practices
To achieve our objective to become the best-in-class asset manager, in 2009 we initiated our best practices initiative, which
is a company-wide transformation to take Buckeye to the next level as a stronger, better managed, and more productive enterprise.
A primary goal of the best practices initiative is to aggressively identify opportunities to improve productivity. Improved productivity focuses on optimizing every asset. Small improvements can add up quickly. The gain-sharing program we implemented in the third quarter of 2009 incentivizes employees to make positive changes to improve performance by enabling employees to share in the financial benefits of those changes. Although only in place since July, this gain- sharing program has already generated improvements that we expect will have an annualized earnings improvement in excess of $8 million in 2010.
We are also doing a number of things to help employees succeed with their best practice ideas. We have pledged to our employees that we will devote more resources to training and skills development. For example, we established Buckeye University, which is an internal training center to enhance our skills in such areas as leadership, teamwork, and project management.
This commitment is expected to produce a higher performance standard at Buckeye and add value to our unitholders.
Looking Ahead
As we look forward, we will continue to pursue opportunities to grow our asset base in each of our business segments.
We will continue to look for opportunities where we can add value by integrating ideal assets into our network, allowing us to expand our range of services while extending our geographic footprint or diversifying
our product mix. In 2009, we invested approximately $122 million on acquisitions and organic growth projects.
This combination of asset growth and the benefits of our best practices initiative should continue to have a positive impact on Buckeye’s financial performance and our distributions to unitholders.
In all of these pursuits, our entire team is committed to the goal of becoming “best- in-class.” We are equally committed to succeed together, as a company, in this competitive economy.
I thank you for your past support and look forward to reporting our continued progress.
Forrest E. Wylie
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
                11
 