                                        TWO
 It is a pleasure to report another year of continued growth and strong financial results for our Partnership. Buckeye’s 2006 operations set new records for our key operating statistics and financial results:
I Pipeline deliveries averaged 1,450,300 barrels per day – an increase of 4.7% over the 2005 level
I Pipeline barrel miles totaled 69.9 billion – up 4.0%.
I Terminal throughput averaged 494,300 barrels per day – a 17.9% gain.
I Revenue reached $461.8 million, climbing 13.1% from the prior year.
I Operating income was $177.1 million – a 9.8% increase over 2005.
I Net income allocated to Limited Partners rose by 4.2% to a record $103.5 million.
Based on this strong performance, the Board of Directors increased the per-unit cash distribution each quarter of 2006, and announced a further increase in the first quarter of 2007. The total per-unit cash distributions paid during 2006 increased by 7.1% over the total distributions paid in 2005.
We began 2006 with a flurry of acquisition and new business development activity. On January 1st we acquired a refined products terminal in Niles, Michigan. On January 31st, we purchased a natural gas liquids pipeline system that extends from the Denver area of eastern Colorado to Bushton, Kansas. The first quarter also saw the start of operations on a newly constructed pipeline and terminal system serving the Memphis International Airport. These additions are all strategic to Buckeye; while each fits our strategy of owning assets that generate stable fee- based revenue, they also expand our geographic footprint and product diversity. I am pleased to report that each of these new businesses has been successfully integrated into our existing operations, and all are operating at levels that have met or exceeded our expectations.
This past year has also brought significant changes to our industry – changes which have not only presented us with new challenges, but also have offered new opportunities. During 2006, the industry began the transition to ultra-low sulfur diesel (“ULSD”) fuels which required significant investment and changes to the entire refined products supply chain. Through
a multi-year planning and preparation effort made in close coordination with producers, shippers, connecting carriers and government regulators, Buckeye successfully introduced the transportation of this new environmentally friendly fuel on our pipeline network. We
Buckeye GP LLC Officers: (Left to Right) Robert B. Wallace William H. Shea, Jr. Eric A. Gustafson Stephen C. Muther
  To Our Unitholders

                                         also were successful in filing tariff surcharges that will recover the capital investment and additional operating expenses necessary to support this service. Our terminals business has benefited from the change to ULSD as well. Because ULSD requires injection of special additives at the point of distribution, we have installed the equipment necessary to provide this service, and the additization of ULSD has become an additional source
of terminalling revenue.
The use of ethanol as a blending component in gasoline grew dramatically during 2006. Our terminals business has responded to this opportunity, and enjoyed significant growth as a result. Last year we added ethanol blending capabilities at six terminals, and saw
a 67% volume growth in that business service. Buckeye now offers ethanol at 20 terminal locations.
Our continued expansion has brought other changes, including outgrowing our pipeline control center and administrative headquarters in Macungie, Pennsylvania. We are currently in the final stages of consolidating our administrative offices and operations center into
a new building in Breinigsville, PA – about 7 miles west of the Macungie facility. Our new state-of-the-art control center will provide sufficient space for current operations and allow us to expand to accommodate future growth. After the new control center is fully commis- sioned, the existing control room will be retained as a redundant back-up site, available for immediate deployment in response to an emergency or disaster situation.
2006 marked Buckeye’s 120th year in the oil pipeline business. In December we noted our twenty-year anniversary of becoming a publicly-traded master limited partnership. We are proud of our track record of consistent performance and growth. Current unitholders who purchased Buckeye limited partnership units during our initial public offering in 1986
at the split-adjusted price of $10.00 have received cumulative cash distributions to date of $37.83 and seen the market value of their initial investment increase approximately five-fold.
At Buckeye, we recognize our continued success rests on effectively satisfying the varied interests of each of our stakeholders. It begins with providing reliable, cost-effective service and dependable operations to our customers while being responsive to their changing business needs. This is accomplished by attracting and retaining highly-skilled and thoroughly-trained employees who are motivated to meet our high standards of operating excellence. It is sustained by an unrelenting focus on safe and environmentally responsible operations designed to prevent disruption to our neighbors along our rights of way and in the communities where we operate. The demonstrated end result of these efforts is superior long-term financial success for our unitholders.
The Securities and Exchange Commission 10-K report that follows contains our full financial statements and more detailed information about our business. We encourage you to read and review it to learn more about our Partnership.
Thank you for your continued confidence and support. Sincerely,
William H. Shea, Jr.
Chairman of the Board of Directors Buckeye GP LLC
As General Partner
 THREE
