DEAR UNITHOLDERS:

LET ME BEGIN by thanking our unitholders for
their support and confidence in Buckeye. 2014 was a very good year in terms of safe operations, record financial performance, total unitholder return, and geographic and product diversification across our growing asset base. Our strong performance also reflects the hard work of a very talented Buckeye team.
Culture of Safety Buckeye practices a culture of safety that starts with me. I start each quarterly earnings call with a safety topic to emphasize the importance that safety plays for all our stakeholders. We emphasize Buckeye's continuing commitment to safety and operational excellence. Safety is the highest priority at Buckeye, and the safety of our employees and our commitment to the continuous safe operation of our assets are core values.

Clark C. Smith Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

For example, we conducted an in-depth safety culture analysis in 2014 that touched all parts of our organization. Numerous site visits, interviews, and reviews of incidents and near misses were performed to assess Buckeye's safety culture and leadership. The analysis included a survey that allowed all of our employees to provide their direct and anonymous input regarding our safety culture, policies and procedures. I was pleased with our employees' participation rate in the survey and the volume and quality of the feedback provided, which were both above industry norms. I believe this participation level shows the importance each of our employees places on safely operating our assets each day. This feedback has also led to new programs and initiatives to meet our continuous improvement objective with respect to safety and compliance. Buckeye Texas Partners Geographic and product diversification have been two important guiding principles for Buckeye in recent years. In addition, an important strategic goal of ours has been to establish growth platforms in new key high-growth markets. The transaction we closed in September to acquire an 80 percent equity interest in Buckeye Texas Partners, a new partnership with Trafigura Trading LLC, delivers on both those important objectives. Once an initial expansion phase is complete, the partnership assets will consist of a vertically integrated system of midstream assets strategically located on the Gulf Coast, in Corpus Christi, Texas, and within the Eagle Ford play, one of the most prolific and economically advantaged shale plays in the U.S. Importantly, this investment is backed by long-term minimum volume throughput and storage contracts with Trafigura. Fee-based take-or-pay commercial arrangements support substantially all the capacity and cash flows forecast from this transaction.

ANNUAL REPORT 2014

1

The addition of these assets to our portfolio enhances our marine terminal franchise. Buckeye now has 25 marine terminals across the Atlantic basin and Gulf Coast and a position in four major energy hubs: our Chicago Complex, the New York Harbor, the Caribbean and the Gulf Coast. In addition, we are exploring new opportunities to work with Trafigura to leverage our existing marine terminal assets to connect different product flows and provide enhanced midstream solutions through our combined platform of assets. Following the closing of this transaction, our Engineering and Construction teams immediately began managing the ongoing expansion projects, which include the construction of a 50,000-barrel per day condensate splitter along with significant product storage tankage. We have a record of successfully completing large-scale capital projects safely, on-time and within budget, and I expect our very capable project management teams will be successful in completing these projects. Integration of Terminal Network Acquired from Hess One of our most important initiatives for 2014 that I discussed in my letter last year was the successful integration and commercialization of the network of terminals we acquired from Hess. Integration of a large network of terminals includes many activities, including ensuring operating and administrative systems allow seamless flow of data between assets, scheduling systems are on a single platform, accounting systems are able to share data, and procurement processes are standardized. Equally important is the overlay of the Buckeye culture of entrepreneurship and employee empowerment. I believe this culture is why we have been so successful in growing through acquisitions. I am pleased to report that these assets were successfully integrated by mid-2014 into the Buckeye system. We are already benefitting as the new Buckeye employees at these terminals embrace the Buckeye culture. For example, numerous revenue-generating and cost-savings suggestions have been identified that we have already implemented or are continuing to analyze. Importantly, the contribution from these assets in 2014 exceeded our acquisition economic assumptions and is expected to exceed those expectations for 2015 as well. Growth Capital Investments In addition to the construction at Buckeye Texas Partners, Buckeye continues to make significant return capital investments in our infrastructure. In 2014, we completed the construction of new crude oil storage in our Chicago Complex for use by a major Midwestern refiner. We also completed the modernization of our Perth Amboy facility. This included the construction of a new pipeline directly connecting Perth Amboy to our Linden, New Jersey hub, which is the origination point for Buckeye's Northeastern pipeline system. We also completed the construction of a rail facility capable of offloading rail cars, storing the product, and loading it onto ships and barges for delivery to end use markets. Looking across our system, we have made further investments in butane blending capabilities at multiple sites to increase our capacity for this profitable business. Buckeye has also completed various projects

2

B U C K E Y E P A R T N E R S , L . P.

throughout our system to debottleneck and increase capacity on fully utilized pipelines as well as establish improved connectivity to underutilized terminal assets. We expended significant capital on these projects in 2014 and expect to invest further in 2015. Our commercial, operating and engineering teams are continually looking for ways to drive further returns through prudent capital investments. These include exploring opportunities to leverage our existing infrastructure to provide logistics solutions in the markets we serve. Sale of Non-Core Assets We successfully completed the sale of our natural gas storage business during 2014. We identified the business as non-core and initiated an auction process that resulted in the sale, which closed in December 2014. Governance Change and Diversification We expanded our board of directors this year with the addition of three new independent members, Barbara M. Baumann, Donald W. Niemiec and Larry C. Payne. These three new members were identified following an exhaustive search focused on increasing the diversification of experience of our board. Barbara, Don and Larry bring exceptional leadership, strategic development and operational expertise to the board. With their deep industry experience, they have already made valuable contributions to our board since their appointment in September.

2014 WAS A VERY GOOD YEAR IN TERMS OF SAFE OPERATIONS,

RECORD FINANCIAL

PERFORMANCE, TOTAL UNITHOLDER RETURN, AND GEOGRAPHIC AND PRODUCT DIVERSIFICATION ACROSS OUR GROWING ASSET BASE.

In addition to my duties as President and Chief Executive Officer, I assumed the additional responsibility of Chairman of the board in August 2014. The board also created the role of Lead Independent Director during the year. This position, to be elected by the independent members of the board, has a number of responsibilities including acting as a liaison between the independent directors and management as necessary. Frank S. Sowinski, a long-term member of our board of directors, was elected as our first Lead Independent Director in August.

ANNUAL REPORT 2014

3

Priorities for 2015 Looking forward, we expect 2015 to be a transitional year for Buckeye. We have significant capital projects underway that we must complete safely, on-time and on-budget, including completing the first phase of the expansion project at Buckeye Texas Partners. These assets are already fully contracted, which mitigates the commercial risk, but we must focus on meeting our timelines and completing these projects safely. We believe the broad diversification strategy that we have implemented will serve us well in the volatile commodity markets we have seen in late 2014 and expect to continue to see into 2015. Our revenues are primarily fee-based with long-term contracts across much of our domestic crude oil business, which limits the impact to Buckeye of these volatile markets. There are certain aspects of our business that we expect to be negatively impacted by the recent decline in crude prices, such as our butane blending revenues and our settlement revenues, which are driven by the operation of our vapor recovery units. Offsetting these are several uplifts expected from the decline in crude prices. Contango market conditions, particularly in crude oil, are expected to drive improved rates on recontracting of segregated storage, primarily at our Global Marine Terminals segment as well as increased storage utilization across our system. In addition, we expect improved consumer demand for refined products driven by lower prices at the pump to translate into an increase in throughput revenues across our domestic system. Overall, we believe Buckeye's diverse portfolio of assets will deliver stable cash flows and consistent financial results in the current market environment. Importantly, we will continue to execute on our base business, including identifying commercial opportunities across all of our business segments. We also expect to successfully recontract significant capacity in both our Domestic and Global Marine Terminals segments as well as continuing to drive improved performance at our Merchant Services and Development & Logistics segments. I expect this opportunity slate to drive Buckeye's success in 2015 and beyond. And, as always, our 1,800 employees will continue their commitment to the safe and reliable operation of our assets every day. Thank you again for your investment in Buckeye and for your confidence in our board of directors and all of our employees. I look forward to reporting on our achievements throughout 2015.

Clark C. Smith Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

4

B U C K E Y E P A R T N E R S , L . P.

