to our shareholders
The year 2006 was a challenging one for Bassett, the furniture industry and retailing in general.
After a promising start, Bassett's 2006 business year deteriorated significantly during the second half of the year. Amidst a nationwide housing slump, rising interest rates, and higher fuel costs, retail store traffic and corresponding sales fell appreciably over the final six months of our fiscal year. For the year, net sales were $328 million, a two percent decrease from the $335 million achieved in 2005. Net income was $5.4 million or $.46 per diluted share versus the restated amount of $9.8 million or $.82 per diluted share in 2005. 2006 earnings were impacted by two unusual items, a fourth-quarter goodwill impairment charge of $1.4 million and $1.5 million of income related to subsidies received in connection with the Continued Dumping and Subsidy Offset Act (CDSOA). Furthermore, in April, the company received a letter from the Securities and Exchange Commission commenting on the accounting of three retail acquisitions the company transacted in the second and third quarters of 2005. As a result, the company has restated previously reported 2005 and 2006 earnings. All reporting included in this Annual Report provides this restated financial information. Good progress was made during the year in improving the company's wholesale segment operating performance. Despite a sales decline, wholesale operating income increased by 27 percent due to the shift to more imported wood products and continued consistency in our upholstery division. Our goal in 2007 is to continue this trend through ongoing transition to worldwide sourcing in our wood products and to further leverage Asian partnerships in our growing custom leather program. Offsetting our wholesale segment improvement was a disappointing start to our new corporate retail platform. 2006 was the first full year of our expanded network that was acquired during the second half of 2005. This certainly remains a big challenge and emphasis for us going forward. We closed two stores in 2006 and continue to evaluate all locations and our retail segment's cost structure. Combining five disparate businesses into one centralized operation was part of the story in 2006 and will continue in 2007 in areas including systems, logistics, merchandising, and accounting. New leadership has been installed at the helm of our corporate retail division to begin the new year. Regarding the retail organization, the company named Jason Camp as Senior Vice President of Retail on August 1, 2006. Jason literally grew up in a retail environment and has had stints with Gap, Inc. and for the past 10 years, at Restoration Hardware. Jason will lead the efforts to improve retail performance and execution through a number of new initiatives that are currently underway. These efforts include the introduction of new products that represent greater value to the consumer, expansion of our accessory program, and the development of a more focused brand image­ the end result being a clearly defined "Bassett look." We are evaluating the interiors of all of our stores to begin implementation of upgrades that will improve our visual presentation. Clear communication of our custom upholstery, casual dining and home storage offerings will improve the consumer understanding and acceptance of these already successful programs that differentiate Bassett from the crowded field of home furnishings retailers. Work began last year on a new prototype store that will debut in the third quarter of 2007. Resulting from consumer research conducted in our existing stores, the new format will feature more room settings that will help consumers visualize exactly how our products will look in their homes. The launch of our first ever consumer catalog was an exciting part of 2006. The 84-page book was mailed directly to 1.2 million households representing our core demographic in 21 Bassett Furniture Direct markets. We believe that the catalog is the best way to communicate the values and point of view of the Bassett brand to the consumer. We plan three catalogs in 2007 that will be slightly modified over several mailings to market specific product categories during appropriate promotional periods over the course of the year.

2 -- Bassett 2006 Annual Repor t

Front: Robert Spilman Jr. ­ President & CEO Back: Keith Sanders ­ EVP, Operations; Barry Safrit ­ SVP & CFO; Jason Camp ­ SVP, Retail

Given the continuation of an industry-wide period of retail sluggishness, new store growth will be minimal in 2007 with four new stores planned. Store support for our licensed and corporate stores is paramount at the moment and we are appropriately emphasizing training and store level execution in a period of reduced traffic. To further enhance our service proposition and to reduce freight expense, we will utilize regional distribution centers in Texas and California in 2007. The regional warehouses will also allow us to implement quick- ship programs in addition to our 30-day promise on custom upholstery and casual dining. As we all know, our industry has undergone dramatic change over the past decade in both manufacturing and retail. Companies must continually transform and re-invent their strategies in order to compete successfully in this fluid environment. All of our aforementioned strategies are primarily designed to accomplish one objective­ to drive more sales volume through each and every Bassett store. Strong store management, great products featuring the ability to customize to individual taste, and a well trained design staff capable of creating a personalized experience for the consumer are the cornerstones of our retail strategy and we will spend 2007 continuing to refine each of these areas. I would like to recognize the contributions of a retiring Director, David Stonecipher. David has been an extremely

strong member of our Board for six years and we will miss his insightful, well prepared participation. We see 2007 as a continuation of the challenging environment that our industry continues to face. We do believe, however, that the company is focused on the right things to weather this period and emerge stronger when overall conditions improve. Thank all of you­ associates, customers, and shareholders­ for your ongoing support of Bassett.

Thank you.

Robert H. Spilman, Jr. President & CEO

Bassett 2006 Annual Repor t -- 3

