LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

2005 marked further migration toward the proprietary distribution model that Bassett has been pursuing over the past several years. Combined net sales increased 6.2% to $335 million, up from $316 million in 2004. Wholesale shipments to Bassett Furniture Direct (BFD) stores increased $32 million while expected attrition in other channels represented $22 million of lost business. Sales to the BFD network totaled 68% of total wholesale shipments, up from 60% last year. Net income was $7.6 million or .63 per diluted share, versus $8.2 million or .69 per share in 2004. Results for 2005 included $6.2 million of pre-tax restructuring and impairment charges. In 2004 results included restructuring and impairment charges of $4.1 million and a gain of $3.9 million related to the sale of property. Excluding charges and gains, 2005 net income was $10.9 million or .92 per share compared to $8.3 million or .70 per share. The most significant series of events during 2005 concerned the company's acquisition of controlling interest in 15 BFD stores located in Dallas (8), Atlanta (4), and upstate New York (3). These transactions occurred during the second and third quarters and represented $4.2 million of pre-tax impairment charges. Bassett now owns or controls 27 of the 130 BFD stores in operation today. Also important to note was the closing of our Mount Airy casegoods factory. We are transitioning out of the facility as we speak and plan to transform the building into a distribution warehouse in late 2006. Production from Mount Airy has been moved to our remaining bedroom plant in Bassett, Va., and to Asia. Restructuring and impairment charges relating to Mount Airy totaled $2.0 million. As previously discussed, much of 2005 was spent improving and refining the BFD concept. Our field organization continued to morph from a pure selling model to a combination training, education, service, and sales team. Twenty new "retail specialists" were hired to lead this effort. We will continue to improve our field support next year.

Our marketing initiatives included the launch of the John Elway Home Entertainment Collection around the Super Bowl in late January. Our products were featured on ESPN networks throughout this promotional period. Also, we completed an exhaustive market segmentation study during the year. We now know more about the home furnishings consumer in general and the Bassett consumer specifically as a result. Consumer research will continue to play a prominent role in our future plans. Communicating our proposition of stylish, well priced home furnishings available with customized options to create your personalized home environment continues to be a major focus for the company. This story, properly told, coupled with our strong service capabilities will enable us to reach the ultimate goal of establishing a loyal group of repeat consumers. New strategies in targeted direct mail complemented with television will be our major marketing vehicles in 2006. Our job is to make BFD a consistently reliable destination for the Bassett consumer. Our network grew to 130 stores last year as we opened 19 stores and closed five. We plan to leverage what we learn from our 27 corporate stores and from our licensees, enabling us to achieve greater uniformity and higher standards across our entire network. Next year, we should add approximately 15 stores including new stores in Southern California, Boston, Long Island, and San Francisco. New venues and formats continue to emerge in our industry ­ the pace of change is not slowing. Our organization's ability to react and adapt to these shifts will determine our success. I would like to thank all supporters of our efforts ­ associates, customers, and shareholders - for their continuing dedication and commitment to Bassett in 2005 and beyond.

Robert H. Spilman Jr. CEO, President

"This story, properly told, coupled with our strong service capabilities will enable us to reach the ultimate goal of establishing a loyal group of repeat consumers."

Robert H. Spilman Jr.

3

