TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS

2015 will be remembered by those of us that follow Bassett closely as a year of achievement. In this letter, I will outline a series of accomplishments that drove significant revenue and earnings growth and discuss the implications of these operational milestones for the future. Net income, excluding non-recurring items, grew by 59% to $14.8 million. Comparable consolidated revenue increased by 14% and total revenue grew by 27% to $431 million when results from the acquisition of Zenith Freight Lines, LLC are taken into account. Primarily through organic growth and partially due to the Zenith acquisition, Bassett's revenues have increased almost $200 million over the past five years. Accompanying this growth has been a five-fold increase in annual operating profit. In the attainment of this level of performance, we look ahead not only in the context of the next 12 months but also with the long-term performance and growth of the Bassett brand in mind.

designers continue to build solid client relationships, one transaction at a time. In many ways, this dynamic drives the day-to-day business aspirations at Bassett. · How can our assortment improve to better serve what our clients are telling us? · How can our marketing and technology better communicate our design, product, and service capabilities? · How can our training modules elevate the performance of all of our designers and continue to drive comparable store sales increases? Relentless focus on these details crystalizes what Bassett is all about. One transaction at a time.

Consolidated Sales
400 375 350 325 300 275
$ $ $ $

431mm

340mm
We successfully relocated two stores in Texas at the outset of 2015. Our new San Antonio location has become one of our most profitable and our new Southlake, Texas store is consistently generating double digit comparable sales increases compared to our former location. Similarly, the extensive remodel of our Buford, Georgia store in 2015 drove a 17% year-over-year sales increase and our West Palm Beach, Florida store produced positive results. Woodland Hills, California was our only new market opened in 2015. Looking ahead, we will relocate our Newport News, Virginia store in early 2016 and open new stores in Sterling, Virginia, Hunt Valley, Maryland, and nearby the King of Prussia mall in the greater Philadelphia market. We will also close three

321mm

250

269mm
2013 2014 2015

2012

The highlight of 2015 was the performance of our corporate retail division. In posting the first ever divisional operating profit, our corporate team recorded $6.2 million of operating income and grew comparable same store sales for the fifth consecutive year, this time by an impressive 13%. Very few companies in our space have performed at that level over the same period of time. Our 400 corporately employed

Woodland Hills, CA underperforming locations in 2016. We hired an experienced VP of Real Estate and New Store Development in 2015 and we are actively engaged in evaluating a number of new sites across the country. New store growth is our primary growth mechanism, driven by disciplined site selection and economic modeling. Ultimately, though, the strong performance of our corporate retail team in 2015 and over the past five years gives us the confidence that we can staff and operate our new stores profitably in the future. The acquisition of Zenith Freight Lines, LLC in the first quarter of 2015 marked the culmination of a strategic business partnership that dates back to 1998. Bassett and Zenith have grown together as more of our stores have opened and the standards of what great service means have risen. Zenith management has embraced technology and innovation to build the most modern and compliant trucking fleet that services the furniture industry in America. Expanding into population centers with distribution warehouses, entering the "white glove" home delivery arena, and the early adoption of now federally mandated electronic logging are forward thinking examples of what made the final integration into Bassett so compelling. Zenith contributed $3.5 million of operating profit to Bassett's results in the final ten months of the fiscal year. As the consumer continually demands faster service, the internet becomes a bigger channel of furniture sales, and Bassett opens more stores, Zenith will play a crucial role in Bassett's revenue and profit growth in the future.

"Zenith management has embraced technology and innovation to build the most modern and compliant trucking fleet that services the furniture industry in America."
In addition to generating growth in our corporate retail segment, our 33 licensed Bassett stores and our network of 600 independent furniture stores were key contributors to the 13% wholesale sales increase posted in 2015. Domestic wood production grew by 31% thanks to strong performance from our casual dining line produced in Martinsville, Virginia and the successful launch of our new Bench Made assortment that began shipping last January. The Bench Made dining product immediately resonated with the core Zenith Freight Lines

Bench-Made Dining

Bassett consumer and was embraced by our designers as a unique iteration of our 113 year heritage of producing quality furniture in the town of Bassett, Virginia. Bench Made was a true startup in which we conceived a market segment, designed the product range, partnered with key suppliers, retro-fitted an existing facility, hired and trained a new work force, and began production - all accomplished in less than nine months! And, even better, we became profitable 90 days after the first piece was produced. The ethos of Bench Made meshes with the larger spirit of Bassett perfectly ­ domestic innovation, high quality products, and the ability to customize. Building on this impressive launch, we plan to extend the line into other product categories in 2016.

"The ethos of Bench Made meshes with the larger spirit of Bassett perfectly ­ domestic innovation, high quality products, and the ability to customize."
Bassett Upholstery continued its five year tear with a 15%

revenue gain in 2015. Our retail stores performance made our domestic upholstery operation the primary beneficiary of increased sales as our clients continued to gravitate to the wide range of frame and fabric options that we offer. We expanded into custom leather in early 2015, offering an array of 35 articles tanned in Europe, South America, and the United States. Building momentum through the year, our custom leather program finished the year as the best-selling leather upholstery product that we offer. Also noteworthy was the expansion of our Asian cut and sew offerings, leveraging this capability with the introduction of the Essex and Harlan frames. Both of these items quickly became strong sellers. Given all of this, we plan to integrate a broader mix of upholstery into our retail floor plan to coincide with our Memorial Day promotion this May. After years of strong growth and due diligence, we plan to open a new upholstery manufacturing facility in Grand Prairie, Texas in February. The new plant will begin by producing a portion of the upholstery assortment for our stores and open market customers in the Texas area and west and should provide the additional capacity needs that we have for the foreseeable future.

Essex Sofa

Harlan Sectional

In October, we renewed our partnership with HGTV through calendar year 2019. We believe that our four year relationship with HGTV has made the communication of our retail design capabilities to the consumer more overt and intuitive. In short, the consumer "gets" the word "makeover" and what it implies in residential home furnishings parlance. With this, we have seen makeovers substantially grow as a percentage of our overall business. As a result, our average ticket has grown and our comparable store sales increase speaks for itself. Moving forward, we plan to further utilize the marketing power of HGTV by increasing our exposure on the network during key retail promotional periods. As part of our agreement, HGTV will professionally produce a number of :15 and :30 television commercials with our creative guidance each year. We have also agreed to continue our sponsorship of the HGTV Smart Home program in 2016, which last year generated 40 million entries in the accompanying sweepstakes, creating huge exposure for the Bassett brand. This year's Smart Home is located in Raleigh, North Carolina, an important corporate store market for us.

As always, the desire to maintain a strong balance sheet in a highly cyclical business is fundamental to our thinking. That said, we balance this premise against capital needs to maintain and grow Bassett's business and the obligation to return capital to our shareholders. Over the course of 2015, we invested almost $9 million in cash toward the Zenith acquisition and spent another $14 million to expand and improve our operations. In addition, the Company returned $7.9 million of capital to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. Thanks to the generation of over $32 million of operational cash flow, we were able to make these investments and distributions and end the year with over $59 million of cash and investments on the balance sheet. These capital allocation discussions will continue to be at the forefront of our planning in the future. At the time of this writing, the world equity markets have begun 2016 in turmoil and recent U.S. retail sales have been tepid. We firmly believe in our strategic direction but will monitor these unsettling trends with vigilance. In any event, I thank our shareholders, associates, customers, and our Board of Directors for their support in making 2015 a year of achievement for Bassett.

Robert H. Spilman, Jr. President & CEO

