LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS
Bassett continued its evolution towards a more retail focused company in 2004, taking the necessary steps to support our growing proprietary retail network. Net sales were $316 million, essentially flat with 2003 levels. Comprising the sales number was a 13% increase in Bassett Furniture Direct shipments ($20.3 million) offset by a $9.7 million decrease with smaller independent furniture stores and a $10.6 million decrease with JCPenney. This is the last year of the negative effect of the JCPenney account, as 2004 shipments were less than $1 million. Five years ago, Bassett's sales to JCPenney were approximately $60 million. Much focus is currently being directed toward better understanding the Bassett consumer. Building upon efforts initiated in 2004, we plan an extensive market segmentation study this year that will drive us to a more educated approach to economically reaching our customer. Furthermore, we will improve our service to our stores by leveraging the changes that we made to our field organization last year. This includes a higher level of competency for retail sales management and for our ICs (Idea Coordinators), our name for Bassett retail salespeople. Our fall introduction of the John Elway Home

We look forward to further improving the Bassett Furniture Direct stores ...
Amidst fewer distractions at the manufacturing level, we believe that we can build on the improvement that we made in 2004.
Net income for the year was $8.2 million or .69 per diluted share, compared to a net loss of $0.5 million in 2003. Results for 2004 included a gain of $3.9 million from the sale of our California Upholstery facility and the recognition of $4.1 million in restructuring and impaired asset charges. The downsizing of our manufacturing operations continued in 2004 with the February consolidation of our Hiddenite, N.C. Upholstery operation into our Newton, N.C. complex. In September, the Company closed its Macon, Ga. wall unit and entertainment center facility. This product has either been moved to our Mt. Airy, N.C. factory or replaced with imported product. Listed below are our facilities as they existed in 1999 and at the end of fiscal 2004. Entertainment Collection was very encouraging. We were able to leverage John's August induction into the NFL Hall of Fame into an unprecedented amount of publicity that created great momentum heading into the October market. Features in USA Today, the New York Times and the Wall Street Journal created anticipation around the product rollout that has allowed us to pre-sell the offering in advance of our late January 2005 advertising kickoff. Additionally, our Continental Sketchbook collection that debuted in April has already become our No. 2 seller in the BFD stores. This product features both imported and domestically produced pieces that should become mainstays for us in 2005. We look forward to further improving the Bassett Furniture Direct stores in 2005. Amidst fewer distractions at the manufacturing level, we believe that we can build on the improvement that we made in 2004. Throughout this tough process, Bassett has been blessed with an extremely capable Board of Directors. I regret that three of our more senior directors have announced their retirement. Alan Dickson has served since 1989 and has brought business experience, a balanced outlook, and his own personal charm to our meetings. Mike Murphy has served as a director since 1997. Mike's no-nonsense approach has made him the quintessential Audit Chairman amidst very unsettling times in the world of public corporations. Finally, we will miss the broad experience that Willie Davis has provided since 1997. Looking forward, I welcome Bill Warden, Sen. William Wampler, and George Henderson to the Bassett Board. Each of these gentlemen has already exemplified a commitment to our Company that will serve our stockholders well in the future. I conclude by thanking all of Bassett's associates and stockholders for their support of the Company in 2004.

1999
WOOD
Bassett Superior Mt. Airy Plant Martinsville Plant Bassett Fiberboard J. D. Bassett Bassett Chair Bassett Table Dublin Plant Bassett, VA Mt. Airy, NC Martinsville, VA Bassett, VA Bassett, VA Bassett, VA Bassett, VA Dublin, GA

2004

Bassett Superior Mt. Airy Plant Martinsville Plant Bassett Fiberboard

Bassett, VA Mt. Airy, NC Martinsville, VA Bassett, VA

UPHOLSTERY
Newton Plant Weiman Los Angeles Plant Claremont Plant Conover Plant Hiddenite Plant Dumas Plant Newton, NC Christiansburg, VA Los Angeles, CA Claremont, NC Conover, NC Hiddenite, NC Dumas, Ark Newton Plant Weiman Newton, NC Christiansburg, VA

After five years of continuous downsizing, our manufacturing appetite is now more properly aligned with our new distribution model. Although the world economy's influence on our business remains fluid, the work schedules for our remaining plants will be at a higher level of capacity than experienced for the past several years. Fiscal 2004 ended with 116 BFD stores in operation. Plans are to grow the network between 20-25 stores in 2005. New markets for this year will include the San Francisco Bay area, Sacramento, Toronto, Tampa, and Palm Beach and Broward counties in Florida.

Robert H. Spilman, Jr.
President and Chief Executive Officer

3

