                                2018 can be described as a transition year for Bassett as we are taking a number of steps to shape the company’s capabilities for the future. These measures are partially responsible for the decline in our financial performance for the year, along with the lower-than-expected delivered sales levels in our corporate retail division. We are making progress but still have much work to do in creating a robust digital journey that seamlessly integrates with our brick and mortar Bassett Home Furnishings store operations to provide a truly unique consumer experience. The investments that these efforts demand will continue to affect our operational performance in 2019 but we are firmly focused on improvement in the near term and in the years ahead as we conduct this
important work.
Consolidated revenue for the year grew modestly to $457 million. Growth in our wholesale segment was mainly attributable to the revenue provided by our newly-acquired Lane Venture outdoor furniture division. Revenue derived from our corporate retail division and from our logistical services segment were virtually the same as recorded in 2017. Adjusted net income, after one-time items, declined from $15.8 million in 2017 to $10.1 million for the year ended November 24, 2018.
By virtue of opening 6 new corporate and 2 new licensed stores in 2018, we grew our store count total to 97 by year end. We also closed our Spring, Texas location and moved up the road to the booming community of The Woodlands. Expansion of the store network was our intent back in 2015 when we hired a VP of Real Estate/ Store Development and began to search the country to sign leases in appropriate locations. In 2019, we will open another 6 new corporate stores, reposition another, and open a new licensed store. By year end, our store count should reach 104 locations – 71 corporate and
33 licensed. While we are excited to operate a larger base of stores and enter some new markets, we plan to significantly slow our expansion later this year as we absorb and manage the stores that we have opened over the past 3 years. Furthermore, we plan to study the nuances of our Generation 3 prototype store that debuted in September in Frisco, Texas. Inside, our custom furniture and interior design capabilities are showcased through a much larger design center, an expanded display of accessories, and a new fixture package. Our designers are using wall-mounted touch screens and lightweight laptops to help our customers design their personalized products in every area of the store. New visualization software has been installed to depict the myriad frame, fabric and trim options that are available in much higher resolution than was heretofore available. While we have much to learn about the functionality of the Generation 3 store, the store’s early performance makes us optimistic as to the potential of our new experiential retail format. Ultimately, we plan to pollinate our existing high-volume stores with the key features of the Generation 3 store once we understand the best way to implement a retro-fit.
The evolution of our marketing strategy and the means in which we engage the consumer accelerated in 2018. The allocation of our marketing dollars partially migrated away from our traditional mix of television and direct mail to a heavier dose of digital marketing, largely in the form of social media. We installed new tracking software to monitor the productivity of the various elements of the new strategy. To offer a linear experience from initial engagement all the way through to post transaction, we installed a cloud based Custom Relationship Management platform that will connect us with our customer throughout the entire buying process. In August, we opened
To Our Shareholders

                                a centralized customer service center in Martinsville, Virginia, that can digitally track the consumer’s transaction, schedule delivery, and communicate until the furniture is in the home and the customer is satisfied. Due to the associated executional risk, we have engaged outside experts and hired new staff to manage these transformative endeavors. These are big steps for Bassett that we believe are necessary to remain competitive in the real time retail environment of today and will consume a high percentage of management’s attention until these competencies have been embedded into our culture.
Some things about the furniture business have not changed so much – namely, good product is essential to success. In that light, we added new programs and updated others in 2018. Clean, contemporary styling is taking a larger portion of market share in the industry, particularly in metropolitan areas. After discussions with a long time industry participant and polling our best designers, we launched Bassett Modern in February. We dedicated a quadrant of the store to the effort that includes bedroom, dining, upholstery and occasional furniture. We are pleased with the results and are committed to the modern sensibility as evidenced by our upcoming expansion of the assortment for President’s Day 2019. Our casual dining program was embellished in 2018 with the addition of a new finish pallet, new table base and top materials, and new chairs. Partially as a result of this makeover, our Martinsville table plant enjoyed a record year of sales and profits. Finally, our HGTV HOME Design Studio by Bassett custom upholstery collection was totally reinvented. After 19 years of growth, this stalwart began to slow down in 2018, particularly in the back half of the year. Our traditional retail customers and our store personnel have enthusiastically embraced “New Custom” and we have seen encouraging retail results during the first few weeks of January.
We began fiscal 2018 with the acquisition of Lane Venture (LV) in December 2017. The Lane Venture brand has great equity with the outdoor furniture community but had fallen on hard times under the two previous management teams. There has been a tremendous effort involved in bringing this division up to Bassett standards. We have opened a new manufacturing cell, a new warehouse, two new wholesale showrooms, hired new sales reps, and introduced a new range of products to revive the brand. Importantly, we have applied Bassett’s quick response manufacturing paradigm to LV and we are now shipping special order product in two weeks. Obviously, we believe in the long term potential of LV and of the outdoor category in general. In fact, in early 2020 we will introduce a completely separate line of products under the Bassett Outdoor name. These products will be sold exclusively in Bassett stores, allowing us to further serve the total home needs of our customers. We sell the preponderance of our products in the modern open plan “great rooms” so popular today. Bassett Outdoor will allow us to provide the solution for consumers that live “indoor/ outdoor” on the patios that are so often adjacent to the great room. We look forward to serving the traditional outdoor specialty store community with Lane Venture and the Bassett customer with Bassett Outdoor in 2019 and beyond.
Another growth avenue for Bassett is our accessory business which includes area rugs, window treatments, lighting, mirrors, wall mounted clocks, wall art and decorative pillows. The core category within all of this is our area rug program that has grown to be the catalyst of many of our interior design projects. We are making our accessory capabilities more obvious in our stores with wall mounted fixtures adjacent to the design center to highlight the whole home assortment strategy. Also, we are architecting a web based direct-to-home model intended to promote more frequent interaction with our brand. Injecting an everyday transactional layer

                                                                            New Custom Upholstery
Custom Dining
        
                                to our sales mix in tandem with our proven design makeover business is the combination that we are building for the future.
Our Zenith Freight Lines division faced a number of challenges that required operational adjustments in 2018. The well-chronicled labor shortage that confronts the U.S. trucking industry intensified its effect on Zenith. We announced Zenith’s exit from the home delivery business, driven largely by the desire to focus on the legacy 3PL and middle mile segments for which Zenith is highly regarded in the furniture industry. Demand for its services in these areas remains high and the renewed focus on these core competencies should allow more time to be spent on over the road driver recruitment and refinement of the operating model. Profitability should also improve as the competing priorities and scheduling demands of the e-commerce community did not mesh well with the white glove requirements of delivering high quality Bassett furniture to the home. Consequently, we brought the 10 home delivery centers that Zenith operated back into the Bassett fold to concentrate solely on delivering a high quality experience to our customers. We enter 2019 contemplating a renewed emphasis on our “30 days in the home” commitment for custom furniture and an even faster delivery promise for simpler transactions.
Our Board of Directors has been one of our strengths as we have navigated the shifting sands of globalization, distribution, finance and technological innovation since our first foray into retail in 1997. Leading the charge throughout this interesting journey had been our Chairman Emeritus, Mr. Paul Fulton, who will not be standing for re-election to the board this year. Paul joined the Bassett board in 1994 after retiring as Dean of the Kenan Flagler Business School at The University of North Carolina. Prior to that, Paul had an extremely successful career leading Hanes, Inc. as CEO
Mr. Fulton, Mr. Spilman
and as President of Sara Lee Corporation after its acquisition of Hanes. Paul became CEO of Bassett in 1997 and became non-executive Chairman of the Company in 2000. He joined the Bassett management team at a crucial time as offshore competition was at a fever pitch and we were in the nascent phases of opening our retail network. Paul was not a “furniture man” but he was (and is) an outstanding, experienced businessman who was truly the right man at the right time. His focus on gross margin generation and operational accountability are part of his legacy here at Bassett. And his mentorship of many of us on the management team will never be forgotten. Looking ahead, we welcomed Ms. Virginia Hamlet to the board in the spring of 2018. Virginia is a savvy entrepreneur who has already been a positive contributor to our group and we look forward to her insight in the years ahead.
I thank my fellow associates, our Board of Directors, our customers, and our shareholders for their contributions and support in 2018.
Rob Spilman Chairman/CEO
   