To Our Shareholders, 2012 was a year of solid improvement in your Company's operating performance. All three divisions ­ upholstery, wood, and corporate retail, were able to post sales gains and higher operating profits. Operating income, after restructuring charges, improved to $5.1 million. Net income was $26.7 million, which included two unusual items that will be discussed later in this report. We believe that our strategic plan is sound and we look forward to generating additional growth and profitability in 2013. Consolidated net sales for 2012 amounted to $269,700,000 compared to $253,200,000 in 2011, an increase of 6.5%. As mentioned last year, we believe that taking market share to improve our top line sales is crucial to leveraging our operating expenses and producing the financial results for which we strive. As the year progressed, our sales momentum continued to grow and results improved. Wholesale sales for 2012 were $185,200,000; 4.4% higher than last year. Interestingly, all of this growth occurred in the fourth quarter. As you know, Bassett Home Furnishings (BHF) stores, our largest sales channel, have been through a tumultuous few years during the housing bust. Symptomatic of this struggle has been the takeover of licensee owned retail operations and the outright closing of many stores. In 2012, we finally came through this period of upheaval. Although we did close five more stores, three new ones were opened. Three stores were also acquired and at year end we had 86 locations in the network compared to 88 last year. We do not anticipate a material number of store closings or takeovers in the future. Wholesale shipments to our stores were only up 1% for the year, but grew by 11% for the fourth quarter, signifying the stabilization of our network. At year end, 53 stores were Companyowned and operated and the remaining 33 stores were licensed locations. We believe that the stronger platform that is now in place can grow the Company as new stores open in the future. Wholesale shipments to retailers outside of the BHF store network grew by 10% in 2012. As previously noted, we believe meaningful opportunity exists for market share gains in geographic areas that are not in conflict with our stores and these efforts continue to bear fruit. Augmenting this initiative in 2012 was the opening of a new wholesale showroom at the WMC in Las Vegas. Also, several new wholesale sales representatives joined Bassett during the year. In 2013, we plan to open a Midwest wholesale distribution center in Indianapolis, expand our showroom at the IHFC in High Point, and add more sales representatives. Our corporate store operations continued to exhibit the trend of enhanced performance in 2012 that has been in place the past few years. In addition to reducing store operating losses by 54%, the division turned in a 9% annual comparable store sales increase, the best in recent memory. In the fourth quarter, the achievement of 15% comparable sales was outstanding. Total corporate retail sales in fiscal 2012 came in at $171,600,000, representing a 16% growth rate. The combination of a strong product assortment, good looking stores, highly trained designers, effective marketing programs, and superior levels of customer service has matured our proposition into a unique experience in our industry that is resonating with consumers. In 2013, we look forward to opening five to seven new stores and repositioning two others into better retail locations. Finally, we will test a new small store concept designed to better highlight our industry leading custom upholstery capabilities. Our manufacturing and wholesale sourcing operations both benefited from the retail and open market sales growth just referenced. Total upholstery sales were $106,800,000, a 7% increase. Updates to our CU2 custom program and the development of our offshore cut and sew capabilities were difference makers. The work schedules in our Newton, NC manufacturing facility were as robust as they have been in years, particularly during the last four months of the year. This allowed the upholstery division to increase annual operating profits by 8%. Our wood division had more modest growth in revenue and divisional operating profits, but were positive nonetheless. The contemporary Cosmopolitan collection was particularly successful. We also enjoyed the rejuvenation of the formal dining room category, one that has been particularly tough in recent years. As you know, the Company has entered into a licensing agreement with The Scripps Network's Home and Garden Television (HGTV) network. The first nine months of 2012

involved a tremendous amount of development time for our open market, retail store planning, and product development organizations in the creation of new products, retail point of purchase materials, and print and electronic advertising creative development. Over the course of the summer, we transformed the design centers in our BHF stores to the "HGTV® HOME Design Studio at Bassett." The concept debuted on HGTV national cable television this past Labor Day weekend. Designed to emphasize our unique home makeover capabilities, the marketing campaign drove dramatic increases in our HGTV HOME Design Studio custom upholstery products, which was partially responsible for the exciting fourth quarter comparable store sales number mentioned earlier. On the open market front, we opened an HGTV HOME product showroom in April. Targeted to "Top 100" and other substantial independent furniture retailers, the HGTV HOME open market line has begun to hit floors and will be formally launched in a national television promotion with all HGTV partners in March. We look forward to realizing the full potential of this important effort in the years to come. As mentioned, there were two unusual items that weighed positively on our income statement in 2012. We received the final distribution resulting from the CDSOA (Byrd amendment) in April, amounting to $9.0 million. The money from this distribution is being challenged at the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal circuit by competitors who claim that they are actually entitled to these funds. Depending on the outcome, there could potentially be a "claw back" from this 2012 distribution. We also realized an $18.7 million tax benefit that significantly enhanced our bottom line. This represented the re-establishment of certain deferred tax assets (the estimated tax benefit of deductions which we expect to take on future tax returns) that were previously written-off in 2008. With the current level of profitability and the prospects for improved future profitability, we believe that these assets will ultimately be realized as these deductions offset future taxable income, reducing our future cash tax payments. Your Board of Directors spent extra time in 2012 deliberating the best course of action in regards to Bassett's capital allocation strategy. In January, a special dividend of $.50/share was paid to shareholders in addition to the announcement of an increase of the quarterly dividend to the current $.05/share. With the amount of liquidity

remaining on the balance sheet and the uncertainty surrounding future tax rates in mind, a second special dividend of $1.25/share was paid to shareholders in October. Additionally, the Company purchased 644,395 shares in the open market, or 5.7% of the total shares outstanding at the beginning of 2012. All in all, it was a good year to own Bassett stock as more than $28 million was returned to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. The past few years have made the direct relationship between the general economy and our industry painfully apparent. Furthermore, the inability of Washington to intelligently address our escalating national deficit is a source of deep concern for all reasonable Americans. With those two caveats in mind, we do feel more confident about the future prospects for our business than we have in some time. We certainly feel better about our Bassett Home Furnishings stores than ever, although we still have room to improve. Several first generation stores will be relocated over the next few years, which should really help. We now know that a smaller store can generate similar sales to some of the original bigger ones with substantially lower operating costs. We look forward to implementing these relocations and improving profitability. And we are equally excited about the prospects for independent retail growth that we have before us. We have strengthened our sales organization and have the product breadth, logistics capabilities, and financial strength to become a key supplier to major independents that we are not currently selling. In closing, I would like to thank our Shareholders, our Board members, our customers, and our suppliers for their support of Bassett in 2012. Finally, I look forward to the journey in 2013 and beyond with our 1400 Bassett associates.

Robert H. Spilman, Jr. President & CEO

