   Leading the Way
LETTER
 To Our Shareholders and Employees:
2001 was a defining year for Boston Scientific. It was the year we introduced the ExpressTM coronary stent in European and other international markets, 14 short months after beginning development. It was the year we reported dramatic clinical results on the safety and efficacy of our TaxusTM drug-eluting stent, with zero percent thrombosis and zero percent restenosis. It was the year we established 12 new business relationships through acquisitions and alliances. And it was a year of growth for nearly every division and region of the company. Above all, it was a year of reaffirming our legacy as innovators, pioneers and leaders.
New product development and our expanding clinical affairs competency led to 22 product approvals and clearances from the U.S. Food & Drug Administration (FDA) and 25 CE Mark approvals in Europe. We now have approximately 4,000 patients enrolled in various clinical trials worldwide, with plans to enroll 2,000 more this year.
  Jim Tobin
PRESIDENT AND
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Pete Nicholas
CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD
Innovation
The signal achievement of the past year was the develop- ment, manufacture and launch of our Express coronary stent by our own internal development team. Designed and built to meet the real-world needs of clinicians, the Express stent offers an impressive combination of deliverability and structural support. Our share of the European and international coronary stent markets grew by more than 30 percent in the first three months following the September launch of the Express stent. With the successful design and production of the Express stent, we met our own challenge to create what we believe is the world’s finest coronary stent and bring
it to market in just over a year.
 
Another significant development was the progress made in our TaxusTM drug-eluting coronary stent program, which we believe will help to reshape the treatment of coronary artery disease. Later this year, we will introduce the Taxus drug-eluting stent in several international markets. European, U.S. and Japanese trials will further test the safety and performance of the stent under a variety of clinical conditions. If results continue to be positive, the Taxus stent holds promise as a future treatment for a wide range of vascular disease patients. The safety and efficacy of our drug-eluting stent may make it a device not only for treating blocked arteries with unprecedented success, but eventually for treating a variety of lesions and vessels that would otherwise require coronary bypass surgery.
Our tradition of providing clinicians with the best devices led to the development and introduction last year of the new Maverick® balloon catheter. Our philosophy of designing to customers’ needs helped the Maverick catheter earn wide acceptance quickly, building our overall share of the balloon catheter market to more than 55 percent worldwide.
The ExpressTM and Taxus stents will be launched in the U.S. on modified Maverick catheters, delivering what we believe to be the world’s premier coronary stents on the premier delivery systems.
All three of these innovations were developed internally by Boston Scientific R&D teams and were built on intellectual property either invented or acquired by or licensed to Boston Scientific.
Our commitment to innovation is further demonstrated by our rapidly expanding clinical capabilities. In 2001, the number of patients in Boston Scientific clinical trials increased nearly tenfold. Our expanded clinical affairs team focused clinical trials on products and technologies with the greatest market potential. The rapid pace of innovation in the medical device industry demands sound clinical trials not only to support regulatory requirements but also to demonstrate safe and effective clinical per- formance. We believe that the expertise of our clinical affairs team provides us with a significant and growing competitive advantage.
Endosurgery
Our Endosurgery group was created to enhance the growth of our oncology, vascular surgery, endoscopy, urology and gynecology businesses by leveraging new technologies and market development capabilities, talent and resources. Building on a legacy of new products and continuous product advancements, the Endosurgery business grew eight percent in 2001 and represented 31 percent of Boston Scientific revenues.
Our oncology and vascular surgery businesses develop technologies used by oncologists, interventional radiologists, and general and vascular surgeons. Among the promising new procedures being developed by the Endosurgery group is an alternative treatment for man- aging uterine fibroid disease (UFD), which has historically been remedied by hysterectomy and myomectomy. Approximately one-third of the 600,000 women undergoing hysterectomies in the U.S. each year may soon be treated less invasively, with a procedure that cuts off the blood supply to tumors without affecting the surrounding tissue. The technology is currently in U.S. clinical trials.

Our endoscopy team develops technologies for use by gastroenterologists, pulmonologists and thoracic surgeons for the treatment of diseases of the gastrointestinal tract and the lungs. One of its biggest opportunities is a new treatment for gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), commonly known as heartburn. Over-the-counter and prescription medications to treat GERD are worth more than $10 billion annually to the pharmaceutical industry in the U.S. alone. In alliance with Enteric Medical Technologies, we offer a less-invasive technology that seeks to address the root physiological cause of reflux. Currently in clinical trials, the treatment holds promise to ease the suffering of hundreds of thousands of people in the U.S.
Our urology and gynecology business is a leading developer of medical technologies used by urologists, urogynecologists and gynecologists for the diagnosis and treatment of genitourinary tract diseases, incontinence and pelvic floor disorders. Our alliance with Lumenis, Ltd., the world’s largest marketer of holmium laser systems used for kidney stone removal, will greatly enhance our kidney stone management product offering in the U.S. and Japan. Our alliance with Carbon Medical Technologies will provide U.S. physicians a new choice for treating female incontinence. We expect that these alliances, along with several new products developed internally, will provide significant new growth opportunities for years to come.
The Endosurgery group has recently added new market development and clinical affairs resources to capitalize on several new product opportunities. We expect the Endosurgery group to continue to be a significant contributor to the growth of Boston Scientific.
Acquisitions and Alliances
Innovation for Boston Scientific has always meant com- bining internally developed products and technologies with those we have obtained externally through our licensing and acquisition activities. Acquired technologies are intended to augment our own innovations, expand the Boston Scientific product portfolio and grow our top line. This year, we established new business relationships with 12 companies. A comprehensive list of these acquisitions and strategic alliances may be found later in this report.
In April, we acquired Interventional Technologies, Inc. (IVT), a company with a technology that has the potential, over time, to revolutionize the treatment of coronary and peripheral artery diseases. The Cutting Balloon® catheter is the first completely new means of dilating arteries since the beginning of balloon angioplasty in the 1970s. Tiny scalpels mounted on the balloon create small incisions that relieve stress in the artery as the balloon inflates. Clinicians quickly discovered the benefits of the device, enabling us to nearly double its U.S. market share in six months. Recently, we combined our technology with IVT’s to bring to the U.S. market a MonorailTM version of this device. IVT also brings a rich history of metallurgical expertise that will contribute to our development of future drug-eluting coronary and peripheral vascular stents.

In February, we acquired Embolic Protection, Inc. (EPI), makers of the FilterWireTM EX device. It captures material dislodged into the bloodstream during cardiovascular interventions, potentially preventing a heart attack or stroke. The acquisition of EPI accelerates our entry into the embolic protection market, one of the most promising growth areas in interventional medicine, and advances our strategy of developing endovascular therapies for the prevention of stroke and heart attack.
The FilterWire EX device received the European CE Mark in October 2000. Two U.S. clinical trials are in progress, designed to evaluate the benefits of stenting in conjunction with embolic protection for the treatment of carotid artery disease and saphenous vein grafts. Early clinical results have been very positive. We believe that once trials are complete, the FilterWire EX device can become the stan- dard of care for many interventional stent placements and other interventional cardiovascular procedures.
In August, we moved to strengthen our electrophysiology business and acquired Cardiac Pathways Corporation which designs and markets less-invasive systems to diagnose and treat cardiac tachyarrhythmias (abnormally rapid heart rhythms). Cardiac Pathways’ products consist principally of systems for therapeutic radiofrequency ablation and diagnostic mapping. These devices broaden our existing product line, adding highly advanced tools that focus on the most complex cardiac rhythm disorders. Treatment for cardiac tachyarrhythmias represents the most significant growth opportunity in this market.
Worldwide Performance
The execution and efficiency of our European operations have improved markedly, and the results are reflected in recent performance. Our share of the European coronary stent market has doubled since the ExpressTMstent was launched. We believe this is an example of what we may expect as we look forward to future introductions of this product in other markets.
While Japan remains a strong market for Boston Scientific, 2002 will likely be a relatively quiet year as we prepare for new product introductions. Japanese regulatory approval of the Express stent is anticipated in 2003. Experience indicates that we may expect a very enthusi- astic Japanese acceptance of new devices for treating coronary artery disease.
Other international markets – what we call Inter-Continental – are a mix of nations with highly developed health care systems, emerging fast-growth economies, and areas with significant market development potential. We plan to conduct an increasing amount of clinical trial work in the Inter-Continental markets, leveraging our relationships with leading physicians and their clinical research programs. Early clinical feedback from these programs often sets the course for clinical trials in the rest of the world. Our growing international reach and continuing push for new product development has created 20 to 30 percent average annual growth in these markets over the past several years.

People and Progress
Throughout the year, we constantly challenged ourselves to improve, and we made tremendous progress. We strengthened our people and performance across the entire organization. Highlights included:
• WewarmlywelcomedtwonewmemberstoourBoard of Directors, Dr. Marye Anne Fox and Dr. Ernest Mario. Their extensive scientific and technological backgrounds make them exceptionally well qualified to help guide our innovation efforts. We wished John Pepper well as he resigned from our board to reassume executive leadership responsibilities at Procter & Gamble. We would like to take this opportunity to thank John for his distinguished service and important contributions.
• We received promising data from our Taxus I, II and III drug-eluting stent trials, which provided further encouragement about the potential of this innovative new therapy.
• We received approval from the FDA to initiate Taxus IV, our clinical trial to support product commer- cialization in the United States.
• We maintained our ongoing focus on operational excellence, and we were gratified that much of the success we enjoyed in 2001 was a result of the lasting operational improvements we instituted over the past several years.
• We significantly expanded our innovation capabilities, particularly in the area of stents where we have a full complement of technology that extends far beyond our current offerings. Our assets include expertise in stent design and materials, catheter delivery systems, coatings and iterative product platforms.
• We continued to pay close attention to our customers. We expanded our worldwide team of seasoned sales representatives and extended our reach into new markets and geographies.
• We opened a Federal Affairs office, establishing a direct presence in Washington. The Federal Affairs team represents and protects our company’s and our industry’s interests in the public policy arena.
• Pete Nicholas announced his intention to further reduce his involvement in the management of the company, completing the planned transition from his executive role. In doing so, he officially reaffirmed Jim Tobin’s leadership and effectiveness.
The achievements of the past year brought us a step closer to realizing our goals of becoming the best and most respected medical device company, and of providing patients and physicians the most innovative and effective products and technologies. 2001 was a year of reaffir- mation for Boston Scientific. We plan to capitalize on our progress and carry the momentum of 2001 into 2002.
We will focus keenly on the U.S. launch of the ExpressTM stent and on bringing the TaxusTM drug-eluting stent to the European and other international markets. We will continue to grow our top line with a product pipeline that will be sustained through internal development and external acquisition. And we will continue to strengthen our ability to attract and retain the talented people who fuel our relentless drive for new and better innovations and upon whom our success has always depended.
Respectfully,
Jim Tobin
PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
March 21, 2002
Pete Nicholas
CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD
  