LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS FROM THE CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CEO BOSTON SCIENTIFIC 2017 ANNUAL REPORT 1
Dear Shareholders:
Advancing science for life is about transforming lives through innovative medical solutions that improve patient lives, create value for our customers, and support our employees and the communities in which we operate. In 2017, the world faced significant political turmoil, social unrest and natural disasters. While these challenges have shaken the global community, they have strengthened the commitment of Boston Scientific—and our 29,000 employees—to the values that define and guide our company. Now more than ever, we have a responsibility to apply those values to everything we do—as a global business and as a global corporate citizen.
   Working together, we have delivered on our commitment
to shareholders to achieve consistent, sustainable growth. We have served patients and customers with meaningful product innovations, and we have supported employees and communities in need. We have done this by sustaining ethical and inclusive business practices. This year, for the first time, we are publishing a combined report on the financial, social and environmental performance of our business. It is available at www.bostonscientific.com/performancereport.
I’m proud of the many successes we achieved in 2017; first and foremost, working together to help improve the lives of 25 million patients. Here are some other noteworthy accomplishments:
Introducing approximately 100 product innovations that are helping to improve outcomes and reduce healthcare spending Investing almost one billion dollars in research and development
Increasing our use of renewable and cleaner energy sources to achieve a 40% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions and a 25% decrease in water consumption1
Supporting local communities around the world with more than 42,000 employee volunteer hours at hundreds of events for science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) initia- tives, environmental restoration, and programs to improve neighborhoods, schools and communities
Raising more than $4 million for our Employee Disaster Relief Fund as well as other disaster relief efforts to support Boston Scientific employees affected by natural disasters, particularly our team in Puerto Rico
Piloting new approaches to increase the diversity of patients enrolled in clinical trials
We accomplished all of this while also improving productivity, reducing costs, and redirecting savings to high-growth technolo- gies, strategic investments and our future portfolio.
2017 BUSINESS RESULTS
We achieved full-year sales of $9.048 billion, representing
7 percent organic sales growth.2 The ongoing diversification of our portfolio helped fuel these results, with organic sales growth of 10 percent in MedSurg, 5 percent in Cardiovascular and 4 percent in Rhythm Management.2
Full-year adjusted earnings per share grew 13 percent to $1.26, despite absorbing an $0.08 unfavorable impact from foreign exchange.3
Our common stock returned 15 percent. Our five- and three-year total shareholder returns have consistently outpaced the S&P 500 index, growing 333 percent and 87 percent, respectively,
as a result of focused execution of our strategy and disciplined diversification of our portfolio into faster growth markets.
We expanded our business in global markets, with total annual sales from emerging markets4 increasing 15 percent compared to prior year and our business in China growing 20 percent. Approximately 10 percent of our total annual sales come from emerging markets.4 We expect to continue to expand into new markets and regions and to make our technologies available to more people in need.
During the past three years, we have achieved average organic revenue growth of 7 percent, combined with a 480 basis point improvement in adjusted operating margin.2,3 Over the same three-year period, we delivered an average 14.5 percent growth in adjusted earnings per share.3
We aim to continue achieving strong sales and adjusted earnings per share growth over the next three years.
PURSUIT OF EXCELLENCE
Working in healthcare carries significant responsibilities. Across our business, our teams have challenged the status quo and strived to do more to create value for our customers and the patients whom we serve together.
Improving Heart Failure Management
The Boston Scientific Rhythm Management business launched the ResonateTM family of implantable cardioverter defibrillator and cardiac resynchronization therapy defibrillator systems. Both systems, referred to as ICDs and CRT-Ds, respectively, feature the HeartLogicTM Heart Failure Diagnostic, an alert with physiologic sensors that detect early signs of worsening heart failure. These devices are approved in the U.S. and Europe for conditional use in a magnetic resonance imaging environment
      1 Compared to the 2009 baseline.   2 Organic growth rates are non-GAAP measures that exclude the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and the sales from the acquisitions of the American Medical Systems male urology portfolio, EndoChoice Holdings Inc., and Symetis SA over the prior year period; see non-GAAP reconciliations on page 5.   3 Adjusted operating margin, adjusted earnings per share and their related growth rates are non-GAAP measures that exclude the impacts of amortization expense, intangible asset impairment charges, acquisition- and divestiture-related
net charges and credits, restructuring and restructuring-related net charges and credits, litigation-related net charges, pension termination charges, debt extinguishment charges, certain investment impairments and/or certain tax items; see non-GAAP reconciliations on page 5.   4 We define emerging markets as including certain countries that we believe have strong growth potential based on their economic conditions, healthcare sectors and our global capabilities. Currently, we include 20 countries in our definition of emerging markets.

2 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS FROM THE CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CEO
BOSTON SCIENTIFIC 2017 ANNUAL REPORT
and include our SmartCRTTM Technology and industry-leading EnduraLifeTM Battery—technologies that allow physicians to tailor device settings according to individual patient needs, without fear of draining battery life and causing unnecessary replacement procedures. A growing body of data validates use of our devices with EnduraLife batteries. In its medical technology guidance, the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence in the United Kingdom recommended the use of Boston Scientific CRT-Ds, powered by EnduraLife Battery Technology, for treating patients with heart failure.
Meaningful Innovation in Neuromodulation
Our Neuromodulation business achieved regulatory milestones with approval for the VerciseTM Deep Brain Stimulation System (DBS) in the U.S., and CE mark for the VerciseTM GeviaTM DBS System5 for the treatment of movement disorder symptoms
in patients with Parkinson’s disease. The Vercise technology platform, first launched in Europe in 2012, stimulates a targeted region of the brain through implanted leads. The Vercise Gevia DBS System is the industry’s first magnetic resonance-condi- tional6 directional DBS system that allows clinicians to visualize the stimulation field, which gives them more information to con- figure DBS stimulation programs for patients. This technology platform is an important new treatment option to help improve quality of life for patients living with this debilitating condition.
SOLUTIONS THAT MATTER MOST
We focus on delivering solutions that make the greatest differ- ence for patients and healthcare systems. We use a disciplined portfolio management strategy to guide our investments in clinical trials, research and development, strategic collaborations and innovative early-stage companies.
Reducing the Risk of Stroke and Severe Bleeding
Physicians in more than 375 healthcare centers in the U.S. have been trained on our WATCHMANTM Left Atrial Appendage Closure (LAAC) Device and can offer the technology to patients suffering from non-valvular atrial fibrillation who want an alternative to long-term oral anticoagulant therapy. In 2017, the technology continued to receive validation in clinical trials and clinical practice as a safe and effective therapeutic alternative for stroke risk reduction in indicated high-risk patients. New data from the PREVAIL and PROTECT-AF randomized clinical trials and the EWOLUTION European Registry further confirmed the clinical efficacy of the WATCHMAN Device. We initiated the SALUTE trial to pursue regulatory approval in Japan, and we began enrollment in the ASAP TOO trial to evaluate the use of the WATCHMAN Device in patients unsuitable for oral anticoagulation, which could lead to expanded labeling in the U.S.
Strategic Acquisitions
In 2017, we acquired two companies and made more than a dozen strategic investments in support of our category leadership strategy and to enhance our presence in faster growing markets. In Electrophysiology, we acquired Apama Medical, an investment that is expected to broaden our differentiated arrhythmia solu- tions to include a single-shot, multi-electrode technology that
is designed to deliver differentiated energy levels and short- ened procedure times. In the structural heart space, our most recent investment, Millipede, Inc., announced in January 2018, includes an acquisition option agreement and expands our portfolio in mitral regurgitation. Our acquisition of Symetis,
SA reflects our commitment to being a leader in transcatheter aortic valve replacement (TAVR) and structural heart technolo- gies. The ACURATETM Aortic Valve Platform complements our LOTUSTM Valve platform7 and supports our goal to provide interventional cardiologists and cardiac surgeons with multiple TAVR offerings for different patient pathologies and anatomies. Upon completion of the Symetis acquisition, we began selling the ACURATE TATM and ACURATE neoTM/TFTM Valve Systems in Europe and other regions outside of the United States. We have accelerated our 2018 plans for the ACURATE Valve products while we continue to work on the LOTUS Valve platform.
Expansion into New Markets
In addition to focusing on higher growth areas within our
served markets, we are entering new adjacent markets
that we estimate will present more than $15 billion in market opportunities by 2021. We have the platforms, technologies
and services in place to address significant unmet clinical needs in large patient populations. Our Endoscopy business is investing in technologies for endoluminal surgery, which is emerging
as an alternative to surgical resection of gastrointestinal
cancers or pre-cancerous lesions. Following the November 2016 acquisition of EndoChoice Holdings, Inc., we are accelerating the development and launch of products and solutions in pathology and infection prevention. Our Urology and Pelvic Health business is investing in technologies to enhance visualization and address cancer and overactive bladder. Our Cardiovascular businesses have multiple opportunities, including new drug-eluting and interventional oncology technologies. We believe these market opportunities will position us to deliver consistent, above-market revenue growth.
DEEPEST COLLABORATION
Our ability to provide meaningful innovation is a result of collab- oration by a diversity of people, experiences and perspectives. Now more than ever, we need to collaborate across boundaries to understand a complex and evolving healthcare landscape in which many customers are transitioning to value-based care. Patients are the shared focus that guides our work to develop innovation that improves outcomes and creates long-term value.
5 The Vercise Gevia DBS System with Vercise Cartesia Directional Lead is not available for use or sale in the U.S.   6 1.5 Tesla MR Conditional when all conditions of use are met.   7 The LOTUS Valve System is not available for sale.

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS FROM THE CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CEO
BOSTON SCIENTIFIC 2017 ANNUAL REPORT 3
Supporting Value-Based Care
In addition to providing technologies that improve patient outcomes, we also need to ensure we are doing even more to benefit the healthcare system as a whole by innovating in areas such as diagnostics, digital health and services that can help improve how hospital systems operate.
Our ADVANTICS Innovative Healthcare Solutions portfolio
helps customers achieve and sustain cost, quality and growth targets. Examples include standardizing care for patients with chronic cardiovascular diseases and performance optimization solutions focused on patient flow. Our Endoscopy business
is also offering solutions such as lab optimization, endoscope maintenance and specialized pathology services to help hospitals and ambulatory surgery centers improve care while increasing efficiency.
We are globalizing research and development and localizing physician training at our four R&D centers and nine Institutes for Advancing Science in the Americas, Africa, Asia and Europe. We recently opened a new manufacturing facility in Penang, Malaysia to expand our presence in the Asia-Pacific region, and to support local R&D and new business development activities.
Health Equity
Boston Scientific is leading efforts to promote health equity
for patients through our Close the Gap initiative. Close the Gap teams share data with hospitals across the U.S. to increase awareness of cardiovascular disease prevalence and treatment disparities among women and minorities in their communities. These data help hospitals identify objectives, action plans and metrics to track progress on closing healthcare gaps among high-risk patients. As part of Close the Gap, we are conducting additional analysis of our PLATINUM Diversity study to further evaluate the clinical outcomes of the Promus PREMIERTM Everolimus-Eluting Platinum Coronary Stent in women and minorities. The Boston Scientific WIN-HerTM Initiative is piloting new approaches to patient education, provider-patient com- munication and investigative site training in two randomized cardiovascular medical device trials designed to increase female participation rates in clinical trials. The ultimate goal of these programs is to guide clinical investigators in designing trials
that reflect our culturally rich and diverse population.
Our People
Everything we have achieved has been made possible by the talent, diversity and winning spirit of our employees around the world. Because of their hard work, Boston Scientific has received top industry and publication rankings, including FORTUNE World’s Most Admired Companies, Forbes’ Best Large Employer, Newsweek Green Rankings and the Human Rights Campaign’s Corporate Equality Index, among others.
We have a responsibility to create a working environment
that promotes healthy and engaged employees. We have implemented programs to understand the diverse needs of
our employees around the world so we can develop targeted and tailored benefits programs for them. In the U.S., “Benefits to Fit Your Life” helps employees and their families at different stages of life with programs such as expanded infertility treatment support, maternal and parental leave, breast milk shipping service, as well as increased support to help working parents find and pay for child care. To ease the stress of daily demands on our employees, we launched a telehealth service and a new meal planning service. We’ve also enhanced programs for college planning assistance. And for those caring for aging parents, we offer services to help design care strategies. We are applying the same process to evaluate, evolve and localize our employee benefits at all of our locations around the world. These programs are critical to attract and retain top talent and to ensure we are meeting the needs of our greatest asset—
our people.
LOOKING AHEAD
All of these accomplishments demonstrate the many ways Boston Scientific is bringing shared value to customers, employees, communities and shareholders. We have the privilege and responsibility to use our expertise and resources to help advance science, improve patient health and enrich communities. We are on a steady course to continue to do this while delivering strong, consistent and sustainable results.
Every day, I am inspired by the opportunity we have to transform lives. I commend our employees for their unwavering winning spirit. On behalf of every Boston Scientific team member, I extend our sincere thanks to our Board of Directors for their commitment and service to Boston Scientific, and to you, our shareholders, for your continued support.
I remain confident in our team, strategy and the continued success of Boston Scientific, and I am grateful for the opportunity to lead this extraordinary company.
Sincerely,
Mike Mahoney
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 20, 2018
 