 To Our Employees and Stockholders:
A steadfast focus on innovation, market expansion and organizational efficiency made 2011 a pivotal year in the evolution of Boston Scientific.
We’ve built momentum in the past year and believe we have positioned ourselves to deliver higher levels of value for patients, customers, stockholders and employees in 2012 and beyond.
In 2011, we launched a number of innovative products, and
we plan to accelerate new product introductions with at least 40 more in 2012. Our development pipeline is full of innovations that we expect will satisfy customers, help reduce healthcare costs and, most important, help patients around the world live healthier, longer lives.
We are expanding our global reach to build on our leadership positions across our portfolio by investing in China, India and other important emerging markets. China and India produced strong double-digit growth for us in 2011, and we believe they can do so again in 2012.
We believe our strengthened balance sheet, solid free cash flow performance, reduced debt levels and recent credit rating upgrades give us the financial flexibility to invest in research and development, pursue organic growth and acquisition opportunities, as well as repurchase company stock.
We have both a vision of restoring sustained, profitable growth and a defined path forward for achieving our growth aspirations. Innovation and market expansion are the keys to our success.
The Passionate Pursuit of Innovation
Innovation is the lifeblood of our industry, a key driver of growth and a way of life for everyone at Boston Scientific. Despite challenging economic conditions, we invested almost $1 billion, or 12 percent of 2011 net sales in research and development (R&D), and completed four acquisitions in the areas of structural heart, atrial fibrillation, peripheral vascular disease, and deep brain stimulation. Supplementing our internal R&D efforts, we plan to continue exploring acquisitions of products and technologies that expand our ability to serve patients.
Two principles guide our new product development and acquisition investments:
• Boston Scientific products improve the quality of patient care. We focus on innovative, less-invasive medical devices and procedures that reduce risk, trauma, procedure time, and the need for aftercare.
• Our products improve the overall productivity of healthcare delivery. In today’s cost-sensitive healthcare environment, we believe third-party payers are more likely to reimburse for products that lower long-term, overall costs.
We will focus on products that fulfill unmet physician or patient needs, have growth potential supported by demographic or disease-prevalence trends, and align well with our technology strengths and the markets we serve.
As an example, we recently exercised our option to acquire Cameron Health, Inc., which has developed the world’s first and only commercially available subcutaneous implantable cardio- verter defibrillator — the S-ICD® System.2 Unlike conventional ICDs, the S-ICD System leaves the heart and blood vessels
2 In the U.S., the S-ICD® System is an investigational device and is limited by applicable law to investigational use only and is not available for sale.
  2

 untouched because it uses no wires, called leads, to connect to the heart, simplifying the implant procedure and potentially reducing long-term complications related to leads.
In coronary artery disease, we expect to enter U.S. trials as early as mid-2012 with the SYNERGYTM Everolimus-Eluting Stent System, a coronary stent with a bioabsorbable polymer that we expect to further enhance the safety profile of drug-eluting stents. In the structural heart category, we anticipate that European trials will begin in the second half of 2012 for the LotusTM Valve System, the only fully repositionable, retrievable aortic heart valve of its kind that allows physicians to treat patients with severe aortic stenosis. In our NECTAR-HF clinical trial, we are studying the use of autonomic modulation therapy to stimulate the vagus nerve
to inhibit the progression of heart failure in a large population of patients who are not candidates for established therapies.
Growth Through Market Expansion
Boston Scientific is a market leader across the majority of markets we serve. We are first or second in 23 of 36 product categories.3 We believe this is a strong indicator of both product quality and customer loyalty and that it bodes well for us at a time when supplier consolidation and physician employment by hospitals are becoming a common industry practice.
Most important, we believe our market leadership position is a strong platform for growth as we add products to our portfolio and expand our global presence. We see particularly strong growth opportunities in China and India, where faster-growing economies, changing demographics, a developing middle class, and other factors are creating rapid growth in demand for advanced medical technology such as ours.
3 Company estimate as of June 2011.
Financial Highlights
2009 $ 2,859 2,413 1,006 661 456 285 149 7,829 359 $ 8,188
2009 $ 4,550 1,750 908 621 7,829 359 $ 8,188
2011 Sales by Product Category
Our sales in 2011 represented a large, stable and diversified revenue base. We are developing new opportunities in these and other product categories.
33%
27% 16% 10%
6% 4% 2% 2%
2011 Sales by Geographic Segment
Our sales outside the U.S. were solid in 2011. We believe we will find substantial new opportunities in emerging markets, particularly in China and India.
53% 23% 12% 10%
2%
(In millions)
Interventional Cardiology
Cardiac Rhythm Management
Endoscopy 1,187 1,079
2011 2010 $ 2,495 $ 2,602 2,087 2,180
       Peripheral Interventions
Urology/Women’s Health
Neuromodulation 336 304 Electrophysiology 147 147
731 669 498 481
                7,481 7,462 141 344 $ 7,622 $ 7,806
2011 2010 $ 4,010 $ 4,215 EMEA 1,742 1,683 Japan 951 886 Inter-Continental 778 678 7,481 7,462 141 344
    Divested Businesses4
        (In millions) U.S.
             Divested Businesses4
4 Sales from divested businesses in each year include those generated by the Company’s
   $ 7,622
$ 7,806
     former Neurovascular business, sold to Stryker Corporation in January 2011.
    3

   Hank Kucheman
Chief Executive Officer
Pete Nicholas
Chairman of the Board
“I want to thank Hank for serving as interim CEO and facilitating the Company’s leadership transition. He is significantly contributing to the execution of the Company’s strategy.” – Pete Nicholas
For example, during 2011 we estimate that we held a
35 percent share of the worldwide market for drug-eluting stents (DES), with the bulk of our sales coming from the U.S., Japan and Europe. In contrast, our market share in China and India is currently in the single digits. The combined annual DES market in these countries is estimated to be nearly $700 million, with an annual growth rate of about 20 percent, so there is enormous near-term opportunity to increase our share with our proven, best-in-class products in China and India.
We are investing significantly in people, infrastructure, distribution, and clinical science in China and India with the goal of expanding our ability to interact with the large number of physicians in those countries who, like us, are working to address unmet clinical needs and improve the quality of patient care. We are committed to deepening our collaboration with the Chinese and Indian medical and scientific communities by strengthening our organization in those markets. In China, for example, we plan to invest $150 million over the next five years to establish a manufacturing facility and a world-class training center for Chinese healthcare providers.
As we continue to build a solid foundation for long-term growth in China, India and other emerging markets, we recently created a new Asia-Pacific regional structure. This pan-Asia model is designed to accelerate our growth, leverage our capabilities and further optimize our performance across multiple countries in Asia, the world’s fastest-growing region.
Reducing Costs and Improving our Financial Flexibility
Improving our cost structure continues to be a priority
for Boston Scientific. We are making real progress in our goal to generate gross operating profit improvements of $650-$750 million over the next several years through various
initiatives. For example, we expect the transitions to our PROMUS ElementTM Plus Stent System in the U.S. and the PROMUS ElementTM Stent System in Japan to improve our gross margins. This is a self-manufactured product that we believe will significantly help us reach our goal of restoring sustained profitability.
We are vigorously pursuing other initiatives to reduce the cost of goods sold, restructure our R&D processes and improve quality and productivity across our manufacturing organization. We also announced our 2011 restructuring program last July and expect to reduce our annual pre-tax operating expenses by $225-$275 million exiting 2013, a portion of which will be reinvested in target growth areas.
In 2011, we reached our near-term targeted debt level of approximately $4 billion, with no debt maturities on the horizon until 2014. Following the announcement of our approximately $1.3 billion stock repurchase programs in July 2011, we bought back about 5 percent of our outstanding shares over the balance of the year. All three major credit-rating agencies have upgraded us to investment-grade status, citing the progress we have made in strengthening our financial fundamentals.
We now have expanded flexibility in terms of our capital allocation strategy and expect our free cash flow to give us resources for acquisitions and continued share repurchases while providing a safeguard to help manage unanticipated contingencies.
New Leadership
Ray Elliott retired as CEO in 2011. We are grateful for his contributions to the Company, which helped us become a more focused, efficient and competitive organization.
 4

 We are delighted that Mike Mahoney joined Boston Scientific as President and a member of our Executive Committee last year. Mike is expected to become the Company’s CEO on November 1, 2012. He is an experienced healthcare business executive with a proven track record of more than 22 years of experience in medical devices, capital equipment and healthcare IT services businesses with best-in-class global companies. His seasoned background and long-term commitment to Boston Scientific made him the best choice for this critical role. Since joining the Company, Mike has actively engaged with employees, customers and patients, which should help ensure a seamless transition when he assumes the role of CEO.
Advancing Toward Growth
We are pleased with what we accomplished in 2011 but know that we are just starting the next phase of our journey toward renewed growth. We remain optimistic about our future and our ability to increase profitable growth through an unwavering focus on patients, innovation and market expansion.
Thanks to our stockholders, customers, employees, and neighbors in the community for your trust and confidence. All of us at Boston Scientific share the commitment to make healthcare better while creating value for all of our constituencies. We appreciate your continued support.
Corporate Citizenship Reaching Out to Help Advance Communities and Causes Worldwide
At Boston Scientific, we want to do our part to improve society and the communities we call home. We make this commitment real by supporting health and education initiatives, striving to improve patient advocacy, adhering to strong ethical standards, and minimizing our impact on the environment. Here are just a few examples of our corporate citizenship efforts.
    Sincerely,
William H. (Hank) Kucheman
Chief Executive Officer March 16, 2012
Pete Nicholas
Chairman of the Board
Creating Health Equity
for Underserved Patients.
Close the Gap is Boston Scientific’s widely recognized, signature health education initiative. It aims to eliminate cardiovascular care disparities, helping to ensure that
all patients receive optimal cardiac care regardless of age, gender, race, ethnicity or primary language. In partnership with health care providers (HCP), professional societies and patient advocacy groups, Close the Gap is supporting HCP education focused on effective point-of-care solutions; reaching those at risk of facing treatment barriers through national, local
and online activities; and advocating for the consistent use of evidence- based guidelines for
prevention and disease management.
Philanthropy. We fund programs dedicated to improving science and math education and initiatives that improve the health of those with significant unmet needs by enhancing access and quality of care. We also support disease prevention and awareness efforts. Since 2002,
The Boston Scientific Foundation has donated more than $31 million to help charitable organizations.
Sustainability. To date, 11 of 15
of our major facilities worldwide are ISO14001 certified. This requires following a core set of standards for designing and implementing effective environmental management systems. We are committed to achieving this certification at all our manufacturing and distribution centers worldwide and to reducing our carbon footprint.
         bostonscientific.com/2011ar/letter
bostonscientific.com/2011ar/citizenship
   5
