LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS 1
   Michael Mahoney
Our team of approximately 25,000 employees fueled this work with a shared belief in our mission to transform lives through meaning- ful innovation. We are extremely proud to have helped more than 22 million patients in 2015,4 and we continue to pioneer new therapies to address unmet clinical needs in areas including stroke reduction, Parkinson’s disease, heart failure and liver cancer. We have an exciting future focused on delivering high performance results that fulfill our promises to patients, customers and shareholders.
2015 business results demonstrated momentum across our businesses and geographies, as well as our commitment to deliver mid-single digit operational revenue growth, consistent operating margin expansion, and double-digit adjusted earnings
per share growth.
We achieved full-year sales
of $7.477 billion, representing 8 percent operational revenue growth, 5 percent organic revenue growth and 1 percent
revenue growth on a reported basis.1,2
We continued to invest in new capabilities in emerging markets, where we grew operational rev- enue 13 percent – highlighted by 20 percent growth in China.1 We achieved 11 percent growth and grew full-year adjusted earnings per share to $0.93 cents, including a significant negative foreign exchange impact.3 Excluding foreign exchange, adjusted earnings per share growth was 23 percent versus 2014.3
We continued to improve the profitability of the company by expanding our adjusted operat- ing margin from 20.2 percent in 2014 to 22.3 percent in 2015, an improvement of 210 basis points.3 We have improved adjusted operating margins by 450 basis points since 2012.3 We invested $876 million,
or 11.7 percent of sales, in research and development
to fuel meaningful innovation. We also launched 75 new products globally.
The five-year cumulative total return on our common stock exceeded the returns of the S&P 500 Index and the S&P Health Care Equipment Index. The 2015 total return on our common stock of 39 percent represented more than six-fold the return of both indices.
We are focused on driving leadership within categories where we have deep expertise, differentiated technologies and comprehensive portfolios. Our products are used to diagnose or treat a wide range of medical conditions, including cardiac, digestive, pulmonary, peripheral vascular, urological, pelvic health and chronic pain conditions.
The CARDIOVASCULAR segment, comprised of our Interventional Cardiology and Peripheral Inter- ventions businesses, continued
to deliver strong results with operational revenue growth of
9 percent in 2015 (6 percent organic), and improved adjusted operating margin by more than 400 basis points year-over-year.1,2,3
Dear Stockholders:
2015 was an excellent year for Boston Scientific as we continued to build global momentum and adapted to meet the needs of our customers. Our strong business results reflect the winning spirit of our employees, diversification of our portfolio, focus on meaningful innovation and globalization efforts.
      1 Operational sales/revenue and growth rates are non-GAAP measures that exclude the impact of sales from divested businesses and changes in foreign currency exchange rates; see reconciliation to GAAP sales/revenue and growth rates on pages 9 and 10.   2 Organic revenue growth excludes the impact of sales from divested businesses, changes in foreign currency exchange rates and sales from the acquisitions of the interventional business of Bayer AG and the American Medical Systems male urology portfolio over the prior year period.
3 Adjusted operating margin, and adjusted earnings per share and growth rates are non-GAAP measures that exclude goodwill and other intangible asset impairment charges, acquisition and divestiture-related net charges, litigation-related charges, restructuring and restructuring-related charges, pension termination charges, discrete tax items and amortization expense.
4 Rounded average based on company sales and estimated usage patterns as of December 31, 2015.
  Pete Nicholas
 
2 TRANSFORMING LIVES
  GETTING LIFE BACK ON TRACK
Ingrid Lenz took full advantage of the California sunshine until she was diagnosed with atrial fibrillation and told that she was at increased risk for a stroke.
Treatment with blood thinners was recommended, but leading a very active lifestyle was important to Ingrid. Facing
a high lifetime risk of bleeding on blood thinning medications, she contemplated
all her options. After she weighed the risks and after shared decision making with
her doctor, she decided to have the WATCHMANTM Left Atrial Appendage Closure Device implanted.
Today, Ingrid is back to living life to the fullest, with a new lease on life she never imagined.
“The WATCHMAN procedure was the light at the end
of a long tunnel. My life started to come back together, my health started to come back together.
It was like night and day.”— Ingrid Lenz
  
  The U.S. regulatory approval of the SYNERGYTM Bioabsorbable Polymer Drug-Eluting Stent System, for the treatment of coronary artery disease, boosted Interventional Cardiology perfor- mance. The commercial launch of the WATCHMANTM Left Atrial Appendage Closure Device, for stroke risk reduction in eligible patients with a heart arrhythmia called atrial fibrillation, further solidified the company’s position in the structural heart market. Exiting 2015, our Peripheral Interventions business grew share in the atherectomy and thrombectomy categories as it successfully integrated the inter- ventional division of Bayer AG.
The RHYTHM MANAGEMENT segment, made up of the Cardiac Rhythm Management and Electrophysiology businesses, grew operational and organic revenue 1 percent in 2015,
while adjusted operating margin improved approximately 160 basis points year-over-year.1,2,3 We grew revenue in pacemakers and implantable cardioverter defibrillators (ICDs), introduced new ICDs with batteries that
are proven to be lasting longer than any others available, and delivered market share gains with our EMBLEMTM Subcutaneous Implantable Defibrillator (S-ICD) System in the U.S. and Europe. We also continued the launch of our novel RhythmiaTM Mapping and Navigation System for the diagnosis and treatment of complex arrhythmias and continued to develop our portfolio
of differentiated diagnostic and therapeutic catheters for electro- physiologists.
The MEDSURG segment, comprised of Urology and
Pelvic Health, Endoscopy
and Neuromodulation, grew operational revenue 13 percent
(6 percent organic) in 2015,
and adjusted operating margin improved approximately 50
basis points year-over-year.1,2,3 With the completion of the acquisition of the AMS Men’s Health and Prostate Health businesses, Boston Scientific
is the clear category leader and provides customers with the most comprehensive urology portfolio in the industry. Growth
in our Endoscopy business was supported by the commercial launch of the next-generation SpyGlassTM DS Direct Visualization System used for the diagnosis and treatment of complex disor- ders of the pancreas and bile ducts. Through the acquisition
of Xlumena, we were able to bring new products for facilitat- ing transgastric or transduodenal endoscopic drainage as an alternative to open surgical procedures. We also continue
to see encouraging results from our Neuromodulation business, with sales driven by the market- leading Precision SpectraTM Spinal Cord Stimulator System and international expansion of our deep brain stimulation platforms designed to assist
in the treatment of Parkinson’s disease, dystonia and essential tremor.
OUR STRATEGIC IMPERATIVES
We align our work around five core strategic imperatives, to drive consistency and focus our global teams on a shared strategic plan that positions us to deliver on our commitments.
Our strategy of establishing category leadership is working. We aim to partner with our customers by offering the deepest, most innovative
and cost-effective portfolio of products and solutions within our served markets.
With the launch of our EMBLEMTM S-ICD System,
we offer an improved treatment option that provides protection for patients at risk of sudden cardiac arrest (SCA), yet leaves the heart and vasculature untouched, reducing the risk
of complications associated with conventional transvenous implantable cardioverter- defibrillators (TV-ICDs). This next generation technology provides remote monitoring capabilities and is thinner and longer lasting, further improving patient comfort and implant appearance while reducing
the number of times the device will require replacement.
The Urology and Pelvic
Health business introduced
the LithoVueTM Single-Use Digital Flexible Ureteroscope for visualization and navigation
3
 1
S T R E N G T H E N I N G E X E C U T I O N
  1 Operational sales/revenue and growth rates are non-GAAP measures that exclude the impact of sales from divested businesses and changes in foreign currency exchange rates; see reconciliation to GAAP sales/revenue and growth rates on pages 9 and 10.   2 Organic revenue growth excludes the impact of sales from divested businesses, changes in foreign currency exchange rates and sales from the acquisitions of the interventional business of Bayer AG and the American Medical Systems male urology portfolio over the prior year period.
3 Adjusted operating margin, and adjusted earnings per share and growth rates are non-GAAP measures that exclude goodwill and other intangible asset impairment charges, acquisition and divestiture-related net charges, litigation-related charges, restructuring and restructuring-related charges, pension termination charges, discrete tax items and amortization expense.

4
 during minimally invasive endoscopic procedures to diagnose and treat kidney stones and other conditions of the kidney, ureter and bladder. This platform eliminates many of the inefficiencies and financial costs of ownership for reusable ureteroscopes and has the potential to disrupt the scope market in both developed and emerging markets.
With the launch of the Spy- GlassTM DS Direct Visualization System, we offer our customers a product solution that helps optimize procedural efficiency and productivity. Complex procedures of the pancreas
and bile duct can now be performed as an extension
of any endoscopic retrograde cholangio-pancreatography (ERCP), enabling physicians
to diagnose and treat more of their patients effectively and efficiently.
We also received nearly 700 regulatory approvals and clearances worldwide for new products, including the Angio- JetTM Zelante DVTTM Throm- bectomy Catheter to treat deep vein thrombosis, the InnovaTM Vascular Self-Expanding Stent System to help treat peripheral artery disease, the CaptivatorTM Endoscopic Mucosal Resection Device for treating diseases of the upper GI tract, the AXIOSTM Stent and Delivery System for minimally invasive treatment of pseudocysts that form in the pancreas, and the Precision NoviTM Spinal Cord Stimulator System.
EXPANDING INTO HIGH GROWTH ADJACENCIES
Providing solutions to today’s healthcare challenges requires us to develop a portfolio that
is shaped by the convergence of differentiated technological expertise, external collaboration opportunities and market needs. Through successful acquisitions, research collaboration and commercialization strategies, we’re able to deliver more complete solutions and have a greater impact on the patients that we serve.
We launched the WATCHMANTM Left Atrial Appendage Closure Device in the U.S. and initiated commercial launch of the next- generation WATCHMAN FLXTM Device5 in Europe. These technologies provide a new stroke risk reduction option
for high-risk patients with non-valvular atrial fibrillation who are seeking an alternative to long-term oral anticoagulant therapy. A strong body of clinical data supports this technology, and the Centers
for Medicare and Medicaid Services recently established national coverage for the WATCHMAN Device in the U.S. We reported positive results in studies evaluating our LotusTM Valve System,5 a transcatheter aortic valve implantation device, that reinforce the safety and effectiveness of this system
as a less invasive treatment alternative for patients with severe aortic valve stenosis who are at high risk for surgical valve replacement. We also
3
completed enrollment in our REPRISE III investigational device exemption study, which will support our efforts to bring this important technology to the U.S. market.
We received CE mark for the VerciseTM Primary Cell (PC) Deep Brain Stimulation (DBS) System with directional lead.6 DBS is intended to treat
and reduce symptoms for movement disorders such as Parkinson’s disease, dystonia and essential tremor. This work exemplifies our commitment to advancing DBS therapy
and providing impactful and transformative technologies to reach a broader range of patients suffering from these debilitating diseases.
DRIVING GLOBAL EXPANSION
2
    We continued to drive global expansion with emerging market operational sales growth of 13 percent in 2015, representing approximately 11 percent of our total annual sales.1 To support this growth, we’ve made a commitment to training clinicians, increasing patient access,
and globalizing research and development.
We opened Institutes for Advancing Science in Istanbul, Beijing and Johannesburg and established a new research
and development center in Gurgaon, India, which will focus on developing new products designed specifically for use in emerging markets. This center
   1 Operational sales/revenue and growth rates are non-GAAP measures that exclude the impact of sales from divested businesses and changes in foreign currency exchange rates; see reconciliation to GAAP sales/revenue and growth rates on pages 9 and 10.   5 CE Marked device. In the U.S. this is an investigational device. Limited by U.S. law to investigational use only. Not available for sale.   6 This device is not available for use or sale in the U.S.

       MEANINGFUL INNOVATION
5
     We are committed to building
a deep understanding of the unique needs of our patients and customers, and delivering truly transformative solutions to their most pressing concerns.
THE ELUVIATM DRUG-ELUTING VASCULAR STENT SYSTEM5 utilizes the anti- restenotic drug paclitaxel in conjunction with a polymer to provide an advanced treatment option for patients with narrowing or blockages
in the superficial femoral artery or proximal popliteal artery due to peripheral artery disease.
THE LOTUS EDGETM VALVE SYSTEM,6
our next-generation advanced transcatheter aortic valve replacement technology, is designed to offer an effective alternative for treating patients with severe aortic stenosis, enabling a simpler deployment process
with a more flexible delivery system.
                              THE LITHOVUETM
  SINGLE-USE DIGITAL
L FLEXIBLE URETERO-
 THE WATCHMAN FLXT
ATRIAL APPENDAGE CLOSURE (LAAC) DEVICE5 — the latest generation of the WATCHMAN Device — can be fully recaptured and repositioned multiple times, allowing the implanter to find the ideal LAA placement to enable safe and predictable procedural outcomes.
SCOPE is designed to
overcome common
challenges of reusable
scopes during minimally
invasive endoscopic
procedures to diagnose
M LEFT
TM
    and treat stones and other
r conditions of the kidney,
 ureter and bladder.
 5 CE Marked device. In the U.S. this is an investigational device. Limited by U.S. law to investigational use only. Not available for sale.   6 This device is not available for use or sale in the U.S.
          THE EMBLEMTM
M SUBCUTANEOUS
IMPLANTABLE CARDIOVERTER DEFIBRILLATOR (S-ICD) SYSTEM provides protection for patients at risk of
sudden cardiac arrest, yet leaves the heart and vasculature untouched, reducing the risk of complications associated with conventional transvenous implantable cardioverter-defibrillator systems that place leads in the vasculature.
        
6
   4
will enable the design and manufacture of products geared to local needs and preferences, produced efficiently and informed by the insights of global thought leaders.
We signed a strategic alliance with Frankenman Medical Equipment Company to accelerate physician training and expand utilization of less-invasive endoscopic technologies in China.
We acquired the interventional radiology business of CeloNova BioSciences to expand our interventional oncology portfolio and fuel growth in solutions to treat challenging diseases such as liver cancer, particularly in emerging markets.
FUNDING THE JOURNEY
enhancing business processes that resulted in estimated cost reductions of more than $350 million. The combination of cost avoidance and cash savings allowed our businesses to redi- rect investments to high growth technologies and deliver on product launch commitments
for the year and build the portfolio for the future.
Finally, we worked in concert with other medical device manu- facturers and leaders to lobby
for a repeal of the U.S. medical device tax. We are pleased that this effort helped lead to a suspension of the tax for 2016 and 2017. We intend to reinvest substantially all of the benefit from the suspension of the tax into jobs, innovation, research and development, collaborations with universities, and other initiatives that will help treat patients and sustain top-line growth over the long-term.
5
Just as the healthcare landscape is evolving, our capabilities are evolving as well. We continue
to enhance the balance of our portfolio mix by moving into faster growth segments, and are also innovating to expand the range
of solutions that we provide to our customers.
In 2015 we launched our ADVANTICSTM healthcare solu- tions. By working with best-in- class external partners, we are delivering tailored solutions that help customers drive and sustain change within their hospitals.
Our initial focus is driving opera- tional excellence in cardiovascular and GI labs, and improving and standardizing care for chronic cardiovascular diseases. We have collaborated with a number of hospitals to improve workflow and patient throughput. Together, we have demonstrated faster
lab turnover times and improved patient readiness. We have also worked with large hospitals to assess how care is delivered to patients with heart failure and identify significant opportunities for improvement.
Our greatest asset as a company is our dedicated global team, united through a single set of core values. Together, we have launched programs and initiatives such as the European Innovation Challenge and our company-wide ImagineIF innovation challenge. Our employee engagement efforts have also supported important community projects such as
the award-winning Close the
Gap initiative, STEM education programs and local charitable giving campaigns.
LOOKING AHEAD
As we look to the future, the products and programs we have brought to market through organic development and acquisitions, complemented by our innovative pipeline and continued global expansion will benefit even more patients. We’re focused on meeting the needs of patients and customers by delivering
the results expected of a high performance company — outperforming our device industry peers by continuing to grow
our core businesses globally,
Since 2012, we have made significant adjusted operating margin improvements that
help us to deliver differentiated adjusted earnings per share growth while simultaneously fueling the innovation pipeline
for our future. We’re achieving these results through gross margin improvements and programs to increase operational efficiency across the global Boston Scientific network. With our performance in 2015, we
are on track to deliver on our goal to expand adjusted operating margin to 25 percent by 2017 and 27 to 28 percent by 2020.
In 2015, teams across Boston Scientific delivered value improvement projects focused on reducing product cost and
DEVELOPING CAPABILITIES
 
7
   “The company is in an excellent position, and with the support of a strong and dedicated board and an outstand- ing worldwide team of talented employees, the company remains poised to continue its current trajectory of successful growth.”
— Pete Nicholas
investing in our adjacencies and delivering differentiated margin expansion.
Joining us on this journey,
we are fortunate to have a Board of Directors comprised of leading experts with deep and diverse expertise, each of whom brings unique experience that aligns with our company’s strategic, long- term plans. We thank all of our board members for their service as we enter this next chapter in Boston Scientific’s history.
WITH GRATITUDE TO OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Several changes to the Boston Scientific Board of Directors will take place in the spring of 2016. First, our co-founder and current Board Chairman Pete Nicholas will retire at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders in May.
Together with John Abele, Pete founded Boston Scientific in 1979 with a
clear purpose: to benefit public health by bringing more accessible, lower-cost and lower-trauma medical options to patients, and to become a leader in all aspects of the industry. Pete served as our CEO and co-chairman of the board upon the company’s founding; in 1995, Pete stepped down as CEO and became chairman. The company grew under his guidance to become a global leader
in the field of interventional medicine, improving the lives of countless patients worldwide. We are grateful to Pete for his leadership and unique perspective, which have benefited the company for nearly 40 years.
The board appointed President and CEO Michael F. Mahoney to serve as chairman of the board upon Pete’s retirement. Current director Edward J. Ludwig, former CEO and chairman of the board of Becton, Dickinson and Company, will serve as lead independent director. Both will assume these new roles immediately following the Annual Meeting.
In addition, current directors, N.J. “Nick” Nicholas, Jr., (Pete’s brother) and Dr. Ernest Mario will also retire in May. Nick, who has served on our board since 1994, and Dr. Mario, who joined the board in 2001, helped to build the platform that enabled Boston Scientific to become what it is today.
The board has also appointed Ellen M. Zane as a director effective in April. Ellen brings deep healthcare experience; she helped to lead Partners Healthcare System as its network president and
Tufts Medical Center in Boston as its
first female CEO.
With a strong commitment to improve the quality of care and quality of life for patients around the world, our employees and partners have created significant opportunity and laid the foundation for continued success. We’re looking forward to the road ahead, and thank
you for your continued support.
Sincerely,
MICHAEL MAHONEY,
President and Chief Executive Officer
PETE NICHOLAS,
Chairman of the Board March 10, 2016
       