l etteR to stockHoldeRs

1

Dear Stockholders: It is an exciting time to be part of Boston Scientific, as evidenced by the significant progress we made in 2014 and the many opportunities we have ahead to continue advancing science for life.
We are working to address many of the pressures facing healthcare systems today. this includes improving patient outcomes, lowering costs, and increasing access to life-saving and lifeenhancing therapies. We are meeting the increasingly global demand for our products and delivering economic value to our hospital customers that will help them improve procedural efficiency, shorten lengths of stay and reduce readmission rates. At boston scientific, we are evolving our business to lead in this dynamic industry. our customer-centered approach is positioning our company as a partner of choice among healthcare providers and insurers. We provide a comprehensive portfolio of market-leading, innovative products and solutions to advance the treatment of patients suffering from debilitating diseases and disorders, including heart, digestive, pulmonary, vascular, urological, women's health, and chronic pain conditions. our seven business units are organized into three global reporting segments ­ cardiovascular, Rhythm management and medsurg. in 2014, nearly all of our business units grew at or above market. the cARdiovAsculAR segment, consisting of our interventional cardiology and peripheral interventions businesses, grew operational revenue 5 percent in 2014 and improved adjusted operating margin year-over-year by more than 200 basis points.5 interventional cardiology delivered exceptional performance, driven by strong sales of drug-eluting stents and products from our complex coronary interventional portfolio and emerging structural heart franchise. peripheral interventions added market-leading capabilities in thrombectomy and atherectomy with our acquisition of the bayer AG interventional business. the RHytHm mAnAGement segment, made our performance in 2014 was very strong. We fulfilled our commitments, and our financial results exceeded our guidance for the year. We delivered consolidated revenue of $7.462 billion, which represented a 6 percent increase in operational revenue compared to 2013, and 3 percent revenue growth on a reported basis.
1

our adjusted earnings per share were $0.84 in 2014, compared to $0.73 in 2013, representing a 15 percent increase year-over-year.4 We reported a GAAp loss of $0.09 per share for both 2014 and 2013. We expanded gross profit margin to 70.1 percent from 69.6 percent in 2013. We continued to invest in meaningful innovation, with $817 million, or approximately 11 percent of sales, fueling research and development.

Our employees are committed to the mission of transforming lives through innovative medical solutions that improve the health of patients around the world. During the past year, our solutions touched the lives of more than 21 million patients.3

up of the cardiac Rhythm management and electrophysiology businesses, grew operational revenue 6 percent in 2014, while adjusted operating margin improved more than 300 basis points year-over-year.5 cardiac Rhythm management increased global sales of its defibrillation and pacer products throughout the year, and accelerated

1 operational sales/revenue and growth rates are non-GAAp measures that exclude the impact of sales from divested businesses and changes in foreign currency exchange rates; see reconciliation to GAAp sales/revenue and growth rates on page 8. 3 Rounded average based on company sales and estimated usage patterns as of december 31, 2014. 4 Adjusted earnings per share and adjusted earnings per share growth are non-GAAp measures; see reconciliation to GAAp earnings per share on page 8. 5 operational sales/revenue and growth rates are non-GAAp measures that exclude the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates; adjusted operating margin is a non-GAAp measure; see reconciliation to GAAp sales/revenue growth rates and operating margin on page 8.

2

demand for the Subcutaneous Implantable Defibrillator (S-ICD) platform, which exceeded 2014 revenue expectations. The S-ICDTM System is the only implantable defibrillator that provides protection from sudden cardiac arrest while leaving the heart and vasculature untouched. The adoption of this highly innovative technology is being introduced into Asia and South America. Additionally, the Electrophysiology business expanded its commercial impact with the launch of the RhythmiaTM Mapping System, which enables physicians to diagnose heart arrhythmias and assess appropriate intervention.  The MedSurg segment, comprised of the Endoscopy, Urology and Women's Health and Neuromodulation businesses, grew operational revenue 5 percent in 2014, and adjusted operating margin improved more than 100 basis points year-over-year. Endoscopy posted operational
5

System for treating coronary artery disease in patient populations not typically studied in large-scale Cardiology trials. These groups include women, African-Americans, Latinos and Hispanics, Native Americans and Alaska Natives.  We reported results of the EVOLVE II trial, initiated to help drive the regulatory approval of our SYNERGYTM Bioabsorbable Polymer Stent System.6 The highly differentiated SYNERGY stent is designed to provide early healing and freedom from long-term polymer exposure through synchronous dissolution of both drug and polymer.  We also extended our portfolio, receiving hundreds of regulatory approvals and clearances worldwide for new products, such as AdvanixTM Pancreatic Stent, AUTOGENTM, DYNAGENTM and INOGENTM ICDs and CRT-Ds, RangerTM PaclitaxelCoated PTA Balloon Catheter7, AgentTM DrugCoated Balloon Catheter7, VerciseTM Deep Brain Stimulation (DBS) System6 for the treatment of tremor and SymphionTM Hysteroscopic Tissue Removal System.

sales growth of 5 percent in 2014, and Urology and Women's Health delivered double-digit operational sales growth in the international markets. Neuro5

modulation delivered strong results with 5 percent operational sales growth5 and expanded the clinical application of its deep brain stimulation platform6 to assist in the treatment of Parkinson's disease.

Expand into high growth adjacencies
We expanded into high growth adjacencies, acquiring successful technologies and product lines, while seeking market approvals for differentiated offerings.  We acquired IoGyn, Inc., developer of the  SymphionTM System, broadening our portfolio of minimally invasive approaches for surgeons to treat debilitating gynecologic conditions that affect millions of women worldwide.  The WATCHMANTM Left Atrial Appendage Closure Device has received U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval. The WATCHMAN Device offers a new stroke risk reduction option for high risk patients with non-valvular atrial fibrillation who have an appropriate rationale to seek a nonpharmacologic alternative to warfarin, taking into account the safety and effectiveness of the device compared to warfarin. The device is registered in more than 75 countries.

Our Strategic Imperatives at Work
Advancing science to improve the lives of patients requires innovation and a commitment to excellence by our global teams. We have established a compelling strategic plan and aligned our organization around the following imperatives to continue delivering on our commitments.

Strengthen execution to grow share in our core markets
We strengthened execution to grow share, demonstrating the clinical and economic value of our products and solutions.  We initiated several clinical trials, including the PLATINUM Diversity Trial to evaluate the performance of the Promus PREMIERTM Coronary Stent

5 Operational sales/revenue and growth rates are non-GAAP measures that exclude the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates; adjusted operating margin is a non-GAAP measure; see reconciliation to GAAP sales/revenue growth rates and operating margin on page 8. 6 Caution: Investigational Device. Limited by U.S. law to investigational use only. Not available for sale. 7 CE Marked device. Not available for use or sale in the U.S.

tRAnsfoRminG lives

3

Meaningful Innovation Leads to a Transformed Life lisa never suspected that she would compete in her last marathon at the early age of 39. An avid athlete and outdoors person, she planned to run marathons on seven continents. Arrhythmogenic Right ventricular dysplasia (ARvd) stopped her after just four. the degenerative heart condition and leading cause of death in young athletes puts lisa at increased risk for sudden cardiac arrest. but lisa is more fortunate than many ARvd sufferers, whose first symptoms were also their last; as lisa's health worsened, she researched her treatment options, traveled across the country and advocated to receive boston scientific's s-icdTM subcutaneous implantable cardioverter defibrillator. the therapy that the device provides has already protected her from three life-threatening arrhythmias. though lisa's irreparable heart condition may keep her from running another marathon, she's meeting life's other challenges in full stride, as a lawyer, traveler, wife, sister and friend. she is also an impassioned s-icd device advocate, supporting other patients at risk of sudden cardiac arrest.

"The device (S-ICD) has saved my life on several occasions, so it's like having a guardian angel by my side."
Lisa Colon Heron, Boston Scientific patient

icon denotes additional information online at bostonscientific.com/lisa

4

meAninGful innovAtion

We're dedicated to transforming the lives of patients treated and living with Boston Scientific devices, applying our ever-expanding knowledge of medicine and technology to many of today's challenging health conditions.

The SPYGLASS® DS Direct Visualization System, with 4-way deflection and fiber optic lighting and digital imaging technology, enables single-operator, direct visualization cholangioscopy and pancreatoscopy for biopsy and detecting and The WATCHMANTM Left Atrial Appendage Closure Device is designed to prevent blood clots from migrating from the left atrial appendage in indicated patients with non-valvular atrial fibrillation, reducing the risk of thromboembolic stroke and systemic embolism. treating large pancreaticobiliary stones and strictures.

We continue to advance our lotusTM valve system6 and the clinical evidence of this unique second-generation transcatheter aortic valve replacement (tAvR) technology. the lotusTM valve system, currently approved for use in ce mark countries, is designed to treat high-risk patients with severe aortic stenosis. the RepRise iii clinical trial was initiated for u.s. approval, which is anticipated in 2017.

under the brand name educARe. our institute for Advancing science in shanghai, china, introduced a curriculum focused on endoscopic techniques for diagnosing and treating bile and pancreatic disorders. And a similar gastrointestinal endoscopy program was established for clinicians in Russia. Research and development globalization took another step forward, with the opening of our R&d center in Gurgaon, india. this new center develops market-appropriate products for india as well as products for countries worldwide.

Drive global expansion
We dRove global expansion in emerging markets, training clinicians and globalizing research and development. We increased our market presence and today have commercial representation in more than 110 countries. emerging market operational sales grew 18 percent in 2014, and we continue to strengthen our capabilities in these important markets. emerging market operational sales
1

Fund the journey to fuel growth
We funded the journey to fuel growth, maintaining high-quality operations while expanding our adjusted operating margins from 18.9 percent in 2013 to 20.2 percent in 2014.8 We continue to execute programs that reduce standard cost through various lean process initiatives and other manufacturing improvements. We also established several manufacturing centers of excellence that span our seven businesses to leverage core competencies in technologies such as balloons, stents and guidewires.

now represent approximately 10 percent of the company's total annual sales.1 We invested in our world-class professional education and training capabilities and recently unified the programs of our seven businesses

1 operational sales/revenue and growth rates are non-GAAp measures that exclude the impact of sales from divested businesses and changes in foreign currency exchange rates; see reconciliation to GAAp sales/revenue and growth rates on page 8. 6 caution: investigational device. limited by u.s. law to investigational use only. not available for sale. 8 Adjusted operating margin is a non-GAAp measure; see reconciliation to GAAp operating margin on page 8.

5

The SYNERGYTM EverolimusEluting Platinum Chromium Coronary Stent System features a novel bioabsorbable polymer coating and an everolimus drug coating which is designed to dissipate within three months of implantation to aid vessel healing.
6

The LOTUSTM Valve System, our advanced transcatheter aortic valve replacement (TAVR) technology, is designed to offer an effective alternative for treating patients with severe aortic stenosis, enabling precise The VERCISETM DBS System is designed to selectively stimulate areas of the brain with therapy to address movement disorder symptoms caused by neurological diseases such as Parkinson's disease, dystonia, and essential tremor.6 positioning and placement during implantation.6

companywide value improvement projects further streamlined operations and lowered expenses to help fund R&d and our business expansion efforts. enhancements to our product development processes resulted in launches of new products, including the promus pRemieRTM and syneRGyTM drug-eluting coronary stent systems and the AutoGenTM icd with higher gross margins
6 6

bringing breakthrough ideas to life, ranging from product concepts to innovative commercial models and operational refinements that improve efficiency. the first round of imagineif project proposals generated more than 350 ideas across the company, and we provided funding to the most promising initiatives.

than their predecessors.

Responsible, Involved Citizens
Reflecting on our accomplishments in 2014, it is clear that our core values ­ caring, diversity, meaningful innovation, Global collaboration, High performance and Winning spirit ­ contributed to our success. one core value above all, caring, exemplifies the commitment of our employees to communities worldwide. by supporting organizations such as the American Heart Association, project Hope and foundations that serve patients and families affected by pancreatic and colon cancers, along with our health equity program, close the Gap, and our targeted stem (science, technology, engineering and math) education programs benefiting local schools, we help transform lives in ways beyond the impact that our products have on society. We are also keenly aware of our responsibility to the environment and are actively contributing to global sustainability. All 14 of our major operations

Develop our people and key capabilities
We developed key capabilities, and we continue to make employee development a priority. We strengthened our competencies for delivering differentiated value to customers by working more closely with hospital administrators through our expanding corporate account sales team. We are partnering with customers to improve their operations by leveraging our expertise in lean manufacturing and supply chain management. our reinvigorated culture supports all employees in our journey toward meaningful innovation. in 2014, we introduced a new program called imagineif to inspire all our teams to think creatively regardless of their organizational roles. imagineif takes a venture-style approach in

6 caution: investigational device. limited by u.s. law to investigational use only. not available for sale.

6

facilities, as well as our global headquarters located in Marlborough, Massachusetts, are certified to the ISO 14001:2004 Environmental Management System standard, and we received our 11th consecutive certification to the FTSE4Good Sustainability Index. We continuously endeavor to reduce waste generation, improve our recycling index and reduce greenhouse gas emissions. In 2014, 94 percent of our solid waste avoided landfill disposal, with 78 percent recycled and 16 percent used to produce power. And, in the last five years, we have reduced our global greenhouse gas emissions by 25 percent, using increasing amounts of renewable energy and implementing a wide range of energy efficiency projects; in 2014, 14 percent of all energy came from renewable sources.

our strategic direction. In 2014, we welcomed two talented leaders to our Board: Mr. David Roux is a co-founder and senior director of Silver Lake, a private equity firm focused on technology investing, and the former chairman and CEO of Liberate Technologies; and Mr. Edward Ludwig was formerly the CEO, president and chairman of Becton, Dickinson and Company. And we will welcome two new members on April 1, 2015: Mr. Charles Dockendorff was formerly the executive vice president and CFO of Covidien plc.; and Mr. Stephen MacMillan is currently the president and CEO of Hologic, a leading global healthcare and diagnostics company, and the former president and CEO of Stryker Corporation. We look forward to many years of counsel and support from David, Edward, Charles and Stephen. We also extend our sincere thanks to two esteemed directors who plan to step down from our Board in 2015. We are grateful for the guidance and dedicated service of Dr. Uwe Reinhardt, director since 2002, and Mr. Bruce Byrnes, who joined the Board in 2009. We thank you, our stockholders, for supporting Boston Scientific and our mission. We also thank our employees for their tremendous commitment, enthusiasm and winning spirit. Together, let's continue transforming healthcare and advancing science for life. Sincerely,

Looking Forward
We believe the momentum we generated in 2014 will continue because our strategy is working. We place patients first, have strong global businesses and a differentiated pipeline of meaningful innovation. We expect to continue to deliver strong shareholder value by growing revenue faster than the market, improving our operating margins and achieving double-digit adjusted EPS growth. We are excited about 2015 and optimistic about strengthening Boston Scientific's global market position. We have recently taken an important step toward leadership in the urology device category, entering into an agreement to acquire the Men's Health and Prostate Health businesses of American Medical Systems. The strategic acquisition, which is expected to be completed in the second half of 2015 subject to customary closing conditions, will add technologies for treating benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH), male stress urinary incontinence and erectile dysfunction, complementing the robust kidney stone, pelvic organ prolapse, female stress urinary incontinence and abnormal uterine bleeding treatment portfolios of our present Urology and Women's Health business. We are proud to have a Board of Directors comprised of leading experts who have supported

Michael Mahoney, President and Chief Executive Officer

Pete Nicholas, Chairman of the Board March 16, 2015

Michael Mahoney

Pete Nicholas

