To Our Employees and Shareholders:
We are executing our strategic plan and are POWERed for Growth.
Ray J. Groves, Marye Anne Fox and John Abele will be retiring from our Board of Directors in May and we would like to acknowl- edge their important contributions to the Company during their years on the Board. We have been the beneficiaries of their wisdom, judgment and experience and we appreciate their devoted service to Boston Scientific.
We would like to especially recognize John Abele who co-founded Boston Scientific and held a number of critical executive leadership positions at the Company over the years.
As a pioneer of less-invasive medicine, John has devoted his career to improving medical technology, and his contributions to Boston Scientific have left a profound and positive impact. John embodies the timeless values he helped instill in the Company: people, passion, commitment, conviction, integrity and focus on patients. We are grateful to John for his leadership and unique perspective which have benefited the Company for more than 30 years. We are pleased that the Board has designated John a Director Emeritus so that Boston Scientific can continue to benefit from his insight and counsel in the future.
Our employees are united as one team to re-energize and reinvigorate the Company. The spirit of innovation is back, coupled with a relentless drive for continuous improvement and excellence. We have a solid, strategic direction for Boston Scientific and are well on our way to a new era of success. In sum, we are POWERed for growth.
In 2010, we began fully executing our strategic plan we call POWER. We believe we are on the right path to generate stronger earnings and, ultimately, sustain profitable revenue growth. (To learn more about POWER, see the sidebar on page 3.)
Flawless Execution
We now need to execute flawlessly.
We have identified $650 to $750 million in potential cost-reduction opportunities. We believe these opportunities will help us increase earnings in the near term.
One of our largest efforts is Project Transformation, which is designed to change the way we conduct research and development activities and accelerate our go-to-market capabilities. Our goal
is for this initiative to yield an estimated $200 million in savings and efficiencies for redeployment toward new R&D opportuni- ties, strategic acquisitions, debt reduction and other purposes.
We are also focused on better managing our field inventory, which we believe may save millions by lowering inventory levels and reducing scrap; streamlining material handling to yield significant savings in labor costs; reducing plant facilities to 12; and automating our distribution centers through a $40 million effort.
Growth Drivers
Although our two largest markets — drug-eluting stents and cardiac rhythm management — provide a stable, significant revenue base, they are currently showing little to no growth. By entering new growth areas, our goal is to return to an overall annual sales growth rate of 6 to 8 percent by the end of the next four years. We have identified 12 Priority Growth Initiatives
— markets with substantial opportunities
we believe will allow us to attain increased growth rates. As we pursue growth, our overriding principle is clear:
We will buy or build products we understand and sell them through sales forces we already have. These products will be least or less-invasive, cost and comparatively effective and, where possible, reduce or eliminate refractory drug regimens.
Each Priority Growth Initiative is supported by strong demographic and disease prevalence trends and is well aligned
with our existing core competencies and sales channels. We expect that collectively, the markets for these growth initiatives will grow at an average rate of more than 20 percent per year for the next decade.
We are realigning our business portfolio through strategic acquisitions and select divestitures. We have already acted on several of our Priority Growth Initiatives with the recent acquisitions of Asthmatx (bronchial thermoplasty), Sadra Medical (percutaneous aortic valve replacement), Intelect Medical (deep brain stimulation) and Atritech (atrial fibrillation/structural heart). We also have acquired two novel technologies to treat challenging peripheral lesions from S.I. Therapies Ltd. and ReVascular Therapeutics Inc. These
are exciting examples of strong portfolio additions made or initiated in 2010 and early 2011. Also, the sale of our Neurovas- cular business provides us with increased flexibility to fund our Priority Growth Initiatives, improve our leverage and accelerate revenue growth.
A significant opportunity lies in increasing and improving our global capabilities. For example, we estimate that our market share for drug-eluting stents is more than
30 percent in developed markets but approaches only 6 percent in emerging markets, where many governments are accelerating their health care spending and creating opportunities for us. We are investing $30 to $40 million through 2011 to increase our presence in markets such as China, India and Brazil. As part of this effort, we are significantly expanding our sales forces in these and other under-penetrated countries.
POWERed for Growth
This is an exciting time for Boston Scientific for a number of reasons:
• First, our diverse portfolio of products is ranked first, second or third in market share in more than 75 percent of our markets.
• Second, we invest nearly $1 billion annually in research and development. We believe our extensive pipeline of 150 R&D products, combined with projects associated with our Priority Growth Initiatives, puts us in a strong position for success.
• Third, during the next five years, our
goal is to generate free cash flows that will be more than ample to pay down
our debt to approximately $4 billion and still leave us with $7 billion for additional business investments and potential risk contingencies. With this degree of financial flexibility and strength, we plan to continue pursuing meaningful product development and acquisitions.
As we anticipate the year ahead, we
move forward knowing that physicians look to us to make life better for patients facing serious medical conditions. At the same time, investors look to us to produce solid results. We are committed to meeting these expectations with the highest levels of quality, compliance and integrity.
S S
i i
n n
c c
e e
r r
e e
l l
y
y
,
,
  Ray Elliott
President and
Chief Executive Officer
Pete Nicholas Chairman of the Board
March 15, 2011
   2
             Our Strategic Plan
     Boston Scientific’s mission is to improve the quality of patient care and the productivity of health care delivery through the development and advocacy of less-invasive medical devices and procedures. As we pursue this mission, we seek to lead global markets for less-invasive medical devices by developing and marketing innovative products, services and therapies that address unmet patient needs, provide superior clinical outcomes and demonstrate proven economic value.
Our strategic plan is represented by the acronym POWER:
Prepare our people and place them in strategic positions to inspire others and deliver results. Everything we do to achieve success starts and ends with people. We have strengthened our focus on talent assessment and leadership development and are committed to developing our people and providing them with opportunities to contribute to our growth and success.
Optimize the Company for greater efficiency and effectiveness. We have identified opportunities to restructure and streamline Boston Scientific in a number of areas. We constantly strive to become more efficient and effective.
Win global market share by improving our ability to conduct business in both developed and emerging markets outside the U.S. To that end, we are increasing our sales forces in emerging markets, expanding the number of our product registrations outside the U.S., and improving our ability to sell and market effectively across a broad spectrum of cultures.
Expand our global sales and marketing focus with critical new analytics, best practices and technologies. We are also increasing our global sales force through targeted expansions.
Realign our business portfolio to improve leverage and accelerate profitable revenue growth. We are refocusing our portfolio on Priority Growth Initiatives which, among other criteria, leverage existing sales forces with least or less-invasive, cost and comparatively effective medical devices that, where possible, reduce or eliminate refractory drug regimens.
     3
