                To Our Shareholders and Employees
2007 was a challenging year for Boston Scientific and its competitors as we all faced an unprecedented contraction in the drug-eluting stent (DES) market and continued slow growth in the cardiac rhythm manage- ment (CRM) market. For Boston Scientific, it was also a year of transition as we implemented a number of initia- tives designed to restore profitable growth, increase shareholder value and strengthen the Company for the future. Despite these challenges, we demonstrated our ability to maintain market share throughout the year, and we found many reasons for encouragement in our 2007 performance.
While our DES and CRM revenues were not what we had hoped, the rest of our businesses grew nine percent com- pared with 2006. We retained strong market share and leadership positions in many of our businesses, and seven of 10 posted record sales, bringing Boston Scientific’s total 2007 sales to $8.357 billion – our highest level ever.
Perhaps the most meaningful progress during the year resulted from our comprehensive quality effort, which revolutionized our quality systems and transformed our culture. Our CRM warning letter was lifted, paving the way for 10 planned new product launches in 2008 – a record number for our CRM business. While quality will continue to be our most important responsibility, it will not demand the same level of remedial spending as in the past two years, and many of those resources will shift back to research and development (R&D) and man- ufacturing value improvement programs. We expect the corporate warning letter issued to Boston Scientific in 2006 by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to be lifted this year, subject to the timing and outcome of the FDA’s review, and that a robust flow of profitable new products will be restored across our businesses.
In DES, we successfully launched our TAXUS® Express2TM stent system in Japan and became the world’s number-
one stent manufacturer. We continued to lead in DES market share in nearly all our major markets, even in the face of new competition. We expect to strengthen our position in the U.S. market with the anticipated 2008 launch of TAXUS® Liberté,® our second-generation paclitaxel-eluting coronary stent, and the PROMUSTM everolimus-eluting coronary stent. In markets outside the U.S., we are the only company to offer two DES platforms, with two distinct drugs. With FDA approval of TAXUS Liberté and PROMUS stents, we will become the only company with a two-drug offering in the U.S.
2007 Events in the CRM and DES Markets
The slow growth in the CRM market and the contraction in the DES market were a reflection of decreased con- fidence in these therapies. As a result, CRM sales did not rebound as we expected. At approximately the same time, safety concerns were raised about drug-eluting stents, primarily due to several clinical studies that sug- gested that they were less safe or effective than they actually are. The most widely publicized of these was a Swedish study that indicated patients with DES had a higher risk of death than patients with bare-metal stents.
These findings were not supported by longer-term data, and the Swedish investigators later reversed their study findings. There is now more widespread agreement
in the medical community that drug-eluting stents do not pose a higher risk of death than bare-metal stents. However, the concern created by these early studies took a toll. After years of consistent growth, DES use in the U.S. fell more than 30 percent in 2007, and Boston Scientific’s sales, earnings and stock price were affected.
These market events were unprecedented in the history of the medical device industry, and we believe they are unlikely to persist. The CRM market, in fact, is already showing signs of recovery. The fundamentals of both the international and domestic CRM markets remain strong: the U.S. market for patients in need of implantable
 3

                cardiac defibrillators (ICDs), for example, is still greatly under-penetrated. Our own CRM sales grew 11 percent in the fourth quarter of 2007, and we have reasons to believe that the CRM market will be a powerful growth engine for the Company in the future.
We also expect the DES market to rebound as the facts about the safety and powerful benefits of drug-eluting stents continue to take hold. As market growth returns, Boston Scientific will be well positioned as the medical device company with the most innovative pipeline of DES products and the only two-drug platform.
A Plan for Future Growth
In response to the decline in CRM and DES sales, we implemented a number of measures during 2007 to reposition the Company for renewed growth and profitability, specifically:
• We simplified our business model by divesting five businesses that were not part of our core growth strategy. The sale of these businesses generated a combined after-tax cash of approximately $1 billion and will enable us to focus future investment on those areas of the Company that have the greatest potential for growth, market leadership and promising new therapies.
• As part of our divestitures, we completed the sale of our Auditory business and drug pump development program to former principals and shareholders of Advanced Bionics while establishing sole management control of the Pain Management business, including the emerging indications program.
• We restructured several of the Company’s businesses, consolidating 16 units into eight to improve efficiency and leverage technology synergies and resources. As part of this restructuring, we integrated the Electrophysiology business with CRM, which we believe will enable
us to realize the full potential of our CRM Group and
offer a broader range of implantable devices and ablation therapies.
• We initiated a plan to reduce expenses to bring them in line with revenues. This effort included a difficult but necessary reduction in head count. We are eliminating 2,300 jobs worldwide and reducing our workforce by an additional 2,000 through our divestures, for a total reduction of 4,300 positions. We expect these steps will generate between $475 and $525 million in savings, the majority of which will be realized in 2008. In addi- tion, we expect to reduce our expenses by an additional $25 million to $50 million in 2009.
• We amended our term loan and credit facility and reduced our gross debt by more than $700 million.
• We are selling our entire public investment portfolio and plan to monetize the majority of our private portfolio.
• We entered into a settlement agreement covering a significant amount of outstanding litigation related to claims associated with products sold by Guidant Corporation in 2005 and 2006, prior to Boston Scientific’s acquisition in April 2006.
• We initiated multiple programs designed to increase efficiency in large-scale business processes and to improve gross margins, operating profit and cash flow.
• We made continuous quality improvement part of our operations and culture by implementing new quality systems, revalidating our manufacturing controls and re-engineering and refining our management controls. Our quality-monitoring metrics show we have made significant improvement. As we shift our focus from correction to prevention, we will have the ability to continuously raise – not merely sustain – standards of quality for our products. The Quality Master Plan we implemented in 2006 ensures that quality will remain a top priority in management decision-making. We know that the quality of our products is of critical importance
 4

                to the millions of patients who depend on them. We also believe that quality ultimately will be a significant competitive differentiator for Boston Scientific.
Growth Opportunities Across Our Markets
CARDIAC RHYTHM MANAGEMENT
In 2007, our CRM business completed a major re-engi- neering of its operations to drive the highest standards of quality and to better meet customer and patient needs. From the product development process to manufacturing, operations and our extensive supplier network, we have made tremendous progress in the way we bring new products to market. Most important, our improved quality systems are enabling us to produce what we believe are among the highest-quality products in the industry.
In late 2007 and early 2008, we received both U.S. FDA and European CE Mark regulatory approval for the first Boston Scientific-branded pulse generators: the LIVIANTM cardiac resynchronization therapy defibrillator (CRT-D) and the CONFIENTTM implantable cardioverter-defibrillator (ICD). We also have received CE Mark approval for the first CRM products built on our new, high-reliability plat- form: the COGNISTM CRT-D and the TELIGENTM ICD. The result of a multi-year research and development effort
to provide physicians enhanced clinical options for their patients, these next-generation devices are currently pending FDA approval, which we expect to secure in time for a U.S. launch in the second half of 2008. Other important U.S. product launches scheduled for 2008, upon FDA approval, include the ALTRUATM pacemaker
– the first Boston Scientific-branded pacing device – and the ACUITYTM Spiral Left Ventrical (LV) lead, which recently received European CE Mark approval.
Early in 2008 we received FDA approval for our upgraded LATITUDE® Patient Management System, which includes enhanced remote monitoring capabilities of our CRM devices. Recent instances of lead failure in ICDs from
one of our competitors demonstrated the importance of remote monitoring of device performance – not only to manage patients but also to build physician confidence in device reliability. We believe the LATITUDE system offers a strong, differentiated platform, and we are seeing a growing number of referring and implanting physicians choosing Boston Scientific devices based on the enhanced clinical benefits provided by this system.
Like other parts of the Company, CRM continues to expand globally. International CRM sales showed especially strong growth in 2007, increasing nearly 13 percent over 2006.
CARDIOVASCULAR
During 2007, we marked our third year of leadership
in the U.S. market for drug-eluting stents, maintaining between 53 percent and 56 percent market share for 10 consecutive quarters. We also became the global DES market leader during 2007. As we enter 2008, we are well positioned to sustain that leadership with key new products, an impressive body of clinical evidence to support approval of expanded indications for our drug- eluting stents, the broadest range of stent size offerings in the industry and our experienced R&D, marketing and sales organizations.
We received FDA approval to extend the shelf life of the TAXUS® Express2TM paclitaxel-eluting coronary stent sys- tem to 18 months – the longest of any drug-eluting stent. WeanticipateFDAapprovaloftheTAXUS® Liberté,® our second-generation, paclitaxel-eluting coronary stent sys- tem, this year. The TAXUS Liberté stent system is the number-one stent in most international markets, a position that we believe will strengthen thanks to the CE Mark approval it recently received for use in patients with diabetes. The TAXUS Liberté stent system now has more CE Mark-approved indications than any other drug- eluting stent, enabling treatment of a wide range of patients, many who are high-risk patients.
 5

                Our major non-stent cardiology franchises continued to perform well, with five of these eight franchises leading their markets in 2007 and the other three holding strong number-two positions.
ENDOSURGERY
Our Endosurgery Group continued its track record of dou- ble-digit growth with an 11 percent increase in 2007 over 2006, on the strength of 13 percent growth in Endoscopy. Our Endoscopy business has emerged as a prominent business for Boston Scientific. Most of our Endoscopy franchises hold number-one market positions. In 2007, we launched the SpyGlass® Direct Visualization System, the first cholangioscopy system that enables direct visu- alization in biliary intervention. This system makes it pos- sible for a physician to secure a definitive diagnosis and perform therapeutic intervention all in one procedure. We expect the SpyGlass system to become a steady driver of the Endoscopy business for years to come.
NEUROMODULATION
The market for Pain Management, a therapeutic appli- cation of Neuromodulation technology for the treat- ment of chronic pain, expanded rapidly in 2007, with Boston Scientific’s sales growing 40 percent year
over year. This growth gives us the number-two overall market position worldwide. Boston Scientific is the technology leader in spinal cord stimulation, offering
a pain management system engineered to precisely target pain and fit a patient’s lifestyle. We expect that the launch of our Observational Mechanical Gateway (OMGTM) device, which enables physicians to make side-by-side comparisons with competitors’ devices, will highlight our technology leadership and strengthen our market position. We are also actively exploring additional therapeutic applications for neuromodulation technology, including other sources of peripheral pain and urinary incontinence.
NEUROVASCULAR
Our Neurovascular business grew 10 percent in 2007 over 2006 despite product launches from three key competitors, giving Boston Scientific market leader- ship in every product category of interventional neuro- radiology. We expect to fortify this market position with data from our unprecedented clinical trials for coils and atherosclerotic stents, and to further extend it through restored new product flow now that our engineering teams have returned their primary focus from remedia- tion efforts to innovation.
Our Shared Community
Boston Scientific continued its support of research, education and local communities during 2007, contributing time, expertise and more than $30 million. Through the Boston Scientific Foundation, we helped improve health and educational opportunities for those in need by funding non-profit organizations in the communities where our employees live and work. We also expanded our National Health Disparities Initiative, which provides funding for community health centers that show outstanding evidence of improved health outcomes for patients. In 2007, we launched Phase II of this initiative, which focuses on improving the health of homeless patients and migrant farm workers.
In 2007, the size of the Boston Scientific Board of Directors expanded with the election of Ray Elliott,
a highly regarded health care industry executive and former Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of Zimmer Holdings. We also made three key additions to our Clinical Sciences organization. Keith Dawkins, M.D., joined the organization as Senior Vice President and Associate Chief Medical Officer, Cardiovascular; Takahiro Uchida, M.D., became Medical Director, International; Jay Schnitzer, M.D., Ph.D., was named Associate Chief Medical Officer for Endosurgery,
 6

                Neurovascular and Neuromodulation. Arjun Sharma, M.D., FACC, also joined the organization as Vice President, Patient Safety for CRM. We said goodbye to Larry
Best, our Chief Financial Officer, who retired from the Company after 15 years of distinguished service. Larry was an integral part of Boston Scientific and his many accomplishments helped shape our Company. We were pleased to welcome Sam Leno as our new Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance and Information Systems. Also retiring during 2007 was Jeff Goodman, Executive Vice President, International, who was one of the driving forces in making Boston Scientific a global company. Jeff is succeeded by David McFaul, who was previously President of the Asia Pacific and Japan region. Finally, we offered our best wishes to Paul Sandman, our long-time General Counsel, who retired in early 2008. Paul was a crucial partner
in our growth and success. Above all, he was a moral compass for the Company, setting and demanding an uncompromising standard for integrity.
We also would like to recognize those people who left the organization during the past year as a result of our need to reduce expenses. Many of them put in years of dedicated and effective service to Boston Scientific. We thank them for that service and wish them well.
Building a Better Future
For nearly three decades, Boston Scientific has played
a vital role in health care, providing industry-leading solutions for many of the most prevalent and debilitating diseases. We have already helped millions of patients improve their lives, but we can do much more – and we will. The improvements we implemented in 2007 have positioned us well for the future. As we enter 2008, we are a stronger and healthier company, with the capacity and commitment to create the industry’s highest-quality and most innovative products.
While we don’t underestimate the challenges ahead of us, we believe we have prepared well for them and that Boston Scientific holds great promise for customers, patients and shareholders alike. We have one of the best intellectual property portfolios in the medical device industry. We have a strong and experienced senior management team and an outstanding group of employ- ees. Most important, we are united by a mission to help clinicians improve patients’ lives through innovative medical technologies that lead the world in quality, reliability and efficacy. Together, we are building a better future for millions of patients around the world.
Thank you for your belief in – and continued support of – our mission.
Sincerely,
Jim Tobin
President and Chief Executive Officer
March 17, 2008
    Pete Nicholas
Chairman of the Board
 7
