    Pete Nicholas,
Chairman of the Board
Michael Mahoney,
President and
Chief Executive Officer
In 2013, we realized consolidated revenue of $7.143 billion. This represents a two percent increase in operational revenue and a one percent revenue decline on a reported basis3. We delivered full-year adjusted earnings per share of $0.734. We improved gross profit margin to 69.6 percent from 67.6 percent in 2012—driven primarily from our standard cost reductions and process improvements. We continued to invest in meaningful innovation. Our Research & Development (R&D) expense was $861 million in 2013 or 12 percent of sales. We continued to pursue efficiencies in our R&D approach by leveraging innovation across the company. We deployed a balanced capital allocation strategy, which included repurchasing approximately $500 million of our common stock.
To improve our global effectiveness, we reorganized our business units in 2013 to operate and measure them from a global perspective along three reporting segments: MedSurg, which consists of our Neuro- modulation, Endoscopy, and Urology and Women’s Health businesses; Rhythm Management, which consists of our Cardiac Rhythm Management and Electrophysiology businesses; and Cardiovascular, which consists of our Interventional Cardiology and Peripheral Interventions businesses.
For 2013, the MedSurg segment grew revenue at nine percent on a constant currency basis and faster than its underlying markets, with each business performing well—led by growth of 24 percent in Neuromodulation, seven percent in Endoscopy, and three percent in Urology and Women’s Health5. The Rhythm Management segment showed encouraging results with improved revenue in 2013. The sales within our Cardiovascular segment were down three percent on a constant currency basis in 2013, primarily due to softness in our sales of coronary drug-eluting stents (DES) offset, in part, by continued strength in our other cardiology products, such as guide wires and atherectomy devices5.
Dear Stockholders:
In 2013, Boston Scientific continued our legacy of delivering meaningful innovation and executed on key financial and strategic goals. We are pleased with our performance and believe that we
are well positioned to accelerate our growth and increase stockholder value.
In 2013, we delivered on our full year revenue and adjusted earnings growth goals and executed against our five strategic imperatives that include growing market share, expanding into high-growth adjacencies and global markets, driving margin improvements and developing talent and capabilities to lead in a dynamic global healthcare market. We believe that this execution helped to drive value for our stockholders.
3 Operational sales/revenue and growth rates are non-GAAP measures that exclude the impact of sales from divested businesses and changes in foreign currency exchange rates; see reconciliation to GAAP sales/revenue and growth rates on page 17.
4 Adjusted earnings per share is a non-GAAP measure; see reconciliation to GAAP earnings per share on page 17.
5 Constant currency sales/revenue and growth rates are non-GAAP measures that exclude the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates; see reconciliation to GAAP sales/revenue and growth rates on page 17.

Performance that Counts
We estimate that we grew faster than or at the market growth rate in five of seven of our businesses in 2013. Highlights of our 2013 performance:
• We continued to strengthen our market position in Neuromodulation, particularly in the U.S. where we estimate that the Precision SpectraTM Spinal Cord Stimulation (SCS) System took significant market share and accelerated overall market growth.
• In Endoscopy, our solid sales growth was driven primarily by our hemostasis franchise, biliary devices and metal stents. Our Alair® Bronchial Thermoplasty System, an innovative medical device for the treatment of severe asthma, delivered double-digit sales growth as we surpassed 350 treatment sites worldwide. Our Endoscopy business experienced strong international sales in 2013 as well, driven by expansion of our commercial capabilities,
the registration of existing products, as well as continued investments in new products.
• In our Urology and Women’s Health business, sales in 2013 were driven by our global expansion and several new product launches. International sales strength in 2013 stemmed from registration of new products and a shift to a direct sales model in several European countries.
• Within our Cardiac Rhythm Management business, we estimate that we exited the year with sequential worldwide market share gains. Our pacemaker franchise continued to see strong adoption of our INGENIO® family of pacemaker systems. And
in our defibrillation franchise there was broad physician interest in our S-ICD® System, the only subcutaneous implantable defibrillator available for the treatment of at-risk sudden cardiac
death patients.
• The acquisition of C.R. Bard Inc.’s electrophysiology business enhanced our overall electrophysiology (EP) business by differentiating and expanding our commercial presence and product portfolio, including catheter and recording device technologies
that will enable us to better serve the rapidly growing global EP market.
• Excluding DES, our Interventional Cardiology business delivered solid constant currency sales growth as we continued to offer physicians the broadest array of tools to treat the most complex lesions, from imaging catheters to atherectomy to devices designed to treat chronic total occlusions5.
• Peripheral Interventions demonstrated strong, consistent performance in 2013 by delivering above market constant currency growth, driven by our leading balloon and stent franchises 5.
A year ago, we introduced our new Company mission, six core values and brand declaration. Collectively, these words became our compass to guide us on our journey to return to growth. “Advancing science for life” now serves as our rallying cry, and our values of caring, diversity, winning spirit, meaningful innovation, global collaboration and high performance are a barometer against which we measure our actions.
Innovation that Matters
Boston Scientific’s meaningful innovations are aimed at fueling our growth and meeting patient needs around the world. As the market shift toward value-based healthcare continues, customers, payers and patients are increasingly expecting solutions that deliver improvements in both clinical and economic outcomes. We see opportunities to meet the evolving needs of our changing market, to drive more value from our pipeline and to offer solutions that can ultimately transform the lives of more patients while enhancing overall value to the healthcare system.
 5 Constant currency sales/revenue and growth rates are non-GAAP measures that exclude the impact of changes
in foreign currency exchange rates; see reconciliation to GAAP sales/revenue and growth rates on page 17. 2013 Annual Report Page 2 | 3

We believe that our portfolio and pipeline are highly differentiated to meet both unique clinical value to patients and economic value to our customers. Key highlights in 2013:
• Our S-ICD® System won the prestigious 2013 Prix Galien USA Award for Best Medical Technology. This breakthrough technology is meaningful because it offers patients an alternative solution to transvenous ICDs, which require leads to be placed in the heart itself. We remain excited about this highly differentiated therapy and its unique ability to provide protection from sudden cardiac death without touching the heart.
• Our Alair® Bronchial Thermoplasty System was recognized as a finalist of the 2013 Prix Galien USA Award. For patients with drug-resistant asthma, this system helps to reduce asthma attack frequency and severity while potentially decreasing costly visits to the emergency room.
• We gained a favorable FDA Advisory Panel vote (13 to 1) for our WATCHMAN® Left Atrial Appendage Closure Device6. This unique device is designed to close the left atrial appendage and prevent blood clot migration in atrial fibrillation patients, reducing the incidence of stroke and systemic embolism.
• We achieved CE Mark and FDA 510(k) clearance for our novel RhythmiaTM Mapping System designed to enhance treatment options and simplify complicated electrophysiology procedures.
• We received CE Mark approval for our LotusTM Valve System6, a next-generation transcatheter aortic valve replacement (TAVR) device that offers precise positioning and placement, with an outer skirt designed to limit paravalvular leak, a key determinant of long-term mortality.
• We enhanced our DES portfolio and capabilities with FDA approval and U.S. launch of our Promus PREMIERTM Coronary Stent System. This next- generation system offers physicians improved performance in treating patients with coronary
artery disease. Internationally, our SYNERGYTM Coronary Stent System6, a premium drug-eluting stent technology that features a bioabsorbable drug and polymer platform, continued to perform well.
• We strengthened our market position in the U.S. in 2013 with the Precision SpectraTM device, the world’s first and only SCS system with Illumina 3DTM Software and 32 contacts designed to provide chronic pain relief, with more coverage, flexibility and advanced control to a wider range of patients.
• We generated momentum with the VessixTM Renal Denervation System6, currently available in Europe, the Middle East, Australia, New Zealand and select markets in Asia. The Vessix System
is a second-generation balloon-expandable, multipoint renal denervation platform that uses bipolar energy to disrupt the hyperactivity of renal sympathetic nerves that leads to uncontrolled high blood pressure.
Global Expansion
Expanding our global capabilities remains a strategic imperative to drive our growth. Our investments
in the emerging markets are beginning to payoff.
In 2013, our sales in Brazil, Russia, India and China (BRIC) grew on a constant currency basis by nearly 30 percent and in our total emerging markets by
20 percent5. We believe that our realignment along global divisions has led to improved overall company performance, giving us the ability to better coordinate global product launches, balance our product portfolios and commercial resources and align investments in R&D with what we believe to be the high-return opportunities.
In 2013, we opened the Boston Scientific Institute for Advancing Science and the Innovation Center in Shanghai, China, and established an office for the first time in Russia. We believe these developments strengthen our ability to work closely with more customers around the world and bring new treatment options to the patients they serve.
5 Constant currency sales/revenue and growth rates are non-GAAP measures that exclude the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates; see reconciliation to GAAP sales/revenue and growth rates on page 17.
6 Caution: Investigational Device. Limited by Federal (or U.S.) law to investigational use only. Not available for sale.

Advancing Science for Life
 Looking ahead, we remain focused on executing our strategic imperatives and expect to continue
to improve our financial performance, expand our operating margin and accelerate full-year operational revenue and adjusted earnings growth. Our goal is to grow our core businesses faster than the market and to grow our adjusted operating income faster than sales. Along with a focus on enhanced profitability, we expect to continue to generate strong cash flow to support investments aligned with our strategic priorities.
Beyond our business performance, Boston Scientific continues to embrace its role as a good corporate citizen in the communities where we live and work. Whether it is through sustainable business practices or a day of regional volunteering, we are investing time, talent and resources to bring support and services to these communities. On the sidebar
to the right are a few examples of our efforts to transform lives in our communities.
Our organization is driven to develop meaningful innovation and to collaborate with our customers to advance science with the ultimate objective of transforming lives. Our employees are fulfilling that mission every day by helping patients, customers and the communities where our employees live and work.
We thank our stockholders for their continued support of Boston Scientific. We thank our employees for their dedication, winning spirit and high performance. And we look forward to reporting on our future progress.
Sincerely,
Michael Mahoney
President and Chief Executive Officer
Pete Nicholas Chairman of the Board
Transforming Lives in Our Communities in 2013
$54M 20,000reached by our
in research and educational grants
   STEM volunteers
150,000reached through our Close the Gap health
equity initiative
92% of solid waste diverted from landfills
for recycling or reuse
To learn more about our corporate citizenship and sustainability initiatives visit bostonscientific.com/corporate-citizenship.
STEM is an acronym for Science, Technology, Engineering and Math. Close the Gap initiative is designed to increase disease awareness and access to healthcare for underserved populations.
Numbers are based on Company estimates as of December 31, 2013.
             March 18, 2014
2013 Annual Report
Page 4 | 5
