 LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS
  Dear Stockholders: I am often struck by the strong sense of purpose our Boston Scientific employees share for advancing science for life.
Like many on our team, I became fascinated by the wonders of both healthcare and technology when
I was young. I was fortunate to have a grandfather who was a pediatric cardiac surgeon, and I grew
up admiring his dedication to his work and how he helped children suffering from heart disease. The science of repairing wounded hearts amazed me then, and it still does. While I didn’t grow up to be
a surgeon, I found my passion in healthcare and at Boston Scientific where we work to develop medical devices for heart disease and many other life threat- ening and debilitating conditions. Today, I am more inspired than ever by our mission to transform lives through innovative medical solutions that improve the health of patients around the world.
Our work is guided by core values that define the Boston Scientific culture and empower our employees. These values of caring, meaningful innovation, high performance, global collaboration and diversity are all anchored in a winning spirit that reflects our passion, as well as our commitment
to leadership and pursuit of excellence in all that we do. Guided by our values, Boston Scientific achieved outstanding financial results in 2016, marked by strong growth and exciting milestones across our businesses and regions, including
more than 450 regulatory product approvals and clearances worldwide, 135 active clinical trials enrolling 131,000 patients, the introduction of 93 products and, most importantly, helping improve the lives of 24 million patients.4
Our sharp focus on expanding category leader- ship and driving growth in emerging markets is working. More than 27,000 talented and dedicated Boston Scientific employees are collaborating with customers worldwide to identify unmet needs, provide access to meaningful innovation and address the economic pressures experienced by many stakeholders delivering healthcare.
While I am proud of what we’ve accomplished, we know that working in the healthcare industry carries significant responsibility, and that means we must always be curious, we must always be coura- geous, and we can never be satisfied. Our mission and values will continue to guide us as we adapt to ongoing changes in markets globally. We will do so by being agile and responsive to the needs of our customers and the patients whom we serve together.
2016 Business Results
We are committed to delivering high performance and fulfilling our promises to patients, customers and shareholders. In 2016, our momentum continued across our businesses and regions with accelerated revenue growth, improved profitability and strong double-digit adjusted earnings per share growth:
We achieved full-year sales of $8.386 billion, representing 12 percent revenue growth on both a reported and operational basis, and 10 percent organic revenue growth.1,2 Our 2016 sales growth was faster than the average revenue growth in 2016 for our peer group.5
 1 Operational sales/revenues and growth rates are non-GAAP measures that exclude the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates; see reconciliation of GAAP sales/revenues and growth rates on pages 11 and 12.   2 Organic growth rates are non-GAAP measures that exclude the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and the sales from the acquisitions of the interventional business of Bayer AG, the American Medical Systems male urology portfolio and EndoChoice Holdings, Inc. over the prior year period; see reconciliation of GAAP sales/revenues and growth rates on pages 11 and 12.   4 Rounded average based on company sales and estimated usage patterns as of December 31, 2016. 5 Our peer group includes the companies listed under “Competitive Market Analysis” in our proxy statement for the 2017 annual meeting of stockholders.
1
 
2
TRANSFORMING LIVES
 “I feel really lively, like I’m young again. I have my life back.
I now have huge expectations for the future. I still have a lot to do.”
— PEDRO CURY

 A Life Transformed
Retired architect Pedro Cury loved to paint
and draw, but when his Parkinson’s disease progressed he could no longer draw a straight line. Unable to walk and confined to a wheelchair, he consulted a neurosurgeon
who suggested he might be a candidate for deep brain stimulation (DBS). After a series
of preoperative tests, Pedro decided to move ahead with the surgery. Following a successful procedure, Pedro is living his life again walking, painting and spending time with his family.
VerciseTM PC Deep Brain Stimulation System6
The Vercise PC System is a non-rechargeable treatment option that targets specific areas
in the brain with electrical current, allowing physicians to adapt therapy to fit the needs of patients with Parkinson’s disease, primary and secondary dystonia and tremor. The Vercise platform is the only DBS solution that is designed to finely control the stimulation field through multiple independent current control (MICC) technology, which is intended to offer greater precision, flexibility and options with neural targeting for improved patient outcomes.
We grew full-year adjusted earnings per share to $1.11 cents.3 This 20 percent adjusted EPS growth includes a significant six cent negative foreign exchange impact.3 We were able to overcome this foreign exchange headwind and still deliver on our commitment for double-digit adjusted EPS growth.3 The 2016 total return on our common stock of 17 percent exceeded the return of the S&P 500 index. The Boston Scientific five- and three-year total shareholder return have consistently outpaced the S&P 500 index growing 305% and 80% over those time frames, respectively.
We continued to drive global expansion with emerging market organic sales growth of 19 percent in 2016, representing approximately
$1 billion in revenue or 12 percent of our total annual sales. This growth was led by strong results across many countries, most notably our business in China, which grew organic revenue 22 percent.2 We invested $920 million, or 11 percent of sales, in research and development to fuel meaningful innovation.
We made strategic acquisitions of Cosman Medical, EndoChoice Holdings, the gynecology and urology portfolio of Distal Access, the LumenRTM Tissue Retractor System and manufacturing assets and capabilities of the Neovasc advanced biological tissue business.
We continued to improve the profitability of
the company by expanding our adjusted operating margin from 22.3 percent in 2015 to 24.1 percent in 2016, an improvement of 180 basis points.3 We have improved adjusted operating margin by more than 600 basis points since 2012.3 As a result of these improvements, we delivered differentiated adjusted earnings per share growth while simultaneously fueling our innovation pipeline. With our performance in 2016, we continue to be on track to expand our stated adjusted operating margin expansion goals
of 25 percent in 2017 and 28 percent by 2020. Our teams across Boston Scientific continue to focus on improving productivity and reducing costs so that we can redirect savings into high-growth technologies, strategic investments and our future portfolio.
            2 Organic growth rates are non-GAAP measures that exclude the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and the sales from the acquisitions of the interventional business of Bayer AG, the American Medical Systems male urology portfolio and EndoChoice Holdings, Inc. over the prior year period; see reconciliation of GAAP sales/revenues and growth rates on pages 11 and 12.   3 Adjusted operating margin, adjusted earnings per share and their related growth rates are non-GAAP measures that exclude the impact of goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges, acquisition- and divestiture-related net charges and credits, restructuring and restructuring-related net charges, litigation-related net charges, pension termination charges, debt extinguishment charges, discrete tax items and amortization expense.   6 CE Marked. Not available for use or sale in the U.S.
3

  Our products are used to help diagnose or treat a wide range of complex diseases and conditions across cardiovascular, respiratory, digestive, neurological, urological and pelvic health. Our company is organized into our Cardiovascular, Rhythm Management and MedSurg segments.
The CARDIOVASCULAR segment delivered strong results with operational and organic revenue growth of 12 percent in 2016 and improved adjusted operating margin by more than 130 basis points year-over- year.1,2,3 Our Interventional Cardiology and Peripheral Interventions businesses are leading the market with double-digit growth. Strong sales of our SYNERGYTM Bioabsorbable Polymer Drug-Eluting Stent System, for the treatment of coronary artery disease, boosted Interventional Cardiology performance, and our Peripheral Interventions business grew share as the only company investing in both a drug-coated balloon and drug-eluting stent portfolio to treat peripheral artery disease. We received CE Mark for the EluviaTM Drug-Eluting Vascular Stent,7 the first polymer-based, drug-eluting stent designed to treat peripheral lesions above the knee, and we expect to bring this innovation to the U.S. in the coming years.
Our Structural Heart franchise offers a differenti- ated portfolio and is an important growth driver for the company. We further solidified our position in the market by helping to secure Medicare coverage for the WATCHMANTM Left Atrial Appendage Closure Device intended for stroke risk reduction in eligible patients with a heart arrhythmia called non-valvular atrial fibrillation – a truly differentiated technology (see more about the WATCHMAN Device on page 7).
The RHYTHM MANAGEMENT segment, made up of the Cardiac Rhythm Management (CRM) and Electrophysiology businesses, grew operational and organic revenue 3 percent in 2016, while adjusted operating margin improved nearly 300 basis points year-over-year.1,2,3 We continued to deliver worldwide CRM market share gains with strong growth across our pacemaker and Subcutaneous Implantable Defibrillator (S-ICD) franchises. We received regula- tory approval in the U.S., Europe, Japan and New
Zealand for the EMBLEMTM MRI S-ICD System, with magnetic resonance (MR) conditional labeling for all previously implanted EMBLEM S-ICD Systems that are used to treat patients at risk of sudden cardiac arrest. We also received U.S. regulatory approval
for our portfolio of MR conditional pacemakers and leads, which are designed to treat bradycardia, a condition in which the heart beats too slowly. In Electrophysiology, we continued the expansion of our product offerings with a number of new navigation- enabled catheters and software to enhance the capabilities of our high-definition RHYTHMIATM Mapping System for use during procedures to diagnose or treat a variety of conditions in which
the heart beats abnormally.
The MEDSURG segment, comprised of Endoscopy, Urology and Pelvic Health and Neuromodulation, grew operational revenue 20 percent and organic revenue 11 percent in 2016, and adjusted operating margin improved approximately 50 basis points year-over- year.1,2,3 We have invested in our MedSurg business- es over the past five years and made a number of acquisitions in 2016 to expand our category leadership and to expand our therapeutic offerings. Endoscopy and Urology and Pelvic Health are clear category leaders in many markets, and Neuromodulation has moved from the number three share position five years ago to number one in the U.S., and we have made great progress growing share globally. In Endoscopy, our next-generation SpyGlassTM DS Direct Visualization System, used for the diagnosis and treatment of complex disorders of the pancreas and bile ducts, continues to be a market differentiator.
In Urology and Pelvic Health, we are recognizing synergies from the acquisition of the AMS Men’s Health business and organic product launches.
In Neuromodulation, we received U.S. regulatory approval for the Precision MontageTM MRI Spinal Cord Stimulator System, which provides full-body MRI access, expands our spinal cord stimulation offering and brings customized therapy to more patients suffering from chronic pain. We are
also seeing great momentum in Europe with our VerciseTM Primary Cell (PC) Deep Brain Stimulation
1 Operational sales/revenues and growth rates are non-GAAP measures that exclude the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates; see reconciliation of GAAP sales/revenues and growth rates on pages 11 and 12.   2 Organic growth rates are non-GAAP measures that exclude the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and the sales from the acquisitions of the interventional business of Bayer AG, the American Medical Systems male urology portfolio and EndoChoice Holdings, Inc. over the prior year period; see reconciliation of GAAP sales/revenues and growth rates on pages 11 and 12.   3 Adjusted operating margin, adjusted earnings per share and their related growth rates are non-GAAP measures that exclude the impact of goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges, acquisition- and divestiture-related net charges and credits, restructuring and restructuring-related net charges, litigation-related net charges, pension termination charges, debt extinguishment charges, discrete tax items and amortization expense.
7 Caution: EluviaTM Drug-Eluting Vascular Stent System is CE Marked. It is an investigational device in the U.S. and is not available for sale.
4

(DBS) System6 designed to assist in the treatment
of Parkinson’s disease, dystonia and essential tremor, and are looking forward to bringing this therapy to the U.S. in 2018, pending regulatory approval.
Pursuit of Excellence
Driving category leadership and delivering solutions in today’s healthcare environment requires us to challenge the status quo, understand market needs and push ourselves to deliver increasing value to both customers and patients. We aim to offer customers the deepest, most innovative and cost- effective portfolio of products and solutions within our served markets, and are expanding our offerings to clinicians through product development and strategic investments.
Within our Endoscopy business, the addition of EndoChoice Holdings in 2016 enables us to offer a comprehensive array of gastrointestinal (GI) services and solutions for physicians in group practice settings, as well as hospitals and ambulatory surgery centers. We can also better reach growing areas within the
GI continuum of care, including infection control and pathology lab services. The recently acquired LumenRTM Tissue Retractor System is in develop- ment for use during endoscopic resection of lesions
As we look to the future,
we believe our continued
high performance and strong shareholder value will be driven by growing revenue faster than the markets we serve, improving our operating margins and achieving double-digit adjusted EPS growth.
6 CE Marked. Not available for use or sale in the U.S.
in the colon, esophagus and stomach, which we expect someday will help more physicians treat patients successfully through less invasive endoscopic procedures. Additionally, the 2016 full launch of
the AXIOSTM Stent and Electrocautery Enhanced Delivery System can help physicians manage serious complications from pancreatitis by using a minimally invasive endoscopic approach.
The Urology and Pelvic Health business intro- duced the LithoVueTM Single-Use Digital Flexible Ureteroscope for visualization and navigation during minimally invasive endoscopic procedures to diagnose and treat kidney stones and other conditions of the kidney, ureter and bladder. This platform eliminates many of the inefficiencies and financial costs of ownership for reusable ureteroscopes and has
the potential to disrupt the scope market in both developed and emerging markets. Urology and
Pelvic Health also continues to focus on growth beyond the U.S. with rapid double-digit expansion
in Asian markets such as China, Korea and Taiwan,
as well as in Latin American markets like Brazil, Colombia and Mexico.
Solutions That Matter Most
Our research and development, strategic collabora- tions and equity investments in innovative early stage companies help us advance science by addressing unmet needs and emerging challenges in healthcare. We focus on the toughest problems and create tailored solutions that will make the greatest difference to patients and the healthcare system. We work with our customers to address increasing needs to deliver the best possible care at lower costs by providing solutions beyond devices, so that more people in more places around the world can live longer, healthier lives.
The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services established national coverage in the U.S. for our WATCHMANTM Left Atrial Appendage Closure Device in 2016. This technology provides a stroke risk reduction option for high-risk patients with non-valvular atrial fibrillation who are seeking an alternative to long-term oral anticoagulant therapy.
     5

       MEANINGFUL INNOVATION
       We are committed to building
a deep understanding of the unique needs of our patients and customers, and delivering truly transformative solutions
to their most pressing concerns.
The AXIOSTM Stent and Electrocautery Enhanced Delivery System is the first stent designed to drain symptomatic pancreatic pseudocysts endo- scopically, enabling physicians
to reduce procedure time,11 potentially saving labor costs and reducing anesthesia time and radiation exposure for patients and staff.
The AngioJetTM ZelanteDVTTM Thrombectomy Catheter,
the most powerful thrombec- tomy catheter in the AngioJet portfolio, provides the power and flexibility to remove large venous clot burdens and restore blood flow in patients with deep vein thrombosis (DVT).
the goal of helping physicians proactively manage
a patient’s HF treatment. Data collected from the 900-patient Multisensor Chronic Evaluations in Ambulatory Heart Failure Patients (MultiSENSE) study, presented as a late-breaking clinical trial session at the 2016 American Heart Association Scientific Sessions and published in the Journal of the American College of Cardiology: Heart Failure, demonstrated the Heart- Logic Alert could successfully notify clinicians of
an associated HF event with a 34-day median alert window.10 The successful results from this study and the development of the HeartLogic Service are foun- dational to our continued development of differenti- ated solutions for the management of heart failure.
With the completion of the acquisition of the Cosman Medical Radiofrequency Ablation (RFA) systems, we also have the opportunity to provide physicians and patients with more options to address chronic pain with non-opioid therapeutic treatments.
                               M Single-Use Digital Flexible Ureteroscope
requires no repairs, maintenance or reprocessing, saving hospitals time and money during certain minimally invasive endoscopic procedures so physicians can focus on treating more patients with kidney stones.
A study recently published in the Journal of the American College of Cardiology adds to the strong body of evidence demonstrating a high rate of procedural success and low rate of complications for this device. Today, more than 200 centers in the U.S. have been trained on the WATCHMAN Device and can offer the technology to patients.
We are excited about our transcatheter aortic valve implantation/replacement (TAVI/R) technology program, and our differentiated LOTUS EdgeTM Valve System.8 We look forward to our planned commercial introduction of the LOTUS Edge
Valve System in the U.S. in 2018.
We completed the first clinical trial gathering data to evaluate the performance of the HeartLogicTM Heart Failure Diagnostic Service.9 The HeartLogic Alert is based on a composite score of multiple sensor measurements evaluating different aspects of physiology to predict heart failure (HF) events with
The LithoVueT
T
              8 Caution: The Lotus Edge Valve System is an Investigational Device. Limited by Federal (or US) law to investigational use only. Not available for sale.   9 The HeartLogicTM Heart Failure Diagnostic Service is not currently available for use or sale.   10 Associated heart failure event is defined as hospitalizations with HF as the primary diagnosis and HF outpatient treatment with intravenous therapy.   11 Data from the AXIOS Stent and Electrocautery Enhanced Delivery System IDE Clinical Study and compared to the non-electrocautery enhanced system.
6

             The LOTUS EdgeTM Valve System,8 our next-generation transcatheter aortic valve replacement (TAVR) technology, is designed to offer an effective alternative for treating patients with severe aortic stenosis and who are considered at high risk for surgical valve replacement.
The EMBLEMTM MRI Subcutaneous Implantable Defibrillator (S-ICD) System is a treatment option with magnetic resonance (MR) conditional labeling for patients at risk of sudden cardiac arrest that leaves
the heart and vasculature untouched.
Deepest Collaboration
The way that we advance science is by listening to our customers, understanding the clinical challenges they face and working together to solve them. We are evolving our capabilities to meet the changing needs of the healthcare landscape by enhancing
the balance of our portfolio mix, moving into faster growth segments and innovating to expand the range of solutions that we provide to our customers.
We are collaborating with customers to accelerate growth and contribute to their success as they transi- tion to value-based care. Through our ADVANTICS portfolio of solutions, we are tailoring programs to reduce costs, improve productivity and achieve more standardized care for patients with cardiovascular disease. These solutions are improving patient access to care and delivering double-digit improvements
in lab turnaround time, staff engagement, patient satisfaction and supply chain operating costs.12
The RHYTHMIATM HDx Mapping and Navigation System13
uses increased density, refined resolution and automation to create high-definition mapping that allows physicians to better diagnose and treat arrhythmias.
The WATCHMANTM Left Atrial Appendage Closure (LAAC) Device is the first and only device approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) offering stroke risk reduction for patients with non-valvular
atrial fibrillation (AF) who are seeking an alternative to long-term warfarin therapy.
To support our global growth, we are committed to training clinicians, increasing patient access, and globalizing research and development with centers in Shanghai; Gurugram, India; Heredia, Costa Rica; and Galway, Ireland. Our Institutes for Advancing Science in Maple Grove and Arden Hills, Minnesota; Miyazaki and Tokyo, Japan; Paris; Istanbul; Shanghai; Johannesburg; and Gurugram enable us to offer healthcare professionals hands-on, multidisciplinary training programs for our products and procedures that are geared to local needs and preferences, produced efficiently and informed by the insights of global thought leaders. A great example of this is the Boston Scientific Navigation Express, a state- of-the-art mobile exhibition van that went on a six-month journey across 11 states, 55 cities and 161 hospitals in India to provide awareness of the latest medical solutions in underserved populations.
                       8 Caution: The Lotus Edge Valve System is an Investigational Device. Limited by Federal (or US) law to investigational use only. Not available for sale.   12 Real results from programs. Actual results may vary. Data on file.   13 The RHYTHMIA HDx Mapping and Navigation System is not available for sale in the U.S.
7

   We are also working with leading research orga- nizations and local governments to advance science. Our continuing collaboration with leading hospital systems allows our organizations to share intellectual property and stimulate the rapid development
of medical devices to address unmet clinical needs. Our teams have been working together to develop new medical technologies in areas that include inter- ventional cardiology, peripheral interventions, heart rhythm management, endoscopy, neuromodulation, urology and pelvic health. In Israel, Boston Scientific was among a few companies selected to run an innovation incubator focused on cultivating early-stage companies that are creating medical devices and digital health solutions. By combining the strengths of the public and private sectors through this incubator, we believe we can drive the creation
of new technologies and accelerate the pace at which we can deliver them to our customers.
We are taking on a leadership role in raising awareness of the needs of underserved patient communities across the country through our Close the Gap initiative. As part of the commitment to sup- port health equity for all patients, Boston Scientific sponsored the PLATINUM Diversity study, to evalu- ate the clinical outcomes of the Promus PREMIERTM Everolimus-Eluting Platinum Chromium Coronary Stent System in women and minorities. This is the first of many analyses that we believe will provide valuable insights into the social, behavioral and economic determinants of health of women and minorities. Our hope is that these “real-world” results from the PLATINUM Diversity study will
help clinicians, researchers and advocates better understand how we can work collaboratively to close the gender, race and ethnicity gap when treating cardiovascular disease.
Looking Ahead
We are continuing our strategy of category leadership in key markets and diversification into high-growth adjacencies and investment in innovative medical technologies. As we look to the future, we believe our continued high performance and strong share- holder value will be driven by growing revenue
faster than the markets we serve, improving our operating margins and achieving double-digit adjusted EPS growth.
We have a talented Board of Directors comprised of leading experts with deep and diverse experience who further enrich our strategic thinking and long- term planning. Ellen M. Zane and Yoshiaki Fujimori joined our board in 2016. Both are accomplished business leaders with valuable insights on how large companies plan, execute and compete in today’s dynamic healthcare environment. We thank all of
our board members for their commitment and service to Boston Scientific. We also thank you,
our stockholders, for your continued support, and
our employees for their strong commitment and unwavering winning spirit. Together, we have created significant opportunity to help others, and can look forward to continuing our journey to advance science for life and improve the health of patients around
the world.
Sincerely,
MICHAEL MAHONEY,
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 17, 2017
STOCKHOL INFORMAT
 8
 The Boston Scientific Navigation Express is a
state-of-the-art mobile exhibition
ION
van that went on a six-month journey across 11 states, 55 cities and 161 hospitals in India to provide awareness of the latest medical solutions in underserved populations.
DER
