   To Our Shareholders and Employees
By any measure, 2006 was a remarkable year for Boston Scientific. Building on our 27-year legacy of innovation in medical devices, we completed our largest transaction with the acquisition of Guidant. This acquisition transformed Boston Scientific, providing us essential diversification as well as a powerful growth engine. Our expanded breadth will help drive innovation and in the process help clinicians improve more lives in more ways than ever before. We are now a global leader in cardiovascular medicine and one of the world’s largest medical device companies. As a result, we believe we are better positioned for leadership going forward.
Much of 2006 was devoted to integrating Guidant into Boston Scientific, and we are pleased to report we have made progress over the course of a single year that we had anticipated might take twice the time. We also used the past year to make significant progress toward resolving a number of warning letters from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA). These letters accelerated our efforts to integrate our different quality systems and establish a world-class quality program. Resolving these warning letters as quickly as possible remains our highest priority.
In our key drug-eluting stent (DES) business, a small risk of very late stent thrombosis (a rare clot formation within a stent one year or more after implantation) generated considerable attention, contributing to what we believe will be a temporary decline in the size of the DES market.
The attention included a special FDA advisory panel meeting to consider the thrombosis issue. After hearing presentations from the FDA, manufacturers, physicians, patients and others, members of the
panel concluded that drug-eluting stents remain safe and effective when used as indicated, and that the benefits outweigh the risks. For patients treated beyond the current label indications, the panel concluded that existing data does not allow adequate determination of a risk/benefit profile and that continued study of these patient populations is needed. To better understand the stent thrombosis issue, Boston Scientific has become a lead sponsor of a new 10,000-patient registry called the STENT Thrombosis Study.
While the DES market contracted, our share of this market remained resilient. Throughout 2006, we maintained our leadership and exited the year with 54 percent market share in the U.S.
With the addition of Guidant, we are a broad, diversified company with almost 29,000 employees and nearly $8 billion in revenues. And we are much less reliant on one product. In the past, our stent business accounted for nearly 40 percent of our revenues. Today, stents account for roughly a quarter of our revenues.
Major achievements in a transformational year
CARDIAC RHYTHM MANAGEMENT (CRM) MARKET
More than any other event in 2006, the acquisition of Guidant defined Boston Scientific, providing us with a growth platform that has substantial long-term potential to improve the lives of millions suffering from heart disease. Our CRM business, which includes implantable cardioverter defibrillators (ICDs) and pacemakers, accelerates and deepens our historical evolution from pioneer to leader in interventional medicine. Although a series of recalls negatively impacted the CRM market in 2005 and 2006, we are already seeing evidence that the market is stabilizing and we remain focused on our market share recovery.
letter to shareholders & employees
3

   We took a number of steps to help restore trust and confidence in our CRM products, including: putting in place a new CRM leadership team that is focused on patient safety, quality and reliability; restructuring our CRM organization around new quality practices to exceed – not merely match – the quality of competitive products; and implementing a CRM Patient Assurance Communications System. Within this system, a committee of internal physicians, quality experts and regulatory advisors conducts routine reviews and performs high-level analysis of product performance data to ensure superior physician-focused communications for Boston Scientific. With these and many other changes, we believe we have addressed nearly all the major underlying quality problems that existed at Guidant at the time of the acquisition, and have positioned ourselves for future growth as the CRM market recovers.
We also continue to invest in new CRM technologies, such as the LATITUDE® Patient Management System, which enables physicians to monitor patient condition and device performance remotely while patients remain in the comfort of their homes. The LATITUDE Patient Management System is the industry’s most broadly adopted wireless remote patient manage- ment system, and the first and only remote moni- toring system to provide clinicians with direct device data integration capability into electronic medical records. We received approval from the FDA that allows the LATITUDE Patient Management System technology to be used in virtually all of our existing ICDs and cardiac resynchronization therapy defibrillators (CRT-Ds). This approval increases the number of patients eligible to receive the benefits of home monitoring by more than 150,000 in the U.S.
DES MARKET
Through the Guidant acquisition, we also gained a second drug-eluting stent system, allowing Boston Scientific to offer two fully independent and differentiated drug-eluting stent platforms: our TAXUS® Express2TM paclitaxel-eluting coronary stent system and our new PROMUSTM everolimus-eluting stent system. The PROMUS stent is a XIENCETM V everolimus-eluting coronary stent system manufactured by Abbott and distributed by Boston Scientific. Following CE Mark approval in Europe late in 2006, we began the international launch and announced the first implantation of the PROMUS stent early in 2007. Without question, these complementary stent platforms allow us to offer our clinician customers the most complete DES portfolio available to treat their patients.
The PROMUS stent is just the latest in a series
of new coronary stent technologies from Boston Scientific. Another notable example is our second- generation TAXUS® LibertéTM paclitaxel-eluting coronary stent system, which continues to show excellent safety and efficacy results and is the market leader in drug-eluting stents outside the U.S. excluding Japan. We achieved another milestone with the approval of the LibertéTM bare-metal stent system in Japan, where we also expect approval of the TAXUS Express2 paclitaxel-eluting stent system in the second half of 2007.
QUALITY – OUR HIGHEST PRIORITY
While the Guidant acquisition transformed who we are, our quality initiative transformed how we operate. Our goal to develop a world-class quality system required more than a few small actions or short-term responses. It required a permanent dedication to being a different kind of company, capable of turning quality into a competitive advantage that drives our success and raises the bar for the entire industry.
The TAXUS® LibertéTM paclitaxel-eluting coronary stent system and the PROMUSTM everolimus-eluting coronary stent system are limited by United States Federal Law to investigational use only and are not available for sale in the United States.
letter to shareholders & employees
 4

   Project Horizon, our global, cross-functional quality system re-engineering effort, is transforming our business processes, systems and management approach and is instilling a culture of quality across the Company. We are implementing comprehensive, compliant systems that provide greater visibility and allow us to measure quality consistently across our organization. We’re already seeing positive trends in leading quality indicators such as fewer field actions and more effective complaint handling.
Our efforts are creating a fundamental change in our culture so that every Boston Scientific employee understands that quality is an integral part of his or her job. We have created a Quality Master Plan that will be a key senior management tool for prioritizing and meeting company-wide goals and strategies in a manner consistent with our quality policy.
CLINICAL SCIENCE
We were delighted to welcome Donald S. Baim, M.D., as our new Chief Medical and Scientific Officer. A former Professor of Medicine at the Harvard Medical School and Senior Physician
at the Brigham and Women’s Hospital, Dr. Baim is an internationally recognized leader in interventional cardiology with a specialty in the development and evaluation of new interventional cardiovascular devices.
In addition to his management of Clinical and Medical Sciences, Dr. Baim is playing a major role in the development of our clinical technology strategy, including the assessment of technologies from acquisition and strategic alliance candidates, and their integration with internal technologies to help develop our product portfolio. Dr. Baim also was instrumental in organizing and presenting data on our long-term randomized clinical trials and “real-world” registries studying our TAXUS® stent systems to the special FDA advisory panel in December.
STRONG GROWTH IN CORE BUSINESSES
Throughout the organization, our core businesses are strong and poised to become stronger. They also are truly global: during 2006 we conducted business in more than 130 countries, resulting in nearly
$3 billion in international sales.
In our Cardiovascular Group, following FDA approval of the NexStent® Carotid Stent System (used with our FilterWire EZTM Embolic Protection System for patients with carotid artery disease), we announced the acquisition of EndoTex Interventional Systems, Inc., to deepen our commitment in this area. We also received FDA clearance to launch the SterlingTM Monorail® and Over-the-Wire Balloon Dilatation Catheter, as well as the RioTM Aspiration Catheter, the latest addition to our line of vascular protection devices for minimally invasive procedures.
Our Endosurgery Group exceeded $1.3 billion in revenue this year, an increase of 10 percent over 2005. Among other achievements, we announced favorable results from an investigator-initiated first human use experience and bench simulation study of our SpyGlassTM Direct Visualization System, which helps aid diagnosis in specialized endoscopic procedures to treat conditions of the bile ducts and pancreas, such as removing gallstones and obtaining biopsies in suspected tumors.
Our Neuromodulation Group recorded 58 percent revenue growth, with particularly strong gains in the pain management business. The Precision® Spinal Cord Stimulation (SCS) System was launched in several international markets, supporting its continued success in the U.S. where it gained expanded reimbursement coverage and has now been used to treat more than 5,000 patients with chronic pain. We also received the CE Mark for our new ArtisanTM 2x8 Surgical Lead for use with the Precision SCS System. This surgical or “paddle” lead potentially expands the application of our neurostimulation technology to an additional 20 percent of people with chronic pain of the limbs, back or trunk. In our
letter to shareholders & employees
5

   6
Auditory business, we launched the HarmonyTM HiResolution® Bionic Ear System. This FDA-approved system offers profoundly deaf patients a more natural hearing experience, including an improved ability to appreciate music. The Harmony System furthers our commitment to restoring hearing for those living with hearing loss due to permanent inner ear or auditory nerve damage.
The year brought a number of recognitions and awards. With a portfolio of nearly 6,000 patents in the U.S., we welcomed the results of a report from UBS Investment Research that ranked us number one in “Technology Strength” in a study of the intellectual property portfolios of medical device companies. We also earned certification for the majority of our manufacturing facilities from the International Organization for Standardization.
We also were recognized this year for our environmental stewardship, winning a Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) award for our new research and development building in Maple Grove, Minnesota. We also expect to receive LEED awards for other facilities in Marlborough and Quincy, Massachusetts. In addition, we were recognized in the Financial Times and London Stock Exchange’s FTSE4Good Index, which measures the performance of companies that meet globally- recognized corporate responsibility standards. As part of our Environment, Health and Safety compliance policy, Boston Scientific is committed to pursuing and achieving global benchmarks that recognize environmental excellence, global sustainable development and energy efficiency. We see environmental stewardship not only as the best way to do business, but also as an area of competitive advantage.
Our platform for future growth
As we move forward in 2007, we are focused on five company-wide priorities:
1. Achievingcontinuousqualityimprovement.
Our quality system continues to be integral to how we operate, and we will continue to train every Boston Scientific employee to understand and execute on his or her role within that system. Our Quality Master Plan will be a key senior management tool we will use to prioritize and accomplish company-wide goals.
2. Regaining our CRM market position. We are focused on building CRM market share with a reinvigorated pipeline, particularly in remote patient management and next-generation defibrillator platforms. To get there, we are shifting resources to more productive projects and spending with greater discipline. Planned product launches include the VITALITY NXTTM Defibrillator, which will mark the extension of our wireless technology to our core defibrillator product line. VITALITY NXT offers a thinner, more physiological shape for enhanced patient comfort, as well as programmability that allows for customized pacing to the patient’s right ventricle. Our new family of leads and lead delivery systems should also greatly enhance the implant experience and help clinicians deliver more effective care to patients. On the longer-term horizon are our TELIGENTM (core defibrillator) and COGNISTM (CRT-D) next-generation devices for heart failure and tachycardia (an irregular rapid heart rhythm). We expect the TELIGEN and COGNIS devices to be Boston Scientific’s flagship heart failure and tachycardia solutions for the future.
letter to shareholders & employees

 we can
build excellence and quality into everything we do, every day.
Jim Tobin, President and Chief Executive Officer
7

   8
3. Maintaining DES leadership. As the DES market recovers based on a continuous flow of trial data that we believe will further reinforce the technology’s powerful benefits, we plan to broaden the international launch of our new PROMUSTM everolimus-eluting stent system platform while we continue to deepen what is the richest DES pipeline in our industry. This pipeline is built on the TAXUS® Express2TM stent system, which earlier this year was approved for 18-month shelf life in the U.S., making it the only DES approved for this extended shelf life worldwide.
Our DES pipeline also includes the TAXUS® LibertéTM stent system, the third-generation TAXUS® ElementTM stent system and the TAXUS® PetalTM stent system for bifurcated vessels. For future product development, we also plan to leverage the everolimus compound as well as the suite of polymers that Guidant had developed prior to our acquisition. Add to this the broadest stent size matrix in the industry, our world-class Clinical Sciences Group and 3,000 patents in the cardiology field alone, and we feel we have a very strong and sustainable DES leadership position.
4. Achieving our operating income and cash flow goals. During 2007 we will be focused on strengthening our balance sheet and on reducing the debt associated with the Guidant acquisition. While our expanded footprint has brought significant revenue growth, we must continue to demonstrate financial discipline and a continuous improvement mindset in everything we do. We have dedicated teams within the Company to review each Boston Scientific process and system to ensure that it is delivering optimal benefit relative to its cost.
5. Simplifying the Boston Scientific operating model through lean principles. Operationally, we will focus on aligning our spending to our business priorities, following more efficient processes and growing sensibly into our new scale.
Our shared community
This year marked an expanded commitment by the Company to our philanthropic and community-based activities. Through the commitment of the Boston Scientific and Guidant foundations as well as corporate donations, we substantially increased
our contributions to organizations that help improve lives in the areas of health and education in communities where we work and live.
Within our organization, we made several key senior management appointments. Within our CRM Group, we appointed Steven L. Zelenkofske, D.O., F.A.C.C., as Patient Safety Officer and Vice President of Clinical Sciences and William E. Young as Vice President of Quality Assurance and Reliability. We promoted Hank Kucheman to Senior Vice President and Group President of our Interventional Cardiology Group, and he joined our Executive Committee. In Government Affairs, we appointed Brenda Becker as Senior Vice President of Global Government Affairs. We also appointed Daniel J. Brennan to the position of Vice President, Investor Relations.
To continue to build trust and credibility with investors, we made several enhancements to our corporate governance practices. We adopted a majority voting standard for the election of directors in uncontested elections, and established stock ownership guidelines to encourage our executives to have a significant personal investment in Company shares, with minimums of 240,000 shares for the CEO, 75,000 shares for Executive Vice Presidents and 20,000 shares for Senior
Vice Presidents. In addition, we will advocate
that shareholders vote at our annual meeting of stockholders on May 8, 2007, to elect directors for one-year terms rather than three-year terms.
letter to shareholders & employees

 letter to shareholders & employees
  Finally, as this report went to press, we announced that our Board of Directors had authorized management to explore an initial public offering (IPO) of a minority interest in
our Endosurgery Group. An IPO would involve Boston Scientific selling approximately 20 percent of the Endosurgery Group and establishing a separately traded public company. The new company would remain a majority-owned subsidiary of Boston Scientific.
Following the acquisition of Guidant and
the Company’s increased presence in the cardiovascular market, the Endosurgery Group has been less visible to the investment community. The benefits that may be gained from operating the Endosurgery Group as a separately traded public company include: unlocking the value of the global Endosurgery businesses for shareholders; improving visibility into Endosurgery growth and performance relative to comparable markets; increasing management and employee focus within Endosurgery as a result of the group’s status as a separately traded public company; improving the ability to attract and retain key talent to the Endosurgery Group through equity incentives more directly aligned with the group’s performance; and generating more than $1 billion of tax-efficient funding to accelerate debt repayment.
If an IPO were to take place, the Endosurgery Group would continue to be fully consolidated with Boston Scientific for financial reporting purposes. We hope to complete our exploration of a potential IPO over the next six to 12 months. If a decision is made to move forward, the IPO would likely occur in late 2007 or early 2008.
In closing, we would like to say thank you to our nearly 29,000 Boston Scientific employees for helping to make this a remarkable year, and the most eventful in our history. We enhanced our standing as a global leader in the medical device industry, enabling our customers to treat more patients for more conditions.
We responded to performance challenges in our two largest product lines in a direct, open and transparent manner. And we addressed quality in a way that positions it not merely as a strength, but also as a competitive advantage.
As we regain momentum and accelerate our growth, we are mindful that people are the most important asset to our success. Our senior management team has a strong record in the industry for addressing challenges and solving problems. Our outstanding employees are dedicated and talented, motivated by a mission to help clinicians improve patients’ lives.
Any company that has more than doubled in size in three years inevitably faces challenges. Yet we’re confident in our ability to succeed for several reasons: we’re well positioned, we have the right people in place and we’re as determined and committed as ever to deliver innovative medical technologies that lead the world in quality, reliability and efficacy.
Thank you for your belief in and continued support of our mission.
Sincerely,
 Jim Tobin
PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
March 19, 2007
Pete Nicholas
CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD
9
