To our employees and shareholders:
  Boston Scientific’s mission is to improve the quality of patient care and the productivity of health care delivery through the devel- opment and advocacy of less invasive medical devices and procedures. This is accomplished through the continuing refinement of existing products and procedures and the investigation and development of new tech- nologies which can reduce risk, trauma, cost, procedure time and the need for aftercare.

 La mission de Boston Scientific est l’amélioration de la qualité des soins cliniques et de la productivité de l’administration de ces soins grâce
à la mise au point, la promotion
et la défense de méthodes et de dispositifs médicaux moins invasifs. Ce but est atteint au moyen d’un perfectionnement continuel des produits et méthodes existants ainsi que par la recherche et la mise au point de nouvelles technologies visant à réduire les risques, le traumatisme, les coûts, la durée
des interventions et la nécessité de suivi.
La misión de Boston Scientific Corporation es mejorar la calidad de la atención al paciente y la produc- tividad del servicio de atención médica mediante el desarrollo y la recomendación de dispositivos y procedimientos médicos menos invasivos. Todo eso se logra mediante el constante perfeccionamiento
de productos y procedimientos existentes y la investigación y el desarrollo de nuevas tecnologías
que puedan reducir el riesgo, el trauma, el costo, el tiempo del procedimiento y la necesidad de atención o cuidado posteriores.
Bei Boston Scientific sind wir
stets bemüht, die Qualität der Patientenbehandlung und die Leistungsfähigkeit der Gesundheit- sversorgung durch die Entwicklung und Förderung von weniger inva- siven medizinischen Geräten und Verfahren zu steigern – durch ständige Verbesserung bestehender Produkte und Verfahren sowie Erforschung und Entwicklung neuer Technologien, die
Risiken, Verletzungen, Kosten, Behandlungszeiten sowie
den Nachversorgungsbedarf reduzieren können.
mission values letter
Boston Scientific beschouwt het
als haar missie, de kwaliteit en productiviteit van de zorgverlening aan patiënten te verbeteren door de ontwikkeling en gebruiksbevordering van minder invasieve medische hulp- middelen en procedures. Aan het realiseren van deze doelstelling wordt gewerkt door een voortgaande verfijning van bestaande producten en procedures en door het verrichten van onderzoek naar en de ontwik- keling van nieuwe technologieën
die kunnen bijdragen tot een vermindering van risico’s, trauma, behandelingskosten, behandelings- duur en de noodzaak van nazorg.

   mission values letter
The growth and success of our organization is dependent upon the shared values of our people. We must learn, understand and live by a unified set of values that will guide us in a continually changing medical environment:
 • to provide our people with a strong under- standing of our mission and shared values
• to think like our customers and work hard on their behalf
• to pay relentless attention to business fundamentals
• to bring a commitment to quality and a sense of urgency to everything we do
Innovation Commitment
Quality Excellence
Success
• to provide share- holders with an attractive return through sustained high-quality growth
• to recognize and reward excellence by sharing Boston Scientific’s success with our employees
  • to rely on one another, to treat each other well and to put the development and motivation of our people at the top
of our priority lists
• to encourage innova- tion, experimentation and risk-taking
• to recognize bureau- cracy as an archenemy and not allow it to inhibit our good sense and creative spirit
      
  mission values letter
 The year 2000 was a challenging one for Boston Scientific. We continued to make progress integrating and consolidating the businesses we have acquired over the past several years.
A wide range of organizational and managerial improvements were introduced as well, including the addition of a number of senior leaders who brought with them decades of collective experience. And our financial performance was sound. Yet there were also frustrations, principally with our coronary stent pipeline. It continues to be clear that the financial markets will not reward our overall performance until we resolve the problems with our coronary stent program. We will address this issue — and our relationship with our stent vendor Medinol — later in the letter.
In last year’s annual report, we told you we would remain focused on two critical themes in 2000: Innovation and Operational Excel- lence. Throughout the year, we focused intensely on these priorities, and the results have been encouraging.
  pete nicholas, chairman of the board
 jim tobin, president and chief executive officer
 
  Early in the year, the management structure was realigned to permit maximum emphasis on these objectives. Corporate research and development, and regulatory and clinical affairs, were concentrated under Kshitij Mohan, Ph.D., Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer, and operations and quality were centralized under Jim Taylor, Senior Vice President of Corporate Operations. Both have brought substantial change and improvement to their respective areas.
Innovation
Boston Scientific is committed to driving growth through harnessing technological innovation both
in the near and long term. Our approach includes a mixture of tactical and strategic initiatives designed to provide sustainable growth through focusing on and delivering the products currently in our pipeline as well as strengthening our product development processes and tools. In addition, we are committed to building a strong foundation of key scientific compe- tencies that underpin our products and technologies.
Progress included FDA clearances on 37 products, CE marks on eight, and approval by the Japanese Ministry of Health and Welfare on 39. We also conducted nearly 50 clinical trials, filed 479 patent applications and received 345 patents. Our commitment to tech- nological innovation was evidenced in our plans to significantly increase our research and development spending in 2001. Progress continued during the first two months of 2001, with six FDA approvals, four
CE marks and five approvals in Japan.
Another promising program is our drug-coated stent platform. In October we began clinical trials in Germany on a Paclitaxel-coated stent after exten- sive animal trials. Drug-coated stents show great promise for lowering rates of restenosis. In addition to Paclitaxel as our first choice for a drug-coated stent, we are building a portfolio of drugs and carrier materials to develop the most advantageous drug/carrier/stent combinations for different indi- cations. We have also reinforced our portfolio of projects in the gastroenterology, endovascular
and urology areas.
In order to create an organization that can efficiently convert innovative ideas into highly safe and effective new products, we have strengthened the processes, tools and core competencies in research and development, and regulatory and clinical affairs.
We have created a number of Centers of Technical Excellence and hired strong leaders to direct them.
• Robert Graziadei, M.D., was recruited to head a newly formed Center of Clinical Sciences that includes Mary Russell, M.D., who recently joined us as head of Cardiovascular Clinical Affairs. Worldwide clinical affairs is managed through
the Center.
• Eric Ankerud joined the company as the head of worldwide Regulatory Affairs.
• Michael Helmus, Ph.D., was recruited to direct a newly created Center for Material Sciences.
Other newly established Centers include the Center for Process Technologies and the Center for Imaging and Electronics.
We believe that consolidating and strengthening
our focus and technical excellence in these areas will enhance product development as well as provide for successful integration of products and technologies that we will continue to acquire through various strategic alliances.
Innovation for Boston Scientific has always meant combining internally developed products with those we have obtained externally, through our licensing and acquisition activities. Most successful innovation programs represent a balance between organic and acquired technology.
We have recently created alliances with a number of companies as part of that strategy, including the following completed and pending acquisitions:
• Interventional Technologies, Inc., a manufacturer of microsurgical devices for use in interventional cardiology. Its flagship product is the Cutting Balloon® catheter, a unique balloon angioplasty device that makes precise incisions in arterial
mission values letter

plaque during balloon inflation. This technology could serve as a platform for developing new ther- apies for treating coronary artery disease. The acquisition also adds sophisticated metallurgy technology to Boston Scientific’s portfolio.
• Embolic Protection, Inc., the developer of the FilterwireTM embolic protection device, which captures embolic material dislodged during cardiovascular interventions. This acquisition will allow Boston Scientific to accelerate its entry into the embolic protection market, one of the most promising new growth segments in inter- ventional medicine.
• Quanam Medical Corporation, a manufacturer
of medical devices that specializes in drug-delivery stent systems. Quanam’s technology will help Boston Scientific broaden its drug-delivery port- folio with an additional implant-based technology and a family of proprietary biomaterials.
• Catheter Innovations, Inc., a manufacturer
of vascular access products. The acquisition of this technology presents opportunities for appli- cations across other Boston Scientific product lines and therapies.
We would like to welcome the new members of the Boston Scientific team who are joining us as a result of these acquisitions.
Our acquisition strategy will remain a fundamental part of our innovation program as we continue to investigate opportunities that will keep our new product pipeline full and diversified.
Operational Excellence
Joint progress on Innovation and Operational Excellence was embodied in the global operations plan we announced in July. The plan increases productivity by creating greater operational efficien- cies and generating savings, allowing the company to increase its ability to invest in research and develop- ment. The plan is estimated to achieve net, pre-tax operating savings of $250 million on an annualized basis beginning in 2003 by improving supply chain effectiveness, strengthening manufacturing process control and optimizing our network of plants.
The plan began showing preliminary results only months after its implementation:
• Supply chain initiatives have resulted in improved inventory management, which
has reduced inventory levels and write-offs. In addition, our supplier management efforts have reduced materials and services costs.
• Manufacturing process control improvements are steadily raising production yields and manu- facturing efficiencies, improving quality and reducing costs.
• Scheduled transfers of production, aimed at optimizing our network of plants and better allocating our resources through the creation
of a more effective network of manufacturing and R&D facilities, are on target for completion by the end of 2001.
Looking forward to 2001 and beyond, we are expanding our vision of improvement to include even shorter lead times and higher manufacturing flexibility. Servicing our customers — from time
of order through receipt of product — will be the focus of improvements designed to make production processes more robust and flexible, with reduced cycle times at all stages. Our customers will see the ultimate advantages of a more responsive organiza- tion that fully meets highest quality product supply needs and new product launch effectiveness.
Thanks to our employees, implementation of
the global operations plan is proceeding smoothly, and we are on schedule to achieve our projected improvements, technology transfers and resulting savings. The plan is forward-looking and makes clear that innovation is our future and that we’re creating the opportunity to make the added investments needed to support that innovation. It represents a thoughtful and thorough analysis and projection of the strategic needs of the company.
While implementation is going well, job dislocation was an unavoidable aspect of the plan, and we want to again acknowledge and thank all our affected employees for their dedication and continuing contributions during this transition period.

  Strengthening Our Team
The global operations plan is part of a series of measures undertaken during the year to intensify our focus on Innovation and Operational Excellence.
In addition to the responsibilities consolidated under Kshitij Mohan and Jim Taylor, a number of other appointments and promotions were made to strengthen the team.
• Steve Moreci was appointed to the newly created position of Senior Vice President and Group President for Endosurgery. Under this new group structure, Steve will oversee three divisions: Medi- tech, Microvasive Endoscopy and Microvasive Urology.
• Paul LaViolette, Senior Vice President and
Group President for Cardiovascular, assumed management responsibility for three divisions:
EP Technologies, Scimed and Target. He continues to lead our international business and oversee Corporate Marketing and Corporate Sales.
• Fred Colen was named Senior Vice President for Cardiovascular Technology, responsible for worldwide cardiovascular research and development.
• Mark Stautberg was named Senior Vice President for Sales at Scimed, responsible for the new cardiovascular sales organization, which serves interventional cardiologists, radiologists and vascular surgeons who treat coronary disease and peripheral vascular disease.
• Four division presidents were named: Jim Feenstra, Target; Dave McClellan, Medi-tech; John Pedersen, Microvasive Urology; and Mike Phalen, Microvasive Endoscopy.
• Michael Glynn was named General Manager for Asia Pacific. He leads a strong team that was distinguished by several promotions including Mike Daly, General Manager for Australia; Lim Poh Lin, Group Marketing Manager for Korea; and Sang Yi, Vice President for North Asia Business.
• Art Rosenthal, Ph.D., was appointed Chief Scientific Officer and is working with physicians and the scientific community to help the company
develop and position its existing, emerging and future technologies.
• Dennis Ocwieja was named Vice President of Quality and is responsible for establishing a common quality system throughout the company.
• Paul Donovan was named Vice President of Corporate Communications, responsible for employee communications, corporate identity and media relations.
All these new people and positions speak to the company’s ongoing commitment to its entrepre- neurial spirit and risk-taking culture. Like most successful organizations, we are constantly looking to change, adapt and improve in ways that value unconventional thinking, bold action and original solutions. From the beginning, we have known that agility, flexibility and creativity have been — and will remain — the hallmarks of our success.
We also strengthened our team by investing in our people. We made significant improvements in our employee training and development programs.
We also improved our vacation policy for all U.S. employees, and we continued to enhance the com- pany contribution to the 401(k) retirement program. Finally, through the introduction of the Performance Achievement and Development Review (PADR) system, we strengthened our commitment to a compensation program that recognizes individual accomplishment.
Noteworthy
A number of other events and activities are worth noting.
• Overall, we remained highly profitable, and we continued to pay down debt rapidly. By reducing debt we strengthened our ability to fund new acquisitions and strategic alliances.
• Our facilities in Ireland performed well in both output and productivity, with plans for more pro- duct transfers and employment increases this year.
• Boston Scientific Japan again showed itself to
be a leader both within the company and in the industry at large. In an environment of increasing competition and reimbursement reduction, BSJ
mission values letter

grew faster than its markets and increased market leadership in all critical franchises in the world’s second largest health care market.
• The Boston Scientific team performed superbly during the year. Particularly impressive was the ability of the sales and marketing teams around the world to maintain and strengthen leadership positions in most of our markets in the face of stiff competition.
• We reached an agreement with Guidant Corporation to settle all outstanding litigation, which consisted of a number of lawsuits in the U.S. and Europe in which each had accused the other of patent infringement.
• While a jury ruled in our favor on five of six claims in a patent infringement dispute with Johnson & Johnson, J&J was awarded a $324 million verdict based on one finding of infringe- ment. We disagree with this finding, and we believe the verdict is excessive, but it is not the final word. Several additional legal stages remain to be played out, and we believe in the end the lone finding of infringement will not stand.
• We remained active in the public policy arena, adding our voice to the national and inter- national dialogue on issues affecting our industry, particularly those involving the develop- ment of technology and the delivery of health care. We will continue to contribute to the debate on these issues, advocating sound policies and appropriate reforms on regulation, reimburse- ment, international trade, harmonization
of global regulatory standards, funding for scientific research and other important issues.
• As has been reported elsewhere, our relationship with Medinol remains unresolved at this writing. We have been engaged in negotiations to acquire them, but the process has taken longer than we had anticipated. While we hope to reach an agreement, we are proceeding aggressively with our own stent development program. The rapid pace of innova- tion in the coronary stent market demands that we resolve our relationship with Medinol one way or another, and we are committed to doing so.
Looking ahead
Throughout this past year — as throughout others — we have been guided by our core values. While our execution has not always been flawless, it has always been — and will always be — informed by our best instincts. As we look ahead, we want to rededicate ourselves to living up to those values. They define us as a company and as individuals. They motivate our mission, our work and our actions.
In the coming year we will maintain our focus on Innovation and Operational Excellence. We will carry the momentum of the improvements and achieve- ments of the past year into 2001. The changes we have put in place have begun to show results and
will show even more in the future.
Above all, we will continue to provide our customers the most innovative and effective products and tech- nologies that help them deliver the highest quality care to their patients. For all of you who have joined us in this endeavor, we thank you for your support and welcome your partnership as we continue
our journey. Respectfully,
Jim Tobin
President and Chief Executive Officer
Pete Nicholas
Chairman of the Board
    