  Glenn Kellow President and
Chief Executive Officer
Dear Shareholder,
For Peabody, 2017 was a year of both considerable change and significant accomplishment. I believe those achievements have established an outstanding foundation
for delivering results and generating value again in 2018.
We start from a position of strength. Peabody is the leading global pure-play coal company, serving power and steel customers in more than 25 countries on six continents.
02 2017 Annual Report

Our company offers significant scale, high- quality assets and people, and diversity in geography and products.
2017 Achievements
• The new Peabody had its beginnings in
April 2017 when we relisted on the New
York Stock Exchange under our iconic BTU ticker symbol, after a highly successful arrangement of $1.5 billion in equity financing and $1.95 billion in debt financing.
• From a modified plan value of $22.03 per share, the share price of BTU rose nearly
80 percent through year end. In addition, the company’s market capitalization on a fully converted basis increased from just over
$3 billion to $5.1 billion at the end of 2017.
• Our 2017 revenues rose 18 percent over
the prior year, led by robust seaborne coal pricing and higher U.S. demand. Adjusted EBITDA reached the highest level since 2012.
• Peabody increased liquidity to $1.24 billion
at year end, released approximately
$220 million of restricted cash, and closed on – and then upsized – a $350 million revolving credit facility, which enables the company to free up additional restricted cash for other purposes over time.
• We refinanced our term loan, lowered
our interest rate by 100 basis points and modified terms to provide added flexibility.
• As part of our commitment to deleveraging, we repaid $500 million of debt, reaching our 2018 targets a year early. These voluntary
 2017 PEABODY HIGHLIGHTS
30%
Average Adjusted EBITDA margins across mining segments
$1.24B Liquidity at year end
$500M
Debt reduction since emergence in 2017
Adjusted EBITDA margin is a non-GAAP metric and is equal to segment Adjusted EBITDA divided by segment revenue. Refer to the accompanying Form 10-K for a reconciliation to the nearest GAAP measure.
         2017 Annual Report 03

   payments, coupled with our meaningful cash position, reduced net debt by nearly 50 percent since emergence.
• The company authorized a $500 million share repurchase program and completed approximately $175 million in share buybacks during the last five months of 2017.
• At the operational level, our global safety performance continues to surpass industry averages. Our Australian platform had a record year, improving 17 percent from
2016. As always, we are ever vigilant on our journey of continuous improvement in safety.
• We continued to see operational improvements across the platform. Most telling, our flagship metallurgical coal mine North Goonyella achieved record annual production, allowing Peabody to take advantage of strong seaborne coal pricing.
• Continued strong performance from our operations has led the team to significantly advance projects and mine planning, particularly at North Goonyella and Moorvale for our seaborne metallurgical platform, and Wilpinjong and Wambo for our seaborne thermal platform.
• Moving to our sustainability initiatives, our teams exceeded our goals for reclamation in both the U.S. and Australia, restoring a total of 1.4 acres for each acre disturbed.
• How we do business is as important as
what we accomplish, and Peabody was recognized as the best global responsible mining company for environmental, social and governance standards and performance for the second consecutive year by Capital
Finance International. We were also awarded Coal Mining Company of the Year by Corporate Livewire.
While the year held numerous achievements, we remain humble in the knowledge that the company entered 2017 as part of a larger natural resources sector that destroyed substantial value during the last downturn.
We continue to take actions to turn those negatives into longer-term positives, converting lessons learned into practices that drive continued value creation throughout all commodity cycles.
Industry Dynamics
Global industry fundamentals remained strong throughout the majority of 2017 due to stable Asia-Pacific demand and overall supply tightness.
First, seaborne thermal coal demand rose approximately 25 million tonnes in 2017 against a base of 925 million tonnes, and this growth, as has become customary, was led by ASEAN nations.
Overall, seaborne thermal coal demand outpaced supply in 2017, leading to elevated pricing for the benchmark Newcastle product.
Within seaborne metallurgical coal, 2017 global steel production rose 5 percent with increases in nearly all major steel producing regions. Tight metallurgical coal supply and demand fundamentals remained in place, prompting continued robust seaborne metallurgical
coal prices.
In early 2018, we are watching several drivers that we expect to impact seaborne coal
04 2017 Annual Report

       “Through our
combined actions,
I believe we are
further propelling a
virtuous cycle, whereby
strength enables more
strength... Our default position
is to return cash to shareholders.”
2017 Annual Report 05

     demand. Continued growth in India and other ASEAN countries will
likely drive demand this year. In addition, changes in Chinese policy can result in
meaningful changes to Chinese imports. As we saw in 2017, even small increases in demand or disruptions in supply can result in significant impacts to pricing. Both seaborne metallurgical and thermal coal supplies remain tight on continued logistical and operational constraints across the industry.
In the U.S., mild weather curbed natural gas prices and led to a 15-million-ton decline in coal generation in 2017. The Southern Powder River Basin (PRB) once again proved to be a bright spot, increasing 16 million tons over the prior year. Southern PRB utility stockpiles also declined 16 percent from levels at the end of 2016.
Looking ahead to full-year 2018, changes
in electric power consumption of coal are expected to be largely driven by coal plant retirements as well as regional natural gas prices. On average, every 20-cent move in natural gas pricing equates to about 25 million tons of increased or decreased utility coal demand over the course of the year across the United States.
Financial Approach
In 2017, Peabody articulated and began implementing what I believe was a powerful four-pronged financial approach – generate cash, reduce debt, invest wisely and return cash to shareholders.
Peabody’s operational and financial approach resulted in substantial cash generation that is continuing into early 2018. We ended the year with $1.01 billion of cash and total liquidity of $1.24 billion. Late in the year, we secured a $350 million revolver and worked with insurers to initiate an initial tranche of approximately $115 million of surety bonds. I’m pleased to note that by the end of February 2018, we nearly doubled our level of Australian surety bonds to $226 million.
Given our strong cash position, we accelerated our planned 2018 debt repayment targets
and completed a total of $500 million of
debt reduction in 2017. Deleveraging benefits Peabody on multiple fronts, including providing access to alternative sources of liquidity and lowering fixed charges. Over time, we continue to target total gross debt of $1.2 to $1.4 billion.
Next, we are able to maintain modest sustaining capital levels due to significant investments
in our reserves and equipment in the past,
06 2017 Annual Report

  combined with our sourcing methods and maintenance practices. In 2018, we are beginning to selectively accelerate some projects to extend the lives of our highest- quality metallurgical and thermal mines as well as our premier low-cost thermal mine
in Australia. We believe these projects will provide meaningful returns with a reasonable payback period.
In 2017, we were pleased to begin implementing our shareholder return program. In addition
to the significant uplift in share price from emergence value, we executed 35 percent of our total $500 million share repurchase program since August. In addition, our capital structure has been simplified as all preferred shares converted to common stock in January 2018.
Our focus now shifts more fully toward greater returns of cash to shareholders. We intend to complete our authorized $500 million share repurchase program by the end of 2018. The board also initiated a quarterly dividend in the first quarter of 2018 marking an important next step in Peabody’s commitment to shareholder returns and further demonstrating the company’s strong financial position and robust cash generation potential.
 2017 PEABODY HIGHLIGHTS
43%
Increase in enterprise value since emergence
$2.0B
Approximate rise in market capitalization
70%
Discretionary cash allocated to shareholder returns, debt repayments
Market capitalization increase reflects change from an emergence balance sheet equity value through Dec. 29, 2017.
Post-emergence cash allocation reflects cash flows authorized for shareholder returns for 2017–2018 share repurchases and dividends, 2017 debt repayments, 2017–2018 capital expenditures.
       2017 Annual Report 07
 
   2018 Priorities
Through our combined actions, I believe
we are further propelling a virtuous cycle, whereby strength enables more strength. This year, we will continue to advance our stated financial approach – generate cash, maintain financial strength, invest wisely and return cash to shareholders.
The company has several key priorities for 2018:
• As always, we begin with a focus on safe, productive operations and return maximization from Peabody’s operational platforms.
• Within the U.S., we will be focused on further reducing our unit costs and improving coal’s competitiveness against natural gas. We will also continue to
take actions to preserve coal plants from premature retirement.
• In Australia, we will be placing great importance on improving both production and logistical efficiencies to best capitalize on healthy seaborne coal conditions.
• We will be evaluating opportunities to further upgrade our seaborne metallurgical coal platform. Within our Australian thermal coal segment, we will continue to work on life extensions and will strategically layer in longer-term commitments.
• Finally, we have plans to release nearly all remaining restricted cash in 2018.
Approach to Good Governance
As Peabody emerged in 2017, we did so with a sharp focus toward good governance. The list is extensive and in part includes annual election of all directors, majority voting in director elections, a non-executive chairman, annual board and committee evaluations, independent board committees, active shareholder outreach, annual “Say-on-Pay” voting, proxy access rights, robust executive stock ownership guidelines, and a number of other best practices in governance.
Our nine-member board of directors offers experience across multiple global tier-one mining, energy, utilities, equipment and capital markets companies, and eight of the nine directors are independent.
Peabody is also led by an executive team
that combines more than 150 years of industry experience, with senior posts on multiple continents that provide new perspectives. Compensation is aligned with key success factors including safety, free cash flow
per share, return on invested capital, total shareholder returns and environmental performance.
In addition, we have more than 7,000 experienced, aligned and engaged employees with an average tenure of nearly 10 years. I applaud our outstanding team for a job well done in 2017, and I’m pleased we were able to offer each employee restricted stock units at emergence, with the vision that all employees would be shareholders.
At its most basic, our employees are good people providing valuable work for a leading company in an essential industry.
 08 2017 Annual Report
 
    Foundation for the Future
I firmly believe that improved market conditions and Peabody’s execution have fundamentally altered the trajectory of the company in the most positive of ways. Whilst we had a highly successful year, we are not stopping there.
We enter 2018 with a strong balance sheet, lower interest expense, minimal cash taxes, the ability to liberate restricted cash, a newly initiated dividend, a simplified capital structure and strong cash flows that we intend to use to further unlock value. Our default position is to return cash to shareholders.
I thank all shareholders for your continued support. We look forward to another year with a reaffirmed commitment to deliver results and generate value in 2018 and beyond.
Glenn Kellow
President and Chief Executive Officer
Peabody’s Executive Leadership Team (from left): Paul Richard, A.Verona Dorch, Kemal Williamson, Amy Schwetz, Glenn Kellow, George J. Schuller Jr., and
Charles Meintjes.
    2017 Annual Report 09
