 02 | 2013 Annual Report
Advanced
Energy
  for Life
  Dear Shareholder,
In 2013, advanced energy from coal
powered progress around the world, and Peabody Energy delivered a large number
of notable accomplishments as our company worked through challenging market conditions. Peabody tied its record 2012 global safety results, increased productivity, reduced costs, lowered capital investments, generated solid cash flow and repaid debt.
Among our leading 2013 accomplishments, Peabody:
• Equaled a safety record first set in 2012 with a global incidence rate of 1.87;
• Increased U.S. productivity 9 percent and Australian productivity 27 percent;
• Achieved the lowest U.S. per-ton operating costs in two years, despite weaker volumes, while per-ton operating costs in Australia declined
4 percent to levels not seen since 2010;
• Converted four Australian mines to owner- operator status;
• Implemented significant upgrades at acquired PCI mines, improving productivity and reducing costs by 20 percent;
• Extended the company's physical trading and brokerage presence in Asia through a strategic joint venture with China’s Shenhua Group;
• Delivered Adjusted EBITDA of $1.05 billion, absorbing approximately $800 million in negative pricing impacts that were partially offset by some $340 million in savings from cost containment initiatives;
• Reduced capital spending 67 percent and generated more than $700 million in operating cash flows;
• Monetized non-strategic assets and paid down more than $200 million in debt. Peabody has repaid more than $600 million in debt over the past two years;
• Refinanced our credit facility, finishing the year with total liquidity of $2.1 billion, including $444 million in cash; and
• Earned more than 25 awards for safety, financial performance, environmental excellence and social responsibility.
Peabody marked these milestones amid significant external challenges. In 2013, global coal demand rose, and seaborne coal use reached a record 1.25 billion tonnes. Still, increases in global supply outpaced demand growth, weighing on coal prices and U.S.-based coal equities. Producers responded to overcapacity with a sizable pullback in investment across the sector, deferring developments and closing mines at the high end
of the cost curve.
In the United States, coal demand increased but was satisfied by higher-than-normal inventories at power plants. Increasing U.S. coal demand due to rising
Gregory H. Boyce
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
 
 Your company is distinguished by its size and scale, the quality of its workforce, its leadership in regions that are cost-advantaged and target the highest- growth markets, and a long-term project pipeline that can be advanced when markets warrant.
natural gas prices, along with tightening supply, contributed to the fastest inventory drawdown
in 13 years and significant market share recovery.
At year-end, coal was responsible for approximately 40 percent of total U.S. electricity generation.
Looking ahead, global markets show signs of rebalancing in 2014. Global coal demand growth is expected to exceed supply increases as marginal producers withdraw from the market.
Longer-term, tens of millions of people in the developing world continue to move to cities and pursue a better quality of life that requires greater amounts of energy and steel. In fact, third-party sources project that coal will overtake oil as the world's largest energy source in coming years.
To meet this enormous need, new coal-fueled powerplantsandsteelmillsarerisingalongthe coasts of India and China — two of the world's most dynamic economies. These operations are ideally placed to import coal to serve rapidly expanding population centers.
In the next three years, coal demand is projected to expand by some 700 million tonnes, with China and India driving nearly 80 percent
of this growth. Forecasts for steel production during that time would require 10 to 15 percent more seaborne metallurgical coal, while Asia leads the largest global build-out in coal-fueled electricity generation in memory. Peabody
is positioned to serve this growth through multiple channels, including Australian exports, trading and brokerage activities and Asian development projects.
Turning to the United States, thermal coal demand is forecast to grow over the next three years by 100 million tons from the Southern Powder River and Illinois basins. Peabody has a leading presence in both regions. And while a number of U.S. plants have been targeted for retirement, these generating units tend to be older, less efficient and concentrated in the East. Demand from remaining coal-fueled plants running at higher capacities is expected to more than offset closures.
Peabody Ties Its Global Safety Mark
Incidence Rate Per 200,000 Hours Worked
  2011
  2012
  2013
1.50
1.28
1.00
2.77 2.79 2.50
2013 Annual Report | 03
   2.00 1.87 1.87
  Americas
Australia
Global
Strong training and communications programs helped Peabody achieve a global incidence rate more than 45 percent better than the U.S. average.
For the year ended Dec. 31, 2011, results exclude PEA-PCI, previously Macarthur Coal Limited.

04 | 2013 Annual Report
Against this backdrop, Peabody continues to take the necessary steps to unlock value. Peabody led our New York Stock Exchange (NYSE)-listed peer group in coal revenues, debt reduction and cash generation in 2013. Yet coal equities continued to reflect weakness in U.S. and seaborne coal pricing.
In the highly cyclical coal business, markets and share values can move rapidly. This has led to significant outperformance to broader indices during up cycles and exaggerated under- performance during times of market weakness. Over the past decade, shares of BTU have been among the top 25 Standard & Poor’s (S&P) Index performers in three distinct years and also among the trailing 25 S&P performers during each of three years. In the last 10 years, Peabody's share price has outperformed the S&P Index by 51 percent.
Last year in my letter to you, I shared my confidence in the strength of Peabody’s platform and our ability to take necessary steps to navigate challenging markets and position ourselves for
greater success as conditions improve. Your company continues to distinguish itself through its size and scale... the quality of its workforce... its leadership in regions that are cost-advantaged and target the highest-growth markets... and a long-term project pipeline that can be advanced when markets warrant.
To capitalize on opportunities in 2014, the company has six core focus areas. Peabody will:
• Build upon strong productivity and operational gains. This includes capturing the full benefits of a new longwall top coal caving system at our high-quality North Goonyella metallurgical coal mine;
• Target additional cost improvements as we fully realize the value of recent owner-operator conversions and transition the Moorvale Mine in Queensland to owner-operator status;
• Maintain our disciplined approach to capital spending. Major investments made in recent years allow for low planned 2014 capital spending of $275 million to $325 million;
• Maximize cash flow and continue to explore the sale of non-strategic assets as part of Peabody's long-standing emphasis on portfolio management;
• Position the company for growth using
our leading coal reserves, Asian business development opportunities, and global coal trading network; and
• Advance a major new global advocacy initiative to pursue improved energy policies around
the world.
Peabody is launching the new “Advanced Energy for Life” campaign to build awareness and support to eliminate global energy poverty, increase access to low-cost electricity and improve emissions through existing advanced clean coal technologies.
Today, the need for energy access from modern coal has never been greater; half the world’s population lacks access to adequate electricity. Among developed nations, the United States
is turning back to coal; Europe is struggling
with unworkable carbon trading schemes and unaffordable renewable goals; Japan has elevated the importance of economic growth over carbon targets and turned to greater coal use; and a new Australian government was elected with a mandate to repeal an onerous carbon tax.
The World Turns to Coal
Coal Fuels More Electricity than Any Other Source
40%
Share of Expected Electricity Growth
 (2011 – 2035)
11% 8%
24%
 Nuclear
Hydro
17%
Other
N. Gas Coal
Coal use for electricity is forecast to grow 40 percent by 2035, accounting for the largest percentage of global electricity generation growth in the world. Coal has been the world's fastest-growing major fuel for the past decade.
Source: BP Statistical Review of World Energy 2013; International Energy Agency (IEA), World Energy Outlook, Current Policies Scenario.

Peabody’s senior executive leadership team includes (from left) Alex Schoch, Fred Palmer, Bryan Galli, Jeane Hull, Mike Crews, Greg Boyce, Glenn Kellow, Kemal Williamson, Sharon Fiehler, Charles Meintjes, Chris Hagedorn, and Andy Slentz.
As stewards of a greater than 8-billion-ton coal reserve position, we recognize our responsibility to provide a product that is as essential to life as food, water and shelter. People with access to affordable energy consistently enjoy better health and greater prosperity — and coal is the foundation of this progress, the only sustainable fuel with the large scale and low cost to meet the need.
The people of Peabody live the values we advocate. Our company is a leader in sustainable mining and clean coal solutions worldwide. Our good governance begins with our board of directors, and our values extend across
the enterprise.
I offer my gratitude to the board for its continued sound guidance, and I am pleased to introduce our two newest board members: Michael Sutherlin, former President and Chief Executive Officer of Joy Global Inc., and Dr. Heather Wilson, President of the South Dakota School of Mines and Technology and a former member of the U.S. House of Representatives. Both are exceptional leaders who bring broad perspectives on energy, mining and global affairs.
In 2013, we also welcomed President and Chief Operating Officer Glenn Kellow to Peabody’s executive leadership team. Glenn is a great addition to a group of more than 8,000 of the finest employees in the industry. I thank the global Peabody team for another year of achievement and you, our shareholders, for your support.
Anyone can steer through calm seas. We take
pride in Peabody’s progress in choppy markets. We also recognize the need to maximize results every day. We are working harder, working smarter and working together to deliver better value to shareholders and brighter prospects for hundreds of millions of people who depend upon our coal for life.
Because Peabody is coal, and coal is advanced energy... for life.
Gregory H. Boyce
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 25, 2014
2013 Annual Report | 05
  