In last year’s report, we described an extremely difficult business climate, both for the housing industry and for the larger economy. As turbulent as conditions seemed at the time, few of us could envision what was still to come: further dramatic declines in the stock market, consumer confidence, employment and global economic activity.
Even today, as we begin to see signs of stabilization and improvement, Beazer and the entire homebuilding industry will inevitably be working through the aftermath of stubbornly high unemployment and apprehensive consumers for some period to come.
Our fiscal 2009 financial results reflect this difficult environment. For the year, total revenue declined 44.6% from fiscal 2008. The loss from continuing operations was $178 million compared to a loss of $801 million in the prior year. Homebuilding revenues declined 41.0%, attributable to a 35.3% decline in home closings and an 8.6% decline in average selling price. New home orders for the year totaled 4,205, a decline of 22.2% from fiscal 2008.
The most precipitous economic downturn in a generation clearly took a toll on our financial performance for the fiscal year.Yet, there were positive developments that give us cause for cautious optimism heading into fiscal 2010. In particular, state and federal home- buying tax credits had a positive impact on the market, motivating thousands of first-time buyers and, in part, helping drive an improvement in sales trends as the year progressed.
And, consumers today are benefitting from exceptional values and affordability, made even more attractive by historically low mortgage interest rates. These factors, and others, helped entice more prospective buyers into the marketplace. Through the first three fiscal quarters of the year, our orders were down 27.7% compared to the prior year, down 49.4% in Q1, 35.6% in Q2 and 5.0% in Q3. In the fourth quarter, we achieved our first positive quarterly year-over-year order comparison, with orders up 2.4% compared to the comparable prior year period. We are cautiously optimistic that this positive trend will continue to gain momentum in fiscal 2010. This
BEAZER HOMES 2009 ANNUAL REPORT 1
 To Our Shareholders
The purchase of a new home marks a promising new beginning for every homebuyer. In much the same way, the past year marked a new beginning for Beazer Homes as we took essential steps towards returning to profitability and enhancing shareholder value. In fiscal 2009 Beazer implemented a carefully focused strategy to achieve these objectives, and realized measurable success in executing against that plan. While there is much more work yet to come, we are confident that we have the right strategy in place to overcome the challenges of today’s market and to build a stronger future.

Financial Summary
Beazer Homes USA, Inc.
(in thousands, except homes closed and per share amounts) Year Ended September 30,
Continuing Operations Data
Home closings
Total revenues
Net (loss) income from continuing operations
(Loss) earnings per diluted share from continuing operations Net cash provided by operating activities
optimism, combined with demographic trends that continue to support a favorable long-term housing outlook, is a reminder that Beazer must be well posi- tioned to benefit from the housing recovery. To this end, we are focused on five operational and strategic priorities to help us realize our goal of generating profitable growth and increased shareholder value over an entire housing cycle.
Our first priority is to generate and maintain a sound liquidity position. Over the past year we have substantially reduced the number of building lots we control to better align our land inventory with reduced market demand. Total lots have been reduced by 22.7%, and nearly 40% of our remaining owned lots are either finished or have homes under construction.
We also cut land expenditures by over 40%, to slightly under $200 million in fiscal 2009. In addition, our unsold home inventory has been significantly reduced by 30% since September 2008. These actions contributed to our ability to end the year with over $550 million in cash.
Improved liquidity goes hand-in-hand with a second priority to strengthen our capital structure. In fiscal 2009 we repurchased $385 million of our debt at a discount. These repurchases resulted in a gain
2009
4,330 $ 1,005,212
2008
6,697 $ 1,813,513
2007
10,160 $ 3,036,988
  2 BEAZER HOMES 2009 ANNUAL REPORT
$ $ $
(178,015) (4.60)
93,825
$ $ $
(800,770) (20.77)
315,567
$ $ $
(371,722) (9.68)
509,371
 from the extinguishment of debt of $130 million, and a corresponding increase to our tangible net worth. At year’s end, total debt stood at $1.5 billion, a decrease of about $238 million since the beginning of the fiscal year. Since the end of the year we have con- tinued to address our balance sheet, with a concurrent $160 million common stock and mandatory convertible subordinated debt offering used to redeem $127 million in debt and provide additional liquidity.
A cost structure aligned with market reality is critical as we pursue our third priority to position for a return to profitability. A more challenging marketplace demands greater efficiencies throughout all the Company’s operations. In fiscal 2009, we remained keenly focused on reducing overhead and driving unnecessary costs out of every home constructed. During the downturn, Beazer has reduced its headcount by nearly 80% from peak levels in 2006. We also have achieved efficiencies by centralizing and strengthening marketing, design, purchasing, information technology and accounting functions; by consolidating operational divisions; and, by eliminating an entire level of regional management. Those steps, and others, helped to reduce year-over-year SG&A expense by 26.3%.

Cash and Cash Equivalents* (In Millions of Dollars)
$585
Total Assets
(In Millions of Dollars) $2,642
$2,029
09 08
Total Debt
(In Millions of Dollars) $1,747
$1,509
09 08
Shareholder Equity
(In Millions of Dollars) $375
$197
09 08
$557
        09 08
*includes restricted cash
To maintain a strong financial position during the prolonged housing downturn, Beazer has steadfastly maintained three primary objectives: generate and protect liquidity, reduce total debt and increase net worth. The pursuit of these goals has resulted in a smaller asset base, but one with greater financial stability. From this base, Beazer is better positioned to achieve its goal of generating profitable growth and increased shareholder value over an entire housing cycle.
The Company is also focused on driving unnecessary costs out of home design and construction without sacrificing quality or value to the consumer. Contract review and negotiation with our supply chain and trade partners allowed us to reduce direct home construction costs. We have achieved additional savings by simplify- ing specification levels and reducing the number and variety of house plans that we offer.
Beyond operations, an efficient enterprise also is one that effectively allocates its capital and resources – our fourth strategic priority. During this prolonged downturn, we have conducted a com- prehensive review of all Beazer markets to improve the allocation of capital and other Company resources. This process permitted us to narrow our geographic focus to markets that present the best opportunities for success.
Within our markets, we target carefully selected market “nodes” – that is, combinations of specific sub-markets and particular buyer profiles where we have proven our ability to sell homes profitably while providing high levels of customer satisfaction. Our goal is to be a top-three builder in each of our nodes, and a top-ten builder in every market where we compete.
Finally, sustained profitable growth ultimately requires restoring top-line growth, which demands that we pursue a fifth strategic priority to differentiate Beazer products to homebuyers. Today’s value-oriented homebuyer can choose from a wide array of resale homes at attractive prices, including a record number of foreclosures. What these competing homes cannot offer, however, are the significant advances in efficiency, functionality and cost-effective operation that are now components of every new Beazer home.
Next to the mortgage, the energy bill is typically the second biggest recurring expense of homeownership. Research shows that home purchasers are increasingly seeking efficient designs and features that can significantly lower monthly operating costs. Beazer’s creation of the eSMART series of high-performance homes is designed to address this market opportunity by clearly differentiating our homes from other new and resale homes. Our eSMART homes not only are more efficient and eco-friendly – they also are more livable, better organized and better designed for the way families live today.
Beazer’s creation of eSMART homes is in large part due to our partnership with multiple award-winning
BEAZER HOMES 2009 ANNUAL REPORT 3

 green homebuilder, Imagine Homes. This partnership provides valuable insights into innovative eco-friendly design, building techniques and customer preferences. Imagine Homes has served as an “R & D laboratory” to help us refine our designs, features and construction technology so that we can become the preferred choice for homebuyers seeking a more sustainable, efficient and livable home.
Resolving Legal and Regulatory Issues
An important aspect of our new beginning in fiscal 2009 was resolving a number of regulatory and litigation matters. In May, we reached a settlement in a securities class-action lawsuit, which was followed shortly by the resolution of a related derivative shareholder lawsuit. In July, we announced agreements to resolve a number of previously disclosed investigations with several governmental authorities, in particular the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Western District of North Carolina, the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development and the U.S. Department of Justice. We have devoted significant attention to resolving these matters and have taken extensive measures to strengthen our control and compliance culture in important ways.
A leadership team with expertise, commitment, and adherence to the highest ethical standards is a critical part of the culture at Beazer. We are proud of the senior leadership that has stayed the course, and the valuable new talent that joined our team, even as we battled adversity and refocused our strategic direction. All of us are intensely determined to continue to build a Beazer that is financially strong and operationally
OUR STRATEGIC PRIORITIES
• Generate and Maintain Sound Liquidity Position
• Strengthen Capital Structure
• Return to Profitability
• Effectively Allocate Capital and Resources
• Differentiate Beazer Products to Homebuyers
nimble, to help us deliver maximum value to our shareholders and to our customers. We are grateful for the support shown by our shareholders, partners and Beazer Ambassadors during this difficult year. In the year ahead, we will be working hard to merit your continued confidence and support as we position the Company to fully participate in the eventual – and likely meaningful – cyclical housing recovery. Thank you.
Sincerely,
Brian C. Beazer
Non-Executive Chairman of the Board
Ian J. McCarthy
President and Chief Executive Officer
February 23, 2010
  4 BEAZER HOMES 2009 ANNUAL REPORT
