Dear Shareholders,
2005 was one of Citigroup's most important years. It was a year in which we concentrated on how we do business and how we conduct ourselves as employees of a great global institution. As a result, I firmly believe that we are entering a renewed period of growth that will further fulfill the promise on which our company was founded.
We were once again the most profitable financial services company in the world in 2005 and we returned the most capital to our shareholders of any financial services company, while continuing to invest in our businesses. Income from continuing operations was $19.8 billion; our equity base increased to $118.8 billion; and our balance sheet topped $1.49 trillion. In 2006, we announced an 11 percent increase to our quarterly dividend, our 21st consecutive year of common dividend increases. I am proud of our achievements in 2005. In the aftermath of our problems in Japan and Europe in 2004, we took a long, hard look at ourselves and developed our Five Point Plan that focused on employee training, talent development, performance reviews, improved communications, and stronger controls. We committed ourselves to our three Shared Responsibilities--to our clients, each other, and our franchise. We met with our regulators throughout the year and updated them on our actions to strengthen Citigroup's culture. By yearend, we were confident our results were favorably received and we will continue to work together on areas of mutual interest and concern. And we promoted a new generation of leaders, encouraging the innovative thinking and fresh ideas that have been hallmarks of our company. 2005 REVIEW In 2005 we took a number of steps to prepare for the future and lay a foundation for growth: We allocated capital to highest-return and growth opportunities and shifted our business mix toward distribution. This was reflected, for example, in the sale of our Life Insurance and Annuities business as well as the sale of our Asset Management business for Legg Mason's Wealth Management business.

We focused on deepening client relationships. For example, we reorganized our U.S. consumer businesses to serve the full spectrum of our clients' needs across all product lines--rather than just a single product at a time--and to respond more quickly and effectively to the opportunities presented in different markets globally. We expanded our distribution around the world by adding 313 retail bank branches, 346 consumer finance branches, and 125 Smith Barney branches. We also added 170 automated loan machines in Japan. We established the National Corporate Bank and the National Investment Bank to serve a broader range of clients in the United States. We responded to our clients' needs for more electronic trading capabilities by leveraging the technology from our Knight Trading and Lava acquisitions. We continued to focus on building product breadth and advisory-led capabilities in our Global Wealth Management business. We resolved several legal and regulatory matters favorably. We launched the Citigroup Microfinance Group--which works with leading microfinance institutions, microfinance networks, and investors as commercial partners and clients--to expand access to financial products and services to individuals who are currently not reached or who are underserved by formal financial institutions. Having said this, we recognize that 2005 also brought its share of disappointments and challenges: Financially, we didn't perform as well as we had expected, and fell short of our goal for positive operating leverage. Our U.S. Cards and Fixed Income franchises faced challenging business environments. The implementation of the Bankruptcy Reform Act, competitive pricing conditions, rising interest rates, and the conforming of our accounting policy for reward points combined to cause a decline in U.S. Cards net income. Our full-year Fixed Income Markets revenue growth was affected negatively by difficult capital market conditions in the second quarter.

Net Interest Revenue declined, albeit at a decreasing pace over the course of the year, as interest rates increased and global yield curves flattened. These disappointments and challenges served only to strengthen our resolve to achieve good performance in 2006 and well beyond. We firmly believe that the building blocks for continued growth are now in place. WHAT MAKES CITIGROUP UNIQUE We have five key competitive advantages that allow us to recognize and pursue market opportunities more readily than any other financial services company. First, we have the most global presence: the best international footprint of any U.S. financial services company and the best U.S. presence of any international financial services company. We are in 100 countries, many for more than 100 years. Our deep local roots give us greater insight into what clients want and where the opportunities for growth reside. Second, we have unmatched distribution: we serve more people every day than any other financial services company. We do this through our thousands of bank, consumer finance, and Smith Barney branches, along with our ATMs, automated loan machines, trading desks, online services, and more. Our global presence and reach are made more powerful by our third competitive advantage: the most valuable brand in the industry. The strength, stability, and integrity of our brand not only attract and retain the most talented employees globally, but also help us build an enviable roster of global clients. Fourth, we have unmatched scale and efficiency, which are reflected in our strong margins and highest capital generation, and have enabled us to grow over the years while weathering different economic environments. Fifth, we have the broadest product offering in the industry--from student loans to retirement planning, and from venture capital to initial public offerings.

3 | Citigroup 2005

With these unique competitive advantages, we have every reason to look to Citigroup's future with optimism. Indeed, with continued GDP growth around the world, market reforms in developing countries, and the rise in global trade, we are witnessing the emergence of a new middle class. We estimate that approximately 750 million potential new consumer customers, largely outside the United States, will emerge over the next five years--an unprecedented opportunity for the financial services industry, and especially for Citigroup. While we have a full menu of products and services to offer, the real power of Citigroup comes when we integrate them and work as one company on behalf of our clients. I have every confidence that we are doing what's necessary to achieve that goal. OUR STRATEGIC PRIORITIES For 2006 and beyond, we have five strategic priorities: Expanding Distribution--To penetrate new markets and deepen our presence in existing markets around the world, we are accelerating the pace of retail and consumer finance branch openings; expanding our capital markets businesses, including our brokerage businesses and our electronic trading capabilities; and increasing the number of private bankers in the United States. Transferring Expertise--To manage Citigroup as one company, we are integrating our products and services better. This enables us to improve how we serve our clients by providing insightful and comprehensive solutions. At the same time, transferring expertise can create enormous value for the company: witness the partnership between our Banamex and U.S. Cards businesses. By combining our client targeting and pricing experience from the United States with Banamex's product and marketing expertise, Banamex's credit card business generated increases of 50 percent in both revenues and net income in 2005. Investing in People and Technology--One of our goals is to have more common systems and standards across Citigroup so clients can transact with us more easily, no matter what business is serving them or where they're conducting business. We also want to attract and develop the best talent, so we

continue to emphasize the long-term training and development of our employees, in keeping with our Five Point Plan. We continue to be the second most favored company among MBAs (Fortune U.S. survey), offering unparalleled opportunities for rewarding careers. Allocating Capital to Maximize Returns--We will continue to evaluate our use of capital rigorously in order to move it to higher-return and growth opportunities. For example, late in 2005 we sold a substantial portion of our stake in Nikko Cordial, a Japanese financial company, and increased our investment in Nikko Citigroup Ltd., our securities business joint venture. Embracing Our Shared Responsibilities--In 2006 and beyond, we will further build on our three Shared Responsibilities as the essential foundation for the growth of our franchise. We believe we must not only satisfy but even exceed our clients' expectations. The Citigroup team is working to find integrated client solutions and to bridge our businesses so all of the company is working in unison. To help ensure we reach this goal, we are continuing our efforts to make Citigroup a fast-acting, nimble organization and to shed bureaucracy. CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY This was a year of unprecedented natural disasters--the aftermath of the tsunami in late 2004, the earthquake in south Asia, and the hurricanes in the United States. In response, Citigroup, the Citigroup Foundation, and our employees committed more than $30 million for disaster relief and for rebuilding communities in the affected areas--a commitment of which we can all be proud. We're also pleased that 30 of our employees were chosen to take part in a disaster relief program sponsored by the American Red Cross--the first of its kind. These volunteers worked for two weeks at Citigroup's expense to help victims of Hurricane Katrina. I'm proud of them all and of the many thousands of our employees who volunteer their time.

4 | Citigroup 2005

I am also very proud of the hard work of Sandy and our employees on behalf of the victims of the earthquake that struck south Asia last October. Along with four other private sector business leaders, Sandy was asked by U.S. President George W. Bush to lead a campaign to encourage private donations for relief and reconstruction. In part through their efforts, the private sector has raised more than $100 million in cash and in-kind services. Finally, we were once again named to the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index and the FTSE4Good Index, which recognize companies that lead in setting standards for sustainable growth and that demonstrate superior environmental, social, and economic performance. OUR PEOPLE We are a demanding organization whose employees exceed even our own high expectations. In 2005, we asked even more from them--to stay focused on their business responsibilities while also reshaping our culture through our Five Point Plan. It required an enormous commitment of time and energy, but our employees succeeded in building a strong foundation for our future growth, and moving us closer to our goal of being the most respected global financial services company. SANDY Let me say a few words about my mentor, my great friend, and a man whose vision revolutionized the financial services industry, Sandy Weill, who will retire as Chairman of Citigroup in April of this year. For the past 20 years, I have had the privilege and good fortune to work alongside Sandy, one of the 20th century's towering business leaders. Sandy's vision was straightforward--to give as many people as possible the opportunity to participate in the economic mainstream and, at the same time, to give shareholders the most value for their trust. Sandy achieved what he set out to do with one bold stroke after another, building Travelers, a company that would one day merge with another great firm, Citicorp, to create the world's most successful financial institution, Citigroup.

Others have tried to emulate what Sandy built, but none have come close. Sandy's achievement will have its own chapter in the history books. So now we bid farewell to our Chairman and former CEO. We will miss his uncanny sense of timing, his indomitable will to succeed, his candor, his integrity, and his concern for his colleagues and the global community. Fortunately, Sandy will continue to assist us and for that we are all grateful. WHAT WE EXPECT Looking ahead, we will measure ourselves by the progress we make against our strategic initiatives, including the long-term financial goals I outlined at our Citigroup Investor/Analyst Day on December 16, 2005. Strong returns on equity, 18-20 percent; Mid-to-high single-digit organic revenue growth, understanding that this can be affected by volatility in the capital markets; and We expect to achieve organic income growth that exceeds organic revenue growth through expense discipline and effective credit management. The impact of any acquisitions and share buybacks will be incremental to these goals. In 2005, we refocused the company on its core businesses, put together a clear set of strategic initiatives, strengthened our culture, and laid the foundation for future growth. In 2006, we will execute on our growth plans.

Chuck Prince

5 | Citigroup 2005

