 Dear Fellow Investor
When I first wrote to you last year, I said our goal was to rebuild CA, and get it growing again. I am pleased to report that in Fiscal 2006 we did just that, although not quite in the way we had envisioned when I wrote the letter. We look back at FY2006 as both an exciting and challenging year for CA. We made great progress in our multi-year task of transforming the company, while also encountering some challenges and problems along the way, which we are moving swiftly to address.
In this year’s letter, I will briefly review the market environment, and then devote the remainder of this space to an update of our execution against our six priorities. Along the way, I will talk about the year’s highlights and lowlights — and the lessons we’re tak- ing with us into FY2007.
I know that our financial results in FY2006 were short of our expectations, especially earnings. As a management team, we set a high bar for ourselves, and while we didn’t quite make it, I am convinced that we succeeded in changing the trajectory of the business. We got the company growing again. Now, we need to build on that momentum and improve our operational excellence to deliver the kinds of results that shareholders expect and deserve.
I, too, am disappointed that we continue to find problems in CA’s past, such as those that delayed our 10-K filing. However, I must emphasize that these issues are just that — problems of the past. Should we identify additional concerns, we will strive to resolve them quickly and communicate them in a timely fashion.
In the meantime, I and all 16,000 employees at CA are dedicated to continuing the task of creating value, serving our customers and building a great company.
Leading the Growing Enterprise IT Market
CA competes in a growing market for enterprise software. Spending increased in our addressable markets in FY2006, and the forecasts for the years
1
John A. Swainson, President & CEO

ahead continue to be positive. As the overall leader in enterprise IT management, CA is already taking advantage of this market growth.
Customers of enterprise IT management software have changed the way they acquire technology, and increasingly are looking for integrated suites rather than products. In other words, they want solutions that drive their business forward, rather than just a piece of technology that fixes an immediate problem. Accordingly, customers are looking for a technology partner who can help them meet the challenges of today — as well as the challenges they will face down the road. They want a partner, not merely a technol- ogy vendor. We recognize that this trend can work to CA’s advantage, but only if we build the right prod- ucts and build the right relationships.
We embark on FY2007 moving decisively to do just that and to achieve our goal of “Transforming the way the world manages Information Technology.”
At CA, we recognize that over the last 50 years, infor- mation technology has evolved from a tool for back office automation to an essential enabler of the entire business. However, we also understand that this has not been a simple, linear progression. New technol- ogy co-exists alongside the old, with the result that IT operations have become increasingly complex and expensive to run, built with technology from many generations and many different hardware and soft- ware vendors.
Until now, nobody has been able to create a simplified and unified vision of the IT infrastructure — one that allows an organization an end-to-end view, and pro- vides assurance that it is being managed and secured efficiently and effectively. Further, it has been difficult until now to ensure that the business priorities and IT priorities are well aligned. CA is unique in the soft- ware industry in that we are completely dedicated to solving this problem.
Staying Focused on Our Priorities
A year ago in this letter, I outlined for you a set of six priorities that would drive our company’s trans- formation, enable growth and ensure that we deliver on our vision to transform the way the world man- ages IT. One year later, I am pleased to report that CA’s transformation is well under way with progress in each one of our priorities.
> Our first priority is to rebuild our relation- ships with our customers.
It goes without saying that a strong position of trust is essential to broadening our business relationships with new and existing customers.
Moreover, as the software industry consolidates, we expect to see our customers seek to create a smaller number of more strategic partnerships with their vendors. We believe that it is critical to be our cus- tomers’ management and security partner.
Today, CA does business with many of the largest companies in the world. Customers tell us that while we have great products and great people, we need to spend more time understanding their IT prob- lems, to better ensure that our offerings meet their needs. They also tell us that we need to focus more on the future, and less on the past. Finally, they tell us we need to talk to them in terms that are relevant to their industry. Our challenge is to change the way they think of us: from a mainframe software vendor to a business partner who is instrumental to helping them run or manage all of their IT operations.
We’ve responded to these customer insights over the last year by increasing the number of Account Directors—strong, client-focused sales executives who play a strategic role for CA by developing deep knowledge and understanding of a customer’s busi- ness, representing all of CA’s products, and taking a long-term view of opportunities. We now have almost 300 Account Directors, with substantially upgraded skills. We changed the commission plans to focus on new business that provides added value to customers, and introduced industry verticals in Telco, Government and Financial Services. All of these enhancements have contributed to a renewed sense of customer confidence, which in turn has led to an improvement in the “likeliness to recommend” metric on our most recent customer survey.
> Our second priority is to focus our invest- ments on growing the business.
Shortly after I joined CA in November of 2004, I undertook an exhaustive review of CA’s business strategy. After talking to hundreds of customers about their unmet IT needs, I came to realize that CA’s biggest growth opportunity was to focus on doing what it had done since its founding: provide tools for managing IT.
2

It became clear to me that CA needed to narrow its focus, and concentrate on providing its customers with the best possible software products to manage and secure their heterogeneous software environments.
Another important thing we learned from our cus- tomers was that they were having real problems creating an integrated management infrastructure; no one in the industry was providing them with a complete solution. In November of 2005, CA unveiled our Enterprise Information Technology Management (EITM) vision, with the goal of helping enterprises manage and secure their IT environments. Based upon our 30-year heritage as the software industry’s leading independent management and security com- pany, EITM provides a way for us to communicate to customers our value proposition, and how our prod- ucts can help them lower their costs of IT, manage their business risk, and better align their IT invest- ments with their business priorities.
Although CA has long had the industry’s broadest portfolio with our Unicenter, eTrust and BrightStor brands of products, our offerings were neither com- plete nor integrated. After an extensive analysis of our portfolio, we concluded that we needed to build and buy technology to create a broader, more com- plete, integrated offering to deliver upon the promise of EITM. Over the course of FY2006, we concluded 9 acquisitions of various sizes, including Concord Communications, Niku and Wily. Each of these com- panies was a leader in its own segment, and together with the rest of the CA product line, gives us what we believe to be the strongest and most complete offering to manage and secure IT. We are seeing strong growth in these acquired companies, along with strong synergy with the rest of the portfolio. Our intention in this coming year and beyond is to build on this growth, while integrating the pieces to make it easier for customers to upgrade from one part of the portfolio to the next.
> Our third priority is to align CA’s people and initiatives around a common purpose or mission,
so we started by writing that down in the form of the CA Charter. We then took our Enterprise IT Manage- ment initiative as the framework for us to coordinate our marketing, sales and development teams. We created a set of cross-functional teams to look at the
business processes of the company and recommend changes. Most importantly, for the first time in CA’s history, in Fiscal 2006 we produced both a strategic and financial plan, which we used to drive the Fis- cal 2007 plan and prioritize our resources. In Fiscal 2007, we will continue these initiatives and use them to improve our business processes.
> Our fourth priority is to expand our reach using business partners.
Here again I can report success; with much done but more to do. Our business is highly concentrated in the world’s largest corporations and governments. While there is more that we can do with these exist- ing clients, they only represent about 25 percent of the total addressable market for our products.
Reaching this broader opportunity will require the help of our business partners. In enterprise custom- ers, often the opportunity is part of a bigger business process re-engineering solution, driven by Global Systems Integrators like Accenture, Deloitte, Bear- ing Point, E&Y, PWC, and Cap Gemini. Our business with these partners—while off a small base—more than doubled in FY2006, and we expect it to continue to expand.
To extend our business outside large enterprises, we need again to rely upon business partners, both to represent us and to provide the services our custom- ers need to implement these solutions. As we seek to expand globally, we need to create a similar network of partners. Both these initiatives are well underway, with value added reseller revenue up 42 percent.
Finally, while our focus is the enterprise, we have solutions that are relevant to consumers, especially in security. To reach consumers, we rely upon a mix of dealers and e-commerce channels. Our business through dealers and e-commerce channels was up 64 percent. Another important, but still relatively small channel for CA, is reselling through Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs). Although our sales through OEMs was up 8 percent, I think there is much more we can do to embed our security and management technology in the products of others. While our business with channels grew faster than the rest of the business, I am convinced that we can do even better, and I am counting on our channels busi- ness for a significant portion of our future growth.
3

> A fifth priority is to create an infrastructure within CA to support the growth we antici- pate in the future.
Over the past five years, CA invested little in its inter- nal IT systems and as a result, these systems did not support the needs of the business.
With so many labor-intensive business processes, our overall productivity is curtailed—across the business. Further, it is clear to us that some of our business processes are unable to handle the demands of the business. Our sales commission system is a case in point, and has resulted in a substantial cost overrun for the company in the fourth quarter. Fixing this material weakness in our business systems is our management team’s key priority.
We’ve made some significant progress. One of the company’s first transformation initiatives was to largely replace our IT systems, and implement a modern ERP application environment based on SAP’s software, the first phase of which went successfully live on April 24, 2006. This phase provides Human Resources worldwide; and Financial, Purchasing, and Sales support for our North American operations. We will bring the rest of the company on line over the next two years. This project will give CA the business process infrastructure we need to scale our business over the next few years, without additional general and administrative expense. It will also provide a more consistent source of data to run our business. Our goal in this initiative is simple: to give CA the lowest cost, most flexible business infrastructure of any company in our industry, one that allows our people to do what they do best: build great products, sell them and support our customers.
> The last, and most profound of our priorities is to rebuild the culture of the company.
Of all of our initiatives, this is likely to be the longest and most challenging to implement, in part because it had been ignored for so long. Simply put, I believe that to be successful in building the world’s lead- ing management software company, we must have a performance-based culture based on integrity, accountability, teamwork and innovation.
We started this process by articulating CA’s mission, vision and values and codifying them in the CA Char- ter, which we’ve shared with every employee. Then we created a Code of Ethics, based on the charter, and ensured that we communicated it throughout
the organization. Finally, we began the hard part— making sure that everyone in the company takes these values and principles to heart. The first and most important way to communicate our commit- ment is for the management team to demonstrate that we will live by our values as we work to build a true culture of accountability. So, when we missed our earnings plan for the year, management bonuses were significantly reduced.
In addition, after the close of Fiscal 2006, we made some significant management changes designed to ensure that we have the right team in place to com- plete CA’s transformation. In Fiscal 2007, execution will be critical. I believe that we are assembling a team of leaders willing to be accountable for producing the results we expect and our shareholders deserve.
Taking the Next Step Forward
So I look back on FY2006 as a year of substantial progress. We had some remarkable successes, along with a few inevitable surprises and disappointments. We come away armed with valuable lessons and great confidence in our future.
As I have often stated, transforming CA and realizing the full potential of our opportunities is a multi-year process. Some things are already working much bet- ter, and the successful implementation of our SAP system will clearly help us. Other things will take lon- ger, including building a performance culture, but we are committed to creating an organization that will enable CA to accelerate growth and serve its cus- tomers better than ever before.
I firmly believe we are on the right path to making it happen. We are focused on the fastest growing areas of the enterprise software market. We have out- standing solutions and terrific people. Our customers tell us that we understand their challenges and have the technology to help them to succeed. In short, CA has never been in a better position to compete — and to win.
John A. Swainson
President and CEO
 4
