 Dear Fellow Shareholders, Customers, Partners and Employees:
We achieved a great deal in Fiscal Year 2015 as we continued on our journey to transform CA into a modern software company. This was the second year in our turnaround and we accelerated our focus on our customers’ needs and building new products, while improving execution discipline across the company.
Our customers tell me they see disruption everywhere, with new business models and upstarts replacing established ways of doing things — driven by cloud computing, mobile technologies and the mushrooming demand for software applications across all spheres of the economy. The “Application Economy” is real and is now a major driver of innovation and opportunity around the globe. Consumers around the world have downloaded more than 113 billion apps, and every day the demand for apps continues to increase.
We have positioned the reshaped CA to take full advantage of the Application Economy. Our solutions are enabling customers across every industry to achieve differentiation and growth.
A constant influx of new devices and applications means enterprises are struggling with complexity. Our customers are looking to leverage technology for better productivity and efficiency. Our Management Cloud solutions deliver that capability in ways that are easy to install, use and upgrade. Our robust product and portfolio management offerings are in use by millions of users worldwide.
We are enabling customers to bring development and operations together to deliver apps faster. With new technologies that automate and virtualize the development and testing process, we are helping dozens of financial, healthcare and other large organizations bring new capabilities to market faster while reducing development times.
In security, we are using data science and predictive analytics to deliver award-winning advanced authentication technologies. We have extended key offerings this year in Application Program Interface (API) management and mobile app analytics that have made us an industry leader. And we are helping some of the world’s largest companies process hundreds of millions of API transactions a day.
“We have positioned
the reshaped CA to take full advantage of the Application Economy.”
              CA Technologies Annual Report 2015 1
 
                          “And we are helping some of the
world’s largest companies process hundreds of millions of API transactions
aday.” Lastyear,wetookanewCAstorytotheworldthatwasincreasingly aligned with how customers buy today. Inside CA, we continued to hone our development engine, and added talented people to strengthen our organic innovation pipeline and accelerate growth.
Most importantly, we realigned our investment portfolio to enhance our core businesses, scale in growth markets, and capture emerging domains. We have never been clearer on CA’s unique value proposition in the marketplace. Today, our people have the capability and shared sense of mission that creates market leaders.
In this year of progress, I want to thank all of you for your support as we continue to reshape CA. We at CA appreciate your trust and loyalty. We will continue to work very hard in Fiscal Year 2016 to move the needle toward growth. I believe the future is bright for CA and look forward to delivering a great year.
Michael P. Gregoire Chief Executive Officer CA Technologies
We are also thinking about tomorrow’s challenges. In our labs, we are building software to help customers master the unwired enterprise, ambient data and API-assembled applications of the future — while also bringing innovation to the world’s mainframes.
We remain steadfast in our financial commitments to you. In Fiscal Year 2015, we met our financial guidance metrics — earnings per share, revenue, and cash. The trend in new sales has improved over the last two years. The trend in enterprise solutions revenue has improved. Renewal rates were consistently at or above 90% for each quarter of fiscal 2015, demonstrating our healthy renewal portfolio. Our customer satisfaction scores are higher and we continued to demonstrate financial discipline with our operating margin. Additionally, we returned more than $650 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases.
                2 CA Technologies Annual Report 2015
         