dear fellow investor:
what an extraordinary year this has been for computer associates.
Fiscal 2001 (ending March 31, 2001) presented us with tremendous challenges and outstanding opportunities. Without question, we had a difficult start to the year. Along with many in our industry, we faced a tough sales environment that tested us to the core. But CA rose to the occasion. It was

truly innovation at its best as we boldly moved to simplify our business and drive sustainable growth. First, we changed the way we do business. In a dramatic and progressive move, we switched to a new Business Model that benefits both shareholders and customers. Because software alone

accounts for an estimated 20% of our customers' IT capital spending, they are under increasing pressure to demonstrate the business value of software purchased and meet high expectations for software returns. Customers also need fast access to solutions, which means licensing the latest technology at a fair cost from a company that they can be assured will be around to deliver and support that technology in the years to come. By establishing a sustainable, value-based relationship, we are uniquely positioned to help solve our customers' business problems. Customers can now license our world-class IT solutions under a subscription-like model. And our customer-focused business model offers incredible flexibility and empowers our customers with more choices than ever before. This includes the opportunity to pace technology investments to business growth, to implement the latest advances in CA technology, and to mitigate risk by signing flexible contracts. This radical departure from traditional software

licensing reflects, and accommodates, our customers' rapidly changing eBusiness requirements and is a key competitive advantage for CA.

IT ALL COMES DOWN TO DELIVERING VALUE -- to our customers, our partners, our investors, our employees, and the communities in which we live and work. We are fundamentally well positioned to deliver on this commitment, and we take it seriously.

focus: driving innovation
This new Business Model also holds benefits for CA and our investors. It allows us to improve visibility into the revenue stream. With the old model, investors were not able to clearly see or interpret the value in CA's business. Since we will now recognize revenue over the life of the contract rather than at the time the agreement is signed, CA will generate more stable revenue streams giving CA and our investors more revenue predictability and a better means to measure our true operating performance. But change isn't easy, especially when you introduce a revolutionary way to deliver measurable value. We knew it would be challenging to switch to our new model in the middle of the fiscal year, but the benefits to our clients and our investors overwhelmingly reinforced our decision. From a financial perspective, this business model impacts our reported financial results, as product revenue is recognized ratably, which means over the life of the contract rather than all at once at the beginning of the contract. On an "As Reported" basis in fiscal 2001, we recorded $4.198 billion in revenue versus $6.103 billion in fiscal 2000 and diluted operating earnings per share (excluding acquisition amortization, in-process research and development charges, and special items) of $0.16 versus $3.28 for fiscal year 2000. This new Business Model initially results in lower revenue and earnings, as our cost structure has remained the same. To help investors better understand the value of our new Business Model, we have created an additional measure -- residual value, also known as Deferred Revenue, which represents future revenue streams from committed contracts with the Company. In the six months operating under the new Business Model, we generated approximately $1.9 billion of residual value. For the year, we also generated $1.383 billion in cash from operations, another good indicator of performance. And finally, to provide meaningful year-over-year Revenue and Operational Earnings comparisons, we've provided pro forma results that reflect CA's performance as if we had always been operating under our new Business Model. On a pro forma basis, we delivered total revenue of $5.566 billion in fiscal 2001, up from $5.256 billion in fiscal 2000, and increased operating earnings per share of $1.61 (diluted) compared with $1.31 (diluted) last year excluding acquisition amortization, in-process research and development, and special items. Our performance is the result of key strategic actions designed to meet our customers' business needs and deliver better value. In addition to the new Business Model, we announced a second important change. We streamlined our products and technologies into six core focus areas. We have a 25-year history of developing and selling more kinds of software for more kinds of computers than any other company. But as we listened to the needs of our customers and partners, we drew on our rich heritage to focus on developing and supporting one kind of software: The Software That Manages eBusinessTM. This positioning is ideal. We have the world's most comprehensive and advanced portfolio of software solutions that manage eBusiness.

2

CA Annual Report 2001

As we listened to the needs of our customers and partners, we drew on our rich heritage to focus on developing and supporting one kind of software: The Software That Manages eBusiness.

The demand for software solutions that manage eBusiness is exploding on a global basis as the world becomes "one marketplace." And we have the highest caliber of eBusiness software developers and consultants in the industry. With that in mind, we organized our products and technologies into three strategic categories: eBusiness Process Management, eBusiness Information Management, and eBusiness Infrastructure Management. Across these categories, we offer market-leading solutions in Enterprise Management, Security, Storage, eBusiness Transformation and Integration, Portal and Knowledge Management, and Predictive Analysis and Visualization. These six focus areas are becoming the core competencies of CA that will drive sustainable growth in the years to come. As part of our efforts, we have realigned our mainframe products to more closely reflect our strategy. And we continue to forge valuable relationships with strategic partners. Finally, we received ISO9002 certification. In fact, CA became the first and only global enterprise software company to meet the exacting standards for ISO certification. Our commitment to quality couldn't be any clearer. With a revolutionary business model and a focused set of key solutions, we needed to ensure that customers and partners worldwide

understood the kind of company we have become and how we will help them meet their business needs. We changed our logo and launched an aggressive communications campaign to introduce our new identity to more than 1 billion people in 160 countries. To help us continue on this path of growth, we are proud to welcome two new board members: Linus Cheung, the deputy chairman of Pacific Century CyberWorks; and Lewis Ranieri, the founder of Hyperion Partners. Both men bring an incredible set of skills to our Board of Directors and will add to the breadth and scope of our combined experiences. We know that our customers have complicated businesses. Our job is to offer simple, meaningful solutions. It all comes down to delivering value -- to our customers, our partners, our investors, our employees, and the communities in which we live and work. We are fundamentally well positioned to deliver on this commitment, and we take it seriously. We are proud to be Computer Associates, one of the world's leading eBusiness software companies. As we embark on our next 25 years, we are working towards a great and bright future for Computer Associates, investors, employees, customers, and partners. We believe this is only the beginning. Thank you for your continued support.

Charles B. Wang Chairman Computer Associates International, Inc.

Sanjay Kumar President and Chief Executive Officer Computer Associates International, Inc.

CA Annual Report 2001

3

