
To our shareholders

What can companies, governments and organizations around  the world do to minimize risk created in economic and political uncertainty, global competition and frequent, elusive cyber-attacks? How do they leverage the secure and frictionless applications that users desire to enhance communications and interaction with their constituents?

They invest in software.


This dynamic has driven our industry from a supporting role to a primary enabler. There's no doubt it's an exciting time to be in this space .
Innovation cycles have compressed. The need for integration and inter­ operability across solutions and platforms is elevated . Disruptive business paradigms are forming.
Legacy business models are rapidly evolving. Fearless thought leadership paired with crisp execution is critical.

It used to be that great companies were "Built to Last". They were organized into discrete silos with clearly defined functions. The management style was command and control. Labor was divided by specific and rigid job responsibilities.
Strategy was divorced from operation s.
 




Agile methodology drives remarkable product quality -	zero defects in Mainframe segment releases in fiscal 2017

 
Today, this modus operandi simply does not work. The pace
of innovation has accelerated and development cycle times have compressed. To compete and win, companies must now be built to change . Over the past few years, we have strategically constructed our portfolio to  be the  enabler  of a "Built to Change" com pany.

Agile
Our product portfolio is considerably stronger than it was just a year ago. The continued improvements we are making to our portfolio of solutions are the result of organic innovation complemented by thoughtful, disciplined acquisit ions . Organic development is,  without  question, our first choice. We have made tremendous progress embracing the key tenets of the agile methodology; listening intently to customers and delivering more frequent, higher quality releases that are made for
a changing business environment.


For example, our  Mainframe segment, which was an early adopter
 
of the agile methodology, completed nearly 40 releases in the past year with zero defects.

Some of the great successes we're seeing from our organic efforts include:

•	Data Content Discovery - scans customers' data on mainframe systems, locates and classifies the data, determines its sensitivity level and reports on the result s. This is all done on the mainframe, which preserves the integrity of the data and mitigates risk and the costs of supporting yet another platform.

•	Mainframe Operations Intelligence
-	rapidly detects and resolves mainframe system and network performance issues by leveraging descriptive and predictive analytics. It detects anomalies, discovers patterns and provides intelligent automation. This is  machine learning on the mainframe.

•	Application Experience Analytics
-	provides complete analysis of the
 





 
end user's experience interacting with an application. It provides performance analytics with end-to­ end visibility to back-end systems as well as real-time mobile crash analytics, or code-level detail, all
in one view. Mobile to Mainframe, instrumented.

•	API Management - helps to connect data between applications, platforms and developers through application programming interfaces (APls). Data that was once trapped in siloed customer systems can now be easily accessed and leveraged.

The budding success of our CA Accelerator, which is our internal, venture capital-like technology incubator, is kindling for our organic effo rt s. In this framework, successful ideas become solutions and  begin to build momentum with customers.
The objective for  these  innovations is to exit the CA Accelerator and join our broader product organization
for com m ercialization . Like the venture capital model, not all ideas accepted into the Accelerator are expected to  graduate; many may take different forms as they evolve and the founders refine the value proposition to customers. It's still early days, so we may not have exits
 
into the CPO organization every year. That said, the first graduate from the CA Accelerator into the CPO organization occurred in fiscal year 2017. It is a common analytics engine that can be utilized by both our Mainframe and our Enterprise Solutions segments. The spirit of
innovation is alive and well within CA.


Company-wide patents issued
186
166	157
135
101

 
FY13	FY14	FY15	FY16	FY17


Our strategy is to accelerate and complement our organic efforts with great acquisitions. Our acquisition targets are typically earlier-stage, rapidly growing software companies with super talented engineers building scalable solutions that
are easy to deploy and manage. Typically, what these companies lack is a strong, global distribution footprint and/or readily available access to capital to adequately fund their next-generation product development. We will not entertain an idea that is not within or
 





 
tangential to our core  areas  of focus. Our playbook is then to invest our resources into these acquisitions, ensure that they are enterprise­ hardened, and then leverage our global sales force and partner
network to accelerate uptake. A great example of this is the acquisition
of Xceedium we made a few years ago. At the time of the acquisition, Xceedium had approximately  70 em p lo yees. With a great Privileged Access Management (PAM) solution, it was able to establish a nice foothold in some government opport unities . What it lacked was
distribution capability and scale and the ability to appropriately invest  in its next-gen technology. Following the acquisition, the Xceedium business, now named CA Privileged Access Management, is consistently one of the  top-performing solutions in our portfolio. Our ongoing investment in CA Privileged Access Management has resulted in
key competitive differentiators, including new functionalities such as threat analytics. In some cases, key individuals from our acquired businesses have taken on broader leadership roles in functions across CA Technologies, helping to drive product and operational synergies. Toward the end of fiscal year 2017,
 
we made bold moves to further accelerate our product portfolio. We acquired Automic, a Vienna­ based leader in business process and automation software, and a
company we had been engaged with for a couple of years. The acquisition of Automic has strategic, tactical and financial benefits to CA. Strategically, it expands our automation software portfolio to include cloud and hybrid cloud enabled plat forms. Tactically,
it strengthens our presence in the Germanic region. Financially, it represents a high-value use of capital for our off-shore cash.

Organic Enterprise Solutions revenue grew in fiscal
year 2017

Then, on the last day of fiscal year 2017, we closed the acquisition of Veracode, a leading SaaS-based Secure DevOps platform  provider. We identified Secure DevOps, or DevSecOps, a while back as an area of strategic importance to CA. It's an obvious bridge between two of our three core pillars within Enterprise Solutions -	Security and DevO ps.
If we could have timed these two
 





 
larger acquisitions perfectly, we would have ideally liked to have spaced them further apart. As a result of this timing, our M&A spend for the full year exceeded this element of our capital allocation philosophy. The three prongs to our capital allocation strategy include: an annual dividend of $1.02 per
shar e\ inorganic investment on average in the range of $300-$500 million annually -	which (as we saw in FY17) could be more or less in a given year - and share repurchases to offset dilution over tim e. Despite the higher level of M&A spending
in fiscal year 2017, we continue to believe that $300-$500 million, on average, remains the appropriate target amount per year.

The evolution of our product portfolio
-	through the combination of both organic and inorganic efforts - is enabling us to pivot the way in which we address opportunities outside
of our largest, most established custom ers. For the past several years, we've stratified our sales organization into three tiers: Platinum, Named
and Growth (or partner-led). Through fiscal year 2017, we observed that our largest Named accounts have preferences and behave much like our Platinum customers. At the
 
same time, the investments we've made in our Partner channel and in our digital sales team over the
past few years have started to gain traction. This allows us to now reduce the complexity of our customer stratification. At the start of fiscal year 2018, we migrated the Platinum, Named and Growth nomenclature toward two sales groups : Enterprise and Commercial. This aligns with
our growing portfolio of next-gen software solutions, and it aligns with how our existing and prospective customers transact.

Total revenue grew in fiscal year 2017
-	the first time since fiscal year 2012
Results-Oriented
In fiscal year 2017, we achieved total revenue growth for the first time since fiscal year 2012. Importantly, we did this while maintaining healthy operating margins and cash-flow
generation. For the year, we delivered results broadly at the  higher end of our guidance ranges. Revenue, EPS and CFFO were above the mid-point of the guidance ranges. Operating
 





 
margin came in line and reflects the absorption of acquisition-related expenses associated with Automic and Veracode.

Strategic acquisitions of Automic and Veracode
accelerate our growth trajectory
We are making tremendous progress toward our goal of building CA for sustainable, long-term,  profitable growth. I was particularly  pleased  to see that Enterprise Solutions' organic revenue grew in fiscal year 2017, a dramatic improvement over prior years.

Total Organic New Sales

FY13  FY14	FY15	FY16	FY17



We ended fiscal year 2017 with strong momentum and are optimistic about our opportunities in fiscal year 2018 and beyond.
 
Socially Aware
CA was recently named one of the World's Most Ethical  Companies  for 2017 by Ethisphere Instit ute . This was the second year in a row that  CA received this honor, which recognizes companies that lead with integrity and align principles with action.  We  take great  pride  in  this  recognition,  which we believe is a reflection of the culture and priorities we  have  cultivated  over the last few years.

We are committed to sustainability, not only for our company and for our long-term shareholders, but for our planet. Since 2006, CA Technologies has been reporting to the CDP (formerly the Carbon Disclosure Project) on the energy use and emissions impact of our business.
We continue to drive efficiencies to reduce our environmental impact. The investments we've made have reduced our greenhouse gas emissions by approximately 36%, meeting our first reduction target set in 2012. Beyond CA's footprint, we view software as
an enabler of business effi ciency.
It allows our customers to leverage predictive analytics to easily optimize resources and minimize unnecessary expenditures and energy use. Our solutions improve IT availability, reduce risk, enhance agility and
 





 
provide greater automation. These benefits enhance our customers' ability to improve the efficiency of their businesses.

CA was named by Fortune as one of America's Best Employers for 2017, reflecting our commitment to build a culture that enables every employee to leverage his or her
unique talents. CA also earned a spot on Working Mother Magazine's 100 Best Companies list, a Best Company for Multicultural Women's list and the NAFE Top Companies for Executive Women's list. While the recognition
is great - and certainly helps in terms of recruiting -	we know that we need to do more. In addition
to conducting unconscious bias training and maintaining a diverse slate approach to recruiting, in fiscal year 2017 we implemented a policy of refraining from asking candidates for proof of prior employment compensation. Historical compensation information serves only to institutionalize the biases from other employers, perpetuating the pay gap between genders and other distortions unrelated to merit. We are focused on the long-term.
Our future as a company and as an industry is reliant upon developing the next generation of IT leaders.
 
Named one of the World's Most
Ethical Companies for the second consecutive year

To help address the STEM (science, technology, engineering and math) skills gap, CA Technologies and Boys & Girls Clubs of America launched Tech Girls Rock, an initiative that aims to inspire tween and teen
girls to discover an interest in tech­ related educational opportunities and careers. Since Tech Girls Rock launched, CA employees have regularly volunteered at workshops, serving as moderators, panelists and group leaders.  Activities include computer coding, decoding
cryptography problems and a STEM­ focused scavenger hunt. A do-it­ yourself STEM component was also recently added, inviting participants to join an eight-week session prior
to each workshop. This new format gives more instruction time and helps get the  participants  comfortable with STEM topics.

CA invests in STEM programs tailored to different grade levels and age
 





 
groups, helping to build the STEM pipeline at every age of schooling. This includes our work with non­ profits such as Code.org, DonorsChoose.org, Girls Who Code, IT-oLogy and PENCIL, which are all devoted to encouraging
pre-K through  12th-grade  students to discover an interest in technology­ focused educational  opportunities and careers. In addition, we support post-high school programs at organizations including the  Anita Borg Institute for Women and Technology and NPower, as well
as work with organizations such as Change the Equation and 100Kin10 to engage with other organizations focused on the advancement of STEM learning. Globally, CA is committed to advancing STEM learning with
several partnerships and programs, including CA's support of the European Commission's Digital Skills and Jobs Coalition, through our Create Tomorrow initiative,
our support of Pratham in India, The Smith Family in Australia and the Orphaned Starfish Foundation throughout Latin America.
Similar to our relationships with customers - it's not about shaking
 
hands and walking away; it's about going all-in and fully committing to the partnership .

We are making significant strides across the organization  as  we build CA for sustainable, long-term, profitable growth. Following a
strong fiscal year 2017 and entering fiscal year 2018 with  momentum,  I am optimistic as we accelerate our growth trajectory going forward.

Thank you for your continued interest in and support of CA.



Michael P. Gregoire



' As and when declared by the Board of Directo rs
