   Dear Investor,
About 18 months ago, I started writing a blog for CA employees. It was a modest experiment to see how employees would respond to an opportunity to hear directly from me about our company, my interactions with customers, and the process of transformation under way at CA.
Employees tell me that this is one of the company’s most effective communication vehicles. Many post comments or questions or email me directly. As a result, I have found that the blog helps
me understand CA and its people every bit as much as it helps employees understand my thinking and vision for the company.
As a company, we’d like to take a similar approach to communicating with our investors. We’re determined to
move from a one-way communications model of press releases and static annual reports, to a dynamic, continuous exchange with all of our shareholders. We will roll out this approach
over time, but as a first step, we’ve developed this year’s annual report as an online experience. Called CA Today,
it’s a fresh, informative, interactive journal — and one
that will be updated quarterly. You’ll find it at ca.com/catoday/2007ar.
 CA ca.com/catoday/2007ar 1
JOHN A. SWAINSON
President and CEO CA, Inc.

   Fiscal 2007 Results
Let me begin with how we did in our Fiscal Year that ended March 31, 2007, followed by our plans for continuing to grow our company.
Fiscal 2007 didn’t begin well. The changes we made in business processes and systems in 2006 resulted in a number of operational difficulties. We spent a good part of the first half of the year correcting these problems, and putting in place the senior management talent we needed to drive the business forward. I am pleased that we were successful in these efforts and reported an effective control environment for the fiscal year. Most importantly, we are putting in place the financial and sales management processes to properly run CA’s business.
In the second quarter of Fiscal 2007 we re-oriented and resized our sales force, moving it from one that was product- and transaction-oriented to one with a focus on building customer relationships. In the process, we went from 18 to almost 800 Account Directors and Managers — senior sales professionals who own the customer relationship and are paid on selling new software and strengthening that relationship.
At the same time, we centralized the responsibility for existing customers. We created a small team of senior business managers focused solely on renewing existing contracts. We reorganized our sales force in stages, completing the process in the U.S. and parts of Europe and Asia by October, and most of the rest of the world in time for the start of the new fiscal year. With highly qualified sales people dedicated to their accounts, we learn about new opportunities faster and are able to deliver a better, more relevant solution. Customers are noticing. Our customer satisfaction, measured through our customer survey,
is at a seven-year high, although I am not yet satisfied. We have more work to do.
The business problems led to a slow start, which affected our business results in the first part of the year, but it was clear by the second half that the changes we made were kicking in, and I am pleased to tell you that we ended the year strongly:
• Revenue was $3.94 billion, growing by 5%;
• Non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.88, growing by 4%*; • GAAP earnings per share were $0.22; and
• Cash Flow from Operations came in at $1.07 billion.
Every bit as important to me as the numbers themselves is the quality of these earnings and our ability to improve visibility and predictability. These results were not an accident; they were not the result of some random variation. They were a product of the hard work of thousands of dedicated CA employees in every function of the company.
We are continuing the momentum we built up in the past fiscal year. We’ve moved to paying commissions to our sales people monthly, and dramatically simplifying how and what they get paid for. In fact, we were able to issue almost every salesperson in the company new targets, a defined territory and a sales plan by the second week of the new fiscal year — the fastest deployment I have ever heard of at any company.
*For information concerning reconciliation of GAAP results to non-GAAP results, see page 128.
CA ca.com/catoday/2007ar 2

   Closing a Chapter on CA’s Past
Another topic of importance is the company’s conclusion of the Deferred Prosecution Agreement (DPA) and the release of the report of the Special Litigation Committee (SLC) of the Board of Directors. These events are benchmarks in our quest to put the company’s past behind it so that we can fully devote ourselves to our mission of transforming the way the world manages Information Technology (IT).
CA entered into the DPA in September 2004, in which it agreed to make specific changes to its management, governance and business processes. Part of that agreement was the appointment of an independent examiner (IE), who was charged with reporting back to the government on the company’s progress.
Over the past two years, the IE has been part of the fabric of the company, attending management
and board meetings, talking to individuals throughout the organization and pursuing various inquiries. On May 1, 2007, he submitted his final report. Based on that report, the government advised the Court that CA had complied with the DPA, and the Court, in turn, dismissed all pending charges against the company. For those of us who’ve lived through this challenging time, the end of the DPA is cause not for celebration but for reaffirmation of our fierce commitment to upholding the highest standards of ethical and professional conduct throughout our organization — which is the soundest means of ensuring that nothing like this ever happens again at CA.
The SLC’s report is rooted in the same history, although it deals with different aspects, including the derivative litigation based on the company’s past issues. Two independent directors, then new to the company and thus uninvolved in the historical problems, spent more than two years studying the issues and in April released their report, which included recommendations to the courts as to the disposition of these derivative lawsuits.
As I write this, the company is waiting for court rulings regarding the SLC report and is looking forward to closing this chapter of its past. As I said to our customers at our CA World® conference in Las Vegas in April, CA is not the same company it was five years ago, or even 18 months ago. We have changed most of our major processes, many members of the leadership team, and we’re implementing the strategy for market leadership we call Enterprise IT Management, or EITM.
3

   Moving Ahead: Delivering on EITM
Key to the future success of CA is the creation and execution of a durable and differentiated business strategy. At my first CA World in Las Vegas in November of 2005, we announced EITM: CA’s industry vision for unifying and simplifying complex IT management for greater business results. The reaction was polite, but not overwhelming.
The value proposition we proposed was not complicated, even though the problem we promised to solve is anything but simple.
For 30 years, large IT users have been creating an ever more complex infrastructure, comprising hardware, software and networking products from many different vendors.
“EITM is making a difference in the way people govern, manage and secure their complex IT environment.”
 At the same time, IT has become the lifeblood of most large companies and government entities, and all of the critical information in a business — both financial and personal — is now managed by the IT organization, and this information needs to be secured and protected.
Managing this complex environment in a holistic way has become increasingly difficult, especially when the business is making steadily increasing demands on IT. IT organizations have been struggling to provide improved service, security and regulatory compliance.
People were skeptical of EITM’s promise to make the management of IT simpler. It sounded good, but some complained that it sounded a lot like the promises the industry had been making for the last decade, and asked why this time was going to be different.
With both products and service offerings to help large IT users deal with the complexity, and deliver the services that their businesses want and need, we knew that CA possessed the breadth and depth to realize the EITM vision.
Eighteen months later, at CA World in April 2007, customers started to see the results, and the excitement was palpable. More than 5,000 customers, hundreds of press and media, and a couple of thousand CA people got together and spent four days talking about EITM, discussing significant IT trends and sharing success stories.
We also were able to align sales, marketing and development to bring EITM to market through 16 well-defined Capability Solutions. These solutions, which debuted during CA World, are supported with marketing collateral and education that give our sales teams the tools they need to engage customers around EITM.
With more than 200 new releases and upgrades of our products in the last year and our Capability Solutions, there was a lot to talk about at CA World. It became clear that EITM is making a difference in the way people govern, manage and secure their complex IT environment. EITM is real.
CA ca.com/catoday/2007ar 4

   Our Customers Speak
Many of our customers tell us that CA’s offerings allow the IT department to plan, measure, monitor, manage and secure the most complex IT infrastructures. They say that CA has helped them deliver the IT service their businesses want.
For instance, CA is working with AXA Technology Services (AXA Tech), the infrastructure service provider for the AXA Group, a leading global insurance and financial services provider, headquartered in Paris, with 117,000 employees. AXA Tech is focused on rapid growth through channels and partnerships, product innovation and improving service.
Like many of our EITM customers, AXA Tech understands the value to be added by integration in terms of Quality of Service, Productivity and Improved Support. So in addition to the solutions they already have, AXA Tech is looking at how to leverage cross-solution integration — such as tying application performance and security access together for an integrated view of the customer experience.
Then there is the international retail chain Tesco, which faced dealing with a problem familiar to many rapidly growing companies. Now in 13 countries, some of Tesco’s acquisitions left it grappling with legacy processes and systems. So Tesco developed an operational model — a set of processes and technologies to use in its business around the world. For IT this involves four main areas: planning and architecture, development of systems, deploying systems, and operation and support of IT. To ensure that it derives maximum benefit from standardization of process and systems, Tesco is using a wide range of CA solutions, including CA Unicenter® Service Desk, CA SupportBridgeTM and CA Unicenter® Network and Systems Management.
There is also the case of China Construction Bank (CCB), one of China’s largest banks with 14,250 branches; 11th among the world’s top 1,000 banks according to The Banker magazine; and 69th on the Forbes Global 2000.
To help simplify IT support and improve service levels at its Xinjiang branch, CCB rolled out a Business Service Management solution from CA that automates security, incident, problem, identity and access management as well as workload automation, and improves service availability. The solution also prevents unauthorized access to their critical server resources while improving this access through automation.
But the need to govern, manage and secure IT isn’t confined to the private sector. Consider Oakland County, Michigan, which has established itself as a national leader in the development and implementation of cutting-edge technology to better serve its citizens, communities and businesses.
The biggest challenge faced by their IT department was not technology, but one of trust. Building confidence in the county’s IT department was instrumental for new initiatives to be successful. CA provided Oakland County with world-class IT solutions to support their IT governance and ITIL® initiatives, and supported the county with innovative education and services. The result has been improved efficiency with a flat budget, and aligning IT and business goals across 82 county divisions, 100 local government units, 50 private sector customers and 1,300 customers.
Having customers like these talk about how CA and its EITM approach is delivering value to their businesses is great. We are grateful to these companies for allowing us to share their stories, and we are committed to their success.
5

   What to Expect from CA
You can expect to see results from our continuing focus on operational excellence in the six priorities we set for ourselves two years ago. We will substantially complete the restructuring of our business we announced last year, and we expect to see the benefits from that restructuring by the end of this fiscal year. That does not mean that we are finished looking for efficiencies. We are measuring ourselves against the best software companies, and understand that we have more work to do to create the kind of cost efficiencies that the best of breed have.
However, a little more revenue growth would go a long way to letting us grow into these efficiencies. We are keenly aware that our business is not growing as fast as we would like it to, and have recently kicked off a strategic planning process focused on finding ways to enhance the company’s growth. One area we are exploring is something we call business services optimization; the idea being that businesses need to view IT as a set of services and start managing and measuring them as such. We have seen substantial growth in this area over the last year, with acquisitions like Niku and Wily helping jump-start other parts of the CA portfolio. Likewise, we have integrated our acquisitions — MDY,
iLumin, Cybermation, XOsoft, Netegrity and Concord — adding hundreds
of new CA customers and seeing the synergies of these acquisitions with
our existing products.
In Fiscal 2007, we expanded the portfolio with the addition of records management products, and have begun to offer customers a way to integrate all of their services. Our security business, anchored in Identity and Access Management, continues to grow, and is an important long-term growth opportunity for us, especially when customers want to link their security and systems infrastructure.
Another growth area in Fiscal 2007 was the Network and Systems
Management business. These products are the core of CA’s business,
and last year we shipped the first major upgrade in four years, and were
pleased with the customer acceptance. As customers make their IT operations more networked, more heterogeneous and more outsourced, their need for the kinds of products and services CA offers will continue to grow. We feel very good about our portfolio of products and our market position.
 CA ca.com/catoday/2007ar 6
“We feel very good about our portfolio of products and our market position.”

   Our Six Key Priorities: Driving CA
I wrote extensively about our six priorities for operational excellence last year, and I want to assure you that these continue to drive our efforts going forward. These priorities are:
1. CREATE STRONG AND DURABLE PARTNERSHIPS WITH OUR KEY CUSTOMERS As I noted, we have reorganized our sales team, creating almost 800 Account Manager and Account Director positions. Our customers tell us that with these highly qualified sales people dedicated to their accounts, we learn about new opportunities faster and are able to deliver a better, more relevant solution.
2.PARTNERINGFORGROWTH CAworkswithmanydifferentpartners,fromthelargestsystemsintegratorsand outsourcers in the world to small local providers of services. A substantial percentage of CA’s non-mainframe revenue is influenced by partners, and about half of this amount is driven by them directly. We are determined to increase both. Our revenue with Global Systems Integrators, who embed our technology in their services offerings, almost doubled last year.
3.MARKETLEADERSHIP Wesawgoodgrowthinourcoremarketsandinthemainframebusinesslast year. While we expect the mainframe business to be stable over the long term, we did see growth in mainframe bookings last year, driven by strong renewals. We continue to receive third-party, industry analyst endorsements for our leadership in governance, management and security.
4.ALIGNMENT Wemademuchprogressgettingthevariouspartsofthebusinessaligned.Inthesecondhalfof the year, we started a budgeting process, led by our Chief Administrative Officer, Jim Bryant, and Chief Financial Officer, Nancy Cooper. For the first time in the company’s history, we did a fully interlocked, bottom-up and top-down budget. We used external benchmarks to determine long-term spending goals, and in turn, used this process to drive key decisions about resource allocation.
5.BUSINESSPROCESSIMPROVEMENT InApril2006,werolledoutthefirststageofourSAPERPimplementation, and followed it in November with a second stage. We now have our worldwide Human Resources, North American Financials, Procurement and Professional Services on SAP. In Fiscal 2008, the priority is to improve our core processes in North America and prepare to implement them internationally as part of our multi-year effort.
6.CULTURALCHANGE ThemostimportantandmostchallengingprioritythatwehavestartedatCAisto create a new culture inside the company, one that is unique to CA, replacing localized and acquired company cultures, reflecting the fundamental strength of the company and its people, and also reflecting our goal to be viewed as the industry’s best management software company and the one that is transforming the way the world manages IT.
I hope this letter has given you a better sense for the priorities of the company and journey we are on together. CA is positioned for success — we have the right people, the right products and the right partners. I know that as shareholders over the past years your patience has been tried at times. I am not proud of everything that happened, but I am very proud of the determination and resiliency of the CA team, and their determination to be successful. With the continued hard work of thousands of dedicated CA employees around the world, I am confident that we are on the right path.
Thank you for your continued support. Regards,
JOHN A. SWAINSON
President and CEO CA, Inc.
7
 