To Our Shareholders
The pace of innovation is accelerating, and I am confident that what lies ahead will be driven by software. Innovation in general, and the Application Economy in particular, democratizes opportunity. Applications enable local businesses to compete on
a global scale. They help disadvantaged schoolchildren who struggle to read or learn math with lessons that engage their imaginations in new and captivating ways. Applications make it possible for financial institutions to expand their reach to underdeveloped geographies that were once deemed unserviceable. Applications are the new infrastructure that create jobs and transform industries. Applications are truly changing the world.
Our mission at CA Technologies is to remove the barriers between ideas and outcomes. Powering our customers’ ideas requires scalable, reliable and secure solutions. Our products and services enable customers
to get ideas into production securely, with speed and at scale.
In a study we recently commissioned, Harvard Business Review Analytic Services found that nearly half of the leaders surveyed say they expect their industries to be disrupted in the next three years. Not surprisingly, the #1 response to disruption is to quicken the pace of development
of digital products and services. Over 65
“Like our customers,
we too are on a journey. We are building our company for long-term sustainable growth, and customers are at the heart of our strategy.”
                 CA Technologies Annual Report 2016 1

 percent of those surveyed said that their future relies on the quality of their software. The Application Economy is growing at a rate faster than we are able to measure.
Last year, we enabled thousands of customers in their journey to embrace the Application Economy. We are helping them to engage with their customers in new and profound ways. A brilliant example of this is the world’s largest beauty company. L’Oréal is one of the most innovative consumer products companies and is no stranger to technology. CA API Management is enabling L’Oréal’s U.S. business to build relationships directly with the women and men who consume their products every day.
Like L’Oréal, we help customers simplify complexity. Processes such as real-time inventory management, cloud-based pricing engines and the careful curation
of brand image all support an exceptional user experience. It is frictionless, and it is transformative. Enterprises around the world are embracing the Application Economy and employing software to architect digital transformation. This customer success is what motivates us every day.
Like our customers, we too are on a journey. We are building our company for long-term sustainable growth, and customers are at the heart of our strategy. To achieve this, we need to exemplify the traits that are most
Over
of those surveyed said that their future relies on the quality of their software.
Source: Harvard Business Review Analytic Services, Nov 2015
essential to us. When we are at our best and optimizing our performance for our customers, for our shareholders and for ourselves, we are: Results-Focused, Agile, Customer-Centric and Resilient. These are the cornerstones that define how we mobilize approximately 11,000 employees around the world. This is the ethos we
are cultivating as we drive continuous improvement for our customers, with our products, by our people.
Results-Focused
Our fiscal year 2016 results demonstrate solid progress toward our goal of long-term sustainable growth. As a result of our team’s ongoing work to reposition our product portfolio, refine our go-to-market strategy and sharpen our focus on customer success, we were able to grow new sales for the year. This is notable progress compared to prior
 2 CA Technologies Annual Report 2016

years and reflects the improving trajectory of our business. Importantly, it was the third consecutive year of step-function improvement in our organic business.
For the year, we delivered results that were in-line to above the high-end of our annual guidance. Importantly, we believe we are poised to cross over into modest revenue growth for fiscal year 2017, and over the medium-term, deliver on our guidance of low-single digit growth. This is a big first step in our strategic goal of creating a company for long-term sustainable growth. Our detailed, rolling three-year strategy is reviewed by our Board of Directors annually.
The sales strategy that we have put in place is working. The decision to separate our Platinum, or our top 500 accounts, from Named and Partner-led accounts is bearing fruit. Traditionally, we have done a very good job of servicing our largest customers— many of whom have been CA customers for decades. We are just now beginning
to scratch the surface of the enormous “Named” and “Partner” account opportunity. In aggregate, our market opportunity here
is an order of magnitude bigger than our current revenue run rate. This focus and continuity has benefitted our customers
as well as our sales productivity. Looking ahead, we continue to see opportunities
to expand our reach internationally. Part
of this effort includes thoughtfully scaling
our Partner-led business to better meet the needs of our underserved geographies.
Our sales and marketing organizations are working in lockstep. They are employing leading-edge tools and analytics to generate new pipeline opportunities. Our teams
are making real-time decisions based on business analytics that drive where, when and on what we spend our marketing dollars. There is strong evidence that our marketing programs are positively impacting consideration of our brand and are accelerating our ability to build
a demand pipeline for our products.
Results-Focused, Agile, Customer-Centric, and Resilient. These are the cornerstones that define how we mobilize approximately
employees around the world.
We understand that one of our key competitive advantages at our largest customers is our combined Enterprise and Mainframe Solutions portfolio. It is one of the factors that makes CA such a valued technology partner to our customers.
                 CA Technologies Annual Report 2016 3

4 CA Technologies Annual Report 2016
There is no doubt that the business-critical responsibility of managing increasingly complex, heterogeneous public, private, hybrid cloud and on-premises environments has become an enormous challenge for our customers. Our combined Enterprise and Mainframe Solutions businesses put us
in a position to strategically partner with customers to develop innovative solutions that solve some of their most complicated problems that span multiple platforms.
From Agile Management, DevOps and Security within our Enterprise Solutions segment and across our portfolio of Mainframe Solutions, our customers benefit from the ability of CA to manage their entire infrastructure stack—across distributed, cloud and mainframe. This lowers our customers’ cost of ownership and shortens the time it takes to resolve problems. The collaboration between
our Enterprise and Mainframe Solutions teams enables CA to cost-effectively
bring new innovation to the Mainframe, which helps to sustain our customers’ commitment to the platform. Tactically, our combined Enterprise and Mainframe Solutions businesses simplify technical and logistical ease and support a seamless user experience, making it much easier
for customers to manage relative to coordinating a number of disparate point-solution vendors. Our customers consistently benefit from the synergies
between our distributed and mainframe portfolios.
For our shareholders, our interconnected lines of business deliver predictable revenue streams, healthy operating margins, strong cash flow from operations—or CFFO—and now an improving ability to grow. In FY16, we returned over $1 billion of capital to shareholders in the form of an annual dividend and share repurchases, including an accelerated repurchase that effectively completed our prior $1 billion share repurchase authorization. Entering into FY17, we expect to begin repurchases under our new $750 million share repurchase program and increase our annual dividend to $1.02, up from $1.00, as and when declared by our Board of Directors.
Agile
In fiscal 2016, following our acquisition of Rally Software Development Corp.
—an Agile leader—we completed the rollout of Agile across our development organization. This highly iterative methodology requires on-going customer feedback and replaces the more serial
and linear waterfall method of software development. It brings people together— both physically and in mindset. It ensures that we incorporate customer insight early and throughout development and inspires the push towards greatness at every step in

 “ The pace of innovation has accelerated, technology trends have shifted, platforms have come and gone, and leadership has rotated. What remains consistent is the resilience of this company and the people who proudly work here.”
CA Technologies Annual Report 2016 5

the process. We are focusing specifically on bringing to market innovation that matters and building solutions that are easy to install, easy to use and easy to manage.
In FY16 we returned over
of capital to shareholders in the form of an annual dividend and share repurchases.
More than just a trendy buzz word, Agile’s heritage reaches far beyond software development and technology.
Its principles apply to just about every industry vertical, reaching outside of development organizations. So it should not be surprising that we are embracing Agile broadly, throughout the company,
not just within our product organization. We expect the adoption of Agile will accelerate the cadence and quality of our product releases and accelerate our organic development efforts.
Organic innovation remains our top priority. Our ability to develop compelling net
new products and build upon previously
acquired technologies is paramount. This is the hallmark of the best technology companies in the world. That said, we intend to simultaneously execute on our M&A strategy. We will continue to be thoughtful and disciplined with regard to future acquisitions, the timing of which is often dictated by our ability to successfully integrate and maximize the value created over time. We expect that, on average, we will spend around $300 to $500 million per year on M&A.
While the organization under our
Chief Product Officer (CPO) is intensely focused on our current product-related opportunities and challenges, our team under our Chief Technology Officer (CTO)
is exploring Horizon 2 and Horizon 3 opportunities for CA. It creates a framework and instills discipline to the way in which we explore and consider next generation technology trends and opportunities. The result of these efforts should yield net new organically developed products
or compelling new features to existing products. This organizational structure provides a venue, within a cost envelope,
to be more boldly innovative, focused and creative in the way we view and approach emerging technology trends.
We believe that our increasing agility,
our collaborative nature and the fostering of a creative environment is better
  6 CA Technologies Annual Report 2016

enabling us to identify and respond to both operational and strategic risks. Beyond our formal processes, all of us are tasked to look through the kaleidoscope of business and industry opportunities and risks. This awareness and analysis supports the decisions we make to take the appropriate amount of risk to optimize our competitive position and business outcomes while minimizing undesired
or unnecessary exposure.
Across the organization, from how we manage talent, how we invest in new product and technology initiatives, and how we engage with customers, we are making a concerted effort to be more reflective. This ongoing self-evaluation and fast-learning is increasingly part of our DNA. With the broad application of the Agile concept across functions and throughout the organization, we will pivot quickly to optimize our outcomes.
Customer-Centric
Customer success is truly at the heart of all that we do. In fact, our Customer Success program is considered best practices—and has been used as the measure by which other technology solutions providers are compared. We know that our ability to deliver a superior customer and partner experience serves as a source of sustainable competitive advantage for CA. As a result
of this focus, our customer satisfaction scores are the highest they’ve been in many years, the amount of time it takes to resolve customer issues is down almost 40 percent, and our Net Promoter Score (or NPS, which is a measure of our customers’ willingness to recommend CA) continues to increase. This strategic imperative is the primary function of our Services and Support organizations, which are charged with ensuring a flawless customer experience. Our Services segment exists to help customers with the installation and management of our robust and highly scalable set of solutions.
The amount of time
it takes to resolve customer issues is down almost
In the past three years, we’ve done the hard work and heavy lifting to build the foundation for growth. We are committed to doing this the right way—there are no shortcuts on this path. It starts with our talented and deeply committed team of employees who enable all that we do to help our customers
                 CA Technologies Annual Report 2016 7

succeed in the Application Economy. We are working hard to ensure there is integrity in our processes and that it is a characteristic reflected in everyone who represents CA.
Still, when we are honest and objective about how we look today, we’d like to
do even more to ensure diversity of demographics and diversity of ideas across the organization. We are doing things like formally educating our business leaders in areas such as unconscious bias and employing a diverse slate approach to recruiting. We are investing
in the advancement of STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering and Math) learning for underprivileged youth, with a focus on women and girls. We are working globally, with other organizations, governments and NGOs to address the skills gap. Our award-winning Tech Girls Rock initiative was created in partnership with the Boys
& Girls Clubs of America and is intended
to address the declining rate of women who are pursuing degrees in tech-related fields. After participating in the Tech Girls Rock workshops, 84 percent of participants say they would consider a tech-related educational opportunity and 69 percent say they have interest in a tech-related career. We will continue to champion these issues in which we are all personally invested.
Resilient
As I look back at our storied 40-year corporate history and 35 years as a publicly traded company, more has changed than has stayed the same. The pace of innovation has accelerated, technology trends have shifted, platforms have come and gone, and leadership has rotated. What remains consistent is the resilience of this company and the people who proudly work here.
As we look ahead to FY17 and beyond,
I am optimistic. I am confident we are making measurable strides in changing the trajectory of CA. We will continue to manage the business with thoughtful discipline and do what is in the best interest of our customers, employees and shareholders over the long term.
Thank you for your continued interest in and support of CA.
Best regards,
Michael P. Gregoire Chief Executive Officer CA Technologies
 8 CA Technologies Annual Report 2016
