letter from the ceo
     Dear Shareholder:
In fiscal 2009, CA delivered a solid performance, improving our operating margin, exceeding both our profit and cash targets, and hitting our revenue target.
CA posted strong earnings per share performance, and the company increased cash flow from operations by 10 percent, total bookings by 11 percent and GAAP operating margin by 6 percent. With these results, we believe we are well positioned to move forward with a sense of urgency and a commitment to our shareholders, customers and employees around the world.
These results speak to CA’s resilience and the durability of our value proposition. Customers consider CA’s technology critical to their businesses because it helps them reduce risk, manage complexity and improve the overall return on their
information technology (IT) investments. Just as important, our performance reflects our team’s ability to plan, execute and deliver.
We continue to focus on the fundamentals, serving our broad and growing set of customers in both the mainframe and distributed environments by building on our leadership in Security Management, Project and Portfolio Management, Infrastructure Management and Application Performance Management. Through a combination of organic growth and strategic acquisitions, we will maintain our position as the leading independent software company in enterprise IT management.
We’re confident because CA offers customers a compelling value proposition: The ability to operate their businesses with superior efficiency and security at a competitive cost by automating their on- and off-premise IT management processes. We call it Lean IT — and our customers are embracing the approach as they look to IT to drive their businesses in a highly competitive environment.
A WHOLE NEW WORLD
It’s no secret the IT world is changing dramatically. We believe these changes expand CA’s market opportunity.
Today, organizations aren’t seeking merely to integrate IT with the business, because in many instances IT is the business. Instead, our customers are seeking to improve their IT systems to drive innovation and growth. IT helps run many parts of a company, from payroll to logistics to resource management to online sales. IT can help win customers, drive revenue and deliver dollars straight to the bottom line.
Not surprisingly, organizations want their existing IT infrastructures to do even more for them. And companies with strong positions in their markets want cutting-edge technologies now, so that they are ready to seize opportunities when the economy picks back up.
As companies continue adding new technology — and more complexity — to their infrastructures, they need enhanced tools to monitor and manage IT. As cloud computing, virtualization, Service Oriented Architecture (SOA), Software as a Service (SaaS), and the growing number of networked devices are layered onto already complex IT environments, large IT users are finding management tools focused on only one discipline are no longer equal to the task. They’re looking for a more automated and integrated solution.
This plays right to CA’s strengths.
CA’s products can be integrated across the various towers of technology found in today’s IT shops to help users automate and integrate their IT services. By doing this, customers can keep systems up and running securely, spot problems before they affect the business, and see all that’s going on in their infrastructures to enable them to make smart business decisions. We help them do this at the best possible cost.
 ca annual report 2009 | page 1

letter from the ceo
   THE CUSTOMER IS KING
Add to this the fact that now — more than ever — the customer is king. The more we help companies seamlessly and cost-effectively deliver a great experience to their own customers, the more valuable we become to those companies. This includes helping an airline ensure that its online ticketing service runs smoothly 24 hours a day, seven days a week; a global employment services provider serve its local customers better; and a retailer deliver competitive prices and better customer service:
• Qantas uses CA’s Wily Application Performance Management software to help ensure the applications needed to sell airline tickets are up and running. This protects an increasingly important online revenue stream for one of the world’s largest carriers. Today, the Qantas web site can now handle spikes in traffic of over 20 million page views a week.
• Manpower, a global employment services provider, relies on CA’s Clarity Project and Portfolio Management solution to support a common set of global IT management processes. By using CA’s software, Manpower has been able to improve supplier management to save $10 million, and identify and remove redundant systems to significantly reduce ongoing maintenance costs. This means Manpower can instead use those resources to add value to customers. When you serve 400,000 customers every year across 72 countries, that’s a lot of value.
• For Tesco, one of the world’s largest retailers, leaner IT means better service and pricing for its customers. Tesco uses CA software to help it open its new stores quickly and efficiently to ensure the products customers want — regardless of geography — are on the shelves when customers need them. With more than 4,200 stores worldwide and plans to open more in 2009, that’s a lot of product to manage, a lot of customers to serve well and a lot of value delivered.
These are but a few examples of what our software can do for our customers, who are among the world’s most sophisticated users of IT. Our software and expertise help our customers become more productive, better compete, innovate and grow. In fact, our approach to managing enterprise IT is what’s driving customers to keep their IT lean, eliminating waste, reducing costs and helping to drive the business.
WE’RE DELIVERING
While we are seeing slightly longer sales cycles as customers scrutinize spending, we’re comfortable knowing our solutions deliver a clear and rapid return on investment. And that’s a compelling value proposition in any economic environment.
What’s more, CA is able to respond to changing market dynamics because we took steps years ago to make CA a more efficient and productive company. Specific changes to processes, internal systems and organizational structure have benefited our earnings and helped improve margins.
These efforts continue. In particular, in the past year, we instituted a strong pricing discipline. As a result, we can negotiate more advantageous contracts for CA while making sure they align better with our customers’ business needs. We have a focused, well-trained sales force, complemented by global partners and managed service providers, such as Accenture and Deloitte, so we are able to offer customers comprehensive solutions that solve business problems. We plan to maintain high levels of training, particularly for sales and development, to ensure we have one of the best-trained workforces in the industry. Our services organization has focused on packaging our offerings so customers can hit
the ground running when they buy CA products and achieve a quick return on investment.
In addition, we revamped our entire approach to development over the past few years. While there is still work to do, our global team of more than 5,600 engineers has the right tools, more consistent processes and a common goal. They are focused on innovation, delivering new products and the enhancements to our current technologies that
our customers need.
 ca annual report 2009 | page 2

   We remain prudent in our investments. We will continue to be smart about whether we build or buy, watching for opportunities to acquire companies like Wily, Niku or Concord where we can take great technology and invest to make it even better — while at the same time making this new technology available to our sales force. In early June 2009,
for example, we acquired certain data center automation and policy-based optimization assets and the team that built them from Cassatt Corporation. Cassatt, a pioneer in providing innovative cloud computing management software, makes data centers more efficient. This will allow us to accelerate the development of software that helps customers make more intelligent, business policy-based decisions, and offer a comprehensive infrastructure management approach that spans monitoring, analysis, planning, optimization and execution.
Many of our technologies are recognized leaders in their respective markets and are delivering impressive value to customers:
• CA Wily Application Performance Management solutions help companies see their customer transactions and spot problems early. More than 1,200 customers rely on this technology, which processes more than 5 billion transactions a day.
• Our comprehensive service management solutions help companies manage business demand, respond to change, and measure IT service cost, consumption and performance.
• Our Infrastructure Management solutions provide automation and service assurance, spanning network, voice, systems and virtualization management. They have reduced the cost of service delivery by 30 percent and the time to provision a server by 90 percent.
• CA’s Clarity Project and Portfolio Management solution has been voted “best” at 10 straight PPM Summits and ranked a leader by industry analysts. This particular solution can be offered on-site as well as on-demand (also known as SaaS). This solution has helped customers substantially reduce redundant projects and reduce project costs.
• According to a leading industry analyst, CA also is the market leader in Identity and Access Management security software. We enhanced our security management solutions, which cover data loss prevention, identity, role, access and log management, by both internal development and our recent acquisitions of two companies, Orchestria and Eurekify.
• CA is the world’s leading independent mainframe software vendor. We launched a new set of mainframe solutions we call Mainframe 2.0 that can radically improve how customers manage the mainframe.
In fiscal 2010, we plan to increase our spending in product development by nearly $50 million to meet growing customer demand. And we’re listening carefully to our customers. Our objective is to fulfill our customers’ need for today’s emerging technologies, while ensuring our ability to deliver the innovations that will be in demand 18 to 24 months from now.
We are already helping customers take advantage of these new technologies and delivery models, which offer significant benefits in operational efficiencies, capital expense and energy conservation. In April 2009, we introduced a number of Enterprise IT Management (EITM) innovations, including 13 new and enhanced EITM software products. But what separates CA from our competitors is not simply our ability to provide best-of-breed solutions — although we have many — it’s the breadth of our offerings and our unique ability to manage across the silos of IT and across all platforms.
That’s a potent, competitive differentiator that speaks directly to CIOs, who are under enormous pressure to deliver more value from IT. CA’s Lean IT approach offers CIOs technology and automation that enables them to get more from their IT at minimal cost, while giving them a roadmap for the future. It enables them to continue to manage their IT to achieve their goals, no matter which new technology enters the infrastructure. This message resonates with customers.
 ca annual report 2009 | page 3

letter from the ceo
   In fact, our approach, along with the strength of our technology, led to a major CA win over key competitors. Acxiom Corp., a global provider of interactive marketing services, chose CA to help transform its global IT infrastructure. After reviewing its business processes, Acxiom management concluded their technology infrastructure needed to evolve and that their existing IT and security management tools would be insufficient to meet their rapidly changing business needs. The deal included more than 16 CA solutions, including Application Performance Management, Identity and Access Management, Infrastructure Management, Mainframe Management, Project and Portfolio Management, and Service Management.
WE’RE READY
One of CA’s greatest assets continues to be our team of global, well-trained professionals who are committed to customers, shareholders, their communities and CA. In fact, CA was named one of the top 100 places to work in IT by Computer World magazine.
In 2009, we delivered our first sustainability report in which we discuss our corporate citizenship in terms of respect for our environment. We have a number of efforts under way to ensure we’re using energy efficiently and reducing our carbon footprint. We also hold ourselves to a higher standard when it comes to the communities in which we live and work. We continue to invest ourselves into the lives and well-being of others, particularly children, by donating our time, money, technology and talent, a strong tradition CA has built over more than three decades.
We all know that technology moves fast. So does CA. IT will only become a more important and strategic weapon to business. And we know from experience that IT will become even more complicated. We believe that’s good news for CA because every new layer of complexity must be managed. We have proven that with leading technology, the right strategy and hard work, we can execute and deliver for our customers, our shareholders, our employees and our communities.
We have strong momentum coming out of fiscal 2009 and will continue to help our customers solve their most complex IT challenges. I could not be more excited about our future.
Thank you for your continued support.
John A. Swainson Chief Executive Officer
  ca annual report 2009 | page 4
