s mer o t s cu
vision innovation quality value

President and CEO's Report on Fiscal 2002
Dear Fellow Shareholder: Fiscal 2002 (ended March 31, 2002) was a defining year for Computer Associates International, Inc. (CA). In the midst of substantial macroeconomic pressure, a national tragedy in the USA and increasing enterprise demands, CA delivered innovation in technology and business through an unprecedented focus on customers. Innovation takes many forms. At CA, innovation means delivering on a real vision through creativity and courage. A vision of technology that does not benefit customers is an empty vision. This year, CA continued to lead the industry in delivering multiplatform software that provides seamless integration with existing systems -- a key customer need. CA has led the way in making Linux a viable, business-critical platform for the Fortune 500®. With more than 50 Linux-based applications available, we are giving our customers the technology choices they need to best run their businesses. CA also recognized the impact mobile technology is having on the corporate environment and has demonstrated its ability to manage the entire extended enterprise. This past year, we put world-class software technologies and business Best Practices to work for our customers through real solutions that solve real problems. Second, we continued to evolve our corporate structure to better serve customers. While many companies talk about a customer focus, we take action. We believe technology should enable business, not make it harder. We see our role as a proactive, strategic partner who helps customers use technology to make doing business easier. Our goal is to better serve customers in ways that they find valuable. We are achieving this goal by keeping customers first in all our actions. First, I am pleased to report that CA is financially healthy. In fiscal 2002, we carefully controlled our expenses, repaid close to $600 million in debt and generated $1.251 billion in cash from operations. In fact, for the fifth straight year, CA has generated more than $1 billion in cash from operations. We ended the year with almost $1.2 billion of cash and marketable securities, having succesfully completed a $660 million capital markets financing in the form of a convertible note issuance in March 2002. In addition, we accumulated approximately $3.23 billion in aggregate deferred subscription revenue, which is committed future revenue from signed contracts with customers. For example, in October 2000, we boldly broke from the software industry pack by licensing our software on a subscription basis. As anticipated, customers are telling us they value the flexibility our business model affords. Specifically, our business model has been helping customers reduce their risk of, and manage their return on, information technology (IT) investments. Customers are now able to license CA software on a month-to-month basis, which enables them to measure the return on their investment prior to making longer-term commitments. CA also provides scalable contracts that let customers pace their software spending with the growth of their businesses. Under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), we delivered revenue of $2.964 billion in fiscal 2002 compared with $4.190 billion in fiscal 2001 and diluted operating loss per share (excluding acquisition amortization and special items) of $0.46 compared with diluted operating earnings per share of $0.16 last year. Our reported revenue for fiscal 2002 was impacted by our business model change in the third quarter of last fiscal year. As we have reported previously with our current business model, revenue is recognized ratably over the life of the contract rather than all at once at the beginning of the contract. CA had a great 2001, as evidenced by The Wall Street Journal's report identifying CA as one of the top performers for the year. Unfortunately, in 2002, our stock price has been overshadowed by government inquiries with respect to our historical accounting practices. As we've reported, we intend to continue to voluntarily cooperate to see this matter through.

Our efforts are paying off: Our business is solid, our customer relationships are stronger than ever, and we're evolving
to meet the next-generation of business challenges and helping drive growth.

2

i CA2002

CA2002

i

3

"Never have we had such a powerful opportunity to so clearly demonstrate
commitme nt
success

the true value of CA and drive our corporate growth. Never have we had such a chance to deliver uncompromising performance, quality and innovation to our customers and shareholders. I believe this is one of the most exciting evolutions in our corporate history."

We believe we are providing a more visible and predictable revenue stream for our shareholders. And, our business model has become a competitive advantage for CA. Customers are now, more than ever, viewing CA as a strategic partner. We're getting a critical seat at the table where we provide insight into the impact technology can have on our customers' business decisions. Overall, our business model represents our focus on the future. It is helping us deliver the true value of CA technology in ways that build long-term relationships, which in turn drive growth and shareholder value. To further demonstrate our customer focus, we aligned our business more closely with the interests of our customers by creating brand units within CA. Each team is led by a seasoned CA executive in each of the Company's six focus areas -- Enterprise Management, Security, Storage, Portal and Business Intelligence, Application Life Cycle Management, and Data Management and Application Development. Each executive is responsible for development, product marketing, product support and quality assurance, while our unified sales and service organizations will ensure customer continuity and powerful cross-selling. With this new structure, CA is well positioned to benefit from the future growth anticipated in these markets. This concept drew immediate praise from our customers. Following a successful trial with one of our six focus areas, we moved quickly to implement this structure throughout our organization. We believe our focused attention will help us deliver more value to all our customers and drive long-term customer satisfaction. During the year, we also launched CustomerConnect SM, our family of web-based services that makes it easier for customers to do business with CA. Customers can order and download products, update their account information and obtain support and assistance, all at their keyboards -- any time of day or night. In short, every action we have taken has been designed to help customers derive the most value from both their CA technology and their relationship with us. Third, we continue to push innovation in technology and business Best Practices to drive growth. Increasingly complex enterprise environments challenge our customers. They are under pressure to deliver more from their software investments. A more mobile workforce, increased security needs because of wireless devices and Internet-driven global networks, and the rise of Web Services all contribute to a mounting challenge for today's IT managers. Our business is to understand complex problems and offer smart solutions. We continue to evolve our software based on open standards to meet these next-generation computing and business challenges. For example, we have extended our industry-leading technologies to new platforms, new devices and emerging infrastructure elements, such as wireless. Our branded solutions address a broad range of business challenges in markets where we believe there are growth opportunities, such as enterprise management, storage, security, and portal and business intelligence. Because our solutions are based on open standards and are integrated, customers can determine which capabilities they need today, while knowing that our solutions will integrate seamlessly when they need additional functionality and software. CA is the global leader in managing the enterprise. No other company can truly make this claim. In the past three decades,

CA has been the only independent software company to consistently rank in the top ten, based on a rating of software revenue. Our commitment to platform independence will never change. Because of this commitment, we will continue to serve customers for decades to come. As technology evolves, we remain committed to helping customers navigate and benefit from advanced functionality, drive new efficiencies and tie their technology to their business requirements. Our job is to be a realistic visionary who understands where the market is headed and develops effective software solutions to help customers better manage their businesses. CA must enable customers to make smarter, more informed decisions -- not overload them with data. That's how we'll remain a strategic partner and how we'll grow our business. To this end, over the past three years we have invested close to $2 billion in research and development (R&D). In the past year, our R&D investment represents 23% of our revenue. The money we have invested has been well spent. First, we have maximized our investment by leveraging the technology and innovations across all our solution areas. This technology is called CA Common ServicesTM. CA has been at the forefront of promoting the importance of nonproprietary development and building a quality infrastructure for all of our solutions. The benefit is more efficient and productive research and development for CA. Second, we deliver faster speed to market, better availability and more effective solutions for our customers. They benefit from the efficiencies inherent in our approach. This past year, we initiated R&D efforts that encourage customers to be our partners in developing high-quality solutions. We introduced more than 200 new technology releases across our brands in the last year alone. To date, CA has secured more than 200 patents worldwide, with more than 800 patent applications pending. Through all of our efforts, we're maintaining a corporate character defined by our Core Values and personified by our actions at work and in our communities around the world. Every member of the CA Team is committed to, and held accountable for, representing CA's Core Values. Some call this leadership in action. We consider it good business. Never have we had such a powerful opportunity to so clearly demonstrate the true value of CA and drive our corporate growth. Never have we had such a chance to deliver uncompromising performance, quality and innovation to our customers and shareholders. I believe this is one of the most exciting evolutions in our corporate history. Thank you for your continued support,

Sanjay Kumar
President and Chief Executive Officer

4

i CA2002

CA2002

i

5

