 GAINING MOMENTUM, FUELING GROWTH
IFELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
n fiscal 2010, we delivered strong results and set the stage for breakthrough performance by building on the solid foundation we have established over the past four years. This year, we:
• Improved earnings per share by almost 15 percent on a comparable basis1
• Increased unit and dollar market share and total points of distribution in our Consumer Foods segment
• Improved the Consumer Foods segment’s comparable operating profit2 byalmost25percentandraisedcomparablesegmentmargins3 from 11.8 percent to 14.6 percent
• Generated more than $300 million in savings through supply chain initiatives in our Consumer Foods segment, providing fuel for growth
• And grew operating cash flow from continuing operations by 46 percent, to $1.4 billion, the result of focusing the entire organization on working capital management
We generated strong shareholder returns during the year, and we are creating more believers in the future of ConAgra Foods. Our formula
for growth is straightforward: use supply chain productivity and tight overhead controls to fuel insights-driven marketing and selling and game-changing platform innovation.
1,2,3 This non-GAAP (Generally Accepted Accounting Principles) financial measure is reconciled to the most directly comparable measure, as reported in accordance with GAAP on page 97 of this annual report, and should be viewed in addition to, and not in place of, the company’s financial measures, as calculated in accordance with GAAP.
                  
   Smarter Transportation
$1.1 billion
Our $1.1 billion in supply chain cost savings over the past four years comes from better management of inventory and materials, smarter transportation, and gains in manufacturing efficiency. For example, we saved money in FY10 by working with customers and suppliers to synchronize supply with demand, which allowed us to reduce excess inventory
and whittle down our warehouse space.
Buying Right
  Banking on a better way
Better Inventory Management
More Efficient Manufacturing

 FUELING GROWTH WITH OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE
Over the past four years, our Consumer Foods supply chain has introduced productivity improvements that have generated total savings of more than $1.1 billion. Savings from fiscal
2010 alone, along with a very modest rate of inflation, helped us significantly improve Consumer Foods’ operating margins.
Over the past three years, the percentage of retailers rating us among the top three manufacturers in the Cannondale Associates PowerRanking for Best Supply Chain Management has nearly tripled. That doesn’t happen without an efficient, integrated supply chain. Although we’ve done some great work to become more competitive, we’re moving to another level. We want our Consumer Foods supply chain to become the best in the industry, which will require breakthrough improvements.
Our imperatives are simple: enable top-line growth while improving operating margins and returns on assets. Getting there will require the flawless execution of four key strategies:
• Establishing a demand-driven supply chain by collaborating with suppliers and retailers and adopting lean processes in our plants
• Reducing complexity by managing SKUs effectively, designing products in line with their value and optimizing our use of materials and our vendor relationships
• Achieving plant optimization by improving overall equipment effectiveness and reducing material waste
• Extracting value from our SAP implementation by leveraging new systems and optimizing processes
During fiscal 2010, supply chain savings helped us realize a seven-day reduction in our cash conversion cycle and a reduction in working capital of more than $300 million. That contributed to operating cash flows of $1.4 billion from continuing operations, up more than $400 million in a single year. From FY11 through FY13, we project supply chain cost savings averaging $275 million per year. Savings like this will help us continue to combat input inflation and fuel innovation, advertising and marketing to grow our brands and our customers’ businesses.
CONAGRA FOODS 2010 ANNUAL REPORT 3
                                               
 Making it easier for shoppers to find the food they love
Our new ultra-convenient meals set, piloted in fiscal 2010, drove double-digit growth of this retail category—and double-digit growth of our featured brands—during the pilot. We made shopping easier, and that makes consumers, and retailers, happy.
   LISTENING DEEPLY; THEN LEARNING AND DOING
                   David Ogilvy Award for excellence in advertising research
Our insights-based approach helps us translate consumer needs and desires into the food people love. Insights help us connect with our consumers wherever they’re at—in store, online, in the
middle of a good magazine, at the movies or the ball game, watching TV, or, increasingly, talking to one another on Facebook, Twitter or other social networking sites while they’re running errands or shopping. With our products in 96 percent of American households, we know
our brands are important to retailers. Immersing ourselves in our retail partners’ needs helps us deliver the right shopper and consumer ideas to drive sales. Our distinctive approach embeds 80 percent of our Integrated Customer Marketing people with their customers’ teams. Why? It’s the best place to know what’s important to customers, and what’s happening in the marketplace. It’s real input, real time.
This approach has helped us speak our customers’ language. It’s how we came up with the award-winning and market-proven Shopper Seasons in-store marketing concept. It also drove our new ultra-convenient meals shelf-set, which showed great promise during a recent in-store pilot. We believe our convenient shelf-set has the potential to be a real breakthrough because it applies insights to category management to solve problems on shelf. Our strong category management, along with smart pricing architecture and collaborative business planning, helped us increase total points of distribution at retail in fiscal 2010.
 
   Ultra-convenient Meals
                                                                    Our brands’ communication and connection with consumers and customers are also crucial. We’re getting better and better at this:
• Brandweek named ConAgra Foods a Top 12 marketer of the year due to our creative, insights-driven and results-producing marketing.
• For two consecutive years, our Integrated Customer Marketing organization has ranked in the top three of The Hub’s annual Top 12 rating of shopper marketing excellence.
• Our Shopper Marketing team earned the company’s first-ever David Ogilvy Award for excellence in advertising research for its Shopper Seasons work, which breaks the year into six distinct “seasons” that shoppers—moms, in particular—associate with different emotional and practical needs.
• And our largest customer named us its dry grocery supplier of the year for being an effective strategic partner that adds value across marketing, category management, shopper insights and supply chain functions.
Across the board, we’re positioning ourselves for the future by understanding input from customers and using it to continuously improve the products and services we provide. Listening to customers, mixing in insights from end-users, and translating that
to results has become a way of life for us. Our Commercial Foods segment, for example, delivers multi-use flours and whole grains to help customers create healthful, great-tasting food products. Through ConAgra Mills, we also offer risk management services and tools that leverage grain market intelligence to help customers navigate the volatile commodities landscape to better manage their costs. And, finally, bringing the sweet potato fry to reality for restaurants wouldn’t have happened without Lamb Weston’s deep understanding
of what foodservice operators need to drive sales and profits in their stores. This is true collaboration, so that customers can leverage our food to help drive their success.
15%
SALES GROWTH IN ULTRA-CONVENIENT MEALS CATEGORY DURING PILOT
   
 6 CONAGRA FOODS 2010 ANNUAL REPORT
 Healthy Choice wins Dupont packaging award
            GIVE PEAS A CHANCE NewLightlife® Entréesalign with trends toward healthier lifestyles and meatless meals and increase our stake in this growing category.
43%
OF CONSUMERS ARE OCCASIONALLY REPLACING MEAT WITH MORE VEGETABLES4
MAKING THE FOOD
YOU LOVE, BETTER
We are proud of the food we make. For millions and millions of people, our food delivers the nutrition, convenience, value and, of course, great taste that people need and want in their
lives. We’re always looking for ways to deliver even more, and that’s why we spend so much time and energy on breakthrough innovation.
Like many things at ConAgra Foods, our approach to innovation is simple—and different.
• We do platform innovation. That means we create new concepts, new ways to prepare food, focusing on a particular idea. Steaming, for instance. Our new Healthy Choice® entrées take advantage of that platform and are like nothing else in the frozen aisle. Great for lunch, they feature large-cut ingredients in packaging that accents the fresh look and taste of the food inside. Because we focus on fewer, bigger, better innovations, you won’t see hundreds of new products from us in a year. That’s by design, and it’s the most effective way to use our resources.
• We are making higher-quality, more nutritious food and keeping an eye on ways to add more of what consumers want—such as whole grains and more protein—and less of what they don’t, including sodium. In fiscal 2010, we pledged to reduce sodium across our total Consumer Foods portfolio by 20 percent by 2015. We’re well on our way, and that’s just one example of the very intense focus we have on improving nutrition. Three new SKUs of Chef Boyardee® pasta made with whole grain are another example of our work in this area. We’ve added whole grain, reduced sodium and removed MSG.
• We dig deep into insights and behaviors. That helps us improve both our quality and our platform approach. It also means we can do a few smaller things that we believe will have a big impact, such as switching from high-fructose corn syrup to sugar in Hunt’s® ketchup. Consumers said this would make a difference for them, and we took action.
4 ConAgra Foods Omnibus Study, Express Online, TNS, Sept. 20, 2009. Of the 43 percent of consumers who are occasionally replacing meat with vegetables in their diet, 30 percent are looking to balance meat-based meals with meatless meals—this is the population that presents the best opportunity for growth.
  
 Fewer, bigger, better innovations

8 CONAGRA FOODS 2010 ANNUAL REPORT
DELIVERING VALUE TO CONSUMERS
Even though some economists see the world inching out of a recession, consumers are telling us they will continue the
5
habits they adopted during the downturn. Over the past three
years, consumers have increased the number of meals they prepare and eat at home while cutting back on the number of times they’ve goneouttoeat.6 Most—about80percent—plantokeepusing couponsandenjoyhuntingforbargains.7 There’snoquestionvalue is here to stay. And that’s good for ConAgra Foods shareholders.
Our food has always been a terrific value. But we believe there’s much more to value than price. We believe in delivering value that also brings great taste, premium quality, improved nutrition, innovation and convenience to the table. We did that during fiscal 2010 and grew share.
                        We value value and that makes people
 
CONAGRA FOODS 2010 ANNUAL REPORT 9
  Consumers have increasingly turned to our brands, including Banquet® frozen meals, Chef Boyardee canned pasta, Snack Pack® pudding, Swiss Miss® cocoa, Hunt’s® pasta sauce, Van Camp’s® beans and Hunt’s Manwich,® to name a few. In all, we offer more than 130 meals for $3 or less,8 represented by consumer-favorite brands, such as Healthy Choice and Marie Callender’s.®
Understanding value from the consumer perspective was crucial to growth in fiscal 2010. Dollar and unit share gains for our aggregate Consumer Foods portfolio were led
by strong performers in our top 15 categories, which make up most of our business and grew significantly faster than our overall average. In addition to our major players in frozen single-serve meals—Banquet, Healthy Choice and Marie Callender’s—the top 15 categories include a wide range of our brands, from Hebrew National® kosher beef franks to Ro*Tel® tomatoes to Reddi-wip® dessert topping.
5,7 ConAgra Foods, Post-Recession Reality CARAVAN® Survey, March 26-29, 2010
6 Annual Eating Patterns of America Report, The NPD Group’s National Eating Trends® and Crest® Services, February 2010 8 Based on IRI 52-week average price, Total FDMx, July 11, 2010
In 2010, consumers prepared and ate 1.8% more meals at home than they did in 2007 while eating 5.9% fewer meals in restaurants than they did three years earlier.6
                              happy to eat at home.
 
 10 CONAGRA FOODS 2010 ANNUAL REPORT
 ConAgra Mills was named the No.1 Grain Products Supplier in Food Processing magazine’s Reader’s Choice Awards for the third year in a row
AMPLIFYING OUR COMMERCIAL OPPORTUNITIES
                        FY08 FY09 FY10
+37%
VOLUME IN WHOLE GRAIN PRODUCTS OVER THE PAST TWO YEARS
WHOLE GRAIN GOODNESS Demand for whole grain products has increased as more and more Americans have become aware of the health benefits of eating three servings of whole grain
a day, which is what United States Department of Agriculture guidelines recommend.9 Volume sales of ConAgra Mills’ whole grain products have increased 37 percent over the past two fiscal years.
As much as the economy reminded people about the value of our Consumer Foods brands, that same economy challenged our Commercial Foods business. Quite simply, fewer people
eating at restaurants impacted our Commercial Foods results. But despite that, and on top of one of the worst Northwestern potato crops anyone can remember, our Commercial Foods team held its own, and continues to be well-positioned for growth:
• Customer relationships are strong. For the seventh straight year, Lamb Weston was named a Gold Supplier in Sysco’s Top 10 and defended its ranking as the global foodservice leader’s No. 1 food supplier and No. 2 overall supplier for the second year in a row. ConAgra Mills was named the No. 1 Grain Products Supplier in Food Processing magazine’s Readers’ Choice Awards for the third year in a row.
• We’re putting down roots. Our new plant in Northern Louisiana puts Lamb Weston in the heart of prime sweet potato growing regions and in great shape to maintain its leadership position in frozen sweet potato processing. Louisiana said hello to the
first, large-scale processing facility in the world built from the ground up with the most current environmentally friendly processing and packaging technologies specific to sweet potatoes. We expect this plant to be a difference-maker.
 •
And our operations are top-notch. Last year, ConAgra Mills delivered another outstanding year by managing through market volatility with an improved product mix and better operating efficiencies.
Even though the economic factors were tough for Commercial Foods, I couldn’t ask for better customer partnerships or operational excellence in this segment. This team is a clear leader in a number of areas and is a boost to the overall ConAgra Foods sustainable, profitable growth model.
9 MyPyramid.gov, September 2008

                                         A sweet deal for our customers
With its insights-backed ampliFRYTM Sales solution, Lamb Weston has shown that adding one additional fry choice to a menu—such as Sweet Things® sweet potato fries—can help increase sales and gross profits for any size restaurant.
                       
                     2.
Pillars of Strength
In keeping with our strategic pillars, we purchased the
Marie Callender’s frozen dessert pie business to sweeten our convenient meals menu and bought Elan Nutrition to enhance our cereal and snack bar business.
                     Convenient Meals
Snacks
5.
Specialty
1.
3.
Meal Enhancers
4.
Potatoes

 INVESTING WISELY
If you’ve been following us over the years, you know that we’ve been finding ways to generate and then effectively manage the cash we’ll need to support our growth objectives. We’ve divested
a number of businesses to create a portfolio that improves operating margins and provides predictable growth. It’s a portfolio we believe will position us to win by focusing on our strategic priorities— convenient meals, potatoes, snacks, meal enhancers and specialty brands(suchasPAM® andEggBeaters,® andourConAgraMills
and store brands businesses). Earlier this summer, we divested the dehydrated and vegetable product operations of our Gilroy Foods business.ThesaledidnotincludeSpicetec,® ourseasoningblendsand flavors business. We struck the deal as part of our ongoing focus on our strategic priorities and the businesses where we see the most promise.
Under that same strategy, we bought two businesses recently. We acquired frozen pies and related products marketed under the licensed Marie Callender’s® and Claim Jumper® trade names. We also purchased Elan Nutrition, which became part of ConAgra Foods at the end of fiscal 2010 and is a big addition to our fast-growing nutrition and cereal bars business. Both of these purchases reflect our acquisition strategy—find businesses that are great fits and enable us to grow by filling a need within our portfolio or giving us an adjacent category expansion.
Delivering value to shareholders is always our aim. During our fourth quarter, we acquired approximately 4 million shares of ConAgra Foods stock for about $100 million under the $500 million share repurchase program our Board authorized earlier in the year. And, in line with our commitment to a top-tier dividend, the Board raised the annualized dividend rate to $0.80 per share.
CONAGRA FOODS 2010 ANNUAL REPORT 113
    
14 CONAGRA FOODS 2010 ANNUAL REPORT
LEADING LEADING
FOR GROWTH FOR GROWTH
                                                                                                750
PEOPLE WERE PROMOTED FROM INSIDE CONAGRA FOODS
Making great food requires great people—people who invest their time and talent to create a better company and a better world. And ConAgra Foods is investing in them, too. In fiscal
2010, we continued emphasizing our core operating principles of simplicity, collaboration and accountability while promoting 750 people from within our own ranks and improving our developmental climate. In fact:
• Bloomberg Business Report named us a “Best Company for Internships.”
• Our unique leadership training programs, which include six academies, have been nationally acknowledged with a Corporate University Best in Class Award and a Vanguard Award from Chief Learning Officer Magazine.
Our employees show their pride in ConAgra Foods in many ways, not the least of which is their generosity toward the communities in which they live and work. Our annual United Way fund drive netted $1.2 million in contributions from our employees last year. We encourage volunteerism, and many employees are involved in our main philanthropic focus—fighting child hunger. Our ConAgra Foods Foundation’s partnership with Feeding America, the nation’s leading hunger relief organization, is the largest corporate initiative in the U.S. solely dedicated to fighting child hunger. Over the past 17 years, the Foundation has invested more than $35 million to
find solutions to end child hunger and is recognized as the first organization of its type to fund nationwide child hunger programs in a comprehensive manner. That’s in addition to the nearly 250 million pounds of food the company has donated to Feeding America food banks across the
  Good for you, good for the community, good for the planet
 
country. This spring, “Child Hunger Ends Here,” our integrated cause marketing program, rallied consumers to join seven of our largest brands in raising funds to provide food for children in need. Child hunger is an issue about which consumers care deeply, and our work in this area connects them to the cause and to our brands.
Our dedication to our communities and the environment doesn’t stop there. In fiscal 2010, Corporate Responsibility Magazine named ConAgra Foods to its 11th Annual Best Corporate Citizen List, recognized as one of the world’s top corporate responsibility rankings, for our ongoing work in a number of areas. Our aggressive new sustainability goals—metrics aimed at reducing greenhouse gas emissions, conserving water, cutting waste, reducing packaging and enhancing environmental collaboration with suppliers and growers by 2015—give consumers five more reasons to feel good about the food they love.
Our mission One company. One goal. Making the food you love. continues. This mission bonds us together at ConAgra Foods. Setting our sights higher to achieve breakthrough performance is where we’re headed next. We’ve fueled the engine. We have clarity and focus on the path ahead, and unity in getting to our long-term goal of 8 to 10 percent EPS growth, strong cash flows and healthy sales growth. Thanks for joining us on our journey—and trusting in our ability to take this company where we all want it to go.
Sincerely,
Gary M. Rodkin
Chief Executive Officer
128
CONAGRA FOODS 2010 ANNUAL REPORT 15
 “Best Company for Internships”
by Bloomberg Business Report
  CONSERVED
MILLION GALLONS OF WATER
                                                                 