We gained a lot in fiscal 2008.
A lot of knowledge. A lot of perspective. And a lot of focus.
   During fiscal ’08, we focused our business on food, and food only. We sold our commodity trading and merchandising operations, at the right time and for the right price. That’s enabling us to devote our energy to our food business and to redeploy the capital we had invested in trading and merchandising to repurchase shares and reduce debt.
In fiscal ’08, our food business grew more than 10 percent in net sales. Most years, we’d be pretty happy with that number. But due to high inflation, our input costs grew even more. Lessons learned in this tough economic climate made us more agile and sharpened our perspective on what it takes to drive sustainable, profitable growth at ConAgra Foods.
In our fourth quarter, we began to see the payoff of better realized pricing for our Consumer Foods products. This progress is coupled with a strong year of cost-saving initiatives and excellent in-market traction on key product innovations. As a result, the momentum we gained in our fourth quarter is continuing.
And throughout the year, there were many noteworthy accomplishments. We made important investments in our people, products and infrastructure. We bought four businesses that align closely with our growth platforms. Those strategic investments were made with the common goal of growing and sustaining profits.
In fiscal ’07, we told you we expected an annual earnings growth rate of 8 to 10 percent for the fiscal 2008 to 2010 time frame, excluding items impacting comparability. Although we fell short of that objective for fiscal ’08, we are confident that our progress in fiscal 2009 will put us back on track.
Let me tell you why.
With the remarkable inflation in the price of corn, oil, packaging materials—virtually everything we use in our products—we’ve shown we can raise prices and continue driving consumer demand for our products. Were our margins compromised during fiscal ’08? Unfortunately, yes. But when we took pricing action in our fourth quarter, we immediately began to rebuild profitability to put us on solid footing.
Our portfolio includes brands that have been staples in American households for many years. Brands such as Hunt’s, Hebrew National and Orville Redenbacher’s are brands that consumers stick with through economic ups and downs— tomatoes and hot dogs and popcorn still make consumers’ must-have lists. In addition, we have a terrific portfolio of great brands such as Banquet and Chef Boyardee that deliver tremendous value to consumers who are under pressure to provide quality nutrition for their families at a lower cost.
CONAGRA FOODS INC. 2008 ANNUAL REPORT 1

  GETTING IT TOGETHER
We flawlessly integrated SAP modules into our operations in 2008, with improved organizational effectiveness following our multi-stage implementation. And we saved more than $240 million in Consumer Foods’ operating costs
in 2008, largely through efficiencies in transportation and warehousing.
Our Lamb Weston foodservice brand—the largest ConAgra Foods brand—is one of the world’s leading producers of frozen potatoes, appetizers and vegetables. Our partnerships with foodservice customers around the globe bring consumers on all seven continents Lamb Weston products at their favorite restaurants, from french fries to Sweet Things sweet potato products to gourmet-breaded and internationally flavored Tantalizers World Rings.
With a leaner and stronger mix of businesses and brands, we have considerable clout across categories.
GAINING FOCUS TO GET RESULTS
Making sure our portfolio of products is one that consumers can count on—and one that is capable of driving sustainable, profitable growth—took some work. We’ve divested businesses
over the last three years, shedding commodity-oriented pieces such as refrigerated meats. Plus,
in June 2008, we sold our segment that traded commodities for profit. And, we divested small, non- strategic brands, such as Knott’s Berry Farm jams and jellies, when it made economic sense for us.
With a leaner and stronger mix of businesses and brands, we have considerable clout across categories. For instance, with Orville Redenbacher’s and ACT II, we’re number one in popcorn. Hunt’s and Ro*Tel lead the way in canned tomatoes, with Hunt’s diced tomatoes increasing sales 19 percent and share 3 percent in fiscal ’08. PAM is the category leader in cooking spray; likewise, Egg Beaters in the liquid eggs category. And in the frozen aisle alone, we sold $1.7 billion of Healthy Choice, Banquet, Marie Callender’s and Kid Cuisine products in fiscal ’08.
Our Lamb Weston business is one of North America’s leading producers of frozen potato products, and we strengthened our position in fiscal ’08 with 11.7 percent sales growth. Lamb Weston is our biggest brand, with Lamb Weston french fries served at America’s drive-through windows and in restaurants across the country.
Lamb Weston led an outstanding year for our Food & Ingredients segment, with segment operating profit increasing 17.7 percent and sales growing 20.7 percent. At 35 percent of our ongoing food-only portfolio’s fiscal 2008 sales, the top- and bottom-line impact of these businesses continues to be important.
Behind the power of these brands, we’re confident we have the focus and the strength to deliver on our first Must Do for 2009: Proactively manage net pricing to combat inflation.
     2 CONAGRA FOODS INC. 2008 ANNUAL REPORT

      FOCUS ON
Hunt’s leads the way in canned tomatoes, with Hunt’s diced tomatoes increasing sales 19 percent and share 3 percent in fiscal 2008.
  FOOD
   Cod with soba noodles in a spicy tomato broth, featuring Hunt’s petite diced tomatoes
Recipe available at simpleanddelicious.com

        Brand-new Healthy Choice Fresh Mixers are the first shelf- stable, microwaveable meals to combine fresh, restaurant- quality taste with the nutrition of Healthy Choice.
FOCUS ON
   INNOVATION
    Healthy Choice Fresh Mixers Rotini & Zesty Marinara Sauce
Available in stores this fall

 When it comes to product innovation, focus really does matter. Rather than focus on line extensions—different varieties of the same product—across our brands, we’ve concentrated on breakthrough technologies and platform innovations. We believe creating bigger innovations faster provides a much better return on our investment than hundreds of small and short-lived product extensions.
There is no better example of this approach than Healthy Choice Café Steamers meals, which hit the market in fiscal 2008 and rang up $100 million in sales their first year. This revolutionary way of cooking meals in the microwave proved that we can make extremely convenient, healthful food taste like a meal you’d order at your favorite restaurant.
Using new technology to create breakthrough taste is also the premise behind our next big innovation from Healthy Choice: Fresh Mixers. Like Café Steamers, Healthy Choice Fresh Mixers meals are driven by consumer desires for unprecedented levels of convenience, taste and nutrition wrapped into one main dish. And, while Healthy Choice is a staple in the frozen aisle, consumers are looking for portability for other occasions—so we’ve invented the first shelf-stable, microwaveable meal that combines unparalleled fresh taste with the nutrition standards of Healthy Choice.
Beginning this fall, consumers can pick up Healthy Choice Fresh Mixers to take to work and enjoy right out of the microwave at lunch time—no need for a freezer or refrigerator. What’s more, technology that consumers love with Café Steamers is also behind Fresh Mixers. It’s just one more example of how we’re using big, focused innovation to create platforms that have a competitive advantage.
We also began looking far beyond our own walls for innovation in 2008. Every innovation is driven by an insight into consumer behavior and desires. And to meet consumer needs, we’re leaving no stone unturned—which can result in creative partnerships like the one we established recently with Procter & Gamble. This agreement will add fuel to the innovation fire at ConAgra Foods through our access to P&G’s unique, nutrition-enhancing food technologies, as well as its packaging capabilities.
Those are just a couple of examples of how we’re using innovation to drive sustainable growth. Many more new products hit the market in 2008, such as Egg Beaters with Yolk, Orville Redenbacher’s Natural popcorn and Hunt’s Fire Roasted diced tomatoes, and our innovation pipeline is filling up faster than ever.
FOCUS ON REWIRING AND ATTACKING COSTS
Creating new connections went far beyond innovation in 2008. We continued to retool linkages within our business—from systems to structures—to improve productivity and execution. We significantly strengthened our marketing center of excellence, giving us even more confidence
in our ability to drive demand for our products. We flawlessly integrated SAP modules into
our operations in 2008, with improved organizational effectiveness following our multi-stage implementation. And we saved more than $240 million in Consumer Foods’ operating costs in 2008, largely through efficiencies in transportation and warehousing.
Improvements like that are particularly critical in our fight against surging input costs. Having the right wiring is at the top of our list of strategies for attacking costs and eliminating waste—whether that waste is raw materials or the time and energy of talented individuals inside our company.
We also made big progress on taking non-productive work out of our company by putting process improvement front and center in 2008. Within our supply chain, we continued an aggressive drive to establish a more effective manufacturing network. While that transformation led to some short-term service issues, by the end of fiscal 2008, those issues had been corrected. For example, our case-fill rate now meets industry standards for strong customer service, meaning we’re delivering the products our customers want, when they want them.
HE
   H
E
E
A
AL
LT
TH
HY
YC
C
H
H
O
O
I
IC
CE
  CONAGRA FOODS INC. 2008 ANNUAL REPORT
5
Healthy Choice Café Steamers hit the market in fiscal 2008 and rang up $100 million in sales in their first year, behind a revolutionary new cooking method.

   THE BIG PICTURE
Our new front-of-pack visual nutrition guide gives consumers clear and simple information aligned with the U.S. government’s MyPyramid.
Attacking costs is a Must Do that is critically aligned with superior quality and service. By making strategically focused investments, we are driving out costs and raising our levels of quality and service at the same time.
During 2008, we invested approximately $100 million in infrastructure improvements focused directly on improving the quality of our products and our ability to serve our customers. We also invested substantially in developing products that help consumers improve their quality of life, with programs such as Start Making Choices. Our innovation and nutritional technology investments have a quality focus—specifically, we have improved the nutritional profiles of thousands of products by reducing sodium and fat, and by adding whole grains.
In fact, by December 2007, our work to reduce sodium in ConAgra Foods products had removed about 2.8 million pounds—that’s 1,400 tons—of salt from Americans’ diets annually. From Banquet to Chef Boyardee to Orville Redenbacher’s, we’ve reduced sodium by 15 percent to 30 percent without compromising great taste.
Beyond the products themselves, we made quality improvements in our packaging. First, we introduced a unique way to help consumers make better-informed food choices to improve their diet and health. Our new front-of-pack visual nutrition guide makes it easier for consumers to satisfy dietary recommendations made by the U.S. government, and the revamped packaging is now on store
      EGG BEATERS
We unscrambled the puzzle of even better-tasting liquid eggs in 2008 with the launch of Egg Beaters with Yolk. Beyond the health benefits, consumers said Egg Beaters with Yolk tasted better and looked better than shell eggs.
shelves for hundreds of our products. Second, we are taking waste out of our packaging materials and using more environmentally friendly materials. For example, our Hunt’s ketchup bottles are now 12 percent lighter, which saves on shipping costs, and they are more environmentally friendly, due to the use of an award-winning sustainable packaging material.
We also took industry-leading, unprecedented steps in creating food safety protocols. Undertaking a top-to-bottom review of our practices, we have raised the bar on food safety, not
just within our company, but within the industry. Beyond improving our manufacturing procedures, we created greater clarity in cooking instructions. We led our industry’s first collaboration with the microwave oven industry and retailers to combat the undercooking of products. We furthered the education of thousands of employees in our plants on food safety and quality. We partnered with leading scientific experts—all to learn everything we can about making the safest food. We know we have millions of consumers counting on us every day, and we are committed to upholding their trust.
6 CONAGRA FOODS INC. 2008 ANNUAL REPORT

        FOCUS ON
ConAgra Mills worked with Papa John’s in using Ultragrain to create the first 100 percent whole-wheat pizza crust offered by a national pizza chain.
 SERVICE & QUALITY
     
       Hebrew National all-beef kosher franks are known for their quality and purity—a differentiating factor that consumers are willing to pay more for. In 2008, Hebrew National net sales grew 15 percent, volume grew
9 percent and share grew 1.9 points or 12 percent, despite higher retail prices reflecting our increased input costs.
FOCUS ON
    CONSUMERS
      
 An intense focus on the consumer is at the heart of
all of our work in innovation, manufacturing, marketing and selling. And in communicating directly with our consumers, our brands use insights to connect on an individual basis, helping create a strong, lasting bond.
Hunt’s is a great example of a brand reinvigorating those bonds. An iconic brand in canned tomatoes, Hunt’s has been in American pantries for more than 100 years. But without communicating its benefits, this half-a-billion-dollar-brand wasn’t growing share.
That changed in 2008 with the insight that the Hunt’s tomato consumer is very focused on quality—an attribute the brand can own in its category. All canned tomatoes are not created equally, a point we began to help consumers understand through print, online and television messaging. The result? Hunt’s canned tomatoes sales are growing, gaining share, and driving category expansion.
To help our retail customers grow, we leverage key insights about shoppers. For example, shopper insights guided the creation of an innovative product display rack for convenience stores, resulting in six times as many display racks with our snack products versus fiscal ’07. This helped drive significant growth in the distribution and sales of our snack brands, such as Slim Jim meat snacks and DAVID seeds in the important convenience store channel.
Helping our commercial customers grow through insights is a key platform, too. In fiscal 2008, we helped McDonald’s launch its first new national breakfast item since 2003: the McSkillet Burrito, featuring a blend of our Gilroy Foods & Flavors spices and Controlled Moisture Fire-Roasted grilled red and green bell peppers and onions, and our Lamb Weston potatoes. Our team helped McDonald’s develop the new hand-held item to capture the growing consumer trend of eating breakfast on
the go. McDonald’s is ConAgra Foods’ biggest foodservice customer, and we are one of McDonald’s top 10 global suppliers, building on a relationship that has lasted more than 50 years.
ALEXIA—
A NATURAL LEADER
In fiscal 2008, we purchased Alexia Foods, maker of premium all-natural and organic frozen potato products, appetizers and artisan breads. Alexia’s frozen potatoes are the leader
in the natural frozen potato category meeting the growing consumer desire for natural products.
THE GOOD STUFF
The new McSkillet Burrito features a blend of our Gilroy Foods & Flavors spices and Controlled Moisture Fire-Roasted grilled red and green
bell peppers and onions, and our Lamb Weston potatoes.
       CONAGRA FOODS INC. 2008 ANNUAL REPORT
9

                                We are investing in the future of our communities through giving that is dedicated to fighting child hunger and improving nutrition education.
Our focus on people in 2008 was all about investing in the future, but taking action—and getting good results—right now.
Here’s how:
• In fiscal 2008, we invested more time, expertise and money into learning and development for
our employees than ever before, at all levels, from our leadership excellence series to first-time
supervisor training to food safety training.
• Because of our ongoing work in learning and development, we were able to increase our
“hiring and promoting from within” rate by 13 percent.
• We kicked off a companywide approach to wellness, including health risk assessments,
health savings accounts and incentives for building healthier lives. Better health care plan designs and a focus on prevention helped hold our rate of increase in health care claim costs—for our company and for our employees—far below the U.S. average.
• We began to create a more diverse and inclusive work environment and made significant progress in hiring minorities in professional roles and increasing our business with minority- and women-owned suppliers.
• And all of this helped us continue our success in employee engagement, with survey scores improving yet again and outpacing the high-performing company norm.
Our focus on people extends beyond the workplace. We are investing in the future of our communities through giving that is dedicated to fighting hunger and improving nutrition education. Each year, 12.6 million children in America go hungry—that’s one in six kids who don’t get the right nutrients to lead active, healthful lives. In 2008, we celebrated a 15-year partnership with America’s Second Harvest, the largest network of food banks in the nation, by expanding our program support to get food to more people who need it. We also began a new partnership with Share Our Strength on a groundbreaking nutrition education program that teaches families how to prepare healthful, tasty meals on a limited budget. By nourishing kids today, we are giving them a chance to flourish tomorrow.
FOCUS ON TODAY
Like our theme for philanthropic giving—nourish today, flourish tomorrow—we are extremely focused on executing in the here and now. Of course, we have set our sights on what it will take to succeed both in today’s world and in the marketplace of the future, but executing according to our plans in fiscal 2009 is critical to reaching our long-term goals. Our rallying cry for this year is “Game On”—and we are absolutely committed to delivering.
We did learn a lot in fiscal 2008, and we have already seen success from applying those lessons. The potential of ConAgra Foods is still in front of us. There is much to believe in. First and foremost,
I believe we have more opportunity to grow and succeed than almost any other company in our industry. I believe that because we have the right brands, products, people and innovation to do it, especially now, when consumers have a growing need for good food and good nutrition at a fair price. That’s our sweet spot, and it’s time to deliver.
Fiscal 2009 will be the year we can show we’ve come together as one true operating company in our drive for sustainable, profitable growth for our shareholders. Thank you for your belief in us, and thank you for your investment in our future.
Sincerely,
Gary M. Rodkin
Chief Executive Officer
      SHINE THE LIGHT
ON HUNGER
During the holiday season, ConAgra Foods built an ice skating rink in front of its headquarters and donated all of the proceeds to area food banks to “Shine the Light on Hunger.”
 10 CONAGRA FOODS INC. 2008 ANNUAL REPORT
