Fellow Shareholders
FY14 was a combination of progress and challenges for ConAgra Foods. Importantly, it was our first full fiscal year integrating and operating the Ralcorp business, a transformative acquisition we completed in FY13. While our overall comparable EPS of $2.171 was short of our original goal due to challenges in each of our segments, we made progress in a number of areas, and we have important profit improvement initiatives under way to improve results for FY15 and beyond.
In FY14, we:
• Generated in excess of $1.5 billion in cash flows from operations.
• Repaid over $600 million of debt and are on track
to achieve our debt repayment goals by the end of FY15.
• Generated significant productivity, synergies and other savings which more than offset inflation.
There’s nothing more important to me than ensuring we drive improvement in our ongoing operations, and we have a tremendous amount of companywide engagement, resources and energy devoted to generating better results.
In FY14, our short-term issues mainly stemmed from two factors: weak volumes in our Consumer Foods business and profit pressures in our Private Brands operations.
Within the Consumer Foods portfolio, a few challenged brands weighed on overall volume. We have specific plans in place and believe we will see better overall performance on the top and bottom line from these brands in FY15. While branded packaged food is experiencing low growth in the marketplace, we are confident we will gain share in important categories
in FY15.
In our Private Brands segment, FY14 was a year of integrating the Ralcorp operations and leveraging our capabilities to become more effective and efficient. We gained many insights during the past year, and we are now much better positioned to grow in FY15 and beyond.
During FY14, our Lamb Weston potato products business, which is the biggest part of our Commercial Foods segment, was challenged by a large customer transition and suboptimal potato crop. Despite these challenges, Lamb Weston continued as a good performer, with double-digit international growth.
Following the close of FY14, the Ardent Mills joint venture, comprised in part by our former ConAgra Mills business, was formed. I am confident our 44 percent interest in Ardent Mills will be a long-term strategic win that will enhance our shareholder value over time. Over the long term, we expect good accretion from this important portfolio move, making this a financially and strategically sound transaction for our company.
Looking forward, in addition to stabilizing our Private Brands operations and executing specific plans to grow our Consumer Foods business, we’re continuing our cost- reduction work across the company. We expect to achieve total synergies and productivity of $350 to $375 million in FY15, to offset inflation and drive margin improvement.
The savings and improved effectiveness across our company are foundational and an important source of confidence in our EPS outlook. We expect to deliver mid-single digit comparable EPS growth in FY15 and high-single digit annual comparable EPS growth in FY16 and FY17. Importantly, we plan to continue the $1 per share annual dividend to our shareholders and are committed to maintaining our strong dividend policy as we move forward.
We’re confident we’ve established a more value-focused and competitive portfolio well positioned for growth in today’s marketplace. The private brand growth opportunities are compelling — this is a market segment that over the past five years has grown twice as fast as branded food because it is increasingly relevant to our customers and consumers and is under-developed in the U.S. Our operating capabilities are considerable, and with our unmatched scale and mix of branded, private brand and commercial food, we can help customers across a broad spectrum of channels grow their top and bottom lines.
While FY14 wasn’t the year we wanted, we are taking
the lessons we’ve learned and using them to create an even more progressive, stable and successful ConAgra Foods for the long term. Thank you for your continued support.
Sincerely,
Gary M. Rodkin
Chief Executive Officer
  1 Reflects diluted earnings per share from continuing operations, adjusted for items impacting comparability. This non-GAAP (Generally Accepted Accounting Principles) financial measure is reconciled to the most directly comparable measure, as reported in accordance with GAAP on page 109 of this annual report, and should be viewed in addition to, and not in place of, the company’s financial measures, as calculated in accordance with GAAP.
