Fellow Shareholders
Fiscal 2016 was a year of transformation and positive results
for ConAgra Foods. We are building a higher-margin, more contemporary and higher-performing company for the long-term, and doing so has required us to make fundamental changes to
the way we operate. The ConAgra Foods team took aggressive steps to implement changes in fiscal 2016 that are enabling us to become a more focused food company, with the discipline and performance orientation we need to succeed. We have much more to do to fully optimize our business, and we are hard at work to unlock shareholder value. I’m pleased to share some of the highlights from the last twelve months.
We made bold changes to our portfolio, including the sale of the private label business to TreeHouse Foods and agreements to divest two smaller, non-core businesses, Spicetec Flavors & Seasonings and JM Swank. We also announced our plans to separate ConAgra Foods into two publicly traded, pure-play companies, one comprising our robust consumer portfolio of diverse and leading brands and the other comprising our market–leading foodservice portfolio of innovative frozen potato products. The collective
impact of these transactions will be sharpened focus, the ability to better concentrate our resources, and greater flexibility for these businesses to capitalize on their unique growth opportunities.
We are implementing a major cost-reduction program designed to realize at least $300 million of efficiency benefits by the end of fiscal 2018. This will be done through a combination of reductions in SG&A and enhancements to trade spend processes and tools.
In addition, we launched our new Growth Center of Excellence, which encompasses our insights, research and development, and marketing teams. Our new innovation processes are taking hold and we are continuing to build a pipeline of exciting new offerings. Recently, we launched many on-trend products, including a
range of Healthy Choice® Café Steamers organic entrees, three new USDA-certified organic tomato offerings from the Hunt’s® brand, and Peter Pan® Simply GroundTM. We also announced that all currently in-market offerings in our Alexia® branded line of products will be non-GMO by the end of 2016.
We’ve also taken bold steps to transform our culture this past year, including moving into our new headquarters in Chicago’s iconic Merchandise Mart. Our new space was selected specifically to enable greater collaboration across our teams while enhancing our ability to attract and retain top talent. Some things, however, have remained constant. ConAgra Foods has continued our commitment to corporate citizenship. During fiscal 2016, we were named to the prestigious Dow Jones Sustainability Index for the fifth consecutive year.
But with all of the change underway at ConAgra Foods during fiscal 2016, we never lost sight of our financial commitments to shareholders.
Financial Highlights:
• Diluted comparable EPS1 for fiscal 2016 was $2.08, compared
to $1.93 in fiscal 2015, which included an extra week. On a GAAP basis, diluted EPS from continuing operations was $1.09, compared with $1.73 in the prior year.
• Wegeneratedmorethan$1billionincashflowsfromoperations.
• Totaloperatingprofitforoursegmentswas$1.7billionthisyear
versus last year’s $1.6 billion, a 5.3% increase.
• Werepaidapproximately$2.5billionofdebt.
Our Consumer Foods team was focused on three imperatives
in fiscal 2016: expanding margins, improving brand health and delivering more consistent performance. The team aggressively executed against these imperatives during the year, and delivered margin expansion and profit growth. The team’s success was enabled by smarter resource allocation, driven by portfolio segmentation and a focus on building a higher quality investment- grade volume base, as well as favorable commodity input costs. This focus meant walking away from less profitable volume during the year, and accepting an overall segment sales decline. However, this was both expected and planned.
Importantly, the work completed in fiscal 2016 has strengthened the health of our business. Our volume base is improved and we have begun strategically supporting those brands that are ready for increased advertising and promotion activity. In addition, our supply chain efficiency has grown, and we have become more effective in pricing, mix management and trade promotion productivity.
We made tremendous progress in reigniting our operating performance during fiscal 2016. For the full fiscal year, comparable operating margin1 for Consumer Foods grew to just under
17%, almost a 200 basis point improvement over last year, and comparable operating profit grew1 7% to $1.2 billion. Overall, this was a very strong performance by the team.
Every business in our Commercial Foods segment performed for shareholders in fiscal 2016. Overall net sales in the segment were approximately $4.4 billion, up slightly from the prior year, and the segment’s operating profit was approximately $630 million, up nearly 12%.
The largest component of the segment, Lamb Weston, had a terrific year. We continue to see significant opportunities to drive growth across the Lamb Weston business, supported by food- away-from home trends in the U.S. and growing demand for frozen potato products in emerging markets. As a result, we announced an important investment in our Richland, Washington potato processing facility, expanding our production capacity available for both domestic and export markets. We also announced an exciting investment in Russia by our Lamb Weston Meijer joint venture.
I’m confident that these investments will enhance our ability to capitalize on the increasing consumer demand for value-added frozen potato products domestically and abroad.
In close, I want to acknowledge the dedication and passion of our talented team as we work to transform ConAgra Foods into a stronger, more consistent company. I’m proud of the way our people have embraced the changes needed to drive value and serve our customers and shareholders.
Thank you for your continued support of ConAgra Foods. Sincerely,
SeanM.Connolly
President and Chief Executive Officer
 1 Reflects diluted earnings per share from continuing operations, Consumer segment operating profit and Consumer segment operating margin, each as adjusted for items impacting comparability. These non-GAAP (Generally Accepted Accounting Principles) financial measures are reconciled to the most directly comparable measures, as reported in accordance with GAAP on page 107 of this annual report and should be viewed in addition to, and not in place of, the company’s financial measures, as calculated in accordance with GAAP.
