Dear Shareholders

of Cardinal Health:
Fiscal 2014 was an enormously important year for Cardinal Health. Our organization exceeded its financial goals for the year along multiple dimensions: revenue, gross margin dollars, non-GAAP operating earnings, operating margin rate and cash flow. Of particular note, we were able to absorb a revenue headwind of nearly $17 billion due to the fiscal year 2014 first quarter expiration of the Walgreens contract and still grow our non-GAAP earnings over the prior year. At the same time, we have been able to enhance our market position, deploy capital efficiently and continue to grow the talent so critical to our future. Equally important, we begin our fiscal 2015 stronger and better positioned than ever to address the needs of a healthcare system looking for solutions to two very basic questions. First, how do we deliver better care more cost-effectively? And, second, who are those industry players who listen and act to bring innovative solutions to the table? Answering these questions is at the heart of what we do. Our team has approached this recognizing that we need to compete and win, every day in today's marketplace, while at the same time making the important moves to adapt to a changing healthcare environment. You could make a strong argument that this has been a transition year for the industry as well. It's been an extraordinary 12 months, particularly here in the U.S. Last fall, we saw the first rollout of the exchanges under the Affordable Care Act, and, throughout the year, our system continued to explore different models for providing coverage for patients, delivering care and managing costs. We saw consumers playing a more active role in their own healthcare, much of this fueled by the impact of changing healthcare benefit design. And we saw some medical breakthroughs that expanded our system's capacity to manage and even cure disease, but also test our ability or readiness to pay for that innovation. At the same time, we saw clear signs of an industry actively repositioning and consolidating upstream among pharmaceutical and medical device manufacturers, as well as downstream among providers and health systems; and, we saw a continued blurring of the lines that delineated what used to be distinct segments of the healthcare market. This has certainly been a year of transition.

Fiscal 2014 performance overview
With that as context, I'll review our performance in fiscal 2014. As I mentioned, fiscal year 2014 required some major transitions for Cardinal Health after the expiration of the Walgreens contract, and given this headwind, I am particularly pleased with our results. Our revenues for the year, excluding Walgreens, grew 8 percent, fueled primarily by strong growth from existing customers. Our reported revenues, including the impact from Walgreens for the year, declined by 10 percent to $91.1 billion. Non-GAAP operating earnings rose 4 percent to $2.1 billion, while non-GAAP diluted earnings per share were $3.84, up 3 percent. And our gross margin rate expanded by 80 basis points to 5.7 percent for the year. Our team continued to drive capital efficiency this year, generating $2.5 billion in cash from operations. We returned more than $1.1 billion to shareholders in fiscal 2014, through both our strong dividend and share buybacks, and I'm very pleased that we were able to provide our investors with a total shareholder return of 46.7 percent for the year.

George S. Barrett Chairman and CEO Cardinal Health, Inc.

1 See page 6 for a reconciliation of the differences between the non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures.

Pharmaceutical Segment highlights
Our Pharmaceutical Segment more than met the challenge associated with the Walgreens contract expiration, actually delivering a profit increase while absorbing that $17 billion revenue headwind. It's worth noting that the rate of revenue growth excluding Walgreens would have been a robust 8 percent for our Pharmaceutical Segment. Our overall Pharmaceutical Segment profit margin expanded almost 30 basis points for the year. And we made some very critical advances in our key strategic priorities. There is little doubt that generic drugs will continue to be a significant lever in holding down prescription drug costs in most markets around the world. Current data suggests that generics now represent more than 85 percent of prescriptions in the United States. We have significantly increased our scale in generics through our various internal and external moves, most notably our joint venture with CVS Caremark, now named Red Oak Sourcing. We are extremely excited about our progress in getting to a "go live" with Red Oak, which was formalized in July 2014. CVS Caremark has been a terrific partner throughout the process. As we have worked through the details in our preparation for the launch, our enthusiasm has only increased. We have assembled a talented team, with both Cardinal Health and CVS Caremark well represented. Our teams have put in the hard work to manage through all of the intricate details so we can go to the manufacturers with one face and as one decision maker. We feel confident that our participation in Red Oak will ensure that Cardinal Health is in the best position to serve our diverse mix of customers in this competitive landscape. Diversifying our customer base has been a priority. We've continued to grow our position with independent pharmacies and other pharmacy channels over the year. Our portfolio of solutions for these customers has never been more comprehensive, and the response of retailers has never been more enthusiastic. Our focus remains to help these critical members of the healthcare system improve patient care, broaden their products and services, and increase the efficiency and profitability of their businesses. At the same time, our ability to serve hospital and health systems with pharmaceutical products continues to strengthen, including some of the important work we are doing with our clinical pharmacy teams to help with discharge management. Specialty medicine and the services surrounding these innovations continue to play an increasingly large role in our healthcare landscape and, of course, for Cardinal Health. During fiscal 2014, we were able to deliver a 30 percent revenue growth in the Specialty Solutions Group. We have expanded our presence in specialty biopharmaceuticals, particularly in building out our tools to interface with patients who need to be served in an integrated and high-touch model. This enables us to serve the providers of care to these unique patient populations and also to capture value as a partner to biopharmaceutical companies who seek to get closer to the patient. To support this program, we established a best-in-class, patient-centric hub with the acquisition of Sonexus Health in the third quarter of fiscal year 2014. This platform and experienced team is an important step to position Cardinal Health to assist in these efforts and to deliver value-added services.

View our digital report to shareholders at www.cardinalhealth.com/annualreport 2

Medical Segment highlights
Medical Segment fiscal year 2014 revenues grew 9 percent; segment profit margin rate expanded by 35 basis points; and, segment profit grew 19 percent. The delivery of medical care has been undergoing fairly rapid change, and the work of our Medical Segment has been focused on aligning to address the evolution in the system. Recently, we formalized some adaptations to these changes, launching a team-based approach to addressing the needs of large, integrated delivery networks (IDNs). These are not sales teams, but rather business and system experts who are charged with delivering the full range and breadth of the Cardinal Health portfolio to address the complex needs of these diverse customers. As I mentioned earlier, we have seen consolidation among hospital systems, continued affiliation between doctors and those systems, and some shifting sand as it relates to where care is delivered. On this last point, while the sickest patients will continue to be served in acute care settings, it's clear that many patients with lower acuity will be served in different settings -- whether that's a community hospital, a surgery center, a clinic, a physician's office or even the home. This has been at the heart of our strategy to serve patients across the continuum of care. In this context, the March 2013 acquisition of AssuraMed, the leading distributor of direct-to-home medical supplies, has been an important extension of our strategy. It has significantly increased our touch points and created opportunities in a market that is growing an estimated 5 to 7 percent per year. Most important for Cardinal Health, it's increasing our direct linkages with chronic patients. As we indicated at the time of the acquisition, we intended to increase the AssuraMed portfolio. We have, in fact, broadened the product line as well as increased the number of Cardinal Health branded products to this important channel of the home. All told, we are extremely pleased with the progress here and the fact that AssuraMed exceeded our articulated full- year, non-GAAP earnings per share accretion target of $0.18 per share. Our medical consumables business has represented an opportunity to use our scale to bring significant savings to the healthcare system while at the same time expanding our margins. Our consumables business grew faster than the market this year, driven by share gains from new private label product launches, new channel penetration and growth within our strategic accounts. We saw full year sales growth of 6 percent and launched over 500 new SKUs. During this past year, we have seen the challenges many of our hospital, IDN and surgery center customers face in managing physician preference items. These categories tend to consume resources and, from our perspective, represent an inefficiency. We have recognized an opportunity to bring standardization and, with that, real-time value to this system. We have positioned ourselves to address some critical pain points building platforms in orthopedic, wound management and -- with our third quarter acquisition of AccessClosure Inc. -- interventional cardiology.

China
China has continued to be an outstanding growth story for us. In 2014, we grew revenues by 30 percent, reaching $2.6 billion. We continue to build strong relationships with biopharmaceutical and medical device companies at a time when company reputation is particularly important. We've expanded our geographic footprint and our lines of business, which now include 30 direct-to-patient pharmacies focused on specialized pharmaceutical products.

Fiscal Year 2015 outlook
As we leave fiscal year 2014 and turn to our fiscal year 2015, we begin the year with increased scale in generics, a more robust specialty business, a reconfigured customer and product portfolio, some important solution offerings for the medical system, the flexibility that comes with financial strength, a deep bench of organizational talent and a sense of confidence for the future. Most important, we believe our strategic priorities align with the needs of a healthcare system experiencing rapid change, including new performance-based models, a new world of bundled risk, changing network design, accountable care organizations and a more involved patient acting more like a consumer.

3

In appreciation
I'd like to express my appreciation to our outstanding board of directors for its guidance and relentless focus on shareholder value. We welcomed Patricia Hemingway Hall to our board this year. Pat brings years of leadership and experience in the healthcare payor community and in guiding large and complex organizations. We are excited that Pat has joined us, and she is already making great contributions to our company. We are also extremely pleased to welcome Dave Anderson to our board of directors. Dave has a distinguished career across multiple industries and has been recognized by investors and peers as one of the most accomplished and influential CFOs in the global business community. After more than 20 years of service to Cardinal Health, John Finn has decided to retire from our board. In his role as independent lead director over the past five years, John has been a great partner to me. John's tremendous business instincts, extensive experience with Cardinal Health and uncanny ability to bring out the best in each director has had a major impact on the course of Cardinal Health. We will miss John's regular presence at our meetings but wish him all the best going forward. We are pleased that Greg Kenny will serve as our independent lead director. Greg has demonstrated extraordinary wisdom during his tenure serving on our board of directors. Finally, I report with sadness the passing of Glenn Britt. Glenn served as the chair of our audit committee and was a deeply engaged director for Cardinal Health. Glenn was a man of tremendous talent but also one of unusual humility. All of us will miss his quick mind and his insightful counsel, as well as his friendship. Our CFO, Jeff Henderson, announced his plans to retire next August, after the completion of fiscal year 2015. He has been a terrific partner in helping shape the direction and the performance of Cardinal Health over the past decade. I'm thankful for his many contributions and wish him all the best for the future. To our business partners, manufacturers, providers and caregivers -- those who directly touch patients -- we thank you for putting your trust in us and for allowing us to help you serve your patients. To all of my colleagues at Cardinal Health, my gratitude for your talents, your spirit and your readiness to respond to important challenges and to do so with your eyes always on the patient. And to our shareholders -- we appreciate your support and your high expectations. We are proud, and feel very privileged to be part of the healthcare system. We are dedicated to bringing the highest quality and cost-effectiveness to our customers and to patients.

Sincerely,

George Barrett Chairman and CEO

4

