                                           To Our Fellow Shareholders
Cardinal Health continued to distinguish itself financially, operationally, and strategically in fiscal 1999—it was another outstanding year for our company.
 Cardinal Health delivered another excellent year for its shareholders. Our passion for performance in health care
resulted in superior financial results— results that stand out in our industry and among public companies in general. In addition, we successfully completed significant strategic initiatives that position us well to expand on our leadership position.
Our success is a direct reflection
of the skills, experience and commitment
of our people. Their unique bias for
action and commitment to the highest
quality customer service yields consistently outstanding financial results and gains for investors, including the 14th highest 10-year (1988–1998) return to shareholders among all Fortune 500 corporations.
Just five years ago, we were predominantly a pharma- ceutical wholesaler with 3,500 employees and annual revenues of $5.8 billion. Since then, we have grown to become a Fortune 100 company that is a leading manufacturer of products and provider of services supporting a broad cross section of health care. Our 36,000 associates work on five continents producing annual operating revenues of
$21.5 billion. We are stronger financially and strategically
than we have ever been in our 28-year history.
Our customers today span the health-care continuum— they include retail pharmacies, hospitals and health systems; drug and medical-device manufacturers; laboratories, surgery
   centers, cancer-treatment facilities and other providers of health care. Cardinal companies—each a market leader— distribute pharmaceuticals, medical, surgical and laboratory supplies; create and manufacture automated dispensing systems for drugs and supplies; develop drug-delivery tech- nologies that make medicines more effective; manufacture, package and market health-care products; and offer consulting and other services that improve quality and efficiency in health care.
Our strategy is clear. We are a vital component of the health-care continuum, from the creation and development of critically needed health-care products to the provision of prod- ucts and services to those who care for patients. By strategically adding products and services that increase Cardinal’s value to the health-care delivery system, we enjoy greater opportu- nities for growth and a more diversified earnings stream.
Cardinal Health, Inc. 1999 Annual Report 1
Robert D.Walter, chairman and chief executive officer (left) and John C. Kane, president and chief operating officer.

                                          Another Record Year Cardinal Health had an outstanding year both financially and strategically. We achieved financial records across the board—revenues, operating earnings, net earnings, and returns on capital and shareholders’ equity all hit new highs. We produced this strong growth while generating impressive operating cash flow of $346 million. Importantly,
the company’s growth was balanced across all three of our business segments—pharmaceutical distribution, pharmaceu- tical services, and medical-surgical products— each of which grew operating earnings by more than 20 percent during the year. Each segment also produced record revenues, operating earnings, and returns in fiscal 1999. Cardinal associates are growing our businesses by working together to offer an unequaled breadth of products, programs and services that customers need, want and value.
Simply stated, Cardinal’s financial formula is
designed to produce high-quality growth. While
it sounds easy, achieving our financial objectives
requires considerable operating discipline and
financial focus. We strive to grow sales faster than
our markets, grow operating earnings faster than
sales and grow net earnings faster than operating earnings. We are disciplined in our use of capital and consequently drive higher returns on investment. Our approach has produced consistently excellent performance at Cardinal, including reported earnings per share growth of 20 percent or more for the past 12 years.
Cardinal also carried out numerous strategic initiatives
in fiscal 1999. During the year, we completed a remarkable
12 acquisitions, including our two largest mergers ever—R.P. Scherer Corporation and Allegiance Corporation, both of which share our passion for performance. The remaining acquisitions were important product and service extensions for Cardinal’s existing businesses. We’re very pleased with the positive contributions these acquisitions have made to Cardinal already.
R.P. Scherer is a drug-delivery firm that serves pharma- ceutical companies. It is the No. 1 producer of soft gelatin
capsules such as Advil® Liqui-GelsTM, and its newest innovation is Zydis®, a unique, patented technology that produces phar- maceutical wafers such as Claritin® RediTabs® that dissolve on the tongue in seconds without water. Allegiance is the nation’s premier manufacturer and distributor of medical, surgical and laboratory products and services. Allegiance now comprises about a quarter of our total sales and a third of our earnings.
We completed other important strategic initiatives during the year as well. We established Cardinal OneSourceSM, a group of Cardinal companies marketed together with offerings for drug makers, and expanded Cardinal OneSource to include contract manufacturing and contract sales capabilities. Following our merger with Allegiance, we created a corporate sales organization to facilitate joint-selling by Cardinal companies,
representing our combined portfolio of products and services for hospitals and health-care networks. At Pyxis, we introduced a number of significant new automated medication and supply dispensing systems, the result of our considerable efforts and investment in research and develop- ment. At R.P. Scherer, we continued to invest in
facilities and expand our pharmaceutical-development pipeline. Our investments in information systems, both internally and
for our customers, also were considerable, including new web-based products for our hospital and retail customers.
Unless noted otherwise, the following discussion excludes special charges.
Higher Sales and Earnings In fiscal 1999, Cardinal produced strong earnings gains and extended its 12-year succession of reported annual growth in earnings per share of 20 percent or more. Cardinal’s results for the year reflect the effective execution of our strategy and growing demand for our unique portfolio of products and services.
For the fiscal year ended June 30, 1999, Cardinal grew operating revenues 19 percent to $21.5 billion from
“Our success is a direct reflection of the skills, experience and commitment of our people.”
 2 Cardinal Health, Inc. 1999 Annual Report

                                          $18.0 billion in the prior year. The company’s operating earnings in fiscal 1999 exceeded $1 billion for the first time, rising 23 percent (faster than revenues) to $1.02 billion.
Net earnings grew faster than operating earnings, as we used our strong operating cash flow to reduce debt and leverage interest expense. Cardinal generated net earnings of $574 million, a 28 percent increase. Earnings per diluted share rose 27 percent to $2.06.
The quality of our earnings growth is reflected in significant improvements in our profitability measures. Operating margin increased 16 basis points to a record 4.77 percent in fiscal 1999, and return on committed capital rose a sharp 280 basis points to a record 29.1 percent. Cardinal’s return on equity climbed 190 basis points to 17.9 percent, also a record. These measures demonstrate the success of our focus
on an increasingly profitable mix of businesses that are enjoying strong demand in a growing health-care marketplace as well as our continued emphasis on improving expense productivity.
In addition to our excellent earnings
performance, Cardinal ended the year with a
very solid balance sheet. The company’s strong equity position of $3.5 billion and low ratio of net debt to total capital of just 24 percent give us exceptional financial flexibility to invest further in our continued growth.
Our Acquisition Philosophy Cardinal has a 20-year history of making successful acquisitions, the product of a rigorous process for evaluating companies, their opportunities and risks. To be right for Cardinal, an acquisition first must link to our strategy of making us more valuable to our customers and creating value for our shareholders. We only consider companies that have leading market positions, have the potential for leader- ship as part of Cardinal, or represent a product- or service-line extension of an existing business. Before making an acquisition, we complete a comprehensive process of due diligence.
Following the transaction, we retain key members of management to assure a smooth integration and future success. Finally, we use our financial strength to invest further in the business.
Tremendous Momentum Cardinal’s outstanding financial performance reflects the company’s focus on health care, which continues to be a rapidly growing market, as well as strong customer demand for our portfolio of leading health-care services. We intend to continue to produce balanced earnings growth, higher operating margins, strong cash flow and rising returns. We intend to invest in the growth of our companies, through internal development and acquisitions that make us more valuable to customers and shareholders.
Cardinal is well positioned strategically with leading companies that work well together, and we have tremendous momentum moving forward. We plan to continue to meet our long-standing objective of growing EPS each year by 20 percent or more.
We go into our new fiscal year with a talented, committed, and highly motivated management team and group of associates.
They are creative problem solvers whose passion for performance drives them to find answers where others only see obstacles. They know that their success is dependent entirely on helping our customers succeed—and that doing so will drive continued excellent shareholder value for many years to come.
Robert D. Walter
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
John C. Kane
President and Chief Operating Officer
“We are stronger financially and strategically than we have ever been in our 28-year history.”
  Cardinal Health, Inc. 1999 Annual Report 3
