      Dear Shareholders
of Cardinal Health:
Fiscal 2013 was an eventful year for all of us at Cardinal Health, a year in which we made great progress on our strategic priorities and accomplished virtually all of our financial goals. Our non-GAAP operating earnings were up 10 percent to $2 billion1. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share from continuing operations, including a favorable tax settlement of $0.18 per share, were $3.73,
up a robust 16 percent.
In addition, our organization did a terrific job of driving capital efficiency, generating $1.7 billion in cash from operations for the year. In fiscal 2013, we returned more than $800 million to shareholders through both our differentiated dividend and share buybacks. We increased our annual dividend rate 27 percent over the past 12 months to $1.21 per share at fiscal year end.
We finished our fiscal 2013 with financial strength, scale, a strong customer and product portfolio, and a deep bench of organizational talent. And we accelerated the strategic repositioning we began several years ago. Based on all of these dimensions, and in a time of great change within the industry, it was an excellent year.
Our strategy aligns with industry trends
Over the past few years, you may have heard me say that healthcare is an incredibly exciting place to be. I feel the same today as we begin another fiscal year, but it is with a clearer sense of what is going to make it exciting.
We are in the early stages of an unprecedented demographic wave, which is bringing nearly 10,000 people per day to eligibility age for Medicare. The fact is that we have an aging population, among which many suffer from at least one chronic illness, and whose life expectancy has already increased by nearly nine years in less than half a century as a result of medical innovation.
The needs of this population will only increase over their lifetime.
We have built our strategies and our actions around five key principles:
1. Demographic, economic and industry forces will require a healthcare system that places a high priority on efficiency and cost effectiveness.
2. Care will need to be more coordinated and delivered in multiple settings, leaning toward those settings that are most cost-effective.
3. People will want and need care in the home, and they will become increasingly knowledgeable and involved in their own healthcare.
4. Our healthcare system not only will need continued innovation of pharmaceutical and medical products, but also cost-effective alternatives to mature products.
5. As parts of the system shift from fee-for-service to payment-for-outcomes, hospitals, Integrated Delivery Networks (IDNs) and providers will increasingly look to partners with specialized expertise in this new environment.
With that as a backdrop, I’ll provide further color on our fiscal 2013 performance.
1See page 12 for a reconciliation of the differences between the non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures.

     Pharmaceutical Segment fiscal 2013 highlights
Revenues for our Pharmaceutical Segment declined, as expected, 7 percent to $91.1 billion due to the expiration of the Express Scripts contract in early fiscal 2013, as well as continued brand-to-generic pharmaceutical conversions. The segment delivered another year of strong profit growth and margin expansion while growing our customer base, expanding our generic programs, and broadening our Specialty offerings to providers, biopharma companies and payors.
Our two largest customer agreements came up for renewal in fiscal 2013 — Walgreens and CVS. In March of 2013, it became clear that we would not renew the agreement to serve Walgreens, set to expire on August 31, 2013. We had
prepared to make the appropriate organizational and strategic adjustments relative to this change, and our organization executed well against these plans. We were, of course, delighted to have renewed our supply agreement with CVS, who remains a very important partner of ours. The resolution of these agreements, combined with other customer renewals and wins and with outstanding work by our Pharmaceutical Distribution team, strengthened and diversified our customer portfolio. We also completed the acquisition and integration of Dik Drug, adding to our independent pharmacy base,
while we strengthened our position with hospital and institutional pharmacies.
We expect pharmaceutical demand to increase in the coming years. This is among the most efficient components of the
U.S. healthcare system, and from a value standpoint, this system gets high returns in outcomes from the 10 percent
of healthcare spend that goes toward drug costs. Clearly, the high utilization of generic drugs in our system is a contributor. Generic drugs are assuming a greater position in the overall pharmaceutical pie with each passing year, now accounting for 83 percent of total U.S. prescriptions.
Our evolving product mix in our Pharmaceutical Segment closely aligns with these trends in the pharmaceutical industry. We’ve grown our position and our scale in generics, and we work closely with generic companies around the world to bring value to them and to the market. This was a strong contributor to our overall Pharmaceutical Segment profit margin expansion of around 30 basis points for fiscal 2013.
At the same time, we realize that an increasing portion of pharmaceutical research and innovation is going into specialty drugs, which address unique medical needs.
Further, biopharmaceutical companies are studying and targeting smaller subsets of patients who need to be served in an integrated and high-touch way. Supporting this, our Specialty Solutions division has continued its steep revenue growth. Our confidence continues to grow that we have a valuable approach to working with providers of care, biopharma companies and payors to encourage that these drugs are delivered and used
in a patient-centered model — and one that acknowledges the need for cost effectiveness.
As the fiscal year ended, it became clear that market demand dynamics for a number of our products in the Nuclear Pharmacy Services division would require a lowering of its future financial outlook and a goodwill impairment charge. That said, it’s important to note that our nuclear division has contributed almost $1.6 billion to the company’s profit over the past decade, and we remain the industry leader in this business. We will continue to work closely with our large and broad base of customers who depend on our radiopharmaceutical products and our expertise in this field.
Medical Segment fiscal 2013 highlights
2013 was a very important year for the Medical Segment.
We took significant steps in repositioning this business to align with the evolving marketplace. This included completing major investments to rebuild our IT infrastructure, reorganizing and redeploying our assets — both human and capital — and ramping up activities in areas of strategic priority. And we completed the very significant acquisition of AssuraMed,
the leading direct-to-home medical supplies distributor.
This enables us, for the first time, to follow the patient to the home. These efforts led to margin expansion of 25 basis points and double-digit segment profit growth for fiscal 2013 for the Medical Segment.
We have been very clear that we place a high priority on anticipating the changes in our marketplace and on
taking the actions necessary to continue to deliver value to hospitals, IDNs and alternate sites of care — as well as to our manufacturer partners.
We reconfigured our go-to-market model and our offerings
in fiscal 2013 so that we can work with medical device and lab equipment companies, and with providers to get products to patients more efficiently, and throughout the continuum of care.
1

    The acquisition of AssuraMed was a major step in that direction. Over time, more care will be delivered in the home. All of us are likely to experience this directly ourselves, or
with members of our family, and integrated healthcare systems and payors alike recognize that patients who are well
cared for at home are less likely to be readmitted to the hospital. The integration is going extremely well, and results are exceeding our expectations.
Our efforts around our preferred product portfolio address the continuing need for lower-cost alternatives to mature medical devices. Our activities in this area accelerated during the year, increasing overall penetration and opening the opportunity for greater growth. This past year, we broadened the reach of the portfolio by adding more than 150 products in nine categories.
China fiscal 2013 highlights
Many of these same healthcare forces are at work in other markets, and we recognize the opportunity to expand our healthcare expertise.
Specifically, in China, we have been using our capabilities, scale and unique value proposition to build a strong and sustainable reputation and enhance our strategic alignment with biopharma and medical device companies — essential to participating successfully, and for the long term, in this rapidly growing healthcare system. This year, our revenues in China grew 45 percent, reaching $2 billion. We are tremendously excited by the opportunities to broaden the scope of our business model to match the needs of that market and to support our manufacturer partners who want to grow their businesses there.
Accelerating the journey
And so we’ve turned the page on fiscal 2013 — a year that was anything but ordinary, a year we regard as an important inflection point in our strategic and competitive positioning. In many ways, the events of 2013 accelerated the journey
we began more than four years ago. This journey was focused on driving balance and growth by diversifying our portfolio of customers, products and channels. This required
expanding into higher-value, higher-margin settings and higher-value, higher-margin products and services, all on
a sustainable foundation that requires rock-solid alignment with our customers.
The progress we have made is significant. Over these past
four years we have increased our base of independent retail customers from 3,800 to nearly 8,000. This has added to and diversified a pharmaceutical business already of enormous scale — we now serve approximately 18,000 retail pharmacies, as well as thousands of hospital and clinic pharmacies in
the U.S. And non-bulk, higher-margin business now represents nearly 70 percent of our total pharmaceutical sales. Very importantly, our generics sales have nearly doubled.
We have increased our position and our service and product offerings in hospitals; clinics; surgery centers; oncology, urology and rheumatology practices; doctors’ offices, and now with the AssuraMed acquisition, the home. For the first time
in our history, wherever healthcare products or services are needed, at any stage of the patient experience, we are there. We have continued to drive a preferred product portfolio in our Medical Segment that addresses our customers’ needs for more cost-effective medical products.
And finally, we have expanded into China, where our unique value proposition allows us to build a strong brand, enhance strategic alignment with biopharma and medical device companies, and participate in a rapidly growing Chinese healthcare system.
Through these efforts, we have grown our non-GAAP EPS at a compounded double-digit rate. We’ve expanded our margin rates and positioned Cardinal Health to create value in an increasingly patient-centered healthcare system. And we have deployed our capital very effectively, balancing investments to sustain the long-term growth of the company with returning capital to shareholders.
2

    Fiscal 2014 — moving forward, stronger
We enter fiscal 2014 with a solid foundation and strong momentum in both of our segments.
For the Pharmaceutical Segment in 2014, we expect revenues to decline, primarily due to the expiration of the Walgreens contract, but our efforts to strengthen the overall portfolio will continue to bear fruit. You will see a continued emphasis on building generic scale and capabilities as
we further enhance our ability to move market share for
our manufacturer partners and to assure best-in-class availability, quality and pricing for our customers. As a result, we look for continued improvement in generics profitability and overall segment margin due to utilization, customer and product mix, and program strength.
We also see opportunities to grow both our specialty
and biopharma businesses through innovation and new business models that create additional value for providers and manufacturers who focus on high-touch, high-cost disease areas. This will include the continued introduction of new technology solutions, such as our Pathware tool that, along with payor and physician collaboration, can create standardized clinical pathways to improve the quality and the cost of caring for patients with complex diseases.
We will continue to strengthen our offerings to our independent pharmacy customers in fiscal 2014. The focus will remain on providing the latest products, tools and technologies available to help these critical members of the healthcare system improve patient care, efficiency and profitability of their businesses. And we will increasingly bring our experience to hospital systems that can benefit from our expertise in clinical pharmacy.
Switching to our Medical Segment, our ability to serve across the continuum of care with a broad line of products and services has never been more important. We are working closely with our diverse set of customers and manufacturers to help them thrive in a changing landscape.
Our preferred products portfolio will be ramping up in
fiscal 2014. You will see accelerated new product introductions designed to bring quality, value and enhanced clinical benefits to our customers throughout the year.
We know there are significant opportunities to increase our services to hospitals, ambulatory settings and the home. And we will be aggressively pursuing the cross-enterprise opportunities that leverage the AssuraMed acquisition and our supply chain management expertise.
We will continue to grow internationally. China, in particular, is
a market with enormous potential. We look for another year of strong revenue and profit growth as we continue to expand our geographic footprint and add new business partnerships and programs in areas such as consumer health and direct-to-patient distribution. As we continue to grow our “direct-to-patient” specialty pharmacy business there, our brand will become more important not only to healthcare providers but to consumers as well. We believe we have already built strong equity as a trusted partner — a partner who can offer strong and compliant business practices that are critical in this transforming marketplace.
A thank you
As I end this letter, I want to express my deep appreciation to our employees and to our customers, our supplier partners and our shareholders, who have supported us through a year which had more than its share of twists and turns and from which we emerge stronger and more confident in our future.
I’ll end with a reminder that the notion of being “essential to care” is not just a tagline to us — it’s what drives us.
Sincerely,
George S. Barrett Chairman and CEO Cardinal Health, Inc.
  3
