Dear Shareholders of Cardinal Health:
We are in a period of great transition for the U.S. healthcare system. During this past fiscal year, the national debate on healthcare reform resulted in the passage of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. With 1,083 pages of legislation in the final bill to interpret and implement, this legislation marks the beginning of the reform process, not the end.
We applaud the effort to provide security and stability to those who currently have health insurance and coverage to those who don’t. But we also know that we need a system that is much more integrated and easier to navigate. And that ultimately the issue of cost-effectiveness will be central to having a healthcare system that is inclusive and affordable.
We started fiscal 2010 with the understanding that we needed to position ourselves in anticipation of these changes, while at the same time strengthening our core business. I feel good about how far we have come. We have made significant progress this past year, and our customers are telling us that we are on the right path.
The customers we serve—from retail pharmacies and hospitals to physician offices and laboratories—are all looking for new ways to deliver care and to compete, both in the context of this new legislation and in an environment that will evolve in directions that are not necessarily clear today. The work we do across the continuum of care to make the system more cost-effective is especially relevant now. At Cardinal Health, we are focused on the “business behind healthcare” so our customers can focus on their patients.
 Fiscal 2010: Changing in a time of change
Fiscal 2010 was a year of transformation. With the spinoff of CareFusion complete, we began this journey with a commitment to reinvigorate our performance, our strategic positioning and our internal culture. And while the journey continues in fiscal 2011, the extent and rate of our progress on these dimensions was better than we anticipated.
Revenue for the company increased 3 percent to $98.5 billion, with operating earnings up 1 percent to $1.3 billion. Diluted earnings per share (EPS) from continuing operations were $1.62 or $2.22 on a non-GAAP basis*. While our non-GAAP EPS was down slightly versus fiscal 2009, we performed considerably better
than we expected coming into the year, given the significant strategic investments we made in our businesses. In addition, our organization did an outstanding job managing our working capital, and we generated $2.1 billion in cash from operations for the full year.
Our Pharmaceutical segment revenue increased 2 percent to $89.8 billion, with segment profit down 3 percent to $1 billion. The performance from this segment reflects the progress we are making on key strategic priorities, and I am particularly pleased with how this segment was able to largely offset some difficult headwinds created by the year-over-year comparison in generic launches and the severe supply shortages impacting nuclear pharmacy.
Over the past year, the Pharmaceutical segment made great
strides. We worked hard to strengthen our partnerships with
major customers, renewing agreements with many of our largest. Our refocus on programs that address the needs of independent retail pharmacies allowed us to double our growth rate with them, compared to the previous year. We changed our generic sourcing and selling models, creating new value for customers and for our generic partners. At the same time, we worked closely with our branded supplier partners, a number of whom have been working their way through the integration of major mergers. We continue to devote considerable energy to strengthening these relationships and creating value for our branded partners as their needs evolve in this rapidly changing environment.
In addition to reinvigorating our Pharmaceutical segment strategy and performance trajectory, we also tackled the composition of
our portfolio of businesses. We enhanced our Medicine Shoppe International network by offering franchisees an option to switch to an alternative model that offers a more flexible, fee-based structure versus the previous royalty-based model. And we decided to divest two units that were no longer a strategic fit for the segment. Finally, we made important moves to position the company for continued growth in specialty pharmaceuticals with the acquisition in early fiscal 2011 of Healthcare Solutions Holding.
* See page 23 for a reconciliation of the differences between the non-GAAP financial 4 measures and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures.

 Our Medical segment had a very solid year, with revenue up
7 percent to $8.8 billion and segment profit up 11 percent to
$428 million. During fiscal 2010, we also developed our segment strategy around channel and category management, which we believe will better align with our customers’ needs and enhance our ability to apply our core capabilities to help customers be more cost-effective. All of this was achieved even as we continued to make investments to further improve our customers’ experience, enhance our technology platform and processes, and position the business for sustainable growth.
In fiscal 2010, our hospital supply business grew, and our margin rates stabilized. We are well positioned in this space with a strong footprint across all customer channels. And we completely rebuilt our sourcing model for medical products, expanding our global sourcing capabilities and leadership in this space.
As we see the delivery of healthcare moving to smaller and more disease-specific units of care, we are investing in our ambulatory business to grow our footprint through an expanded sales organization and an enhanced ordering system that supports the unique needs of these customers. Our clinical lab business continues to be an important part of this segment and delivered top- and bottom-line growth, helped in part by the irregular flu season in the first half of the fiscal year.
Additionally, over the past couple of years, we have been working hard to improve the performance in our Presource® surgical kitting business. Through a combination of Lean Six Sigma and operational excellence initiatives, and our expanded presence
in surgery centers, we returned the unit to positive growth and successfully reset its trajectory. And our medical distribution business in Canada had an exceptional year, with double-digit revenue and profit growth in fiscal 2010.
I am particularly proud of how the company managed its capital in an extraordinary economic environment. During this past year, we returned more than $500 million to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, and we invested in the areas of our business that are critical to support our customers and drive future growth. We enter fiscal 2011 with a very strong balance sheet, which provides significant financial flexibility.
We have also made progress in several non-financial, yet important, aspects of our company. For instance, our focus on talent management, leadership development and core capabilities training is helping to reinvigorate the culture and enhance the connection between our employees and the positive impact they can make on our health system. Customers are telling us that the efforts we are making to strengthen our partnerships reinforce
the value we bring to their businesses. This shift of our “center
of gravity” more decisively out to the customer is reflected in our loyalty survey scores.
And now more than ever, Cardinal Health is a critical partner in the communities in which we operate. In fiscal 2010, Cardinal Health donated nearly $20 million in cash and products to improve
the delivery of healthcare and make our communities a better place to live and work. We are also in the third year of our E3 grant program—which is the first and largest private fund of its kind— that has helped more than 100 hospitals implement measurable, evidence-based practices to improve safety and efficiency.
We believe that giving back to the community is a fundamental responsibility for our company, and we have made charitable giving and employee volunteerism key underpinnings of our culture and values.
None of what we accomplished in fiscal 2010 would have been possible without the tremendous commitment of our employees. I continue to be impressed by their passion for our industry
and their tireless efforts to help our customers improve their businesses and make the system more cost-effective.
5

 Continuing the momentum
I am very pleased with the rate of progress we made in fiscal 2010, and we look forward to continuing this momentum in fiscal 2011. As we further strengthen the core of our company, we will continue to look for opportunities to expand into adjacent areas when prudent.
As I mentioned, we recently completed a very important acquisition in the Pharmaceutical segment of Healthcare Solutions Holding. Known in the industry as P4 Healthcare, this business offers a meaningful and differentiated set of services in the fast- growing specialty pharmaceutical area—an adjacency to our
core pharmaceutical distribution services—where we have been underrepresented in the past. The commercial activities within
P4 Healthcare serve key participants across the chain of specialty care, including physicians, pharmaceutical companies and payors, by providing essential tools, services and data to help improve patient outcomes and increase efficiency in the delivery of healthcare. While this acquisition will have only a modest impact on fiscal 2011, it positions us well to participate in the growth of the specialty category in future years.
We are also planning for the future of molecular imaging and investing in our nuclear pharmacy business to better support this growing field. We are expanding our manufacturing capabilities in positron emission tomography (PET) and strategically locating our PET facilities near our leading network of nuclear pharmacies to better serve the needs of diagnostic tests that use the PET modality. As part of this strategy, we have partnered with
several leading research universities and the American College of Radiology Imaging Network to support clinical trials to help combat some of the most common and complex disease states including cancer, heart disease and neurological disorders. By partnering earlier in the development process, we can create strong partnerships to be ready to help commercialize new products immediately after they receive regulatory approval.
Our channel and category management strategy in the Medical segment will enhance our ability to work in closer partnership with our customers and use our core capabilities to address their key pain points. And at the beginning of fiscal 2011, we organized the segment around these two fundamental areas. In tandem with this approach, our multi-year Medical Business Transformation project continues. By redesigning our information technology platforms, processes and policies, we will be able to deliver an even better customer experience and respond to their changing needs even faster.
And as we look across the industry for the next few years, change is part of the landscape as the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act enters the implementation phase. We played an active role in Washington prior to the legislation’s passage, working with industry associations and policy leaders. We will remain an active partner in this process to ensure that our voice is heard and to serve as an advocate for our customers—both in Washington and at the state level—as decisions are made about how to implement the healthcare reform provisions.
In short, it is an exciting time to be at Cardinal Health. I am
proud of the value we bring to our customers and our supplier partners, and I am honored to be part of a team of dedicated employees who make it a reality. I know we can improve the cost-effectiveness of our healthcare system, and our employees are energized around this common purpose. As we improve the business behind healthcare, we do so with the ultimate goal
of creating value for our shareholders. Now is a critical time in healthcare, and Cardinal Health is well positioned to lead. We embrace both the challenges and the opportunities that lie ahead. Thank you for your continued support.
Sincerely,
George S. Barrett
Chairman and CEO
Cardinal Health, Inc. 6
 