Dear Shareholders of Cardinal Health:
Over the past two years, we have committed ourselves to solidifying the foundation of our
core businesses and positioning the company to deliver sustained growth — focusing resources on enhancing the customer experience, rebalancing our portfolio, and driving performance management. We also focused on the important work of strengthening our strategic position by identifying a few key areas where we would concentrate our attention. They included:
• Rebalancing our customer mix and driving generics by expanding our footprint in retail independent pharmacy;
• Establishing our presence in the fast-growing specialty pharmaceutical segment;
• Growing our position in ambulatory care settings; and
• Exploring select opportunities to grow our business beyond our North American base.
And we did this in parallel with devoting a great deal of time to systematically building a world-class management team with the talent and capacity to execute amid a challenging economic environment and an evolving healthcare landscape.
 George S. Barrett Chairman and CEO Cardinal Health, Inc.
   
Fiscal 2011: Driving momentum
Clearly, fiscal 2011 was a defining year in our transformative journey. It was a year of outstanding accomplishments, exceeding our key company financial goals, and making great strides on both operational and strategic levels. We continued to successfully strengthen our core businesses and build new capabilities to accelerate growth. And we took strategic actions in our areas of focus to seize opportunities and position Cardinal Health for the short-, medium- and long-term. Namely, we:
• Acquired P4 Healthcare, giving us a differentiated presence in oncology and specialty pharmaceutical services;
• Invested in the sales force and customer-facing tools in our ambulatory care business;
• Acquired Kinray, which dramatically increased
our footprint in independent pharmacy and will accelerate the growth of our generic franchise; and
• Established a new platform for growth with the acquisition of Yong Yu in China.
Full-year fiscal 2011 revenue was up 4 percent to $102.6 billion, with operating earnings up 16 percent to $1.5 billion. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share (EPS) from continuing operations
were $2.67 — an increase of 20 percent.* We improved our gross margin rate by 22 basis points versus last year, driven in large part by a rebalancing of our customer and product mix. In addition, our organization did another excellent job managing working capital, generating $1.4 billion in cash from operations for the full year. We returned significant cash to our shareholders through share repurchases and a differentiated dividend payout with a yield of approximately 2 percent. And we maintained a strong balance sheet while deploying well over $2 billion in acquisitions and share repurchases.
Our Pharmaceutical segment revenue increased 4 percent
to $93.7 billion, with segment profit up 26 percent to
$1.3 billion. This segment had an exceptional year, driven
by consistently strong operating results in our generic programs, contribution from acquisitions, and performance under our branded manufacturer agreements. We also continued to solidify our relationships with national retail
and mail order customers and large hospital networks, as highlighted by a number of contract renewals during the year.
*See page 22 for a reconciliation of the differences between the non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures.
 “It was a year of outstanding accomplishments, exceeding our key company financial goals, and making great strides on both operational and strategic levels.”
3
  
 We continued to put a great deal of emphasis on growing our position in retail independent pharmacy, dramatically expanding our footprint with the acquisition of Kinray, which added more than 2,000 customers to this channel and significantly shifted
our business mix. This shift is not trivial. Approximately two years ago, we highlighted the need to improve the business mix in our Pharmaceutical segment. Since that time, our percentage of non- bulk sales has gone from about 50 percent to 57 percent, and
the number of retail independent pharmacies we serve has also increased by about 50 percent to more than 7,000, reflecting both organic growth in our customer base and the acquisition of Kinray.
Although it was an outstanding year for us in generics, system-wide manufacturer supply disruptions created some challenges for us and for our customers. This did have an impact on our generic compliance growth rate. We had set aggressive generic compliance rate improvement goals for fiscal 2011 — on top of the strong growth we achieved in fiscal 2010 — and did fall a bit short of our goal of another 10 percent improvement. Despite our competitive generic compliance rate, we believe that there is still room for improvement.
With the acquisition of P4 Healthcare, we firmly established our presence in oncology and specialty pharmaceutical services. We continued to build out our capabilities in clinical pathways management, giving us greater strength with new sets of customers and partners upstream, and enabling us to build collaborative relationships between payors and providers in oncology, rheumatoid arthritis and new therapeutic areas.
I’m very pleased with the pace at which we are winning
new accounts with our Pathways programs, and specialty pharmaceutical distribution is continuing to build momentum.
Our nuclear business stepped up its strategic commitment to an adjacent growth platform in Positron Emission Tomography, or PET, and we have begun to execute on that strategy with an eye toward dynamic future growth in that area. We continue
to support more than 20 clinical trials with innovators in the science of molecular imaging and recently launched our state- of-the-art innovation laboratory in Phoenix. This facility is
the first-of-its-kind collaboration center and will expedite the development of nuclear imaging agents that diagnose and treat conditions like Alzheimer’s, cancer and heart disease.
And the acquisition of Yong Yu in China not only expanded our pharmaceutical business in a market which is
growing rapidly, but it also enables growth opportunities for other parts of our portfolio, including nuclear, consumer health, and medical product distribution.
Our Medical segment revenue increased 2 percent to $8.9 billion, with segment profit decreasing 14 percent to $370 million, primarily driven by the negative impact of commodity price increases.
4
  
“The acquisition of Yong Yu in China not only expanded our pharmaceutical business in a market which is growing rapidly, but it also enables growth opportunities for other parts of our portfolio, including nuclear, consumer health, and medical product distribution.”
 During fiscal 2011, we took significant steps to reposition
our Medical business and continued our investment in major infrastructure change, which is on track for our pilot launch in October 2011, followed by our national implementation in the second half of fiscal 2012. And we continue to expect a meaningful contribution to margins from this major business transformation initiative as we move into fiscal 2013.
Although our Medical segment faced some unique challenges, namely commodity price increases, a one-time CareFusion revenue recognition in fiscal 2010 triggered
by the spinoff, and sluggish healthcare utilization trends, the underlying performance of the business is strong. The Medical teams continue to compete well with a value proposition which is increasingly resonant with customers, as evidenced by a number of key wins, including several large hospital networks and the expansion of our business with the Department of Defense.
We also finished our reorganization around channels, moving decision-making closer to the customer and, at the same time, we accelerated our capabilities in category management, which we believe will be increasingly valuable to customers looking for efficiencies and for suppliers looking to grow share.
Our preferred products, central to our category management strategy, grew faster than the rest of our product portfolio. However, as previously noted, surgical procedure volumes remain somewhat sluggish, which disproportionately impacts our preferred products business. We continue to build out product categories with Cardinal Health-branded products, as well as select national brands. And we feel very good about our expanded global sourcing capabilities, our geographic presence, and the regulatory capabilities required to drive this strategy.
The ambulatory care channel — where we have made investments to grow our footprint with an awareness that care continues to move to non-acute sites — performed well, outpacing industry growth. We were also pleased to see
that the cross-selling effort between our Pharmaceutical and Medical segments is bearing fruit in the physician office space.
Overall, fiscal 2011 was a tremendous year with strong operational execution, excellent financial performance, important strategic moves and, notably, robust total shareholder return of more than 37 percent. I am very pleased with the
work we have done over the past two years to strengthen
our core businesses, expand our gross margin rate, optimize working capital, and make strategic investments for the future — these actions have helped us to reshape our trajectory
and begin to deliver against our long-term sustainable total shareholder return goal of at least 11 percent annually.
5
  
 “We are excited about the future and extremely clear on our strategic path to get there. We have the right game plan in place, and our organization has a keen eye on execution and the needs of our customers. ”
Fiscal 2012: Intensifying our momentum
As we look forward, we are excited about the future and extremely clear on our strategic path to get there. We have
the right game plan in place, and our organization has a keen eye on execution and the needs of our customers. We will continue to focus on margin rates across our businesses. We
will maintain a close focus on working capital. And while we have to weather a few lingering headwinds, we will continue to focus on driving momentum and making sure that each of our businesses has the market position it needs in order to compete.
Fiscal 2012 will be a noteworthy year in generics, with some
of the largest pharmaceutical products in history losing patent exclusivity. While we can’t control the timing, we can control how we execute on generic launches; and, we will make sure that when opportunities are present, we execute extraordinarily well.
We will continue to deliver value to our pharmaceutical partners as a one-stop shop for all their supply chain services needs. Partners in this space tell us that our operational excellence expertise, coupled with the efficiencies of our National Logistics Center, have helped drive process improvements and incremental sales for them. And we will continue to develop customized
tools to support their promotional strategies, including new item launches and medication adherence offerings.
We believe that the specialty solutions business is a great opportunity for us, and we will continue to invest here.
While our broad platform is not yet to scale, we are developing new capabilities that have been embraced by our customers
as they demand innovative solutions in a rapidly changing environment. Our value proposition connects patients, physicians, payors, and pharmaceutical manufacturers, with the goal to improve access to efficient, high quality care. We have the model, technology, expertise and resources to support each of these stakeholders. The timing is right for this important focus on integrated care, shared accountability and data driven outcomes.
We will also continue to invest in PET, building off of our core capabilities and outstanding base in Single Photon Emission Computed Tomography, our legacy low-energy nuclear imaging activities.
We are truly excited about our move into the Chinese market. Our business is growing well organically, but we will also look for opportunities to build scale and geographic reach. We will certainly be evaluating tuck-in acquisitions throughout the year, as well as broadening the Cardinal Health portfolio in China.
We also remain focused on the way in which the delivery of
care is moving between parts of the health system — from
acute care hospitals to ambulatory centers to doctors’ offices. And we will continue to make sure that we have the right capabilities to serve all of those channels and the right scale
to execute our strategies. Our preferred products program represents one of those strategies — it allows us to assist customers in reducing their costs to serve, while reducing overall costs in the healthcare system. We will continue to focus on growing this important cornerstone of our Medical strategy.
6
  
 Although the Medical segment began fiscal 2012 with some lingering headwinds, our competitive position is strong
— we’re in the second year of implementing our category management strategy; we will be “going live” with our Medical Business Transformation initiative; and, we continue to accelerate our global sourcing capabilities. And, of course, we are taking aggressive action to mitigate the impact of the high cost of commodity inputs on our medical products.
At the same time, we continue to compete in an economy experiencing a high rate of unemployment, which has dampened the utilization of healthcare products and services. We believe that innovation is necessary on all fronts to stimulate economic growth in the U.S. As a company, we also firmly believe that innovation is an important lever for our success, and we are dedicating resources to both business and product innovation.
Within the broader economy, the healthcare landscape will continue to undergo significant change in the coming years. Those who see this solely in the context of the signing of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act may miss powerful forces which are driving change. The combination of an aging population, increases in the number of people suffering from chronic disease, and the high number of Americans who still struggle to access affordable, quality care is creating a perfect storm. The pressure to address these issues — while managing the impact on our economy — will force us to explore new ways to deliver healthcare. We believe that the market will need to innovate in order to respond to the challenge, and this innovation will take many forms. It will require care
to be better-coordinated and incentives better-aligned
with outcomes. Cardinal Health is well-positioned to play a meaningful role in helping our customers navigate and adapt to this changing world. Our focus is squarely on improving the cost-effectiveness of care so that the healthcare providers we serve can focus on what matters most: their patients.
Working in healthcare is a privilege, but it is also a responsibility. We take that responsibility very seriously.
I am very proud to be part of a team that is so passionate about serving our customers and delivering on our mission of making healthcare more cost-effective. And we will continue to raise the bar, as we are not yet satisfied.
Before I close, I wanted to take a moment to recognize
Dr. James J. Mongan, who died in May. Dr. Mongan was an esteemed member of the Cardinal Health board of directors. We are grateful for the time we had with him; although, it was too short. And we are grateful for the contributions he made to our company during the time he was able to serve. He was a healthcare leader without equal, and dedicated
his life with passion to improving both the access to and
the quality of healthcare. We will remember him fondly.
Fiscal 2011 was an important year for us, and I want to thank all of our shareholders for their trust and support.
Sincerely,
George S. Barrett Chairman and CEO Cardinal Health, Inc.
 7
  