Chairman’s letter
To our customers, employees and shareholders:
In the United States and around the world, the cost of delivering healthcare continues to accelerate. I believe that one of the keys to driving a meaningful reduction in the cost of care is improving the quality of care.
Consider these facts. Hospital-acquired infections affect an estimated one in every 20 patients admitted to hospitals
in the United States. This results in significant increases in morbidity, mortality and cost. The Institute of Medicine concluded there are at least 1.5 million preventable adverse drug events in the United States each year. And at $2 trillion annually, the United States leads the world in healthcare expenditures, spending 50 percent more per capita than any other industrialized nation.
At Cardinal Health, making healthcare safer and more cost-effective is our goal. It is an ambitious goal and an attainable one. We distribute one-third of all pharmaceutical products in the United States. We provide a large range of medical supplies and are an industry leader in products and technologies for infection prevention, infusion, medication and supply dispensing, and respiratory care. We help doctors, nurses and other clinicians do what they are trained
R. Kerry Clark, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
to do: help sick patients get better. That’s why we believe that no company is better positioned than Cardinal Health to streamline the healthcare supply chain, help clinicians reduce medical errors, prevent infections and, in turn, reduce the overall cost of care.
It is with this backdrop that I review what we achieved in fiscal 2008 and look ahead to the future.
Fiscal 2008 Review
For fiscal 2008, consolidated revenue was up 5 percent over the prior year to $91 billion. Operating earnings increased 54 percent to $2.1 billion, and non-GAAP operating earnings* increased 3 percent. Diluted EPS from continuing operations was $3.61, 74 percent above the prior year, and non-GAAP diluted EPS from continuing operations* was $3.80, 11 percent above the prior year. Overall, we made steady progress in fiscal 2008 in Healthcare Supply Chain Services, combined with very strong top and bottom line growth from Clinical and Medical Products.
About two years ago, we began to focus Cardinal Health to serve customers in these two distinct areas of the healthcare industry. We continued this evolution in July 2008 – at the beginning of fiscal 2009 – by organizing our core businesses as two, separate operating and reporting segments. This evolution of our structure is important, because over time,
it has become clear that Healthcare Supply Chain Services and Clinical and Medical Products have very different characteristics and need the flexibility to deploy resources and manage operations that optimize their business models and deliver value to customers.
 Cardinal Health 2008 Annual Report

As we announced in early August, we are studying whether or not we should take yet another step and separate Cardinal Health into two, publicly traded companies, each focused on its distinct area of the healthcare market and its own set of business opportunities. Our goal is simple. We want to allow each business to become the best it can be in meeting the needs of our customers, our shareholders and our employees.
A decision may have been publicly announced by the time you are reading this letter. Whatever the decision, we continue to see excellent long-term potential for both Healthcare Supply Chain Services and Clinical and Medical Products, and we believe that we have been taking the necessary steps to put us on the right path for the future.
Healthcare Supply Chain Services
The combination of a pharmaceutical and medical product supply chain business provides us the opportunity to serve hospitals, clinical laboratories, ambulatory care centers and doctors’ offices with the industry’s most efficient network of distribution centers. Our ability to improve the customer experience and to drive additional efficiencies, as well as an increasingly aging population, will be the primary growth drivers for this business.
During fiscal 2008, Healthcare Supply Chain Services faced some challenges, particularly in pharmaceutical distribution. During the second quarter, the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) suspended our licenses to distribute controlled substances
from three of our 24 pharmaceutical distribution centers. Preventing prescription drug abuse is a public policy goal that Cardinal Health fully supports. We do not want these powerful drugs in the wrong hands. We have strengthened our quality and regulatory affairs team and implemented new systems to better report suspicious orders to state and federal regulatory agencies. In August, we announced an agreement-in-principle with the DEA to resolve our controlled substance license suspensions. While we cannot predict the ultimate timing or terms of any settlement with the DEA, we expect the suspensions to be lifted by the end of calendar 2008.
Our medical supply chain business made great strides in fiscal 2008, and as we expected, the second half of the year marked a return to growth. We also were awarded some key contracts late in the year that will benefit us in the second half of fiscal 2009. We have good momentum in our core medical product distribution businesses – hospital supply, scientific products/laboratory and ambulatory care – and expect that momentum to continue through fiscal 2009. And while there was some softness in our surgical kitting business, we expect a return to profitable year- over-year growth in fiscal 2009.
Overall for fiscal 2008, the Healthcare Supply Chain Services – Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Supply Chain Services – Medical segments grew combined revenue* by 4 percent to $87 billion, with combined segment profit* declining 12 percent to $1.4 billion. Our anti-diversion investments, large chain customer contract re-pricings and a decline in overall pharmaceutical market growth contributed to the profit decline; however,
we expect to return to profitable growth in the second half of fiscal 2009.
Looking ahead, we are focused on executing the basics with excellence and on increasing the business we have with
our existing customers by capturing a greater share of their purchases. We are doing this by improving the quality and value of our offerings, while ensuring those offerings are profitable for Cardinal Health. And the work we are doing in category management will help us improve our customer mix.
Clinical and Medical Products
Clinical and Medical Products had another terrific year and is quickly becoming one of the leading med-tech businesses in
the world, with leadership positions in medication and supply dispensing, infusion systems, respiratory care and infection prevention. We provide clinically differentiated products and services that make it easier for clinicians to follow evidence-based protocols and deliver simple and compelling economic benefits.
During the year, Clinical and Medical Products remained ahead of schedule for the VIASYS Healthcare integration. We also made a significant investment to expand our infection prevention
Cardinal Health 2008 Annual Report

offerings through the acquisition of Enturia, the manufacturer of surgical skin preparation products marketed under the ChloraPrep® brand name. And we continue to make good progress on the remediation efforts for Alaris® infusion products.
Coming off of a breakout year in fiscal 2007, the combined revenue* for the Clinical Technologies and Services and Medical Products and Technologies segments grew by 24 percent to $5.6 billion, and the combined segment profit* increased
36 percent to nearly $800 million in fiscal 2008. Under our new segment reporting structure, Clinical and Medical Products would have achieved even stronger performance in fiscal 2008 with a 30 percent increase in revenue to $4.6 billion, and a
37 percent increase in profit to $735 million. While the addition of VIASYS fueled a portion of this growth, we continued to see great execution for the technologies that help protect against medication errors and prevent infections.
We see more of the same in fiscal 2009. Clinical and Medical Products is expected to continue on a strong growth trajectory based on both the momentum of current product lines and plans to introduce approximately 50 new products or product enhancements over the next 18 months.
Focus on the future
While I know we can continue to improve and perform better, we are entering fiscal 2009 in a position of strength. Cardinal Health is uniquely positioned to help improve both patient safety and the economics of healthcare delivery.
As the United States elects its next president, there is little doubt that healthcare will take center stage in the next administration. With a worthy goal of expanding healthcare coverage to more of the population, the healthcare system will need to be even more efficient to accommodate the increased demand that greater access will generate. And while health systems vary from country to country, fundamentally the
same issues of cost and quality affect hospitals and other care providers from Boston to Barcelona to Beijing. Cardinal Health understands the challenges healthcare providers face and has the expertise and resources to help.
In fiscal 2009, we are resolutely focused on putting a stronger foundation for future growth under both segments. We plan to invest an incremental $100 million in fiscal 2009 to ensure we continue to strengthen our position. For Clinical and Medical Products, we are investing approximately $50 million in R&D to develop new products that improve patient safety. And approximately $50 million will be invested in information technology for Healthcare Supply Chain Services to improve how we serve our customers. These are important investments that I believe will increase future growth for both segments.
In closing
A look at the future of the company is not complete without reflecting on the past. We would not be in the enviable position to change the face of healthcare without the vision, dedication and leadership of company founder, Robert D. Walter. As many of you know, Bob retired from the company in June. We are very fortunate to retain his vision and leadership through his seat on the board of directors. Though we miss Bob’s daily presence in the hallways, his legacy and entrepreneurial spirit will always be felt at Cardinal Health.
That spirit is evident in the dedication and passion of our more than 40,000 employees. Each and every day, they help providers of care deliver a safer, more productive future
in healthcare. It is an exciting future, and one in which Cardinal Health can and will play an essential role.
Sincerely,
R. Kerry Clark
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
* See adjacent page for definitions of non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of the differences between the non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures.
 Cardinal Health 2008 Annual Report
