Revenues ($ millions) 98 97 TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF COOPER CAMERON: 96 $1,388 $1,882 $1,806

During 1998, we posted the highest earnings, excluding
nonrecurring/unusual charges, to date in the short history of our company; ended the year with a higher backlog of business than we had at year-end 1997; and improved an already healthy balance sheet. Yet, our common stock price, the measure by which most judge our progress, declined by 60 percent. A year ago, we were concerned about relatively soft energy prices and the economic uncertainties of Southeast Asia. Those factors--and others, including mild weather and global economic weakness-- became the driving forces behind a collapsing crude oil market and a softening North American gas market. The fallout has been protracted uncertainty about spending and activity levels for our customers and for us.
Financial performance reaches record levels, but near-term trend is down

Revenues totaled $1.88 billion in 1998, up modestly from 1997's $1.81 billion. Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) increased to $323 million, up from 1997's $294 million. The inflow of new orders, especially in the oilfield-related businesses, peaked during 1998's first quarter, and our profitability was highest in the second. A decline in activity has continued into the first quarter of 1999, and we have taken, and are taking, steps to deal with this environment.
Accomplishments

In the midst of difficult market conditions, it's important to acknowledge the progress we made in areas over which we do have control. Certain of these actions were initiated in 1997 or early 1998. Some served to enhance our revenues and profits, building on the strength of earlier periods' activity; others have allowed us to lower costs and lessen the negative impacts of a weakening market.

Our challenge,

then, is to

s Acquisitions made within core businesses-- In addition to the April 1998 purchase of Orbit Valve for $104 million in cash and debt--discussed in last year's report--we closed on four other acquisitions during the year for cash prices totaling about $15 million. Orbit's high-tech valve business has meshed nicely with Cooper Cameron Valves' (CCV) operations, and has performed better than our initial expectations in its revenue and profit contributions. The other acquisitions were private companies that provide aftermarket services and enhanced our market share positions in the Cameron and Cooper Energy

react quickly and manage our cost structure and operations in the downside markets as successfully as we did in the upside ones, and ensure that we will be prepared to take advantage of the recoveries in our businesses when they arrive.

4

EBITDA ($ millions) 98 97 96 $323 $294 $183

Our primary commitment to our customers and our shareholders is to ensure not only that we are still here, but also poised for growth, when the market turns. Clearly, that's our plan. Our financial flexibility and cash generation capabilities are not in question, and our balance sheet is in solid condition.

Services (CES) divisions. Acquisitions, and to a growing extent new product offerings, have added significantly to Cooper Cameron's revenues and earnings. s Focus on "new" business units continues-- Cameron Controls and Cameron Willis were carved out as separate business units within Cameron just over a year ago, in hopes that increased visibility and market focus would have positive impacts. The Controls business has booked an impressive level of subsea drilling controls orders in association with a new generation of subsea blowout preventers. Meanwhile, the chokes and actuators units within Cameron Willis have each consolidated their manufacturing to take advantage of economies of scale. s Capital investment generates expected results -- In the robust markets of 1996 and 1997, it was tempting to spend money on new facilities in the expectation that demand would only get better. Our position was (and still is) that this is a cyclical business. As a result, we focused new capital on projects that carried quick paybacks and that help us in either phase of the cycle. Our investment in new machine tools, primarily in the oilfield-related businesses, is showing up in improved productivity and reduced manufacturing costs. When the other side of the cycle returns, we will have established a lower cost of production that should lead to even stronger financial performance.
Initiatives

the reverse is true--as in today's energy markets--the challenges are more difficult and the actions are more painful to implement. Our primary commitment to our customers and our shareholders is to ensure not only that we are still here, but also poised for growth, when the market turns. Clearly, that's our plan. Our financial flexibility and cash generation capabilities are not in question, and our balance sheet is in solid condition. But that does not excuse us from taking steps to maximize performance in the near term, many of which will prove additive when better times return. s Downsizing in response to markets-- One of the most difficult tasks in managing costs is implementing staff cuts. When market demand for product falls precipitously, companies often have no choice but to reduce employment. After adding nearly 3,000 people to Cooper Cameron's ranks since 1995, we have reduced staffing by approximately ten percent, or 1,100 people, since peaking in April 1998. Many of those reductions are simply the result of the uncertainty that prevails in the current market. We will continue to closely monitor our needs to determine the optimum level of employment, given the demand for our products. s Cameron, CCV addressing capacity, costs-- Additional opportunities for reducing costs are being identified and implemented in the oilfield-related businesses. For example, we closed down a CCV plant outside Houston and moved the machines and equipment from that location to another facility with available space. Also, Cameron's replacement of older manufacturing equipment with new machine tools to boost productivity in a growing demand market has become a costsaving measure in the current environment.

When business is booming, companies are faced with trying to choose the strategic actions that will best allow them to take advantage of rising markets and strong demand. When

5

EBITDA (as a Percent of Revenues) 98 97 96 17.2% 16.3% 13.2% 98 97 96

Orders ($ millions) $1,843 $1,894 $1,497 98 97 96

Backlog (at year-end, $ millions) $790 $786 $728

s CES taking steps to improve upon poor results-- In response to a disappointing 1998 performance, we have made improvement in CES' financial and operating results a major priority. A new president of the CES organization was named; the business was split into profit and loss centers reflecting the rotating, reciprocating and aftermarket areas we serve; new product development and market initiatives have been implemented; and additional cost-cutting options are being explored. s CTC responds to tougher market environment-- CTC continues to deal with an increasingly competitive market for its products, due primarily to the decline in Southeast Asia activity. As revenues have declined, CTC has taken steps to increase its presence in Europe, reduce costs and maintain profitability. Those efforts will continue, but we expect the eventual recovery in Asian markets to restore our sales and profitability growth in this business. While earnings for virtually every company in the energy business are under pressure, and we are no exception, cash generation remains a strength of Cooper Cameron. With a moderate reduction in capital spending and working capital expected to decline, one of our tasks for this year is finding appropriate uses for cash. In this uncertain market, some modest debt reduction will likely be our first priority. Beyond that, we see two additional options: Further acquisitions, in the same vein as the eleven we have made to date, or buying shares in a company we know very well and can purchase without paying an acquisition premium. That, of course, would be further repurchases of our own common stock.

In November 1998, we increased our authorization for stock repurchases from five million to ten million shares, or nearly twenty percent of the shares outstanding. We expect to continue to purchase stock in the market, either directly or through third parties under forward purchase agreements, during 1999. We see this as one of the best uses for cash, and the resulting reduction in shares outstanding will enhance our earnings per share performance when the industry's next upward cycle arrives.
Priorities in trying times

Every one of our energy-related customers is being affected by the current state of the markets, some more severely than others. We are keenly aware that their long-term health is important to our ability to perform well when these markets recover. We intend to remain responsive to their needs, and do all we can to ensure that they continue to get the value for their dollar they have come to expect from our products. No less important to our success is the performance of our employees. I greatly admire their demonstrated ability to deal with adversity. Many have been through several cycles in the energy industry, and understand the difficulties inherent in managing through the downturns. Our commitment to them is unchanged; to foster an environment that grants as many people as possible an opportunity to contribute to the overall success of the organization. If we perform up to the standards of these two groups, and treat them as well as we possibly can, our third constituency, our stockholders, will be well served.

6

Capital Expenditures ($ millions) 98 97 96 $115 $72 $37

We intend to remain responsive to our customers' needs, and do all we can to ensure that they continue to get the value for their dollar they have come to expect from our products.

In our three and a half years as a public company, we have enjoyed some spectacular successes. I have no doubt that when energy markets rebound--and they will--we will again have the opportunity to exploit the value inherent in our franchise. I look forward to that day; I'm sure you do as well.

Sincerely,

Sheldon R. Erikson

Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

7

