to the stockholders The volatility inherent in our business was never more apparent than in the last six months of 2008. Oil plummeted from nearly $150 per barrel to below $40 by year-end; natural gas prices dropped precipitously as availability outstripped current demand; and the meltdown in the financial markets introduced an even greater level of uncertainty into our business. Cameron's stock price moved lower, essentially in line with the rest of the companies in our space.
In this context, it's difficult to set aside the negativity that has permeated our markets, but it is important to note the results that our people delivered during 2008, particularly in the face of a challenging fourth quarter. It was another record-setting year for Cameron, and I am proud of the performance of our employees. A few comments on that front before I address the uncertainties and challenges of 2009:          Our earnings per share increased to a record $2.60, up 20 percent from 2007's record highs. Total revenues also reached a new record at $5.8 billion, up 25 percent. Orders in each of our three primary business lines posted new highs, with total orders reaching $7.5 billion. Backlog reached the highest year-end level in our history at more than $5.6 billion. Our cash and equivalents at year-end exceeded $1.6 billion, leaving us with no net debt.

These results confirm Cameron's overall ability to perform in robust markets. We now have the opportunity to prove ourselves in a down cycle. The orders we've booked, and the attendant backlog levels we've reached, give us a measure of visibility in several of our businesses and provide some stability in our earnings and cash flow. The subsea, drilling and engineered valves product lines have solid positions in this regard. Our centrifugal compressor business posted the highest backlog in its history as of the end of the third quarter; their inquiries and orders have fallen dramatically in the fourth quarter with the global economic slowdown, but because of this backlog, their sales are expected to hold up for the next few quarters. Each of our eleven business units will be affected by this downturn, and each will respond appropriately to developments in their respective markets in 2009.

2008 Annual Report >>> 

7

Uncertainty reigns in oil markets; price spikes, economic meltdown cause unprecedented volatility As we entered 2008, we thought that high prices might have a dampening effect on global economies and result in some level of demand destruction. We did not foresee the problems that surfaced in the credit markets and the ripple effects that developed worldwide. There is reason to believe that oil prices at $40 a barrel are no more sustainable in the long term than oil prices at $140, but this is a commodity-driven business. Setting aside the impacts of speculation, war premiums and the like, the fact remains that oil consumption--and therefore demand--fell well short of supply by yearend, and simple economics have prevailed in pushing prices lower. With our customers' cash flow declining, and with some of them finding it difficult to obtain financing for projects, they will spend less on finding and developing new reserves. As a result, supplies will decline; global demand will grow again (although probably not during 2009); and the pricing pendulum will swing the other way. Can OPEC have an immediate impact on pricing? Their attempts at the close of 2008 to cut production and stabilize prices had minimal effect. Oil prices averaged approximately $100 per barrel in 2008, and forecasters are expecting prices in the $40 to $60 per barrel range during 2009. This reflects the reality that global consumption was relatively flat in 2008, and is expected to decline during 2009. It also incorporates an expectation that worldwide oil supplies will increase over the next couple of years; I question whether that will occur, given the current slowdown in exploration activity due to price uncertainties and credit access, as well as the history of unexpected delays in development of reserves. We shall see. Natural gas; how low will rig count go? Natural gas prices did not experience the same extreme freefall that oil did during 2008, but the impacts of credit issues, supply/demand and weather kept the uncertainty levels high. Total U.S. production increased again in 2008, and demand also increased modestly, but weakened economic conditions and declining demand late in the year pushed prices lower. Natural gas prices averaged around $9.00 per Mcf for the year, but had fallen to the $5-6.00 range by year-end. Continued softness in demand and relatively high storage inventories are expected to keep gas prices at similar levels during 2009. As always, declines in deliverability due to slower drilling activity will affect the supply/demand balance, as will weather. U.S. rig count had fallen from a high of more than 2,000 rigs in September to around 1,600 by year-end, and it appears we will see a cumulative decline of as much as 1,000 rigs from the recent peak by sometime in 2009. The recovery in activity will depend on the economic environment, weather, prices and customer spending; forecasting any one of those is difficult, but considering the collective effect of them all is next to impossible. It will be a difficult market in 2009, but we will take the necessary steps to deal with it. Financial stability in difficult times Cameron's financial position is among the best in our industry. As of yearend 2008, we had more than $1.6 billion in cash on our balance sheet, or approximately $203 million more than our total debt. We took a couple of steps to improve our financial flexibility earlier in the year; both proved to be very timely actions, given the events of the fourth quarter. In April, we increased the capacity of our bank revolver from $350 million to $585 million, and had less than $15 million borrowed under this agreement as of year-end; and in June, we issued $750 million of 10- and 30-year senior notes at attractive price levels.

8

>>> CAMERON

We continue to consider three basic options for use of our cash flow: capital expenditures that generate meaningful returns, accretive acquisitions and share repurchases. We spent $272 million in capital during the year, including some $35 million invested in our new surface equipment facility in Romania, which will be fully operational in the third quarter of 2009. Even in a market where customers are exercising caution in their spending, this will have been a solid use of cash for us. It will reduce the volume of outsourced product, improving our cost structure and profit margins in our surface business, and contributing to our goal of being the low-cost provider of surface equipment--an enviable position in a market where price has become increasingly important to customers. Acquisition opportunities lessened with the onset of the credit crisis late in the year, but we completed a total of seven transactions totaling approximately $192 million, our second most active year. These acquisitions provided product line enhancements, consolidation opportunities and market extensions, and each is expected to be immediately accretive to earnings. Valuation issues have widened the spread between buyers and sellers in recent months, but we expect to see increasing opportunities in the M&A arena during 2009. We continue to manage our share repurchase program on an opportunistic basis. We spent approximately $279 million to buy about 7.0 million shares during the year; more than $64 million of that was spent during the fourth quarter, when equity market values fell to lows we had not seen in years. Our remaining authorization for share repurchase was more than seven million shares as of year-end, and I expect we will continue to buy Cameron shares when we can do so at attractive prices. In closing... We are fortunate to have a talented and active board of directors at Cameron. I note with regret, however, that one of our senior statesmen, Nathan Avery, is retiring as of the upcoming annual meeting. Nathan has served on our board since we became a public company in 1995. His knowledge of our markets, good judgement, wonderful sense of humor and unwavering passion for Cameron will be missed. We truly wish him and his wife, Sally, all the best in the future. For the last two years, we have noted that executing on the record orders and backlog in our businesses would be our biggest challenge. We performed solidly on that front in 2007 and 2008, and are now focused on delivering on the backlog that was in place at year-end, and on dealing with an extremely uncertain environment in the oil and gas markets in 2009. We will respond by adjusting our organizations to align them with activity levels, and by maintaining our commitment to delivering exceptional products and service. We plan to emerge from this down cycle as an even stronger company, and with Cameron's market leadership position intact. Several experiences in my initial year as chief executive officer have enhanced my impressions of the many constituents that we serve, including customers, shareholders, suppliers and partners. Importantly, I am pleased to note that this year has reconfirmed my feelings regarding Cameron's employees and the care and diligence they bring to their jobs. I am grateful for their efforts, support and solid performance in what became a far more challenging year than any of us had envisioned. More challenges are certainly in sight; I look forward to addressing--and overcoming--them with this fine organization. Sincerely,

Jack B. Moore President and Chief Executive Officer

2008 Annual Report >>> 

9

