to the stockholders

The Forbidden Palace, Beijing, China. Emerging Asian markets are driving global energy consumption and offer new opportunities to Cameron's businesses.

5

6

A waterside scene near Macae, Brazil. Cameron has several manufacturing and service facilities in South America, including the aftermarket facility in Macae.

Solid execution drives 2007 performance; efficiently converting backlog into earnings remains primary challenge for 2008
 A strong overall market and our leadership positions across our primary product lines allowed the Drilling & Production Systems (DPS) group to again post record revenues and profits. The drilling, surface and subsea components of DPS once again posted their highest revenues in our history, and orders again exceeded revenues, leaving this group with a record $3.2 billion backlog at year-end. The largest of our three operating segments, DPS is also the most international; more than 75 percent of its 2007 revenues reflect sales to customers outside the U.S.  Orders in the DPS group were modestly higher in 2007 than in 2006, but the mix was different. We knew we would see a decline in drilling orders from the record levels of 2006, and we expected that decline would be offset by growth in subsea equipment bookings. That growth was not as robust as we--and industry forecasters--anticipated it would be. Still, we believe the subsea market will continue to develop, and that a number of large project awards will be announced over the next several quarters. The imminent delivery of numerous new deepwater drillships is expected to support the next wave of subsea systems bookings.  Meanwhile, drilling orders declined less than we had anticipated; demand for surface equipment, where Cameron remains the clear global leader, continued to grow, particularly in international markets; and our separation equipment business posted the highest level of bookings in its history. These factors contributed to another increase in the DPS backlog for the year, and execution is once again the primary challenge for this group.  Our Valves & Measurement (V&M) group generates most of its revenues outside the U.S., and the addition of international manufacturing capacity and the access to growing international markets has proven to be a significant plus for that business.  Two large acquisitions in V&M within the past three years have driven growth in revenues and profits, and have added a base of international manufacturing facilities that we feel make us the premier manufacturer of energy-related valves in the world. Since 2004, V&M's revenues have more than tripled, and their earnings before taxes have increased at twice that rate.  With revenues of nearly $1.3 billion and orders slightly above that figure, V&M posted another increase in backlog and faces the same challenge as DPS; to execute efficiently on the orders booked in the past year.  Compression Systems (CS) produced one of the best performances in their history during 2007, as they began with a record backlog, and generated steadily improving margins throughout the year. A little less than half of those revenues were domestic, but nearly two-thirds of the orders they booked in 2007 were from international markets.  Their improving profitability reflects a combination of improved efficiency in delivering products, a better level of cost absorption as a result of higher revenues and the acceptance in the marketplace of new products and product enhancements introduced in the last couple of years. They finished the year with another record backlog, and will be challenged to repeat their solid performance of 2007 by efficiently converting that backlog into revenues. Domestic natural gas production keeping pace with demand  Natural gas production in the U.S. increased during 2007 as gains from onshore wells more than offset a decline in Gulf of Mexico production, and new infrastructure investment is expected to lead to increases in GOM production during 2008. This, combined with continuing onshore development and relatively high inventory levels, should allow supply to keep pace with a projected modest increase in overall gas demand in the coming year. Weather, as always, will be a significant factor in consumption, storage and pricing, but normal temperatures would likely lead to a relatively balanced market.  Imports of liquefied natural gas (LNG) increased in 2007 and are expected to be higher in 2008; however, demand for LNG in other global markets and delays in infrastructure development are likely to limit any potential for LNG to cause an excess of supply in domestic markets. As a consequence of this and the factors described above, natural gas prices appear likely to remain in a range similar to that of 2007--perhaps $6.00 to $9.00 per mcf, with event-driven spikes or declines a virtual certainty. This is not to be construed as a forecast, but simply an observation on the issues that can cause price fluctuations, and therefore affect our customers' spending behavior. Whatever the market turns out to be, I am confident that we are prepared to deal with it. Growth in global consumption of oil continues  Although higher prices finally appear to have somewhat dampened oil demand in the U.S., continuing growth in global markets is expected to drive total consumption higher again in 2008. The Middle East and Asia-- particularly China--are forecast to see demand growth. On the supply side, OPEC has indicated that it expects to add to its productive capacity during 2008, but has not indicated a desire to increase quotas and production to a level that would lower oil prices from their recent relative highs. NonOPEC production is anticipated to increase, but only modestly. The basic economics, coupled with political uncertainty, appear likely to keep oil prices near the levels seen so far in early 2008.  Clearly, these price levels are generating ample cash flows for our customers, and are making more of their prospects attractive for drilling and development. That is confirmed by expectations that exploration and production spending will increase again in 2008, with an emphasis on nonNorth American prospects and on deepwater plays. As long as oil prices do not have a chilling effect on global industries, or cause demand destruction that throws economies out of balance, we should continue to see a brisk market for our products and services, particularly internationally.
7

Opportunities for reinvestment identified; cash available to take advantage
 Our model for reinvesting our cash flow remains simple: We will invest directly in our operations through capital expenditures, consider accretive acquisitions, or buy back our stock.  We invested $246 million in capital spending in 2007, continuing our efforts to upgrade facilities, add new machine tools, and otherwise improve both efficiency and cost structure. We completed our new subsea facility in Malaysia, and it is now in production. We also broke ground on a new surface equipment facility in Romania, where our experience with the labor force, quality and costs of operation has been positive. That facility will come onstream in late 2008 and will allow us to reduce the outsourcing of certain activities and improve our cost structure and profit margins in our surface business.  Acceptable acquisitions were difficult to find in 2007, and we spent a modest amount (for us) on such transactions, but we feel the acquisition of DES and its technology will prove rewarding as subsea separation and processing become more widely accepted in future years. We continue to actively evaluate options on the M&A front, and have ample resources to move on any opportunities we see as adding value.  And as always, we will consider share repurchases on an opportunistic basis. We spent more than $320 million in buying about 10.7 million shares during 2007, and had board authorization to repurchase approximately 4.0 million shares as of year-end. Management succession plans  As of April 2008, Jack B. Moore will become president and chief executive officer of the Company, replacing me as CEO. Jack has served as president and chief operating officer since January 2007, and I have no doubt that he and his management team, with the support of our global employee base, will continue to deliver the solid performance that Cameron's customers and shareholders have come to expect. I will remain as chairman of the board, and I look forward to supporting Jack and his associates in an oversight role.  Also in April, Charles M. Sledge will replace Franklin Myers as chief financial officer. Franklin has been an integral part of the management team since the Company was created in 1995, and he will continue for a time in a senior advisory role. I, along with all of Cameron's shareholders, am indebted to him for his constant attention to creating value for the shareholder and being a diligent steward of the Company's assets. Chuck has been our vice president and corporate controller since 2001, and his financial experience and familiarity with our global operations will be valuable in his new role as CFO.  In my thirteen years with this organization, I have had the opportunity to visit nearly every Cameron location around the world, including the ones depicted in this annual report. I'm pleased to tell you that the quality of our people is one constant across the Company. I will miss the regular contact with many of them, but I assure you this business is in the hands of an outstanding group.  To our employees, thank you for your efforts and support over the years; your performance has led our customers around the world to hold Cameron to a (deservedly) higher standard. I wish you well and hope you will continue to justify these high expectations.  And to our shareholders, we are pleased with the returns we have been able to generate on your behalf, and I know our people--many of whom are also owners of Cameron stock--will do their absolute best to continue to deliver aboveaverage results that should translate into superior returns. I am grateful for the opportunity I have had to work with this outstanding group of people. Sincerely,

Jack B. Moore President and Chief Operating Officer

Sheldon R. Erikson
8

