TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF COOPER CAMERON

We typically use this space to review the impact that the energy markets have had on our business during the past year. That usually involves a discussion of how we're ramping up to meet growth requirements during an upcycle, or how we're working to cut costs in the face of declining activity. During 2003, however, while the market was characterized by historically high oil and gas prices, spending by our customers remained relatively flat. Therefore, the cyclical impact of market factors on our performance was not as significant as it has been in most years. Instead, our results for the year tend to reflect our focus on the day-to-day operations in our primary business lines. For the most part, we did a good job. However, in the fourth quarter of 2003, we experienced our first significant "miss" with regard to earnings performance. We said during the year that meeting earnings expectations and delivery targets would depend not as much on market factors as on our ability to execute on project business already in our backlog. Our fourth quarter revenues and profits fell well short of expectations, due to the difficulties we encountered in executing multiple subsea systems projects simultaneously. We've identified several factors that contributed to this problem. We have taken steps to correct the weaknesses, revisit our procedures and refocus our project management practices. The subsea market has become a significant part of our orders, backlog and revenues, and we will not allow it to remain an underperforming segment of our business. The rest of our businesses performed about as we had anticipated. Revenues in Cameron's drilling business were up 12 percent, and the surface business was about even with the prior year. Each of these includes a substantial aftermarket component. Margins in those businesses, however, reflected the competitive nature of the markets they serve. Simply put, we couldn't raise prices in this market, and our cost reduction efforts did not keep pace with cost increases. Cooper Cameron Valves' (CCV) revenues increased, but only because of the late 2002 acquisition of a Canadian valve manufacturer. The market for distributor products was up slightly, but engineered products were relatively soft this year, and we had a better (higher-margin) mix of business in 2002, especially in the engineered category. As a result, CCV's consolidated EBITDA margins were lower in 2003 than in 2002. Cooper Compression improved its profitability during the year, despite a decline in revenues. We've taken significant steps over the past few years to revamp the cost structure in our gas compression business. Now, the combination of those efforts (in what has been a difficult environment), greater penetration into international markets and an encouraging outlook for our air compression product line has begun to yield better results.
Focus on creating shareholder value

The overall pace of activity in our business depends on how much our customers choose to spend with us and our peers. While that has a meaningful impact on where we are in a cycle, we were reminded this past year of how important it is for us to remember our basic charge as a public company: Taking actions to add to the value of our shareholders' investment. We have a number of strengths that support our efforts. Our Cameron businesses are market leaders in their primary product lines; we have done a good job of generating cash from operations; we continue to find new applications for our Six Sigma efforts to improve productivity and efficiency; and our balance sheet is extremely strong, and gives us the financial flexibility to consider, and execute on, a variety of options for improving our market positions or to buy back our own shares. What, then, are the things we're focused on to take advantage of these strengths and continue to add value to this company? Across all of our business lines, we're considering opportunities to enter new markets and add products that can enhance our growth potential, either through direct investment in technology or by acquisition. We're finding new applications for our Six Sigma efforts, especially in pursuing cost reductions. In a market where it's tough to improve margins by adding price to the top line, we must keep aggressively trimming the expense line by being more efficient, reducing material costs and keeping "cost creep" to a minimum. At Cameron, we are the market share leader in most of our product lines, and our leadership positions are a result of a history of offering quality and reliability; providing high value, not low price. We will aggressively defend our status, but we will not attempt to capture or maintain market share at the expense of profitability. New product development continues as an important objective for Cameron. The introduction of an all-electric subsea production system will be the central theme of our participation at this year's Offshore Technology Conference in Houston in May 2004, and we look forward to demonstrating to our customers how this new technology can generate significant cost savings for them.

Our balance sheet is extremely strong,
and gives us the financial flexibility to consider, and execute on, a variety of options for improving our market positions or to buy back our own shares.

3

In its recent history, CCV has done a stellar job of maintaining or improving margins on its products by seeking out less expensive sources for materials and constantly fine-tuning manufacturing processes. Their emphasis on supply chain management has allowed them to consistently deliver strong returns by closely watching their costs, and we will continue to allocate capital to opportunities to improve their critical mass and performance. The timely acquisition of Nutron at the end of 2002 proved to be a solid addition at the right time, as the strength in the Canadian markets translated into better-than-expected performance on those invested dollars. Nearly two-thirds of Cooper Compression's revenues in recent years have come from the parts and services they provide through their aftermarket efforts, especially in the energy markets. That business softened in 2003 as traditional customers dealt with financial difficulties and market uncertainty, and competitive pressures increased. Cooper Compression's response has been to expand alliances with select customers, improve channels to market for spare parts and realign the sales force to suit customers' needs. Meanwhile, both our gas and air compression businesses have been successful in penetrating overseas markets, and we expect to take advantage of more such opportunities in 2004.
Natural gas prices remain high; will activity respond?

Natural gas prices typically move relative to oil prices, and with oil averaging above $30 per barrel for 2003, the average natural gas price remained above $5.00 an mcf for the year. These higher prices contributed to demand destruction in certain industrial markets, and resulted in a net decline in natural gas demand of between two and three percent during 2003. Meanwhile, the U.S. gas rig count moved higher throughout the year, although the rate of increase slowed significantly in the second half. As a result, producers were able to deliver enough gas to allow storage to return to more normal levels after declining significantly coming out of last winter. North American activity remains an important contributor to our business; we'll see what impact supply and demand have on prices, and on the spending behavior of our customers. A strengthening U.S. economy and some moderation in pricing are expected to generate an increase in natural gas demand of slightly more than one percent in 2004, with these factors anticipated to fuel continuing demand growth in 2005. While natural gas is still primarily a North American market commodity, its role in global economies is becoming increasingly important. Additional discovery and development of international gas reserves and the long-term impact of LNG production and transportation should have an increasing impact on our businesses.
HSE commitment: Cooper Cameron's approach to health, safety and environmental (HSE) excellence entails partnering with our constituents, including customers, suppliers and the communities where we operate, to ensure safe operating conditions and minimal environmental impact. The effort begins with the communication of management's wholesale support for the HSE program and encompasses extensive training, ongoing education, establishing objectives and regular, formal performance reviews. Evaluations lead to recognition of success stories, and to development of new tools for managing, measuring and improving HSE policies. High expectations foster impressive results. Milestones attained by various Cooper Cameron business units during the year include Cooper Compression's Salina, Kansas and Garden Grove, California facilities, which have each gone more than 1,300 days without a lost-time accident; Cameron's Leeds, England plant, which recorded one million man-hours worked without a lost-time accident; the Beziers, France facility, shared by Cameron and CCV, which also reached the one million man-hours mark; and the Cameron Singapore plant, which was commended for its comprehensive SARS Control Plan, ensuring the health and safety of the plant's employees during the SARS outbreak. And in April 2003, 25 participants representing Cooper Cameron helped raise nearly $10,000 for Multiple Sclerosis research by riding in the annual MS 150 Bike Tour from Houston to Austin, Texas. ISO 14001 is an international standard for environmental management systems. Certification requires developing programs to identify and address environmental matters, implementing processes that solve current issues and establishing practices that ensure regular review and continual improvement on the environmental front. During 2003, Cooper Cameron's Buffalo, New York facility was added to the list of company locations that have received ISO 14001 certification. Cooper Cameron employees are focused on world-class HSE performance, and are constantly working with our customers, contractors and suppliers to confirm our commitment to the vision that "No one gets hurt. Nothing gets harmed."
$1,563 $1,634 $1,538 14.7%

Focused on a common vision

$1,470

$1,384

$231

12.1%

10.6%

$162

$164

9.7%

10.0%

$177

$125 $67 $82

$134

99 00 01 02 03 Revenues ($ millions)

99 00 01 02 03 EBITDA ($ millions)

99 00 01 02 03 EBITDA (as a percent of revenues)

99 00 01 02 03 Capital Expenditures ($ millions)

4

$65

$65

Global energy demand continues to rise

Global oil demand grew by something less than two percent in 2003, and is forecast to increase by at least that much during 2004 and 2005. U.S. oil demand increased in 2003, aided by substitution of oil for natural gas in certain industrial applications, including electric power generation. Although some of that substitution is likely to switch back during 2004, additional industrial consumption and a stronger U.S. economy are expected to drive another increase in demand. OPEC appears likely to continue to exercise restraint in its pricing policies. While non-OPEC supply is forecast to increase, with gains expected from Russia, followed by Africa, Canada and Mexico, overall world demand growth should absorb much of the increase. As a result, oil prices are generally expected to remain near historical highs, probably at or slightly below the $30 per barrel mark. Oil supply and pricing will continue to be driven by a combination of geopolitical, financial and economic influences.
Financial position remains strong

Debt, net of cash and short-term investments, was down to $155 million at year-end, and our net debt-to-capitalization ratio was about 12 percent. We do have some near-term cash needs. We recently announced an agreement to acquire Petreco International, a supplier of oil and gas separation equipment, for approximately $90 million. In addition, we expect to refinance $260 million of convertible debentures that were issued in 2001 and will likely be put back to us in May of this year. With nearly $300 million of cash at year-end, and a $200 million bank credit agreement signed in December, our financial flexibility remains solid, even with the commitments noted above. Our possible uses of cash include reinvesting through capital spending, acquisitions and stock repurchase. As always, we will evaluate those options against each other. During the fourth quarter of 2003, we repurchased about 245,000 shares. Combined with the August 2003 purchase of just over a million shares that had been acquired on our behalf by one of our banks, we bought back more than 1.25 million shares of our common stock during the year. We will continue to consider such purchases.
In closing

I am saddened to report that Grant Dove, who retired from our board in 2002, passed away in November after an extended illness. He had served as a director of Cooper Cameron since the Company's creation in 1995, and my association with him extends back more than 18 years. We were fortunate to have benefited from Grant's experience and counsel, and he was a good friend to many of us. He will be missed. Our fourth quarter financial and operating shortfall was a painful reminder of the need to remain focused on the basics: managing the assets of this company in a way that protects and, over time, increases the value of your investment. We take that responsibility very seriously. We appreciate your interest, and we will continue to work to earn your trust and your support.

Sincerely,

Sheldon R. Erikson, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

$1,740

$1,665

$1,747

22.1%

$947

$1,406

$1,303

$828

$256

$695

$202

17.3%

21.7% 13.9%

$176

$169

99 00 01 02 03 Orders ($ millions)

99 00 01 02 03 Backlog (at year-end, $ millions)

99 00 01 02 03 Debt (net of cash and short-term investments) ($ millions)

99 00 01 02 03 Debt/Cap at year-end (net debt/total capitalization)

5

12.0%

$528

$513

$155

