To the Stockholders

We are... Cameron.
The Cameron name and its long-time reputation for quality and service are well-known in the energy industry. In early 2006, we chose to extend this name recognition across all of our product lines. We now go to market under the single brand name of "Cameron," which we believe will aid our customers' awareness of the broad range of flow equipment products, systems and services that are available under the Cameron umbrella. Similarly, our employees can readily identify with the global presence that comes from having the same brand name on every business card and letterhead.

I hope that subsequent years under the Cameron name are as successful as 2006 was. We again posted records in earnings and revenues, and our stock price reached another new all-time high. The record performances in 2006 included the following:  ·Cameron's earnings per share increased to a   record $2.72, up 79 percent from the record  level of 2005.  ·Total revenues reached a new high of $3.74 billion,  up 49 percent from 2005's record $2.52 billion.  ·Our stock price reached a new high of $57.81 in  December, and closed the year at $53.05, up  more than 28 percent for 2006. Since our  formation as a public company in 1995, our stock  price has increased at an average annual rate of   more than 20 percent.  ·We reinvested nearly $185 million in capital  expenditures to expand capacity, improve  productivity and lower costs in many of our  facilities, and also used more than $280 million to  repurchase 6.2 million shares of our  common stock. 4

In addition to the financial results noted above, the strong market environment helped lay the groundwork for future performance. We booked orders totaling nearly $5.1 billion for the year, which was more than 46 percent above the record levels of 2005. As a result, we began 2007 with a backlog in excess of $3.5 billion, more than 63 percent above the level of a year ago. Our backlog has grown each year since 1999.  Our success in meeting the operating and financial goals we have set for 2007 will depend primarily on our ability to efficiently convert this backlog into revenues and earnings. I believe that all of our businesses are positioned to do so. Order growth and acquisition integration drive solid 2006, set stage for 2007 The Drilling & Production Systems (DPS) group's revenues reached a record $2.1 billion in 2006, up 40 percent from 2005's previous highs, as the drilling, surface and subsea components of DPS all posted their highest revenues in our history. DPS orders again exceeded revenues for the year, and backlog grew from $1.5 billion at year-end 2005 to nearly $2.7 billion at the end of 2006.


in our business.

building the future
We had another good cash flow year in 2006, and have a variety of

Generating free cash from operations gives us the flexibility to choose how we reinvest

opportunities available for using these funds, including capital expenditures, acquisitions and share repurchases.

We are Cameron

5

 Orders for surface equipment, which still represent the largest percentage of Cameron's revenues, hit new highs, and subsea project awards were also strong, although they were below the 2005 record totals that included a single booking of more than $400 million. The majority of the order growth for DPS, however, was fueled by a wave of orders for blowout preventers and related equipment for new deepwater rigs. These newbuild rig equipment orders are being driven by the ever-expanding needs to drill in offshore regions that provide the operators with the largest reservoir opportunities. On the heels of this investment in new rigs, we fully expect to see a significant number of new subsea tree orders, as this new drilling and installation capacity comes into the market.  The DPS backlog at the beginning of 2007 was more than a billion dollars higher than the level of a year ago. Much of the drilling-related equipment is scheduled to be delivered over the next two to three years, which gives us a measure of visibility with regard to future revenues and allows us to allocate resources and capacity accordingly. The surface and aftermarket components in backlog will have shorter lead times, and efficient execution and delivery will be the focal point for the DPS group.  We have often responded to questions about growth rate forecasts in our businesses with the comment that our markets' dependence on commodity prices ensures that activity will run in cycles. The Valves & Measurement (V&M) group's performance since 2004 is making it difficult to stick to that argument.  In 2004, V&M generated $350 million in revenues. Two years later, through a combination of successful acquisitions, industry growth and capturing market share, they have become nearly a $1.2 billion business, and their profit margins have improved significantly. The Dresser On/Off Valve acquisition was the primary contributor to the gains in sales and profitability posted in this segment, but the performance was the result of much more than just combining one business with another. The V&M organization did a stellar job of incorporating the valve manufacturing operations of Dresser, much like they did in the PCC acquisition of the prior year. The people, facilities and product offerings that came with the Dresser transaction have proven to be valuable additions to the Cameron franchise.  A year ago, we expected the acquisition to have only a minimal effect on near-term results, but we underestimated the impact on 2006. The combined

businesses nearly doubled in profitability as measured in EBITDA dollars, and we anticipate further increases in V&M's revenues and earnings during 2007.  Compression Systems (CS) generated increases in revenues and earnings for the third year in a row. Their energy-related business was helped by the overall activity levels in domestic natural gas markets, and they also saw a greater share of their revenues come from sales outside the U.S. The increase in the air compression side reflected strong demand from air separation customers in both U.S. and international markets, continued solid demand from industrial compression equipment customers and the favorable impact of new product introductions.  Meanwhile, orders in the CS division have continued at a pace that has caused backlog to increase steadily throughout the year, and they finished 2006 with a backlog more than twice the level of year-end 2004. As is true across all our business lines, execution will be a critical factor in meeting expectations for gains in revenues and earnings. Domestic natural gas supply, demand remain relatively balanced U.S. natural gas production increased during 2006 as much of the Gulf of Mexico productive capacity that was lost to the 2005 hurricanes was restored, and domestic demand was actually flat to slightly lower during the year. As a result, the average natural gas price in the U.S. was lower in 2006 than in 2005, and gas in storage at year-end 2006 was not just up from the prior year, but was at the upper end of historical levels.  While the majority of our revenues are generated outside the U.S., we are nevertheless mindful of the impact of domestic natural gas markets on our business. Gas demand in the U.S. is expected to grow in 2007, perhaps by one to two percent, and production is forecast to be flat to lower for the year as producers find it difficult to increase deliverability from mature regions like the Gulf of Mexico. In that scenario, prices are likely to be stable to higher, and that implies that our customers will continue to spend money on the products and services we provide. Of course, weather will always be a factor in domestic gas markets. As 2007 began, expectations of a mild winter were keeping natural gas prices at levels modestly lower than the 2006 averages; we will see how that plays out during the balance of the year, and we will adjust accordingly to respond to our customers' needs.

6

World oil markets Cameron's presence in energy markets worldwide ensures that the price of, and demand for, oil will continue to be the most significant factors affecting demand for our products and services. Global demand for oil increased modestly in 2006, and is expected to grow again in 2007, with the U.S. and China accounting for most of the increase in consumption. Overall supply is projected to increase during 2007, supported by gains in productive capacity from non-OPEC countries.  High oil prices do not appear to have had a significant dampening effect on worldwide economies. The apparent stability in global economic activity seems to support the premise that we have established a new range of "acceptable" price levels for oil. We saw prices vary from the $50/barrel level to the low $70s during the year--up from the $40 to $60 range in 2005--with only limited impact on economic growth. And while OPEC appears to have embraced the idea that production cuts are reasonable when prices fall into the $50s, it does not seem likely that global oil supply could outstrip demand to the extent that prices could fall much below the low $50s. But we are not compensated for our ability to predict commodity prices; instead, we will continue to take the approach of evaluating possible impacts on our business from price fluctuations, and will manage our operations with an eye toward being responsive to changes in prices and in our customers' behavior. Cash generation supports reinvestment, acquisitions Generating free cash from operations gives us the flexibility to choose how we reinvest in our business. We had another good cash flow year in 2006, and have a variety of opportunities available for using these funds, including capital expenditures, acquisitions and share repurchases.  Our capital spending program is a clear indicator of our commitment to efficiency improvements through constructive reinvestment in facilities. During 2006, our capital expenditures totaled $185 million, including $8 million related to our new subsea facility in Malaysia. These investments are allowing us to respond to the record levels of orders and backlog established during the year, and are effectively increasing capacity -- and profitability -- without adding significant roofline. Further, in the event of any downturn in activity, we expect these enhancements to reinforce our position as one of the low-cost operators in the industry. That

should allow us to maintain our record of uninterrupted profitability even if the energy business enters another down cycle.  With the Dresser integration in process, we spent a lesser amount on acquisitions in 2006, and we continued to selectively buy back our own stock during the year. We spent approximately $280 million to repurchase about 6.2 million shares, and we will continue to consider both acquisitions and share repurchases as uses of cash. As of year-end 2006, we had authority to purchase approximately 8.2 million shares. Management changes In November, we announced that Jack B. Moore had been elected by our board as president and chief operating officer of the Company, effective January 1, 2007. I have served as president and chief executive officer of the Company since 1995, and I will continue as chairman and CEO. Jack will be responsible for the operating performance across all of Cameron's businesses, and will share with me an active role in the day-to-day management of the Company. Jack has served as the president of the Drilling & Production Systems group since 2002, and has been with the Company since 1999. John D. Carne replaces Jack as president of the DPS organization after having served as president of the Valves & Measurement group since 2002, and James E. Wright was named president of the V&M group to replace John. John and Jim have each been with Cameron and its predecessors for more than thirty years, and bring a solid combination of experience and leadership to their new positions. We are... committed to sustainable performance Our performance as a publicly traded company is graded by the investment community on a daily basis on a single performance scorecard: Our stock price. We operate our businesses in a manner that we expect will generate the highest long-term value to our stockholders. We do not obsess over day-to-day fluctuations in the value assigned us by the market. In addition, we realize that movements in our price are often directly related to changes in commodity prices or how the financial markets assess the prospects for those of us in the oil service industry. Cameron and its employees--many of whom, like me, are shareholders--are committed to delivering performance that translates into superior returns to our investors. Thank you for choosing to partner with us in that effort.  Sincerely,

  

Sheldon R. Erikson Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

We are Cameron

7

