To the Stockholders of Cooper Cameron

There was a time when $40/barrel oil and $6/mcf natural gas would have meant that our industry would be pushed to its limits to keep up with drilling activity and demand for the products and services we provide. That doesn't seem to be the case anymore. Make no mistake; activity across our business lines is good. During 2004, Cooper Cameron posted its highest earnings per share since 1998, and our financial position has never been better. Still, there's a sense in the oilpatch that things could be better, or prices could be higher, or oil and gas companies could be more active in searching for new reserves to replace those being consumed by growing demand. Regardless of what happens in the marketplace, we must deal with the circumstances. That means being prepared if customers hasten their pace of activity, or if oil and gas prices tumble and spending slows.

We're able to handle whatever the market brings us. Cooper Cameron will celebrate its tenth anniversary as a publicly traded company in July of this year, and in that time, we've experienced the full range of industry conditions. The challenges of scaling up activity to meet robust demand are certainly more rewarding to deal with than downsizing and cutting costs when business is slow.

 Cooper Cameron's total revenues this year were a record, at slightly more than $2 billion.  We recovered from a poor financial performance in the fourth quarter of 2003 to post positive year-over-year comparisons in every quarter during 2004.  Our backlog reached $1 billion, the highest in our history.  Orders reached an all-time record of more than $2 billion.  Earnings per share were up 40 percent from a year ago, and we expect earnings to increase again in 2005.  We spent more than $170 million on accretive acquisitions and $95 million on stock repurchases.  We refinanced approximately $440 million of debt, and we have one of the strongest balance sheets in the industry. While proud of the progress cited above, we believe we can do even more to ensure that we deliver shareholder value more in keeping with our historical performance. We are as committed to that goal as we have ever been.

Our backlog reached $1 billion, the highest in our history.
During the last couple of years, certain industry benchmarks, like rig count and global exploration and production spending, have been less volatile, but shown more steady, although modest, growth. Our major customers have reinvested in their businesses at rates lower than in the past, and their oil and gas reserves continue to fall. This is happening in the face of increasing demand for hydrocarbon products, particularly from China. We believe we've done the right things to respond to the market on behalf of our constituents--customers, shareholders and employees--and the results are apparent in the following:

2

A couple of other points bear mentioning in this forum. There is no question that the cost of doing business as a public company has gone up. New requirements for the review and confirmation of internal controls, accounting practices and the reliability of financial statements have caused us to spend a substantial amount of time, and of our stockholders' money, to certify that we are doing business-- and accounting for it--the right way. I am pleased to note that our processes and procedures have passed muster under the guidelines set forth by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and related regulations. I had no doubt that our people were performing their duties in an ethical and proper manner; but it's rewarding to see that confirmed under the microscope of such stringent standards. On another front, you will see, beginning in 2005, that our financial results will include an expense related to stock option grants made to our employees as a part of their compensation. Since our creation, we have viewed options as a powerful tool for aligning employees' interests with that of stockholders; if the stock price goes higher, everyone-- both shareholders and employees--is rewarded. If it does not, nobody wins. Given the new and, I believe, misdirected accounting rules addressing expensing of option grants, we have chosen to reduce significantly the use of stock options in our compensation programs, as we do not want to burden our earnings with the attendant non-cash charges. Personally, I believe that the true cost of stock options is already reflected in a company's results; if an option is exercised (because the price has gone up), the stock that is acquired is added to the company's total shares outstanding, and is reflected in the value per share of the company's earnings and equity. The requirement to recognize some assigned expense at the time options are granted seems to me to be poor accounting. At any rate, we will use far fewer stock option grants in our future compensation and bonus programs, and will record a related expense in our financial results. On a related front, our ongoing share repurchase program has served us well to offset much of the dilutive impact from prior option grants. Since becoming a public company in 1995, we have less net debt; our market capitalization has increased sevenfold; and our share count has increased only seven percent. Businesses all expected to continue solid performances in 2005 Increased deliveries of subsea systems and the early2004 acquisition of Petreco pushed Cameron's revenues to record levels. Subsea revenues were the highest in our history, exceeding $500 million; the drilling business posted

a meaningful increase, primarily on the strength of new equipment orders; and the surface business showed a modest gain over a year ago. A lack of significant subsea project awards during much of 2003 and early 2004 could cause subsea revenues to be lower in 2005, but the surface and drilling businesses are expected to hold up well, and the margins on Cameron's overall revenues should improve during the year. Subsea orders stemming from deepwater projects, however, are expected to increase during 2005, as activity in this market provides our customers with the opportunity to work in a relatively new frontier offering the largest untouched reservoirs. The recent increase in deepwater rig activity is a good leading indicator of this market. Longer-term, we are encouraged about Cameron's all-electric subsea production system, which was introduced to the market in early 2004. We have filed numerous U.S. and international patents on the system and believe it has the potential to be a game-changing technology advancement for the subsea markets.

Since becoming a public company in 1995, we have less net debt; our market capitalization has increased sevenfold; and our share count has increased only seven percent.
Cooper Cameron Valves (CCV) posted the highest revenues in its history, helped by increased sales in international markets, particularly Asia, and continued to generate solid margins across its product lines. The late-2004 acquisition of several valve manufacturing businesses will add significantly to CCV 's revenues during 2005. While the acquisition is expected to be moderately additive to 2005 earnings as well, the full benefits of the new facilities will not be realized until late this year or early 2006, as the new operations are folded into the CCV organization. Cooper Compression's revenues and earnings were up solidly in 2004, reflecting the impact of ongoing restructuring efforts and an improved market for both gas and air compression equipment. As in CCV, demand for product in international markets was up nicely, led by gains in Europe and Asia for the air compression business. A solid year-end backlog and an encouraging outlook for more international orders should support another increase in both revenues and profits for Cooper Compression during 2005. Several new marketing initiatives, particularly in the aftermarket business, and continued focus on cost issues will also be key to further improvement in this division.

3

Natural gas demand growth to resume Several of our businesses are tied directly to the production and transmission of natural gas. U.S. natural gas consumption was essentially flat in 2004 compared with 2003, with about 22 trillion cubic feet (Tcf ) used each year. Prices remained relatively constant--excluding the typical swings in spot markets--at around $6.00 per thousand cubic feet (Mcf ). As it did in 2003, the U.S. gas rig count increased modestly during 2004, though the rate of increase was not as brisk as the prior year, and gas storage at year-end reached levels slightly higher than those of a year ago. Growth in demand for natural gas is expected to resume in 2005 and 2006, increasing in line with a stronger economy in the U.S. Still, with storage levels relatively high and the possibility of domestic production increasing slightly, prices may moderate during 2005. Natural gas remains primarily a North American market commodity, but development of international gas reserves and increased spending on liquefied natural gas (LNG) is expected in the future and will have an increasing impact on upstream activity and on our businesses.

China fuels global energy demand growth With sales into nearly every energy-producing region in the world, oil markets also are a key driver for many of our operations. World demand for oil increased by just over three percent during 2004, driven primarily by a significant increase in China's energy consumption. While global demand growth is expected to moderate in 2005 and 2006 to approximately 2.5 percent annually, the emergence of China as a major energy consumer will have a lasting effect on worldwide supply and demand for crude oil. U.S. oil demand was up about 2.2 percent in 2004, and is forecast to increase by approximately two percent in each of 2005 and 2006, with gasoline and jet fuel consumption driving the gains. Oil prices moved steadily higher during the year, and may dampen global economic activity, resulting in the moderation of demand growth noted above. OPEC was successful in increasing production capacity during 2004 in response to prices, and non-OPEC supply is expected to increase in 2005. The net impact on pricing will ultimately be a function of the actual rate of growth in demand, inventory levels and the strength of the dollar, as well as the geopolitical influences that always impact the oil markets.

Corporate Social Responsibility
Cooper Cameron is keenly aware of the social, environmental and economic impacts the Company's operations can have on the variety of locations where we do business. Cooper Cameron has established itself as a good corporate citizen wherever we operate. We believe that our current policies and practices, across all of our business lines and global locations, provide effective guidelines for the Company's approach to its role as a socially responsible corporate citizen. Cooper Cameron's Standards of Conduct expressly address the Company's commitment to ethics, integrity and maintaining its role as a good citizen in every country and community where we do business. Such guidelines include adhering to all local rules and regulations, providing a safe and healthy workplace with competitive wages and benefits and safeguarding the environment. We have repeatedly won awards for our health and safety programs in a variety of locales, including Singapore and Leeds, England. The standards and practices that provide the foundation for such performance are an integral part of the training processes at our newer facilities, such as those in Nigeria, Angola and Equatorial Guinea, where we are establishing operations and relationships that will benefit our company and the local economies for years to come. While Cameron has operated for many years in Nigeria, where most members of the management team are local personnel, our employment in the West Africa region has doubled since 2001. Cameron is taking steps to ensure that the technical skills of the local workforce are consistent with those at other Cameron locations worldwide. The Company's longer-term commitments in the region include sponsorship of a program in Angola where Cameron will foster the education of local students from age five through high school, and an ongoing community support program that will provide for the rehabilitation of local schools and make additional educational supplies available to teachers and students. Additionally, the Codes of Ethics for the Company's senior officers and for the Company's board of directors set out clear standards for proper behavior and appropriate disclosure of financial results. These documents are available in the Ethics & Governance section of the Company's website at www.coopercameron.com. We believe that the Company's historical performance in its operations, the enhanced disclosure standards of recent years and the current emphasis on transparency in reporting financial and operating results serve to fully inform investors about the social, economic and environmental impacts of Cooper Cameron's operations. Our board of directors regularly reviews the Company's performance from a social responsibility perspective, and is committed to updating the Company's procedures and practices when any need for changes or revisions is identified.

$195

59.8

$2,093

$178

$95

$125

55.0

58.1

59.8

$1,564

$1,538

$1,634

$1,387

$125

$102

$82

$67

$65

$54

$20

$25

$49

00 01 02 03 04 Revenues ($ millions)

00 01 02 03 04 Cash Flow From Operations ($ millions)

00 01 02 03 04 Capital Expenditures ($ millions)

00 01 02 03 04 Share Repurchases ($ millions)

00 01 02 03 04 Diluted Shares Outstanding (millions)

4

53.8

Balance sheet supports acquisitions, share repurchase During 2003, we took a very conservative approach to managing our overall financial position as we assessed the opportunity to complete a significant acquisition. Later that year, when it was apparent that we would not complete the transaction, we repurchased a significant amount of our common stock. During 2004, we continued to redeploy cash through a mix of acquisitions and share repurchases. Today, our balance sheet remains one of the strongest in the industry. We closed three acquisitions during the year with a total value of more than $170 million. We acquired Petreco International, a supplier of oil and gas separation equipment, for approximately $90 million in February 2004, and spent another $7 million in July to add some additional separation technology to Petreco via the acquisition of Unicel. These businesses added $0.14 per share to our 2004 earnings. In November, we acquired several valve manufacturing businesses with facilities in the U.S. and Europe for approximately $80 million. We expect this transaction to be immediately additive to earnings, and should see additional cost synergies over time. We also spent $95 million during the year to repurchase nearly two million shares of common stock, and we will continue to evaluate acquisitions or repurchase of our own shares as beneficial uses of our cash. During 2004, our board of directors updated the terms of our share repurchase program, authorizing us to buy up to five million shares. As of year-end 2004, we had approximately 4.4 million shares remaining under this authorization. We also took advantage of an attractive interest rate environment by refinancing a substantial portion of our debt during the year. We repurchased $443 million of our convertible debentures that were originally issued in 2001, and completed two new financings: $200 million of 2.65 percent senior notes due in 2007, and $238 million of 1.5 percent convertible debentures due in 2024. The following effectively demonstrates the significance of our cash-generating capability: During 2004, we spent $54 million on capital expenditures, $171 million on acquisitions and $95 million on share repurchase, and our net debt went up by less than $85 million for the year. At year-end, our debt, net of cash and short-term investments, was just under $240 million, and our net debt-to-capitalization ratio was 16.3 percent.

"We believe..."

The next several pages reference some of our thoughts on what we believe about our businesses and the way we run them. The people pictured throughout this report are all employees of Cooper Cameron and its divisions, and I believe they will keep finding better ways to deliver quality to our customers and value to our investors. They deserve your support; they have already earned mine. Whether you are a customer, partner, supplier or investor, we are grateful for your interest in Cooper Cameron and hope that 2005 brings more success stories for all of us.

Sincerely,

Sheldon R. Erikson Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

$2,009

$1,000

$947

$256

$1,740

$1,747

$239

$1,665

17.3%

21.7%

$1,406

$169

13.9%

$176

00 01 02 03 04 Orders ($ millions)

00 01 02 03 04 Backlog (at year-end, $ millions)

$528

00 01 02 03 04 Total Debt (net of cash) ($ millions)

00 01 02 03 04 Net Debt/Cap at year-end (Net Debt/Total Capitalization)

12.0%

$695

$155

16.3%

$828

5

