To our shareholders:
Last year there was no stopping Avis Budget Group. In our first full year as a stand-alone public company, we reported record revenue while improving the way we function.
2007 was a year of transition and positive change, a year in which we not only met the many challenges faced by our industry as a whole, but also took bold steps to drive strong revenue growth, and lower our operating costs through our new Performance Excellence initiative. We posted record revenue of $6 billion, achieving year-over-year growth of five percent. We continue to hold the leading share of the intensely competitive on-airport segment of the U.S. car rental industry, while further expanding both our geographic footprint and service offerings within the growing off-airport segment. And we succeeded in lowering the non-fleet operating costs of our car rental operations in 2007, measured on a per-rental-day basis. We attribute our accomplishments to a relentless focus across our entire business on our core strategies: ® Enhancing our strong brands ® Driving revenue growth ® Capturing incremental profit opportunities Enhancing Our Brands Avis continues to be a leading brand within the premium segment of the vehicle rental industry, recognized as the best rental car brand by travel agents and by consumers, who have established Avis as a leader in brand loyalty.1 Avis customers enjoyed the benefit of many new products and services that we launched over the course of the year, including an exclusive portable wireless Inter-

Ronald L. Nelson

F. Robert Salerno

net access system called Avis Connect; expansion of eToll electronic toll collection services to more cities and more vehicles; and the international roll-out of Avis's trend-setting where2 GPS navigation system. Our new products and services help Avis renters avoid time-wasting delays while traveling so as to be able to make the most of their time away from home. At the same time, we are highlighting a unique brand benefit that demonstrates how Avis continues to deliver against its "We Try Harder" service promise in the digital age. In our Budget brand, we allow customers to benefit from great deals and everyday low prices that continue to make Budget a leading brand among price-conscious consumers for both car and truck rental. In fact, Budget was recognized as "Leading Provider of Outstanding Car Rental Deals" in 2007 by a major online travel portal. With half of all rental car consumer purchase decisions based on price, being the acknowledged leader in providing great deals has proven to be a compelling and successful brand positioning. To better serve our customers' needs, Avis Budget Group in 2007 acquired a 48 percent interest in Carey International Inc., the largest global provider of chauffeured transportation services. The Carey brand is an outstanding complement to Avis and Budget, representing quality and service excellence in local transportation solutions. By marketing Carey's services with those of Avis and Budget, we will be able to offer business clients the most comprehensive suite of local transportation services available anywhere. Driving Revenue Growth In addition to maintaining our leading airport presence, we continue to expand our penetration in the nonairport, or local segment of the vehicle rental industry.

We have opened nearly 400 new locations over the last two years, and we have launched proprietary technology for insurance companies, which enabled us to increase insurance replacement revenue by more than 25 percent in 2007. We believe non-airport volumes have been faster-growing and less impacted by enplanement trends over the last decade, and we intend to continue to increase our presence in this segment. We significantly increased the revenue we generate from ancillary products. Our where2 GPS navigation system is now available nationally and internationally and our electronic toll collection services have been expanded to new regions. In addition, we have increased sales of traditional ancillary products such as gasoline and loss damage waivers. We have fueled revenue growth further through the signing of new affiliation agreements with travel partners and associations, and through increased bookings from online travel portals and travel partner Web sites. Our goal is to continue each of these favorable trends and to offer additional ancillary products and services that help meet our customers' needs. Capturing Profit Our ancillary revenue products not only enhance our customers' vehicle rental experience and our top-line results; they can also make a substantial contribution to our earnings. where2 GPS rentals, for example, contributed more than $35 million to pretax income in 2007, compared to approximately $1 million the prior year. As a result, we are increasingly confident that ancillary products and services can make car and truck rental transactions more profitable than they would

Our Performance Excellence team reviewed our operational processes and created new ways of working that greatly reduced our operating costs.

otherwise be, which supports our objective of capturing incremental profit opportunities related to our business. We are pursuing profit-enhancing opportunities in many areas. As our entire industry has seen margins challenged by an intensely competitive pricing environment and increases in fleet and personnel costs, we launched our Performance Excellence initiative to identify opportunities to improve our operational processes and ensure that our cost base is as low as possible. We expect that this initiative will allow us to reduce our annual operating costs by $100 to $150 million over the next two to three years. In addition, we continue to mitigate fleet vehicle price increases through the ongoing shift toward more non-program cars, which are not subject to manufacturer repurchase agreements; greater diversity in the manufacturers who supply us with vehicles; and improved fleet and yield management to ensure that we have the right vehicles available in the right places at the right time, and at the right price. Despite our efforts and the significant benefits that our Performance Excellence initiative will provide, our stock price in late 2007 and early 2008 has been weighed down by macroeconomic and credit concerns impacting our entire industry. We are monitoring those issues and working to mitigate the effects of any economic weakening or credit tightening that may occur. Our focus, however, remains on the longterm strength of the Company, which is driven by our ability to continue to provide an outstanding vehicle rental experience to our customers.

Raising the Bar At the same time, we continue to improve our position as a public company. We have launched major organizational initiatives to protect customers' personally identifiable information, enhance employee satisfaction and loyalty, measure and mitigate our environmental impact, and strengthen our corporate governance oversight­raising the bar at every opportunity on behalf of our shareholders. As of January 1, 2008, Institutional Shareholder Services rates Avis Budget Group's corporate governance better than 86.9% of S&P 400 companies and 93.8% of Transportation companies. We expect to reduce our environmental impact through the creation of an Environmental Management System in accordance with ISO 14001 standards. All of these changes were part of an exciting year that marked only the beginning of the journey we have undertaken. We would like to take this opportunity to thank our employees, customers and investors for their commitment to us in 2007 and to share our optimism that 2008 promises to be even more exciting. Sincerely,

Ronald L. Nelson Chairman and Chief Executive Officer April 2008

F. Robert Salerno President and Chief Operating Officer

1 Avis was recognized by travel professionals around the world as "North America's Leading Car Hire" at the regional World Travel Awards for The Americas.

