A letter to our shareholders
2006 was an historic year for Avis Budget Group. We remember it with pride for our ability to maintain our focus on driving growth in the face of challenges that included significant fleet cost increases, weak domestic enplanements, the evolution of our corporate structure, and changes to the ownership profiles of the vehicle rental industry as a whole.
Despite these obstacles, we delivered record annual revenues of more than $5.6 billion. We maintained our #1 position in the U.S. airport segment and continue to be the largest general-use vehicle rental company in North America. At the same time, we significantly Ronald L. Nelson F. Robert Salerno expanded our network of off-airport locations, adding nearly 200 new locations and increasing revenue by 18 percent. We added major new commercial accounts while retaining 98 percent of existing corporate customers, continued our strong growth in serving small businesses, and rapidly expanded our insurance replacement rentals. We won awards for brand loyalty, for providing outstanding value to small businesses and for our efforts on behalf of employee and supplier diversity.1 We strategically realigned our fleet by increasing the diversity of suppliers and models, and decreasing the percentage of so-called "program" cars that are subject to manufacturer repurchase agreements. As a result, we were able to mitigate the significant year-over-year increase in costs charged by manufacturers for rental cars. We initiated a restructuring of our truck rental business to drive greater performance while reducing our cost base in a seamless transition that allowed for uninterrupted service to our dealers, licensees and customers. And we accomplished these goals while we became an independent, dual-branded vehicle rental company for the first time­separating from three other large businesses all previously under the same corporate umbrella. All in all, it truly was an historic year. 4 Looking ahead, we plan to drive further growth and create sustainable improvements in margins and earnings. This longterm strategy has three basic tenets:  Optimizing our two strong brands  Expanding our revenue sources  Capturing incremental profit opportunities Two Unique Brands Our dual-brand strategy differentiates Avis Budget Group from both of our largest competitors and positions us to capture the two deepest pools of rental car demand. Avis is a premium brand for the corporate and leisure traveler who wants the finest service and amenities, while Budget is a value brand that appeals to cost-conscious travelers. These household names enable us to market efficiently to targeted customer segments and earn their loyalty. Avis' premium positioning is built upon the Company's longstanding commitment to excellence in customer service, as embodied by its famous slogan "We Try Harder," which continues to be the brand's rallying cry both internally and externally. As a result, Avis has been the leader in customer loyalty among rental car companies for eight consecutive years.1 Avis has also continued its long heritage as an industry leader in technology and customer service innovation. From our groundbreaking introduction of car-side rental return technology in 1987 to our market-leading rollout of electronic toll collection solutions in 2006, Avis regularly finds ways to enhance the productivity of business travel and make leisure travel more convenient. Budget's positioning as a provider of clean, reliable late-model cars at great prices to savvy customers who demand great value has been enhanced through stronger emphasis on small businesses and marketing partnerships. In 2006, we signed major new agreements with leading travel companies such as Delta Air Lines and membership organizations such as AARP, which provide new channels for targeted marketing and incremental bookings. Expanding Revenue Sources Our second strategic thrust focuses on attracting new customers to our business and generating incremental revenues from our existing customer base by offering ancillary products and services to meet their needs.

driving gro

In 2006, we launched a new GPS navigation unit called Where2, which we believe is the most advanced GPS navigation device available today and a significant advancement over competitive offerings. We ended 2006 with about 8,000 units in the field, a number which we expect to more than triple in 2007. We introduced electronic toll collection services in several regions, and early in 2007, we announced our plans to launch a portable Wi-Fi Internet access service which we believe will become another new profitable revenue stream. Where2, electronic toll collection and portable Wi-Fi products all offer opportunities for us to generate additional revenues, profits and customer loyalty from our nearly 30 million annual rental transactions. 2006 also marked our aggressive entry into the insurance replacement segment. We drove growth both in our client roster and in revenues through the implementation of new proprietary technology, developed specifically for auto insurance companies based on their input, and backed by the power and customer loyalty of our strong brands. We invested in expanding the sales force that serves our insurance replacement clients, small businesses and corporate truck rental customers. We are confident that these segments will continue to be areas in which we can find new opportunities to drive growth. Capturing Incremental Profit We are firmly committed to increasing our profits and our margins, and we believe there are numerous avenues through which to drive that growth. Our ongoing cost containment efforts have focused on realignment of our fleet to mitigate manufacturer cost increases, reducing expenses incurred from vehicle damage and maintenance, and increasing the productivity of our workforce. We have realized significant cost savings by outsourcing non-core functions, by improving our claims processing and self-insurance procedures, through a renewed emphasis on improved workplace safety, and through greater operational efficiency. The turnaround of our truck rental business is another factor we believe will enhance our margins in the coming years. We will benefit from the consolidation of back-office functions into our car rental operations, increased vehicle utilization, strengthening our dealer network, and increasing sales of packing and moving supplies and other high-margin ancillary products.

Our strategic approach­optimizing our brands, expanding our revenue sources and capturing incremental profit opportunities ­represents the evolution of our ongoing strategies for growth that have proven successful over the past several years. Our organization is led by a dedicated leadership team, many of whom have spent decades in the vehicle rental industry, and we believe we have the right people executing the right strategies at the right time to enable our long-term success.

A proven track record of success­ In 2006, Avis Budget Group posted record revenues of more than $5.6 billion
Working together, our committed and very capable workforce of 30,000 employees will strive to continue to drive growth throughout our Company, in revenues and earnings, total brand value and shareholder wealth. We look forward to making 2007 yet another historic year. Sincerely,

Ronald L. Nelson Chairman and CEO April 2007

F. Robert Salerno President and COO

owth

1 Reflects, among other things, our rankings in Brand Keys' 1999-2006 Customer Loyalty

Index; the selection of Budget as "Best Rental Car Value" by Entrepreneur magazine in April 2006; Avis Budget Group being named as "featured employer" by AARP in 2006 in recognition of the Company's efforts to maximize the potential contributions of workers age 50+; and Avis Budget Group being honored for its "world class supplier diversity program" by the Women's Business Enterprise Council for the seventh time.

5

