          When you run a business with many moving parts — in our case more than 1,600 stores in eleven states, each with many employees and serving a unique community — there are always challenges ... and opportunities.
In fiscal year 2011 gasoline registered record margins despite high prices and the company physically grew by more than 100 stores. The Company also experienced significant commodity pressures, particularly in the prepared food category, yet still managed to drive gross profit.
Casey’s took the opportunities and challenges of fiscal 2011 in stride. We exited the fiscal year in excellent financial health and will keep moving forward to even better days to come.
          EARNING BEFORE INCOME TAX BASIC EARNING PER SHARE
09     139.1 09 10   181.6 10 11   151.2 11
$1.69
$2.30
$2.24
                 GROCERY & OTHER MERCHANDISE
SALES (in millions) MARGIN GROSS PROFIT (in millions)

 2
Message
to Shareholders

 Every business leader knows the value of movement. Leadership requires vigilance in managing the ever-changing internal and external dynamics that affect our business so we can keep moving toward our goals.
Fiscal year 2011 posed several challenges, some we’ve seen before and some we haven’t. Yet once again, thanks to the talents, commitment and dedication of all 22,157 of my fellow Casey’s employees, I’m pleased to report we maintained our forward momentum heading into a promising fiscal 2012.
Unexpected Expenses and Value-Adding Opportunities
One challenge that was forced upon us in fiscal 2011 was the unsolicited hostile takeover attempt by Alimentation Couche-Tard, Inc. The board of directors rejected the takeover bids as significantly undervaluing Casey’s, a position that was overwhelmingly affirmed in a vote by our shareholders to re-elect all of our directors at the annual meeting. Unfortunately, expenses incurred during the takeover attempt cost Casey’s approximately $16 million during the fiscal year.
We also executed a $500 million recapitalization plan that generated significant value and enhanced returns for Casey’s shareholders while allowing us to continue executing on strategic initiatives that generated record store growth.
3

4 Managing Commodity Costs
A significant drag on fiscal 2011 came from the cost of commodities like coffee, cheese, meat and more. As a convenience store and pizza maker, Casey’s literally uses tons of cheese and large quantities of meat and coffee each year. We are also significantly impacted in our grocery and other merchandise category by indirect commodity costs from corn and wheat. It’s one thing to have one or two of these commodities increase, but in fiscal 2011 virtually all commodities increased.
Economic and competitive pressures prevented us from raising prices to completely offset the increases, so the result of rising commodity costs was margin and profit erosion.
Building Momentum
One of the many bright spots in our fiscal year was impressive growth in the number of stores along with a significant number of replacements and an accelerated pace of major remodeling. We finished the year with more than 1,600 stores. With data on the new store design from the last two fiscal years showing attractive returns, we quickened our building and remodeling pace. This was hardly a knee-jerk process, however. Accelerated store expansion actually started eighteen months ago when we increased the number of outside real estate agents assisting Casey’s staff in finding suitable properties to develop. Heading into fiscal year 2012, we will continue our focus on generating return on this expansion investment.
Goals for 2012
The balance of this report contains more detail on how Casey’s fared in all our traditional categories — Gasoline, Grocery & Other Merchandise, Prepared Foods & Fountain plus Expansion.
For fiscal year 2012, Casey’s has set these goals:
/ Gasoline
1% same-store gallon growth with an average margin of 13.5 cents per gallon.
/ Grocery & Other Merchandise
5.8% same-store sales growth with an average margin of 32.8%.
/ Prepared Foods & Fountain
7.7% same-store sales growth with an average margin of 61.8%.
/ Expansion
4% to 6% unit growth through a combination of building and acquisition.
    
                    Casey’s in Motion 5
When companies stop moving—adapting to meet shifting customer demands, introducing new processes, products and technology — they start to fail. Casey’s aggressive annual goals keep us motivated to keep moving forward.
Thanks to a solid foundation painstakingly built over our first 43 years in business, Casey’s will continue our momentum into the future. We will overcome challenges, capitalize on opportunities and create more value for our shareholders.
On behalf of the entire Casey’s General Stores family — now in eleven states and growing — thank you for investing in our Company. Together, we keep Casey’s in motion toward even greater success.
Sincerely,
Robert J. Myers
President & Chief Executive Officer
Management Team (left to right) ROBERT J. MYERS President & CEO / TERRY W. HANDLEY COO / WILLIAM J. WALLJASPER Senior VP & CFO / SAM J. BILLMEYER Senior VP-Logistics & Acquisitions / JULIA L. JACKOWSKI Senior VP-Corporate General Counsel & Human Resources / DARRYL F. BACON VP-Food Services / JAY F. BLAIR VP-Transportation & Distribution / HAL D. BROWN VP-Support Services / ROBERT C. FORD VP-Store Operations / BRIAN J. JOHNSON VP-Finance & Corporate Secretary / RUSSELL D. SUKUT VP-Treasurer / MICHAEL R. RICHARDSON VP-Marketing
                                        