       Message to Shareholders
In fiscal year 2009, the global economy presented serious challenges to many businesses and consumers.
 2
Despite the difficult times, Casey’s earnings from continuing operations before income taxes rose 3.9% to $139.2 million, and earnings per share from those operations increased to $1.69 from $1.68 in fiscal 2008.
Given our strong results, the word that comes to my mind for Casey’s fiscal 2009 is “validation.”
Disciplined Approach Affirmed
Fiscal 2009 — perhaps like few other years in Casey’s 41-year history — proved the wisdom of our long-held belief that a prudent, methodical approach to business builds enduring success.
Casey’s consistently receives praise for our disciplined approach to creating and executing our business plans. Our shareholders are very pleased with the results we achieved and maintained over the course of fiscal 2009. In April 2009, Casey’s was among 100 companies nationwide acknowledged by Forbes
magazine for excellence, ethics and transparency in our accounting and governance. Read more details of this accomplishment in the Corporate Finance section.
Fiscal 2009 validated our philosophies in several areas:
n Smaller Community Focus — Focusing on locating stores in smaller Midwest communities means Casey’s relies heavily on repeat traffic from those communities. That makes us less reliant on transient traffic than some of our urban-focused competitors. During times of higher retail gasoline prices and lower discretionary spending, transient traffic tends to stay home, while local, small-town traffic stays loyal.
n Food Service Emphasis — Prepared foods have always been a strength for Casey’s, and the category continued to be a strong point in fiscal 2009. Over the course of the year, we found that customers are very resistant to altering

     buying patterns for small, frequent purchases like their coffee and a donut in the morning. We also believe that more families turned to Casey’s for take-out pizza to replace more expensive restaurant meals.
n A Strong Balance Sheet — As many Americans discovered last year, having money in the bank and the ability to take on debt are critical to withstanding economic turmoil and capitalizing on opportunities that present themselves.
Our average long-term debt-to-total- capital ratio is approximately 24% and declining. We also own most of our assets, which maximizes control and minimizes financial exposure.
New Store Excitement
In last year’s report, we talked about the concept of our new store design. We made those plans a reality in 2009 by constructing 16 new stores and incorporating the new design into another 14 replacement stores.
The response from customers and employees, as well as others in our industry, has been overwhelmingly positive. Customers are excited about our new design and pleased with new features such as made-to-order sub sandwiches, expanded cooler space and enhanced coffee options. Overall, we are very pleased with early results from our new stores and will continue to evaluate performance as more data becomes available.
3

       Goals for 2010
As you will learn in the balance of this report, Casey’s did very well in all our traditional categories — Gasoline, Grocery & Other Merchandise, and Prepared Foods & Fountain.
With that in mind, Casey’s will work toward these goals in 2010:
n Expansion
4% unit growth through a combination of building and acquisition
n Gasoline
2% same-store gallon growth with an average margin of 11 cents per gallon
n Grocery & Other Merchandise 8.9% same-store sales growth with an average margin of 33.9%
n Prepared Foods & Fountain
7.5% same-store sales growth with an average margin of 62.0%
Staying the Course
To reach these goals, we will take the same disciplined, data-driven, methodical approach that has served Casey’s well
for more than four decades. With more data streaming in every day, we plan to incorporate key features of the new
store design into many of our stores company-wide through improved practices, remodeling, new construction and more. You will find more specifics about the 2010 outlook in each section of this report.
Finally — and most importantly — I want to thank you for your investment
in Casey’s General Stores, Inc. We take our duties to shareholders very seriously and we are always interested in your ideas and feedback. I am very optimistic about the coming year, and by working together and staying true to our disciplined heritage, Casey’s will continue to meet the challenges of 2010 and beyond.
Sincerely,
Robert J. Myers
President & Chief Executive Officer
 4
