2
  message to our
SHAREHOLDERS
  AT CASEY’S, WE BELIEVE OUR FREEDOM TO CHOOSE IS OUR MOST POWERFUL MARK OF DISTINCTION. THANKS TO THE INVESTMENTS WE’VE MADE IN OUR FUTURE, WE HAVE MORE OPTIONS THAN EVER FOR BUILDING CAPACITY AND PURSUING PROFITABLE GROWTH. WE THINK WE CAN SERVE YOU BEST BY MAKING CHOICES THAT BALANCE A DEEP RESPECT FOR OUR HISTORY WITH A BUSINESS-MINDED OPENNESS TO INNOVATION.
In the past several years, we have chosen to undertake transformational initiatives that have benefited our customers and increased our overall impact within the convenience store industry. Selecting
the right people, the right strategies, and the right tools has made Casey’s one of the top 10 convenience store chains in the nation.
The choices we made during fiscal 2006 allowed us to exceed all of our operations goals and raise earnings per share from continuing operations to an all-time high of $1.25. We served over 325 million customers in our 9-state region, raised sales 25.4% to $3.5 billion, and increased total gross profit 15.2% to $527 million, results that won us increased visibility in the investment community.
Managing our gasoline business required steadiness in an extremely unstable environment. I have been with Casey’s since 1970, and I cannot recall a more roller-coaster year. Our same-store gallons sold were up 12.7% in August and off 1.5% in March; margins ranged from 14.1 cents per gallon in the second quarter to 9.2 cents in the third.
When we averaged the ups and downs at fiscal year-end, annual same-store gallons sold were up 4.4%—more than twice our 2% goal—and the margin was above our 10.5-cent goal at 11.5 cents per gallon. We were opportunistic in terms of buying, refined our efficient call and haul delivery system, and remained faithful to our longstanding policy of pricing with the local competition.

Managing our gasoline business required steadiness in an extremely unstable environment.
3
 We have no reason to assume the gasoline business will be more stable in fiscal 2007. We have good cause to think same-store sales will continue to grow, but the gasoline margin will again be subject to market influences.
The gains we made in grocery & other merchandise are further evidence of how well we are using our growing powers of choice.
In fiscal 2006, our lottery rollout increased store traffic as expected. We employed our sophisticated data analysis capabilities, improved inventory management, and enhanced distribution efficiencies to make sure that more customers in our established stores translated to a better bottom line for this business category. The result was a 5.7% increase in same-store sales with an average margin of 31.9%. Our goal was a 3% increase with an average margin of 31.5%.
Prepared food & fountain again exceeded our high expectations. We forged past our goal of increasing same-store sales 5.5% with an average margin of 60.5% to achieve a 7.4% increase with a 63% margin. It was our third straight year of same-store sales gains in excess of 5% and margins above 60%.
 
4
 MANAGEMENT TEAM (left to right)
Ronald M. Lamb Chairman of the Board Terry W. Handley Senior VP & COO Julia L. Jackowski VP–Human Resources Eli J. Wirtz VP–Corporate Counsel
Robert J. Myers President & CEO
Bradley G. Heyer VP–Information Systems
Darryl F. Bacon VP–Food Services
Cleo R. Kuhns VP–Real Estate-Store Development
Michael R. Richardson VP–Marketing
Sam J. Billmeyer Senior VP–Transportation & Support Operations Hal D. Brown VP–Support Services
William J. Walljasper Senior VP & CFO
Russell D. Sukut VP–Treasurer
Robert C. Ford VP–Store Operations
John G. Harmon Senior VP & Secretary
Our proprietary prepared food program has earned its reputation as one of the best in the business. We made our latest gains by refining what are now established strategies: matching menus to customer preferences and traffic patterns, introducing profitable new items, rotating offerings to maintain customer appeal, and managing stales effectively. Near fiscal year-end we expanded our fountain choices—another positive that should help keep our superior sales trend on the rise.
We’ve raised the fiscal 2007 performance bar for our two inside sales categories because recent initiatives have enhanced our control over outcomes. Casey’s buying power is increasing our influence with vendors, our capacity to process data and use the information effectively in our decision-making is formidable, and our distribution system will easily handle all the volume we can generate.
We intended to hold the percentage increase in operating expenses to less than the percentage increase in gross profit, and we did so. Operating expenses were up 10.6%, well below our 15.2% improvement in gross profit. An increase in wages primarily
due to incentive compensation was a factor in the operating expense percentage. That’s because we rightfully rewarded those who delivered the year’s impressive results.

5
    There will be new opportunities to increase gross profit as we add more stores. Our fiscal 2006 goal was to build 10 new stores and acquire 30 stores in addition to the 49 Gas ‘N Shop sites we purchased in January. By April 30, we had built 15 stores and acquired an additional 18.
The Gas ‘N Shop acquisition was our first experience in purchasing and integrating a large chain into Casey’s systems. We see additional acquisition possibilities to choose from in fiscal 2007. The pipeline is full, and our acquisition team is hard at work.
It has been my privilege to guide Casey’s senior management through the transformation that made the past year’s achievements possible, and, as Chairman, I will continue to be actively involved in setting the strategic direction of the Company. The Chief Executive Officer’s duties will be ably fulfilled by my successor Bob Myers, who was elected to the position effective June 21, 2006.
The Board of Directors also approved four more significant promotions: Terry Handley to Chief Operating Officer,
Bill Walljasper to Senior Vice President–CFO, Sam Billmeyer
to Senior Vice President–Transportation and Support Operations, and Bob Ford to Vice President–Store Operations.
The entire management team is committed to meeting Casey’s fiscal 2007 performance goals:
• Increase same-store gasoline gallons sold 2% with an average margin of 10.8 cents per gallon.
• Increase same-store grocery & other merchandise sales 3.9% with an average margin of 32.2%.
• Increase same-store prepared food & fountain sales 7.9% with an average margin of 63.4%.
• Hold the percentage increase in operating expenses to less than the percentage increase in gross profit.
• Acquire 50 stores and build 10 new stores.
Making public a set of goals that requires us to outperform the
record results of fiscal 2006 is our boldest Mark of Distinction.
Ronald M. Lamb Chairman of the Board
 