message to shareholders
Allow me to begin my first message as chief executive officer with sincere thanks to our outstanding management team, the dedicated employees in our stores and at our corporate headquarters, the growing ranks of Casey’s customers, and you in the investment community for making fiscal 2007 another year of progress for Casey’s General Stores, Inc.
Our goals are one of the factors that support the cover’s assertion: we’re a convenience store and a whole lot more. They are performance goals aligned with our business model and long-term strategic plans. They identify benchmarks for enhancing this company’s value now and in the future.
The first four goals, same-store sales and margin targets in our business categories as well as containment of operating expenses, were in place to measure our performance of the stores we already own. The final goal called for continued execution of Casey’s acquisition strategy.
Gasoline, our leading destination item, drew traffic to our stores again in fiscal 2007. We sold 1.19 billion gallons at our pumps, and every gasoline purchase was an opportunity to sell additional items inside
our stores. Our goal for same-store gallons sold was a 2% increase; the actual increase was 1.4%.
In fiscal 2007, the retail environment across our marketing territory held Casey’s average margin to 10.4 cents per gallon. The margin was below our goal because we adhered to our policy of pricing with the competition to avoid giving our customers a reason to take their business elsewhere.
Gasoline customers who came inside our doors helped raise fiscal 2007’s inside sales to $1.12 billion, a 12.5% increase following the previous year’s 9.7% rise. Gross profit on those sales was up 13.6% to $444.4 million. We continued to seek new synergies between the two contributing business categories: grocery & other merchandise and prepared food & fountain.
The performance of our grocery & other merchandise category has improved significantly over the past three years, and we are confident there are more benefits to derive from point of sale and our analysis of the data it provides. Our annual goal was to build on the previous year’s strong performance by increasing same-store sales 3.9% with an average margin of
32.2%. By fiscal year-end, same-store sales were up 4.6%; our margin was 32.7%, aided by a one-time benefit related to cigarettes. Without the one-time benefit, the margin would have been nearly on goal at 32.1%.
Prepared food & fountain continued its momentum to achieve another year of outstanding sales gains. We thought we had set a challenging goal when we called for a 7.9% increase in fiscal 2007 same-store sales, but we were too conservative. Spurred by the growing popularity of our premier prepared foods, same-store sales grew 11%.
 page 3
  
 The margin on prepared food & fountain’s sales was a very profitable 62%. The major reason we missed our 63.4% target was the higher cost of goods sold that resulted from switching to a dual cola program at the end of fiscal 2006. Though the loss of our exclusivity contract cost us a little in fiscal 2007 margin, having additional products in our fountain line-up means
we can satisfy more customers year in and year out. By the close of 2007, fountain sales were up a remarkable 24%.
Our fourth goal was to hold the percentage increase in operating expenses to less than the percentage increase in gross profit. Our drop in gasoline margin slowed the increase in total gross profit to 10.9% versus 15.2% in fiscal 2006. Expenses rose 13.4% primarily because of a 31.1% increase in bank fees for customers’ credit card charges plus higher wages and utilities.
Our fiscal 2007 expansion goal was to acquire 50 stores and build 10 stores. We actually acquired 52 and built 8. The 33 HandiMart stores we purchased in October helped us exceed our acquisition target and served our priority of purchasing good sites that will flourish under our business model. During the past three fiscal years we have added a total of 148 stores through acquisition.
Our fiscal 2008 goals quantify expectations for building on our 2007 performance:
• Increase same-store gasoline gallons sold 2% with an average margin of 10.7 cents per gallon.
• Increase same-store grocery & other merchandise sales 4.3% with an average margin of 32.2%.
• Increase same-store prepared food & fountain sales 8.4% with an average margin of 62%.
• Hold the percentage increase in operating expenses to less than the percentage increase in gross profit.
• Acquire 50 stores and build 10 stores.
This annual report will show how we plan to meet these goals and how we intend to make sure that no matter how many locations we own, every Casey’s store is
a convenience store and a whole lot more.
Robert J. Myers
President and Chief Executive Officer
     page 4
 