             “The strengths we share – our common ground – remain Our Values in Action.” DOUG OBERHELMAN, CHAIRMAN & CEO
 From Left to Right: Jim Buda, Law and Public Policy; Steve Wunning, Resource Industries; Stu Levenick, Customer & Dealer Support; Doug Oberhelman, Chairman & CEO; Brad Halverson, Financial Products & Corporate Services; Jim Umpleby, Energy & Power Systems; Dave Bozeman, Caterpillar Enterprise System Group; Ed Rapp, Construction Industries
Chairman’s Message
In uncertain times, it is the shared strengths and resolve of a community that determine the course of history. This is true whether it be a family, a country or a company. And for us, the people of Caterpillar, the strengths we share – our common ground – remain Our Values in Action.
Certainly, we’ll all remember 2013 as a challenging year. But it was a time of solid accomplishments as well, and right at the top of the list is the performance by our people resulting in the strongest balance sheet we’ve had in more than 25 years. Despite a sales and revenues decline of about $10 billion, we set a record for Machinery and Power Systems (M&PS) operating cash flow, strengthened our balance sheet and improved our overall market position for machines, including strong gains for excavators in China – all outstanding successes. But getting here wasn’t fun. And it wasn’t easy, especially for our employees who endured an incredibly tough year.
The good news is our performance in 2013 demonstrated the balance in our business that helped us withstand divergent economic cycles. In a year overshadowed by a substantial decline in sales of relatively high margin mining products, our largest segment, Power Systems, delivered
profit near its 2012 record despite lower sales. In addition, our Financial Products segment achieved a record profit. So while we saw a top line sales decline in 2013 – and nobody likes that, especially me – the performance of our people and the balance in our business helped us reduce the profit impact of lower sales.
So what does our 2013 performance mean? Well, a strong balance sheet means we can weather a storm and grow the company, and of course it affords returns to shareholders. We recently announced a new $10 billion stock repurchase program – an indicator of our confidence in the long-term future of Caterpillar. Our increased market share around the world results in thousands more machines in the field, affording our dealer network the opportunity to sell more parts and service. That’s
a tremendous accomplishment.
2013 YEAR IN REVIEW
2
CATERPILLAR INC.
 
25
Strongest balance sheet in 25 years
From an operational perspective, we have continued to make improvements in safety and quality. This is something I’m particularly proud of. We’ve been on a safety journey for nearly 15 years now. Since 2001, we’ve moved from the bottom in the rankings of safe places to work, to being a global leader in safety. We remain vigilant about safety and our ultimate goal is zero injuries. Likewise, quality is absolutely essential to living our brand promise. Our products are built to last, and through our disciplined execution of Lean and leveraging our Caterpillar Production System (CPS), we are holding ourselves accountable to that standard. It’s working. Nearly every day, I hear from dealers and cus- tomers who say we have the best product line we’ve had in decades.
Of course, with these successes comes responsibility. I’m very pleased to announce that in early 2014, we added Sustainability
to Our Values in Action, clearly stating our responsibility to produce sustainable solutions. Raising sustainability to a stand-alone value acknowledges both what we have done in the past and will do in the future.
For instance, our new Tier 4 designs promise customers better fuel efficiency and productivity, allowing them to leave a smaller environ- mental footprint. It’s important to the world, it’s important to our cus- tomers and it’s important to us. We think about it every day. Another example is our Reman – remanufactured parts – business, where we return end-of-life components to like-new condition. This business reduces waste in landfills and minimizes the need for raw materials to produce new parts by keeping nonrenewable resources in circulation longer. At the same time, remanufacturing allows us to provide cost- effective options for our customers.
Our commitment to sustainability extends beyond helping protect the environment. We also recognize an obligation to our people and the communities where we live and work. This isn’t something new. The Caterpillar Foundation has been around since 1952, and has invested more than $550 million to provide support for not only environmental sustainability, but also access to education, basic human needs and emergency relief. It’s a legacy we can all be proud of.
 “We’ve made good progress over
the past few years in our operational performance – safety, quality, market share and costs.“
  CATERPILLAR INC.
What will 2014 hold for Caterpillar? We see some signs of improvement in the world economy and anticipate 2014 sales and revenues will be similar to 2013. Although there’s a lot of uncertainty in the industries we serve, especially mining, I feel optimistic. We’ve made good progress over the past few years in our operational performance – safety, quality, market share and costs – and I’m confident that we are well-positioned for much better financial results when economic conditions and the key industries we serve improve. Despite the challenges that may lay ahead, the successes we achieved in 2013 and the commitment of our people will serve us well in 2014 and beyond.
Doug Oberhelman
Caterpillar Inc. Chairman & CEO
2013 YEAR IN REVIEW
3
 YEARS
