            ROCK SOLID
2012 Year in Review
 Chairman’s
Message to everything that was thrown at us was rock solid.
When faced with challenges, it’s how we respond that defines us.
2012 was full of challenges for the Caterpillar team, but our response
 Doug Oberhelman, Chairman and CEO
Nowadays it seems there aren’t many things that are rock solid. The global marketplace is constantly shifting and economies around the world face uncertainty on a variety of fronts — fiscally, politically and socially. The world struggles to address concerns like energy, infrastructure, workforce readiness and how to compete in the global economy. And our customers also face challenges like never before.
It’s hard to grasp anything solid, steady and reliable anymore. But that’s exactly what we try to be for our customers, stockholders, employees, dealers and suppliers. We live by our core values of Integrity, Excellence, Teamwork and Commitment. And as we do business in every corner of the globe, our values guide us to be fair and consistent. You know what to expect when you deal with Caterpillar.
Our products have always been made to be tough, durable and reliable. And we keep a constant focus on quality. In 2012 product quality was at a historically high level. Great news! But it’s even better when you note that we also had historically high volumes and were introducing Tier 4 Interim products to the market.
The team has really delivered. I’m happy with quality, but even more importantly, our customers are happy. We are receiving very positive input from the field — rock solid!
But our job doesn’t end there. Today our customers count on us for much more.
That’s why we innovate. In 2012 we spent $2.5 billion on research and development. Our engineers and technologists are working on products and services for our customers both today and well into the future.
That’s why we lead. Caterpillar has been an outspoken voice on the issues that affect our customers. It’s up to us to educate our employees, communities and government officials on our position regarding topics like trade, tax, infrastructure and energy.
 FURTHER POSITIONING OURSELVES FOR SUCCESS: GLOBAL GOVERNMENT & CORPORATE AFFAIRS
We believe that Caterpillar and our dealers deliver the best products and services in the world. however, the actions that governments take around the world can have significant impact on our business, our employees, customers and stockholders. The world is a big place, and we have big issues to face. But at Caterpillar, we don’t just watch the world go by — we get involved.
We have a strong voice on the key issues — trade, energy, infrastructure and tax — that ensure growth and global competitiveness in the world’s economy. In 2012, we led the way in support of a new U.S. highway bill — sending over 40,000 letters from employees, dealers, suppliers and customers for legislation that will provide investment in robust, modern infrastructure that can handle the rising exports to our customers around the world.
(continued)
(continued)
 Chairman’s Message 4
 
               ROCK SOLID
2012 Year in Review
 Chairman’s Message (continued)
Sales & Revenues Operating Profit Research & Development
2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012
                       $51,324
$60,138 $65,875 $8,573 $7,153
$2,297 $2,466 $1,905
   $42,588 $32,396
$4,448
$1,728
$1,421
      $577
$3,963
 And that’s why we maintain internal strength. At Caterpillar, we talk about controlling what we can within our four walls. The world around us is going to keep changing, and we have to be ready for anything. We do that with rock solid operations. We focus on maintaining a strong balance sheet, having efficient processes in our factories and offices and developing the best team. That’s how we stay strong.
Rock solid doesn’t imply perfection. We make mistakes — everyone does. But we learn from them, and the lessons we learn make us stronger.
And you’ll see that strength throughout our Year in Review. Our customers, our employees and our communities are doing amazing work, and I’m proud to share their stories with you!
here are just a few highlights of some of the rock solid accomplishments we had in 2012. • Achieved record sales, revenues and profit in 2012
• Opened the Caterpillar Visitors Center
• Displayed our largest exhibits ever at Bauma China and MineExpo
• Invested $60 million in our communities through the Caterpillar Foundation • Announced eight new facilities and expansions
• Registered the 100,000th machine using VisionLinkTM
• Manufactured the first ever machine in Thailand
It’s been a big year for our team! I’m proud of all that we have accomplished, and I look forward to much of the same in 2013. I can’t predict the future, and 2013 could be a tough year. But our team is prepared to execute and deliver no matter what the circumstances.
We have big plans for our people, our customers and our stockholders, and we will deliver the rock solid performance they have all come to expect! That’s what makes our company rock solid. No matter what is happening in the world around us, we will always be prepared and ready to act.
Doug Oberhelman
Caterpillar Inc. Chairman and CEO
 (continued)
We were also a leading voice in urging Congress to establish Permanent Normal Trade Relations (PNTR) with Russia — another step toward job creation and investment that will open markets and increase economic growth.
While these are important victories,
we still have a lot of work to do. We’ve repositioned our global engagement strategy and created a new division, Global Government & Corporate Affairs, to ensure we are even better positioned to make a positive difference around the world. Under the leadership of our new vice President Kathryn Karol, we have an even stronger business focus that will further align global government teams across the enterprise. It’s a commitment to our customers, dealers, employees and all of our stockholders. We’ll continue to ensure we have the right team in place to tell our story and share the challenges we face as a global corporation. To learn more about our involvement, visit caterpillar.com/company/global-issues.
   Chairman’s Message 5
 $ in millions
$ in millions
$ in millions
