TO MY FELLOW ACE SHAREHOLDERS

In spite of slow global economic growth and continued uncertainty in the world, our company performed very well in 2012 and produced excellent financial results that extended our record of long-term industry outperformance. We brought to bear all of the fundamental strengths of our company ­ our underwriting know-how, broad product and distribution capabilities, local presence globally and balance sheet strength ­ to take advantage of growth opportunities from an improved commercial P&C pricing environment in the United States and favorable economic conditions and demographics in Asia and Latin America. We are a disciplined organization, focused on execution to produce current-year results while patiently but relentlessly investing for the future. In my judgment, we achieved much of what we set out to accomplish and ended the year in excellent shape. We have never been stronger operationally or financially, or better positioned to capitalize on future opportunity.
Continued on next page

Evan G. Greenberg Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

3

After-tax operating income of $2.6 billion was up 13% from 2011, while net income was up 76%. Our earnings were driven first by excellent underwriting results, which included $1.2 billion of underwriting income, up 11% over prior year, and a P&C combined ratio of 93.9%. Underwriting, or the art and science of taking risk, is a hallmark of our company ­ it defines our culture and is embedded in our ethos. We take risk for a living and so insist on making a profit when we do so. Together with a thoughtful, well-balanced mix of businesses, this underwriting discipline has served us well Combined Ratio vs. Peers
ACE's underwriting results outperformed the averages of North American and global peers over the last 5 years. Averages
1 year 3 year 5 year

a circa $25 billion event for the industry and the secondlargest natural catastrophe in U.S. history. Although down from the record level of natural disasters in 2011, catastrophe losses were higher than historical averages and the severe drought and Sandy-related flooding point to the increased volatility and unpredictability of weather, regardless of what one believes to be the cause. Recent years' events have challenged the limitations of industry risk models in forecasting loss with precision. Catastrophe risk models are tools for estimating loss from a natural event

105%

100%

North American Peers1 Global Peers2 ACE
1 2

100.7% 96.6% 93.9%

100.5% 97.5% 93.0%

98.4% 96.7% 91.4%

95%

90%

AIG, Chubb, CNA, Hartford, Travelers, XL Allianz, AXA, Munich Re, QBE, RSA, Zurich

85%

2008

2009

2010

2011

2012

through all economic conditions and all stages of the commercial P&C pricing cycle. We have earned a cumulative underwriting profit since we were founded in 1985 and have outperformed the industry over any period of time. Our underwriting track record versus our North American and global peers over the last five years is illustrated above. Whether it was too much water or not enough, harsh weather conditions in the United States impacted our results in 2012. Our U.S. crop insurance business, where we are the industry leader, was hurt by the most widespread drought conditions in America in over 50 years. We were also impacted in the fourth quarter by Superstorm Sandy,

arising from an insurer's concentration of risk in a particular geography. Financial models of any kind don't express certainty and don't replace management judgment ­ they simply aid it. Acknowledging this reality, which is called basis risk, we endeavor to manage the amount of exposure we take in any one product or geographic area conservatively according to a measured appetite for risk. In 2012 our total pre-tax catastrophe losses were $633 million versus $859 million in 2011, and our crop insurance earnings were down about $190 million from 2011. The historically low interest rate environment, now in its fourth year, continued to pressure yields and investment income for insurers, which are overwhelmingly long-term fixed income investors. Despite a continued decline in current market yields, we produced relatively good investment results, with over $2 billion in net investment income for the year, down less than 3%. The decline in our investment portfolio yield ­ from 4.2% at the beginning of the year to 3.7% at the end ­ was ameliorated to some extent by growth in our invested assets of more than $4.5 billion in the year to $60 billion. Given our considerable

4

leverage to risk on the liability side of the balance sheet from our insurance risk-taking activities, we take a conservative approach to investing on the asset side. This means we don't reach for yield in our predominantly highgrade fixed income portfolio and we employ virtually no leverage. We are fiduciaries of these invested assets, which comprise the capital of our company and the loss reserves we hold to pay future policyholder claims. Book value growth, shareholder returns and capital management Our balance sheet continued to grow stronger in 2012 with total capital increasing 11% to $32.6 billion at December 31, up from $19.1 billion five years ago and just $9 billion 10 years ago. Net loss reserves grew 3% during the year to $25.9 billion at year-end. This was achieved even with $479 million in loss reserves released from prior years that proved redundant and so contributed to income in the current year. We treat our loss reserves prudently because they back our promise to pay claims, and to challenge our own judgment, we engage outside actuaries annually to assess the adequacy of our reserves in detail ­ a best and leading practice in our industry. Almost a third of last year's increase in total capital was due to unrealized gains as a result of near-zero U.S. Treasury rates. Today's challenging low interest rate environment is a product of the Fed's quantitative easing efforts to stimulate economic growth and bring down unemployment. While these efforts are well intentioned, they penalize long-term savers including insurance companies and encourage greater risk-taking as investors reach for yield. Unrealized gains are really accelerated capital recognition that will evaporate gradually as the bonds in our portfolio mature ­ 3.9 years on average ­ or more rapidly if the Fed changes direction. Of course, selling the bonds today to realize the gains generally makes little sense ­ you simply trade away future investment income.

ACE is a growth company as measured by growth in book value, which is the clearest measure of shareholder wealth creation for a balance sheet business. In 2012 our book value per share grew 12% while tangible book value per share grew over 14%. Ten years ago, our book value was a little over $6 billion; today it's $27.5 billion. In our judgment, the preferred strategy to increase earnings and book value per share at this time in our history is first by growing the company, not by shrinking it through repurchasing our shares, although we do repurchase a modest amount of shares to offset dilution from our incentive compensation plans. We also pay out a reasonable percentage of our earnings in the form of dividends, producing an attractive dividend yield at year-end of 2.5%. We are a global company and there is plenty of growth opportunity around the globe for us to take advantage of over time ­ after all, we write only $22 billion of gross premiums in a $4.3 trillion worldwide insurance market. On the other side of the coin, we also hold capital for risk because we are in the risk business ­ the point I made earlier about the increasing unpredictability of weather events such as droughts and hurricanes is just one reminder. To date, reinvesting capital in our company rather than returning it through share repurchases has worked well for our owners, and I believe that's demonstrated in our operating return on equity and total shareholder return. Last year, our operating ROE, which excludes unrealized gains, was 11% ­ not bad when compared to the average 10-year Treasury rate of 1.8% for the same period. Looking ahead, ROEs will stay under pressure until interest rates move higher. To provide some perspective on their impact, every 100-basis-point increase in our portfolio book yield is worth almost two points of ROE. For example, if last year's average 10-year Treasury rate was instead at its 10-year historical average of 3.6% and our portfolio yield was proportionally higher, our operating ROE would have been 3.6 points higher. As the chart on the next page illustrates, we have a good track record of producing a superior operating ROE relative to our peers ­ an average 11.6% and 13.3% for the last three and five years, respectively. Good sustained book value growth and quality ROEs ultimately get reflected in the stock price, which performed well last year, returning 17.5% on a total-return basis. This compares with a 16% total return for the S&P 500 and 20% for the S&P 500

5

Property & Casualty Insurance Index, which benefited from a very low base after a negative return in 2011 when our total return was 14.5%. On a medium-term basis, our annualized total return over three years exceeded 19% compared to 10.7% for the S&P 500 and 9.4% for the S&P 500 P&C Insurance Index. By the nature of our business, which has inherent volatility, and because of our underwriting discipline and the unpredictable timing of acquisitions, our growth and returns Operating ROE vs. Peers
ACE's operating return on equity has exceeded the averages of North American and global peers over the last 5 years. Averages
1 year 3 year 5 year

In the last five years, ACE has invested $4.6 billion in acquisitions to improve the strategic capabilities and earnings power of our company. Additionally, we plan to complete the acquisitions of ABA Seguros and Fianzas Monterrey in Mexico in 2013 at the agreed purchase price of $1.2 billion. We calculate the internal rate of return (IRR) of shareholder funds spent on acquisitions completed from 2008-2012 to be 17%, which exceeds our current cost of equity capital of about 8%. By the way, this is a conservative calculation using our earnings multiple at

20%

15%

ACE Global Peers2 North American Peers1
1 2

11.0% 10.1% 8.1%

11.6% 9.6% 7.0%

13.3% 10.7% 7.8%

10%

5%

AIG (except 2008), Chubb, CNA, Hartford, Travelers, XL Allianz, AXA, Munich Re, QBE, RSA, Zurich

0% 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012

can be lumpy. This should not be a surprise given the long-term nature of the insurance business. Just-in-time capital is a fiction ­ when you don't need capital, it's cheap, and when you really need it, capital can be too expensive or simply not available. Therefore, we accept a modest amount of ROE dilution from the surplus capital we hold and consider it a rational price that a company managed for the longer term is willing to pay. Over the next 12 months, based on our forecasting, our surplus capital position will likely decline modestly as we pay for the acquisitions we announced in 2012, the dividends we will distribute to our shareholders, the shares we plan to repurchase to offset dilution from 2012 and 2013, and the evaporation of unrealized gains I described earlier.

year-end for the terminal value. If we had used the money to repurchase our shares, which were trading at historically low valuation multiples, the IRR would have been about 11% and ACE's operating ROE would have been only about 30 basis points better than our actual ROE with the acquisitions ­ a de minimis difference. Our long-term ROE with the acquisitions is superior to the short-term benefit of repurchasing our shares. At the end of the day, we are not single-mindedly opposed to more aggressive capital management. There is a balance between holding a reasonable amount of capital for perceived opportunity over a medium-term time horizon and returning surplus capital to shareholders, which improves shorter-term ROE, especially in today's low interest rate environment. Capital management is an important function of executive management and the board of directors, and at ACE we treat it seriously and review our position regularly. If we determine that we cannot put our surplus capital to work productively over a reasonable period of time, we will consider more aggressive strategies to return capital to our shareholders, and that includes repurchasing our shares.

6

Acquisitions complement organic growth In 2012 we completed the acquisition of Asuransi Jaya Proteksi in Indonesia ­ one of that country's top 10 general insurers and a leader in personal lines. Our Jakarta-based P&C and A&H business in Indonesia was quite small and primarily commercial lines oriented. With this acquisition, which provides us with a significant local insurance brand, a strong personal lines product line-up and a network of about 30 branches, ACE is now the seventh-largest P&C insurer in the country. The addition also nicely complements our growing life presence of over 3,000 agents and 12 offices. In September we announced our intention to acquire Fianzas Monterrey, the second-largest surety company in Mexico and the third-largest in Latin America. With 25 branch offices and a network of 600 independent agents throughout Mexico, FM is recognized for its technical excellence, impressive management team and modern systems. In addition to enhancing our global franchise in surety, FM adds significantly to ACE Seguros, our existing commercial lines and personal accident insurance business in Mexico, which wrote about $215 million in net premiums in 2012. In October we also announced an agreement to acquire ABA Seguros, Mexico's fourth-largest personal lines insurance company. ABA is a well-established, well-recognized, agency-based insurer offering auto, homeowners and small business insurance products through nearly 2,000 independent agents and over 30 branch offices. The company also distributes its products through a network of auto dealerships and banks, and it has a solid service reputation with impressive creativity that can be leveraged across Mexico and the region. From the day we first met them, we knew FM and ABA management and employees were one of us ­ they share our values and both are driven by returns and not market share. With the addition of FM and ABA, ACE becomes a top-five P&C insurer in Mexico ­ making the country the third-largest for ACE after the U.S. and the U.K. ­ and our

business is well balanced between commercial and personal lines. Our overall presence in Latin America will expand from approximately $1.5 billion in annual net premiums, pre-acquisitions, to over $2 billion. We are spending over $1.3 billion on these three transactions, which will be accretive to earnings in the first year and should meet or exceed our long-term ROE target of 15% in a reasonably short period of time ­ about 2-3 years. They also illustrate again how we use surplus capital to make acquisitions that complement our organic growth strategies and enhance our presence and capabilities in fast-growing countries of the world with good long-term potential. For example, both Indonesia and Mexico are large democracies that have embraced a greater degree of market-oriented economic principles, and both have significant natural resources and young populations. Over the next three, five and 10 years, wealth creation in Indonesia and Mexico should be strong with an emerging middle class and a growing large and small business community. In the case of Mexico, a new government advocating a broad set of reforms should position the country for superior growth. Diversification by product, geography and distribution The three acquisitions also advance the significant progress we have made to further deepen our local presence globally and diversify our company by product, geography and distribution. Greater diversification enables us to take advantage of global growth trends while also providing balance and a hedge against our exposure to risk in any one geography or portfolio, the P&C industry pricing cycle and the differences in economic conditions between the developed and developing worlds. ACE is predominantly a global commercial and specialty P&C insurance company, and 10 years ago our commercial P&C gross premiums of $10.6 billion represented 84% of our company. On the other hand, in 2002, gross premiums for A&H, personal lines and life insurance (which at the time was simply life reinsurance) were $900 million, $200 million and $200 million, respectively, or 7%, 1% and 1%. We have been patiently and thoughtfully shifting our product balance, constructing a blend of products based on their risk profile, growth characteristics and fit with our

7

capabilities and who we are. Today, on a pro forma basis including our Mexico acquisitions, commercial and specialty P&C gross premiums exceed $14 billion and represent 63% of the company. While premiums for commercial and specialty lines continued to grow, A&H, personal lines and life (with life sales now 81% life insurance versus 19% life reinsurance) have grown faster and are today $4 billion, $1.9 billion and $1 billion, respectively, or 18%, 9% and 5%. This product diversification, coupled with our underwriting discipline, gives us greater flexibility to strategically shrink entire businesses depending on market conditions while continuing to grow the company overall. For example, between 2006 and 2011, due to an inability to earn an underwriting profit, we shed about $1.5-2.0 billion of commercial P&C volume in the U.S. and U.K. in lines such as risk transfer workers' compensation, North American excess and surplus lines-related primary casualty, and London wholesale market E&S. At the same time, we grew total company gross premiums 20%, from $17.4 billion to $20.8 billion, which included other areas of commercial P&C, A&H and personal lines, and our company's combined ratio averaged below 90%. There is a natural tension between growth and underwriting discipline, and I believe ACE has managed that tension well and will continue to do so. We also have patiently built a broad and deep geographic presence, which is a unique strength that places us in a very select group of global insurers and gives us greater scope for the future. One-half of our business is in the U.S. with the balance conducted locally in 52 other countries. Ten years ago, Asia and Latin America represented 9% of our gross premiums. Today, including the acquisitions, these two regions represent 22% of the company, and our mix of business in Asia and Latin America ­ with A&H, life and personal lines particularly fast-growing ­ illustrates how we have pursued geographic opportunities in regions with the best growth potential. One final dimension of diversification is distribution ­ who we are trying to reach and how best to do so. We have evolved dramatically from a company primarily dependent on retail and wholesale commercial P&C brokerage 10

years ago to one that has an incredibly broad, multi-channel distribution capability in many countries and product lines. We have built expertise and presence to reach distinct customer segments ranging from large global and commercial companies and small and mid-size businesses to individual consumers across the entire income range ­ high net worth, middle class and emerging middle class. In addition to commercial P&C brokerage, our distribution includes P&C agency ­ both independent and tied ­ to reach middle-market and SME businesses and consumers; life agency in Asia to reach middle-income individual

The three acquisitions also advance the significant progress we have made to further deepen our local presence globally and diversify our company by product, geography and distribution.

consumers; tied agents representing the personal accident and supplemental health insurance plans at our Combined Insurance unit; direct marketing channels to reach mobile phone users and the lower- and middle-income customers of banks, utilities and department stores; and travel agencies and airlines for marketing our travel accident plans. The distribution we use varies by geography and culture to ensure the optimal and appropriate channel to reach each customer segment we have chosen to pursue in a given market. The external environment: still challenging Of course, no matter how well we position ourselves strategically or how diligently we execute our strategies, we are exposed to the external environment, be it political, economic or the vagaries of the P&C insurance pricing cycle. After all, the insurance business is simply a reflection of the external environment, including society and its economic activity. If the economy is sluggish and exposures are stagnant or shrinking in a particular country, or if there is political volatility or extreme weather, our results are potentially impacted.

8

While economically and financially the world is a more stable place today than a year ago, and extreme risk appears to have diminished, we still face significant challenges as illustrated by three of the major economies. We have a relatively weak, underperforming but slowly improving U.S. economy with high unemployment, serious fiscal and political challenges, and expanding government regulation ­ all impacting private sector confidence. We have a European economy in recession and a lack of coordinated growth-oriented government action, coupled with deep structural flaws in the eurozone that will take years if ever to resolve. Meanwhile, we are at the beginning of a once-in-a-decade Chinese leadership transition with an economy that over time will require structural, social and political reform if China is to continue its prosperous development and sustained stability. There are also growing political and security-related tensions in the region between China and its neighbors as China's growing interests and influence extend beyond its borders. In sum, the three most important territories of the world are wrestling with deeply structural and not simply cyclical problems. In the U.S., the business community and the American people are genuinely frustrated with the constant political gridlock and indecision on the most fundamental issues ­ and the uncertainty both are causing. One issue, in particular, looms large and threatens the country's longterm health and prosperity, and that's the national debt and fiscal discipline. The math could not be any clearer: the government in 2013 is projected to take in approximately $2.7 trillion in tax revenues annually but spend $3.6 trillion. 33% annual deficits are not sustainable. Even the simplest mind can understand this ­ just drop the zeros and you can relate it to your own household. Of the money collected, too much goes toward paying for government and not enough is invested in the country's current and future wealthcreating capabilities. Entitlements and debt service equal 65% of government spending today and, if left unchecked, in 10-15 years that number will approach 80%.

This is an issue that all Americans should be concerned about ­ whether you're worried about your country, your family, your business or just yourself. If not addressed, the U.S. deficit and entitlement spending will continue to severely damage economic growth and create a loss of confidence in the country resulting in much higher interest rates, a weaker dollar and a loss of leadership around the world. These views about the U.S. are already being formed in many countries. Presidential and congressional leadership is needed to address this issue in a comprehensive manner and not simply by playing small ball ­ in other words, a clear bipartisan plan (which means compromise) that provides certainty about future fiscal discipline, coupled with immediate actions that stimulate and encourage private sector growth, increase business competitiveness, and in turn bring down unemployment. I am in favor of comprehensive tax reform that raises more revenue and encourages greater economic growth coupled with major entitlement reform that significantly reduces long-term spending levels. While I think the deficit will ultimately get addressed, I fear it will happen in a very inefficient and wrong-headed way through blunt instruments such as piecemeal tax increases and the sequester. Until the country solves its fiscal problem and targets support toward areas that improve competitiveness, the U.S. economy will continue to underperform, unemployment will remain relatively high and continued financial market volatility will remain a possibility ­ all while other countries are not standing still. As for insurance market conditions, beginning in late 2011, large, well-established insurers in the U.S., feeling ROE pressures because of low interest rates and negative underwriting margins from years of price-cutting, started to exercise more underwriting discipline and focus on rate adequacy and less on market share. As a result, we continued to experience a pricing correction with insurance rates steadily trending higher over the last 4-6 quarters. Where underwriting results have been suffering the most, rates have risen more steeply ­ in areas such as workers' comp and property insurance, for example. Otherwise, rate increases were generally more modest ­ low-to-mid single digit. This was all good and our company benefitted as evidenced by our premium growth in the U.S.

9

To date, it has been a fairly orderly pricing correction ­ not what I would call a hard market. Rate increases have been spreading to more classes recently and we are beginning to achieve additional rate increases on risks that received modest increases last year. In most casualty-related classes, prices are still inadequate to earn a reasonable risk-adjusted return. While an increasing number of carriers are showing better discipline, there are still competitors reaching for market share. Internationally, I see it the other way. An excess and growing supply of industry capital outweighs ROE pressures and a drive for growth in emerging markets is pressuring rates to stay mostly flat or decline. Competition in Asia and Latin America remains fierce while the U.K. has been showing some tentative signs of discipline but without much movement yet. Moreover, reinsurers continue to provide capacity to insurers globally including the U.S. at terms ­ catastrophe protection aside ­ that will not produce an adequate return on capital, particularly in casualty-related reinsurance classes. Barring a major event or series of events, I expect the pattern of price increases in the U.S. and softness internationally to continue for the foreseeable future. Premium revenue growth With all of that as context for the environment in which we operate, total company net written premiums in 2012 grew 6% on a constant-dollar basis to $16.1 billion. Excluding U.S. crop insurance, which is a unique public-private marketplace, net premiums grew over 9%. In commercial and specialty P&C, net written premiums globally were up the same amounts with and without crop insurance, 6% and 9%, with double-digit growth in the U.S., Asia and Latin America. Total net A&H premiums were up 3.6% for the year in constant dollars, with international up 8%, led by Asia and Latin America, both of which were up double-digit. Our direct marketing business was particularly strong while our travel insurance business continued its rapid growth. As previously forecast, we are seeing growing signs of strength returning to our Combined Insurance business, which was down 2% and has been more sensitive to the impact of economic conditions on its lower- and middleincome customer base and suffered from regulatory issues in the U.K., where we have been forced to shrink the last few years.

Net written premiums increased 5% and underwriting profitability was excellent in our global reinsurance business in 2012. Premium growth was particularly strong in property catastrophe lines in the U.S. and Japan. Despite major losses in the marine reinsurance market and the impact of Superstorm Sandy, ACE's global reinsurance business finished the year with a combined ratio of 77.5% ­ simply world class in a reinsurance market that is highly competitive. While many reinsurers are happy to write business at an underwriting loss, casualty classes in particular, our reinsurance business is disciplined and willing

How we manage the challenging external environment ­ the clarity of our strategy and thoroughness of our execution combined with a patient long-term view ­ is what will continue to distinguish us.

to shed volume when it cannot make an underwriting profit. This is a terrific franchise ­ a solid and steady contributor to our results. We are rapidly growing our personal lines business, which was up almost 15% globally. We had strong double-digit growth in the U.S., where we focus exclusively on the high net worth market and have emerged as a real player in the category, and we had even faster growth in Europe, Asia and Latin America, where we offer a mix of traditional and specialty personal lines products. This business, by the way, is approaching $2 billion in gross premiums if we include the impact of our latest acquisitions in Indonesia and Mexico.

10

Lastly, ACE has a growing international life insurance business, which complements our consumer insurance strategy in developing economies and is focused primarily on Asia and secondarily on Latin America. Sales at ACE Life were up over 18% and the business achieved a milestone last year by making a positive contribution to earnings. As I have said before, building a life insurance business takes time and patience and in most countries we have done it from scratch. Ours is reaching a stage where the seeds we planted over the past seven years are now beginning to produce steadier premium growth and profitability that will increase in the years ahead, although our continued investment in distribution and expanded presence geographically will suppress rapid income growth over the short term. The ACE brand ­ a new expression It should be clear by now ­ our company has evolved dramatically over the last five and 10 years. We are no longer just a commercial P&C insurer serving large corporate customers in the developed markets of the U.S. and Western Europe. Today, our customers also include individuals purchasing life insurance for their families in Thailand, small business owners purchasing coverage in Malaysia, mobile phone users in Brazil purchasing insurance to protect their devices, and consumers buying auto and homeowners insurance in the U.S. and Indonesia. We realized that the ACE brand has to speak as confidently and persuasively to these new customer segments, and the agents and brokers who serve them, as it has done all these years to our commercial P&C customers ­ especially since this evolution will continue as part of our long-term strategy. So, this year we are introducing a new expression of the ACE brand that we believe will help raise awareness of our company and differentiate us in the marketplace. At the heart of our new brand ­ and closely tied to our unique culture ­ is a promise we all share: We bring a can-do attitude to everything we do. This brand promise is backed by an attitude that is energetic, disciplined, optimistic and driven to deliver results for our customers and business partners. There is also an alertness or restlessness about us. We intend to always be on the lookout for opportunities and to get better at what we do. We stay on top of market developments and respond quickly. And we're not a one-size-fits-all organization ­ we adapt to the local marketplace to best serve all of our customers, wherever they are around the globe. We're not kidding ourselves that

we currently deliver on this promise every day to every customer around the world. But I think as an ACE family we can "wear" this promise and be inspired by it. Our job collectively is to make that promise a reality. I am confident in our ability to deliver on our new brand promise because I am so proud of my fellow ACE colleagues around the world, my senior management team and our board of directors. It is a privilege to serve with these impressive individuals in this global village and I am extremely grateful for their dedication and contributions to our results last year. We will continue to face a challenging external environment in 2013 and beyond. That seems inevitable, and we are realists. How we manage that environment ­ the clarity of our strategy and hard-nosed thoroughness of execution combined with a patient long-term view ­ is what will continue to distinguish us. As this company's capabilities continue to evolve, our strategic options are accelerating. What I mean by that is as a result of our deepening geographic presence, product and distribution capabilities, our local and global general management depth and technical knowledge, and our balance sheet and scale of business, we can entertain growth opportunities ­ be they organic or acquisitions ­ in areas we simply couldn't consider before. Ultimately, over the long term, these are the attributes that separate the real winners from everyone else. I am optimistic for our future and confident that the can-do spirit and outperformance of ACE will endure. Thank you for believing in us.

Sincerely,

Evan G. Greenberg Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

11

