To My Fellow Shareholders
We will remember 2015 as a transfor- mational year in our company’s history. ACE’s acquisition of The Chubb Corporation, announced in July 2015 and completed in January 2016, creates the largest publicly traded property and casualty insurance company in
the world by market cap — and, more importantly, the highest quality one, too. The historic combination, which
is complementary in terms of product, customer, distribution and geographic presence, is more than a noteworthy milestone. It furthers in a dramatic way our clear, long-term strategy of targeted diversification and balanced mix of business, and positions our company so well for substantial incremental long- term growth. I will have much more to say about our new company, Chubb, throughout this letter.
We will also remember 2015 as our
last year with the name ACE. We
have worn it proudly — beginning 30 years ago when we were founded in 1985 as a niche monoline insurer in Bermuda and concluding with the acquisition of Chubb. As one of the world’s truly global P&C insurance companies with operations in 54 countries, we completed this chapter
in distinguished fashion — earning over $3.2 billion last year in net operating income, producing an operating ROE
of 11.5% and generating a record P&C combined ratio of 87.4%. Just 10 years ago, we earned less than $1 billion. Given the challenging macroeconomic and industry conditions, particularly for multinationals, the results were a testament to ACE’s long-term strategic vision and relentless focus on execution excellence. Indeed, if the makeup of the company’s business in terms of product and geographic capabilities was the same as it was five, seven
or even 10 years ago, we would not have been able to achieve this level of success.
Let’s first review last year and our history through the lens of ACE — who we are and what we accomplished
— and then transition to who we are becoming and the exciting potential of the new combined company, which now operates around the globe under the renowned Chubb name.
A difficult operating environment
The operating environment in 2015 was challenging to say the least. The global economy overall decelerated, driven by anemic growth in most developed countries — the U.S. and U.K. being exceptions; further cooling in emerging and natural resources- based countries due to the collapse in commodity prices — a result of China’s slowdown; and global overcapacity and increase of capital caused by cheap money from years of central banks’ stimulus — a drug we should have been off of some time ago. The stability but below-trend growth
of the U.S. economy was a relative bright spot and an attractive haven for foreign capital. This contributed to
the rapid rate of strengthening of the dollar over the past two years, which was a constant drag on all U.S. dollar- based multinationals and U.S. exports. Geopolitical tensions escalated with conditions deteriorating further in
the Middle East, including Sunni-Shia conflict led by Iran and Saudi Arabia, inviting an opportunistic Russia into the mix and driving extraordinary waves
of immigrants across Europe; terrorist activity increasing globally including
on U.S. and European soil; a menacing and isolated North Korea continuing to pose a nuclear threat to its neighbors and the world; and a more aggressive China asserting itself regionally in Asia and further inciting an ongoing arms race. As for the global P&C industry, insurance prices continued to soften, driven by stable results, increased capital and more static demand.
“The results were
a testament to ACE’s long-term strategic vision and relentless focus on execution excellence.”
 3

Despite these challenging conditions, ACE’s financial performance last year was simply excellent. While full-year operating income was essentially
flat on a per share basis with 2014’s record earnings and down about 3%
in absolute dollar terms, adjusted
for the impact of foreign exchange,
our operating EPS was up 3.5% over prior year and our earnings in dollars were flat. That’s an accomplishment few multinationals can claim and particularly noteworthy given that 50% of our income comes from outside
the U.S. The strong dollar impacted
our per share book value growth by $1 billion, with growth flat for the year but up over 3% excluding the unfavorable foreign currency movement. Net income of $8.62 per share was up about 2.5% from prior year despite the foreign exchange volatility. All in all, for a U.S. dollar-based multinational, our operating results were excellent. However, book and tangible book
value growth, our primary measures of wealth creation and which ultimately drive share price along with ROE, were below our standard.
I want to review ACE’s 2015 results
in a little more detail, beginning with underwriting. We are an underwriting company and so we measure ourselves first by combined ratio. We produced
a record P&C combined ratio last
year of 87.4% versus 87.7% in 2014, whereas our domestic and global peer groups’ results were 95.3% and 96.8%, respectively. We also had record P&C underwriting income of nearly $2 billion, up 1.7% on a reported basis, or 8% in constant dollars, driven by strong results from current year underwriting exposures (known as the current accident year). Loss activity, including natural catastrophes, was relatively benign last year with CAT losses of
$272 million after tax, up modestly
from the prior year’s $249 million.
The industry’s natural catastrophe losses in 2015 were $27 billion — the lowest level since 2009 — versus the previous 10-year average of $56 billion. Taking a disciplined approach to underwriting management also shows up in the positive development of our loss reserves for the business we wrote in prior years. We have prudently managed our loss reserves. (Keep
in mind, in the P&C business, good news tends to come early, and bad news tends to come late.) Last year we recorded a total of $546 million in pre- tax positive earnings from our reserve releases, essentially the same amount as the prior year.
Our other source of earnings in addition to underwriting is investment income, which declined 2.6% to $2.2 billion. Given the low interest rate environment and, again, the strength of the dollar, this was a very good result as currency and interest rate headwinds were offset by cash contributions to
the portfolio of $4 billion. For the year, our investment portfolio generated
an average book yield of 3.55% versus new money rates of about 2.80%. Remember, we take most of our risk
on the liability side of the balance sheet, with our capital leveraged against insurance risk exposure, so
we are conservative on the asset side (our invested assets are comprised
of shareholder capital and the loss reserves we hold to pay policyholder claims). We are fiduciaries of shareholder and policyholder money.
Our balance sheet is a formidable competitive advantage in a business where our financial strength and security equate to our ability to back the promises we make. We ended the year with total shareholders’ equity of $29.1 billion and total capital of $38.9 billion, up from $26.8 billion just five years ago and almost triple its $14.2 billion size 10 years ago.
“Adjusted for the impact of foreign exchange, our operating EPS was up 3.5% over prior year.”
4

My ACE colleagues worked hard last year to produce reasonable premium revenue growth given the challenges of an exceptionally strong U.S. dollar, weak economic conditions globally and a competitive insurance market. (By the way, so did my legacy Chubb colleagues.) Total company net written premiums for the year were essentially flat versus prior year but up over 5%
in constant dollars. Global P&C net premiums, which represent over 80% of our company’s business and include our core commercial and personal P&C and personal accident lines but exclude agriculture and life insurance, grew just over 1% on a reported basis and nearly 8% in constant dollars. From a regional perspective, premium growth last year was led by our businesses in Latin America and Asia, with retail
P&C net premiums up 18% and 15%, respectively, in constant dollars. This was followed by P&C net premium growth of over 10% in North America, which benefited substantially from
our acquisition of the U.S. high net worth personal lines business of the Fireman’s Fund.
A consistent long-term strategy and vision
Our success last year and, frankly, over the last decade is not by accident. We have had a clear and relatively simple long-term strategy for the company. I say simple because strategy should be able to be expressed in a reasonably simple, clear way. The tactics, the nuance and the execution add much complexity, but how we fundamentally think about strategy should be simple so we have absolute clarity of vision, which enables our focus and clear communication. Then we can adopt and execute that strategy obsessively all over the world — which is what we’ve been doing for the last 10 years and longer.
We are an insurance company — that is our sole focus — and our strategy can be described in five statements:
1. We are a growth company and measure ourselves in terms of
growth in book value and tangible book value. These are the ultimate measures of shareholder wealth creation. We also measure ourselves in terms of ROE, which speaks to how efficiently we use our capital. ROE efficiency plus growth in book value ultimately drive share price.
2. We follow an organized plan of long-term growth for our businesses and think about opportunity and capability in terms of geography, mix or line of business, customer and distribution. We have an objective to diversify our business in a targeted manner and go deeper and deeper by these four dimensions.
3. We grow organically and through strategic acquisitions that comple- ment or enhance our organic efforts. We don’t acquire simply for the
sake of size.
4. We strive to always maintain underwriting discipline — under- writing should enhance and never destroy book value. We should earn a profit in our basic business, and that’s underwriting.
5. We thoughtfully make investments to improve our capabilities and our ability to execute our strategies while at the same time creating future optionality.
We have been patient in this strategy and impatient in executing it. How have we done? Let’s look at each component in more detail.
Four dimensions — Over the past 10 years, ACE has increased its presence substantially in the fastest-growing regions and lines of business where we have perceived an opportunity
to create a comparative advantage, provide the market a needed service, make money and grow. Our attention over this period has been particularly centered in Asia, Latin America and the U.S., though we continued to pay attention to and support our very
good business in Europe. We enter markets and businesses around the globe selectively; we don’t just enter blindly in a mindless, “do everything everywhere” approach for the sake
of size. We study the market and determine which segments are most promising, where we bring competitive advantage and what it will take to
be successful. We have assembled
and groomed over many years an experienced senior management team comprised of insurance professionals and internationalists with substantial global experience. We are underwriters and global practitioners — something many of our large competitors don’t have and that’s to their detriment.
We know the cultures, structure of markets, geography, risk exposure and opportunities. Personally, I have been in the underwriting business for 40 years, working globally for over 30 years, and know the regions and countries firsthand. We have had an objective that Asia and Latin America should ultimately be 30% of the company. Over the past decade, the share has gone from 15% to 23%
of our gross premiums at year-end. In constant dollars, it was about 25% at year-end, so we’ve made good progress.
In terms of product diversification, our mix of commercial and consumer business has also evolved. Ten years
 5

ago, commercial lines were 86% of
our net premiums, with consumer
lines 14%. Five years ago, the mix was 67% commercial and 33% consumer.
By year-end 2015, the split was 61% commercial and 39% consumer. Of
the consumer business, A&H and life insurance were 25% of our business at year-end (with most of that A&H) — in line with our objective of 30%. Personal lines was 14%. We talked about a long- term objective of 20% for personal lines, so we’re on a path to achieving that — in fact, faster than I thought. Targeted acquisitions are opportunistic and they helped accelerate our growth. Reinsurance is a much smaller part of our company, representing 5% of our net premiums at year-end, down from 9% 10 years ago, and that’s a natural consequence of the kind of company we’ve become and the marketplace.
Growth organically and through acquisition — We’re builders first. Over the last 10 years, about 70% of our business growth has been organic, 30% has been through targeted and complementary acquisitions. (That’s before Chubb, of course.) Our growth is, again, the result of clear, strategic intent — nothing has been by accident. Though, as I said, acquisitions are opportunistic — right company, right place, right time, right price. Our approach has produced the kinds of returns shareholders expect. Over
the last five years, we have grown premium revenue about 50% faster than the industry.
Underwriting focus — We have created long-term sustainable value through our culture of underwriting excellence. Underwriting is and always will be the heart of our company.
We will trade market share for underwriting profit for any product
in any geography with little exception.
We endeavor in all we do to make a profit in our basic business of taking risk, and we have produced an excellent track record in this regard. Over the last one, three, five and 10 years, our average P&C combined ratio has ranged between 87.4% and 90.3%. This is simply world class in absolute terms and superior to both our North American and global peer groups, which over the same time periods recorded average combined ratios of between 94.5% and 97.6% and 96.3% and 97.1%, respectively. Only one other company shared the same underwriting discipline, mindset and track record — and that was Chubb. They produced an average P&C combined ratio of between 87.3% and 90.5%.
Investments in our company —
We have made important investments in our capabilities over the last five
and 10 years as part of our strategy
to ensure we don’t outrun our supply lines. We continue to invest in the core capabilities that build comparative advantage and contribute to long-term returns. Over the last five years, we have made substantial investments
in underwriting and portfolio management, data management/ predictive analytics, workflow management and industrial engineering capabilities, customer and distribution management, and claims management, including the technologies that support these areas. We have invested in developing, tracking and retaining our talent in all disciplines globally and
this includes a comprehensive training and development agenda with formal education and on-the-job training. We
also hire and manage a diverse pool
of several hundred new associates globally every year. By the way, legacy Chubb was renowned for their training and development programs and
they will make us better. In addition, recognizing that the world is going digital at a faster and faster rate, and the possibilities to digitize all facets
of our business have accelerated, we have embraced a vision to ultimately become a company that incorporates digital capability as a component of every step of our business in a seamless fashion — from marketing and sales, underwriting and pricing, servicing and claims handling, to interacting with our distribution partners and directly with our customers. To achieve this in totality is iterative and will take time.
Deploying shareholder capital responsibly — We have been resolute that we will, as a first priority, use
our capital to grow per share book value by investing in and growing the company and by doing it efficiently. Many companies have increased their share price by buying back stock and shrinking or slowly growing their company — it has become the safe and fashionable trend. If you have no other strategic uses for your capital that can generate superior risk-adjusted returns over time, that makes sense. We haven’t had that problem. By the way,
I think many other companies haven’t either; they’ve just taken the easy way and succumbed to short-term investor pressures — and that’s not strategy. The truth is, when you reach a certain stage of development, size matters in this industry. Relative to our peers over the past 10 years, we have grown our per share book value at the highest level, without buying back much stock, and at the same time our market cap, which is a reflection of our balance sheet and earning power, has grown faster.
6

Over any reasonable period of time, book and tangible book value growth combined with ROE underpin total return. As stated earlier, we are a growth company and we measure ourselves by growth in book value over the medium and long term. In a risk business with market and economic cycles, responsible earnings growth will not occur in a smooth line so book value growth is the more insightful measure. ACE’s book value has nearly tripled in the last 10 years and has grown at a compound annual rate of 9.4%; over the past five years, it’s grown 5% annually or 6.3% in constant dollars. While we have been impacted recently by the U.S. dollar, our shareholders
will continue to benefit over time
from our diversified global presence, which is a unique source of earnings strength, provides stability and enables us to capitalize on opportunities with the best growth prospects. This is a winning strategy and it will translate into superior book value growth, again, over time.
Our earning power is derived from the growth velocity and quality of our businesses, the size and strength of our balance sheet, and the quality and character of our culture and people. These are the most important factors that drive long-term sustainable
book value and tangible book value growth and total return. All three are exceptional for this company. Again, companies increase their per share book value growth and maintain a reasonable ROE either by investing for growth (increasing the numerator) or by returning capital to shareholders (shrinking the denominator) or a combination of the two. We prefer a combination of the two. In much of the past decade, we invested most of our capital for growth while paying an attractive and increasing dividend
for which we target circa 30% of our earnings. Over the more recent past, based on our earning power and the insurance operating environment, we balanced our approach by retaining capital to grow our earning power and returning more capital to shareholders through targeted share repurchases. In 2015, for example, we earned $3.2 billion and returned $1.6 billion, which included $875 million in dividends and $734 million in repurchased shares. We have clearly demonstrated over a period of years that when we build up sufficient capital flexibility for both opportunity and risk, we return the additional capital surplus we generate via share repurchase and dividends
as long as we retain enough for future opportunity and risk. With our acquisition of Chubb, there will be no change to this philosophy.
Our strategy has held us in good stead over the years. Looking at ACE since 2010, we’ve done well by virtually any measure, relative and absolute. We’ve made substantial progress in growing premiums, operating income, book value and book value per share, and market cap:
- In gross premiums, we went on a published basis from $19.5 billion to $24 billion, a 22% change — all while the dollar strengthened
- Operating income from $2.7 billion to $3.2 billion
- Book value, how we create wealth, from $23 billion to nearly $30 billion — up 28%, or 36% in constant dollars
- Book value per share, from $68.17 to $89.77 — up 32%, or 40% in constant dollars
- Our market cap went from $21 billion to $38 billion, up over 80%
- All of this while producing an operating ROE in the range of 10.6% to 13.1% — a pretty good spread over risk-free rates
“We have created long-term sustainable value through our culture of underwriting excellence.”
7

Lastly, I believe good results, including ROE and book value per share growth, ultimately find their way into the share price. The 4.2% total return on ACE’s common stock in 2015, which includes share price appreciation plus dividends, was modest but compares favorably with the 1.4% return for
the S&P 500 and the 2.3% return for the S&P 500 Insurance index. Using a longer-term perspective, ACE has produced a total return of 57%, 112% and 174%, respectively, for the three-, five- and 10-year periods.
All of this success over the past 10 years puts us in a position of strength in both absolute and relative terms. Quite frankly, I would not have had the confidence to embrace the bold vision that has led us in so many directions
if I did not have such great faith in our organization’s leadership capabilities and people. And nowhere is that
more true or apparent than with our acquisition of Chubb.
The Chubb acquisition — a continuity of strategy
We completed the acquisition of
The Chubb Corporation on January
14 paying $29.5 billion in aggregate cash and stock in what is the largest P&C insurance transaction ever. Chubb shareholders received total consideration valued at $129.75 per share — a 36% premium to Chubb’s price at the time of the announcement — in an approximately 50%-50% mix of stock and cash. ACE shareholders retained 70% of the company
while Chubb shareholders received 30% ownership. Both ACE and Chubb shareholders overwhelmingly approved the transaction, which received support from approximately 98% of the votes cast.
We financed the $14.3 billion cash portion of the transaction through
a combination of $9 billion of cash
on hand between both companies
and $5.3 billion of new long-term
debt, which we raised in October
in the largest-ever — and much oversubscribed — bond offering from an insurance company. Regarding the stock component, we issued 137 million shares of ACE to Chubb shareholders with a fixed exchange ratio of 0.6019 ACE shares for each Chubb share based on ACE’s closing price of $111.02. The equity consideration represented approximately $15.2 billion. By the
way, the ACE share price appreciated over 9% from the time we announced the acquisition in July to the closing in January — unusual for the acquirer and a sign of shareholder confidence in the combined company.
What makes the transaction excep- tional is that it’s both strategically compelling — which I will discuss during the course of this letter — and financially compelling due to the attractive shareholder returns we expect to generate. It’s immediately accretive to book value per share and we expect it to be accretive to EPS
on a double-digit basis by year two.
It’s dilutive to tangible book value on
a per share basis but returns to its pre-transaction level by end of year three, which implies an accelerated tangible book value growth rate. The transaction is dilutive to tangible
book value because of the premium paid, which results in goodwill from
an intangible, income-producing
asset. In my judgment, what makes
the dilution acceptable and, in fact, compelling is the high-quality nature of that income-producing asset: Chubb’s earning power. As a result, book value and tangible book value grow faster because of this intangible income- producing asset. The earnings pay back the goodwill in five years. On the other hand, goodwill increases shareholder equity and that impacts ROE accretion,
“What makes
the transaction exceptional is that it’s both strategically compelling
and financially compelling.”
 8

which will be relatively modest. All
in all, it’s a fair price to pay given the quality franchise we bought and all of the value creation that will continue in perpetuity. And as noted earlier, our share price performance is ultimately derived from a combination of book value growth and ROE. While ROE accretion is modest, book value
will grow faster. Lastly, we expect
that the ROI will exceed ACE’s cost of capital within two years, resulting in
a double-digit return by year three. This is a metric I watch because it speaks most clearly to underlying shareholder economics and good use of shareholder money.
In terms of the transaction’s future value creation and savings, we
are on track to realize — and likely substantially exceed — the originally announced $650 million of annual run-rate expense savings by 2018, which will improve our earnings and provide us with more flexibility to invest for growth and a sustainable competitive profile. More importantly, the combination of our two companies into the new Chubb is a story of enhanced growth. The two together will grow more quickly than the sum of the two separately. I have said from the beginning that this is the ultimate strategic purpose of the transaction, given the complementary strengths
of the two companies. I am more convinced than ever that we will achieve meaningful growth that will result in substantial additional revenue and earnings over time. We didn’t waste time in the six-month period between our acquisition announcement on July 1 and our closing date
on January 14. We established a comprehensive integration roadmap and a detailed integration plan of action that covered all areas globally including underwriting, claims, sales, marketing, client and technical services, business
processing, IT systems, HR and real estate. This ensured that everyone was ready to hit the ground running and begin executing as soon as we closed — and that included some early growth- related initiatives as priorities for 2016, some of which I will describe later.
ACE and Chubb — a shared passion for underwriting
Both ACE and Chubb have always
been underwriting companies — underwriting is deep in the culture of both companies, bred in our grooming, standards and day-to-day behavior. That doesn’t mean we never make mistakes or aren’t caught off guard occasionally. But at our core, we
share a passion for the art and science of underwriting and that passion is reflected in our discipline and in our results as I demonstrated earlier with consistent industry-leading combined ratios. Both companies have insisted on making an underwriting profit on the risks we take, and the new Chubb’s pro forma 2015 results bear that out
— a P&C combined ratio of 88.4% and underwriting income exceeding
$3 billion.
Another example of our shared passion is that we both have been intensely focused on underwriting portfolio management. This focus has enabled us to constantly refine our risk selection decisions around what lines to grow
or shrink and, where necessary, take corrective actions. Dynamic portfolio management, along with years of experience and large risk pools of
data, have no doubt contributed to both companies’ fine underwriting results. In addition, the use of data
and advanced analytics, including predictive modeling, has been a mutual strategic priority for some time. Analytical tools and data management better inform fact-based decision- making and improve our underwriting. By the way, some companies confuse
data analytics and modeling with underwriting, believing the key to managing risk is simply about the rate charged. That’s a display of ignorance and a lack of understanding of what our business is about. We are particularly excited about the prospect of mining our combined companies’ trove of data assets — including Chubb’s vast insights and data into many lines of business in the U.S. middle market and personal lines — to drive new opportunities in both the developed and developing markets. Managed correctly, this is a powerful and strategic advantage that will further differentiate our company over the long term.
Complementary strengths
The new Chubb is also a very well diversified and reasonably balanced company. First, in terms of geography, we have a deep presence around the world with extensive local operations in nearly 700 offices in 54 countries and territories. We are both a local insurance company, serving the needs of indigenous businesses, individuals and families with many offices covering a wide geography in any one country, and a global insurance company, providing complex and sophisticated commercial insurance services to large corporations and multinationals that benefit from a global network. Sixty- four percent of our gross premiums written are now based in the United States, with 14% based in Europe, 18% in Asia and Latin America, and the remaining 4% in Canada and Bermuda.
As I explained earlier, as ACE, we steadily built our presence and capabilities around the globe wherever there was opportunity, and as of year-end (before Chubb,) 50% of our business was outside the U.S. This includes developed markets in Europe and Asia as well as emerging markets
  9

in Asia and Latin America where ACE positioned itself to take advantage
of faster-growth economies that
are fostering new business creation and the emergence of a middle
class. While we’re now more U.S.- centric given the addition of Chubb’s massive, predominantly agency- based U.S. middle market and personal lines businesses, the scale of our international business is also greater with each region of the world larger in absolute terms. We remain committed to our vision that business from markets outside of the U.S. will again represent a larger share of our company; we aspire to achieve a 50-50 balance.
Second, the new Chubb is well balanced in terms of product mix. Commercial and specialty property and casualty represent 55% of our
net premiums, followed by personal lines at 21%, A&H and life at 17%, and agriculture and reinsurance taking up the remaining 4% and 3%, respectively. (Net premiums are a better measure for product mix because that’s the portion of our writings we retain on our balance sheet, with the balance going to third-party reinsurers. Gross premiums are the portion we retain plus what we give reinsurers, and
are better for measuring our market presence.) The Chubb acquisition brings us so much more capability — including underwriting knowledge, data and analytical insights, product and distribution capability, exceptional claims and engineering services,
and so many talented, seasoned professionals — to serve, in particular, the mid-size commercial and high net worth personal lines markets in North America through an expanded agency system that can be leveraged globally.
- With $8.5 billion in net premiums ($12 billion gross) in 2015, ACE already was a major force in commercial P&C. But today the new Chubb is a global commercial P&C powerhouse — with nearly $17 billion in pro forma net premiums ($21 billion gross) and product, claims and risk engineering capabilities to serve companies of
all sizes. With no slowdown in the world’s evolving and emerging risks facing business — from cyber security and terrorism to complex product recall and environmental liabilities,
to the full range of D&O and E&O risks, where the new Chubb is again the largest writer in the world — we are extremely well equipped to assist commercial customers of all sizes with their insurance and risk management needs. About 35% of our commercial P&C business is focused on large corporate customers that are
served by retail brokers while 47% is focused on middle market and small commercial companies served by retail independent agents and brokers. The balance, or 18%, is specialty excess and surplus lines (E&S) distributed through
wholesale brokers.
- On the consumer insurance side, we have an exceptionally broad range of products for individual consumers and their families that include automobile, homeowners, fine art, planes and boats, personal liability, cell phones, accident, travel, supplemental health and life insurance. The consumer insurance product area where the Chubb acquisition makes the greatest impact is property and casualty personal lines, where we go from a $2.5 billion business as measured by net premiums ($3.2 billion gross) to a nearly $6.5 billion business ($7.4 billion gross). About three-quarters of that premium is generated in the U.S. where the new Chubb remains
the premier provider of personal lines to high net worth individuals and families, and where all other competitors are thin gruel in comparison. The balance of our global personal lines business is written outside the U.S. and ranges from general-market auto in Malaysia, Thailand and in Mexico, where we have over one million customers, to specialty mobile phone replacement coverage in Europe. We are highly selective in what we do in this category — focusing, for example, only on areas where we can earn reasonable underwriting margins and where our skills and capability bring comparative advantage.
- With over $4 billion in net premiums ($4.5 billion gross), A&H is truly a global business as it has been for
ACE for many years. The business comprises personal accident and supplemental health coverage typically sold as either a group benefit via employer plans or as special insurance protection offerings from
a sponsoring organization for its members and customers. We sell our A&H products through a variety of channels including independent agents, brokers, tied agents, direct marketing and bank branches.
- With $1.8 billion in annual premiums and deposits, Chubb Life is focused on Asia and primarily utilizes exclusive agency and bancassurance distribution. We have been building our life insurance business patiently and with discipline — the only way it can be done if the objective is to have a sustainable and profitable business. When life insurance is combined with our personal lines and global A&H
10

“We aim to deliver more products through our distribution partners to our existing customers, particularly mid- market commercial companies.”
businesses, our consumer-facing lines represent 37% of the company’s net premiums, and we have an objective to grow them to a greater percentage over time.
- Lastly, with $830 million in net premiums ($883 million gross), and now operating under the Chubb Tempest Re name, our global reinsurance business has been shrinking for several years in the face of declining reinsurance rates and increasing competition in an overcapitalized market. Global Re experienced modest catastrophe losses and produced excellent underwriting results in 2015 with a world-class combined ratio of 65%.
The third dimension of the new Chubb is its diversified customer base, and
it’s related to the product mix I just described. While 10 or 15 years ago
ACE was an insurer that predominantly served large companies for their commercial P&C needs, the new Chubb today has an extremely broad mix of commercial and personal customers. On the commercial side, our customers range from large domestic companies and multinational corporations to middle market commercial businesses of all sizes to small commercial enterprises and even the microbusiness market. On the personal insurance side, our customers range from high net worth families in the U.S., where we insure their homes, cars and precious valuables, to lower-middle income consumers in emerging markets purchasing accident insurance from their credit card, cell phone or utility provider. The addition of Chubb’s leading franchises serving middle market commercial customers in the U.S., Europe and several major markets in Asia and Latin America, as well as their premier business serving U.S.
high net worth individuals and families, substantially deepen and broaden
the company’s portfolio of customer
segments. Again, Chubb’s exceptional claims and engineering capabilities and service quality generally are a real asset and make us better.
The fourth and last dimension to consider for the new Chubb is our distribution strength, and that’s all about what customers we are trying
to reach and the best methods to do
so respective of local cultures, history and economic conditions. In fact, distribution is core to a number of our growth strategies. For example, we aim to deliver more products through our distribution partners to our existing customers, particularly mid-market commercial companies. Growing our small commercial business globally through innovative and traditional distribution is another major long-term strategic initiative.
We are particularly excited about the addition of Chubb’s exceptional field organization in North America, which overnight morphs our distribution presence from nine regional and branch offices for ACE to 48 as the
new Chubb. This branch presence was created to work hand in glove with the thousands of independent agents with whom Chubb has had decades-strong relationships and who represent our middle market commercial lines and high net worth personal lines products. We now have more than 5,000 agents and brokers representing the new Chubb’s commercial and personal
lines P&C products in North America. We also have about 9,000 specialized agents who market our crop and agricultural insurance products, and 3,600 captive agents in our Combined Insurance operation marketing personal accident and supplemental health insurance products.
11

“The business will benefit from ACE’s approach to innovation and investment — an example of how our cultures complement each other.”
When added to the 32,000 P&C agents and brokers the company has in Europe, Asia and Latin America, the universe of the new Chubb’s agent and broker distribution means exceptional access to existing and potential customers. And as a reminder, in addition to agents and brokers, we have many other valuable distribution partners. These include hundreds of sponsoring organizations, employers and banks that sell our A&H products to their millions of customers and members, either through their own channels or through our specialized direct marketing capabilities. In our direct marketing operation, we have about 7,500 telemarketers in over 100 call centers making close to 100 million calls each year. We also have about 51,000 exclusive agents who market life insurance for us in Asia.
As I did in last year’s letter, but now reflecting the new Chubb organization, I would like to take you on a tour of our company’s operations geographically beginning with North America.
North America
Comprising operations in the U.S., Canada and Bermuda and with $25.5 billion in gross premiums, North America is by far the new Chubb’s largest region representing 68% of the company. In addition to our 48 commercial P&C branch offices,
we have another 220 locations and altogether nearly 18,000 employees who write commercial and personal P&C and A&H coverage for a broad swath of businesses and individual consumers. In fact, our North American division is larger than the vast majority of U.S. insurers. The balance of business in the region is excellent: one-third is with large
and upper middle-market corporate customers, over 40% is focused
on the vast middle and small commercial markets, and just over 25% is with consumers.
Our North American business is organized into five separate divisions. The first is North America Major Accounts & Specialty Insurance, which comprises the traditional and specialty commercial P&C insurance businesses that serve the large corporate and upper middle markets in the U.S.
and Canada, and the E&S markets in the U.S. and Bermuda. The second division is North America Commercial Insurance, which is our business that serves the middle market and small commercial customer segments in
the U.S. and Canada. Next is North America Personal Risk Services, our company’s personal lines insurance business serving affluent and high net worth individuals and families on the continent. We then have Combined Insurance, which sells A&H products to middle-income consumers in the U.S and Canada through its own captive agents. And lastly there’s our business that serves the agriculture insurance market across the U.S.
Large corporate and upper middle- market companies have been a core ACE franchise from its earliest days and the new Chubb organization has
a truly impressive lineup of talent
and a broad portfolio of products to continue to meet the sophisticated risk management insurance needs of the Fortune 2000. We serve this segment of the market through our North America Major Accounts business, which works with retail brokers, as well as through Chubb Bermuda, our newly named but original high-excess insurer, which conducts business through wholesale brokers. The Westchester is our E&S and specialty product company, which serves both the large corporate and middle market segments. Westchester distributes
 12

its specialty products through the wholesale brokerage marketplace and is a top-three E&S provider in North America writing hard-to-place and unusual risks. Products offered by these businesses have a specialty bent and provide coverage where an underwriter makes a difference. The large corporate segment of the market is currently quite competitive, with relatively flat premium growth in 2015. However, product and service innovations, together with insightful underwriting through portfolio management, help identify profitable growth areas and maintain margins.
North America Commercial Insurance is the name of our business that serves the U.S. middle market. For the last five years, ACE has focused
on growing its capabilities to better serve this vast commercial segment with specialty products, and we produced good results though we remained a modest presence. That strategic objective simply morphed with the addition of Chubb’s premier commercial P&C franchise — an independent agent-based powerhouse that serves companies up and down the entire middle market spectrum with
a combination of packaged products offering broad coverage as well as a menu of many specialty products. With its foundation based on the heritage Chubb Commercial Insurance and Specialty Insurance divisions, North America Commercial Insurance is
a business distinguished by deep knowledge, expertise and experience serving middle market companies generally and within specific industry segments, from clean energy and
high tech to life sciences and real estate. It’s also distinguished by time- honored relationships with over 4,500 independent agents, and renowned claims and engineering services. As I alluded to earlier, one of our primary growth strategies is to arm these agents
with a broader portfolio of products
— many of which address specialty risks and come from the old ACE organization. As a complement to the traditional packaged product offerings, which are central but common to
this market segment, specialty risk solutions such as environmental, cyber and construction will expand sales and service opportunities for the agents and premium revenue growth for us.
Turning to consumers, ACE was
a young entrant but fast-growing provider of insurance to the high
net worth market in North America through ACE Private Risk Services,
a business that we built over the last seven years and added to substantially in 2015 with the acquisition of the Fireman’s Fund personal lines insurance business in the U.S. The legacy Chubb high net worth personal lines business was in a class by itself. They were the pioneers of this segment and the number one provider in the country with a depth of knowledge, capabilities, services and customer insights unlike any other provider.
The merging of our businesses into
the new North America Personal
Risk Services creates the absolute premier insurer to this discerning clientele. We have an extensive product portfolio — home, auto, fine art, personal liability, watercraft — paired with the industry’s best claims and residential risk consulting teams and
a distribution network of more than 2,500 independent agents and brokers. The business will benefit from ACE’s approach to innovation and investment — an example of how our cultures complement each other — and we see tremendous growth potential as we leverage the power of Chubb’s rich data insights into this market.
We have two other consumer-facing businesses in North America. The first is Combined Insurance, which primarily uses a captive agency sales force and fast-growing worksite business to deliver supplemental employee benefits, personal accident and life products to middle-income consumers. The other is the A&H unit of our Major Accounts & Commercial divisions, which sells employee benefit programs and accident and supplemental health group coverage to large and mid-size companies
and various organizations through brokers. For Combined Insurance, net premiums in North America were up 5% in constant dollars for the year — the continuation of its successful comeback story. Agent recruitment was up 24%
in 2015, much of that coming from U.S. military veterans, whom we favor for their self-motivation and discipline. For the second year in a row, Combined was recognized as the number one Military Friendly Employer in the U.S. by G.I. Jobs magazine. The company also has a promising initiative aimed
at hiring Spanish-speaking agents who are able to culturally connect with and serve the Hispanic community, which is an underserved market.
Finally, we have our agriculture insurance business, which finished the year with a current accident
year combined ratio of 89% and net premiums down about 15%, driven
by lower crop commodity prices. Our Rain and Hail unit is a leading crop insurer in the U.S. and distributes its coverage through a large network of independent agents. Crop insurance is a business where premiums fluctuate up and down based on commodity prices and how revenue and losses are shared with the government. Complementing what we do in crop insurance is our agribusiness group, which focuses on the commercial P&C
13

needs of farmers and ranchers. This represents another unique cross-sell opportunity for Chubb agents in certain branches to market farm and ranch coverages to their clients — a capability legacy Chubb did not possess. Agriculture is a $2.2 billion gross premiums business for us and overall
it had an excellent year.
Europe
Europe is the company’s second largest region representing 14% of the new Chubb with about $5.4 billion in combined gross premiums last year. Focusing on large and mid-market companies with commercial P&C products, and A&H and specialty personal lines for consumers,
the region consists of substantial operations in the United Kingdom and 18 other countries and territories. We have over 3,800 colleagues in nearly 90 offices.
Legacy Chubb’s operations, particularly in the U.K., Germany and France,
add incremental people, product and distribution capabilities that enhance our middle market and personal
lines know-how. We have significant presence in some of these markets. The U.K. and Ireland market, for example, is half the region and the company’s second-largest market after the U.S. with over $2.9 billion in gross premiums, 12 offices and a full range of commercial and specialty P&C and A&H products and services. We also have nine offices in France and seven in Germany serving both commercial customers and consumers.
The business mix in the region comprises 70% commercial lines and 30% consumer lines. Our distribution strategy in Europe relies on retail brokers and agents and wholesale brokers operating in London, one of the world’s largest insurance markets
and where we have had a longstanding presence in Lloyd’s. Our specialty personal lines and A&H programs, including business travel accident, are sold through brokers and sponsors, and selectively through direct marketing to consumers, employees and customers of large organizations.
Our European business has been a solid and steady contributor to earnings. Given the competitive insurance market and weak eurozone economic conditions, premium growth has and will remain constrained for at least
the short term. This includes Chubb Global Markets, our wholesale Lloyd’s- centric E&S business that’s based in the currently hyper-competitive London market. Chubb Global Markets products include trade credit, aviation, energy, marine and specialty property, and when combined with the capabilities
of Chubb Bermuda’s Sovereign Risk Insurance unit, the company is one
of the largest writers of political risk insurance in the world. Challenging economic conditions have been offset by focused underwriting portfolio management, strengthened sales and distribution capabilities, and product and service enhancements. Concerning the latter, for example, we introduced a new multinational product with increased capacity for buyers of terrorism, political violence and
war insurance.
Asia
Our Asia region, with $3.5 billion
in gross premiums, represents 10% of the new Chubb. We’re present in 14 countries and have over 5,300 employees in 144 offices serving all sizes of commercial customers and consumers. Chubb’s capabilities in the region strengthen our already- deep presence and improve our market standing in several countries, particularly Australia, Hong Kong and Singapore.
“Asia, of any region of the world, represents the greatest long-term growth potential for our company.”
  14

In terms of premium revenue mix, commercial P&C is 32% of our business in Asia. Consumer non-life, meaning A&H and personal lines, is about 50% with life the remaining 18%. Our mix
of business is aligned with the region’s secular growth trends, including the continued emergence of middle-class consumers and small businesses as well as the development of large world-class companies as these economies develop. Our large commercial business in the region is distributed predominantly through retail brokers while middle market, small commercial, personal lines and A&H are through over
6,300 independent agents. Our A&H products are also distributed through 3,600 telemarketers and through
travel agents.
I have said in the past that Asia, of any region of the world, represents the greatest long-term growth potential for our company due to its size and the fact that the global center of economic gravity, led by China and to a lesser degree India, continues shifting toward Asia. Since 2010, ACE’s gross premiums in Asia have grown at a compound annual rate of 13% in constant dollars. In fact, in 2015, some of the company’s fastest-growing countries were based in the region as measured by growth in net premiums, including Thailand and Vietnam, both at 28%, and Taiwan at 23%. Relative to other global insurers present in Asia, the new Chubb is a major player as measured by gross premium and well positioned to continue to capitalize on the region’s favorable growth trends.
Unique to the Asia region is our life insurance business, which operates
in six countries as Chubb Life and maintains a separate 36% joint venture interest in China’s Huatai Life. We market our savings and investment-
oriented life products through our exclusive agents as well as through bank branches and telemarketing.
Our life business should be a growing contributor to earnings in the short-to- medium term.
Latin America
In Latin America, we are active in
nine nations and write total gross premiums of $3 billion, which is about 8% of the company. We are the leading commercial P&C insurer in Brazil, which ACE became after combining the large commercial P&C business of Itaú Seguros with ACE Brazil in 2014. We are also a leading P&C company in Mexico, as well as Chile, Colombia and Ecuador. Across the region today we have
4,600 employees in over 120 offices. Commercial P&C represents about 40% of our book with the balance concentrated in consumer products — A&H and personal lines.
Like Asia, Latin America has a growing middle class, plenty of new business creation, and the presence of
both large domestic and multinational companies in most countries. We distribute our commercial P&C products predominantly through retail brokers while small commercial and personal lines are sold through brokers and over 13,000 independent agents. A&H is sold mostly through agents
and direct marketing using our 4,300 telemarketers.
In the last five years, Latin America has been ACE’s fastest-growing region with compound annual growth in gross premiums of 21% in constant dollars. However, Latin America, like Asia, is undergoing many of the same challenges of economic volatility and political instability, driven on the
one hand by China’s slowdown and the impact on its appetite for natural resources that are major exports of
many of these regions’ countries,
and on the other hand by the countries’ own political and economic problems. That said, we remain bullish on
the region’s medium- and long-term prospects.
Global insurance market conditions: sluggish demand and oversupply
I want to say a few words about the external operating environment. For context, on a micro level relative to the industry, the new Chubb is on the ascendency — our potential value- creating power and momentum, and the opportunities and possibilities
we see, stand in stark contrast to
the operating environment for our industry. It is in our hands to make
it happen and realize that potential, and that’s our organization’s focus. Compared to the mood of our industry and a number of major competitors that are heading in the other direction, we are energized and optimistic. The weakness of major incumbents and the rise of the new Chubb are major events that may reshape our industry.
Concerning industry market conditions, the environment continues to grow more competitive for commercial P&C insurance globally and varies depending on the territory, line of business and size of risk.
There has been an absence of major natural catastrophes for a number of years, though we have had some large man-made loss activity. The industry
is awash in capital. And we have relatively slow economic growth, which means slow industry growth because exposures grow more slowly when economic growth is slow or stagnant. So supply, or capital, is out of balance
  15

with demand — it’s the fundamental economic equation that applies to any industry. Therefore, we have a soft and softening market producing headwinds which we now confront and will likely be with us for a number of years.
The pressures are beginning to show through in the operating results of many other companies, but we are just at the beginning. Conditions are the most competitive in reinsurance and the major wholesale markets of London and Bermuda. Our industry is global, and the wholesale and reinsurance markets are impacting insurance conditions in all regions, where
again supply exceeds demand — a phenomenon we see from Australia to Brazil.
For short-tail lines and physical risks such as property, marine, energy and aviation, rates are as cheap as we have seen for many years and have reached levels that are not sustainable to earn a profit over any reasonable period. Many market participants are simply gambling that if they don’t have a normal level of expected CATs or large losses they will make money — a pretty dumb plan. Casualty pricing is not keeping pace with loss costs and that means pressure on margins. Add to that the impact of low interest rates on investment income and there’s simply no place for many insurers to hide when it comes to earning power.
Macroeconomic conditions: slow and slowing growth
From a macro perspective, it is a difficult operating environment economically and politically. The world cannot be summed up in a single sentence. Macroeconomic conditions are difficult and quite complex, and
as a result visibility is limited and identifying a definitive direction is not
easy. Economically, the world is moving at different speeds, and geopolitical concerns around the world contribute to a high level of uncertainty and unease. That’s why financial markets right now are so volatile and jump between risk-on and risk-off modes at the drop of a hat. The world is more complex and troubled than at any time since World War II.
Economic growth is slow and slowing. It’s a combination of economic and geopolitical pressures. The slowdown in China, as the country continues to reform and moves from an export- and investment-led economy to a more consumer-oriented one, will be felt for some time. Chinese leadership appears committed to that strategy and, in fact, there is some evidence it is happening. But it will take time for services
and consumption to replace the old model of heavy industry, exports and investment. It is in their long-term interest to do so, but the execution and determination leave a lot to be desired. Command and control in China is not what many people think it is. Reform
in China is a threat to many powerful entrenched interests, and at the same time the current political and social priorities to reassert control by the party and subsume individual rights in the name of stability and security are in direct tension with economic reform. Visibility and certainty around China are difficult.
China’s slowing growth continues to impact all natural resource- and export- dependent countries around the world, particularly throughout Asia and Latin America. Depressed commodity prices; elevated private and public sector dollar-denominated debt levels in many
emerging markets, with currencies depreciated against the dollar; and political turmoil are all factors that add up to a troubled emerging markets environment.
We may be at the beginning of a great unwind in credit availability. If so, that bodes poorly for future growth and
the interest rate outlook. Central bank policies to stimulate growth following the financial crisis have in my judgment outlived their usefulness, and stimulus was deployed too long as a substitute for fiscal and economic reform. Central banks pumped $9 trillion to $10 trillion in stimulus, and the misallocation
of capital from cheap money is part
of what we are experiencing. Today, we see less-coordinated central bank policies with the Fed aiming to tighten but confounded by a strong dollar while the EU and Japan engage in continued monetary easing. Many emerging economies are suffering at their own hand as well, exacerbating macro problems as a result of self- inflicted political, fiscal and monetary poor judgment.
Europe has produced somewhere between zero and 1% growth — hardly exciting. Lack of economic and fiscal reform is at the heart of Europe’s problems, and they are not solving them. So that doesn’t inspire a lot
of confidence. Then you overlay
the geopolitical issues that Europe
is dealing with, particularly around terrorism and immigration, and
that raises a lot of concerns and the specter of risk around Europe. As for Japan, again, there is lack of fiscal
and economic reform and an aging population. Slow, unexciting domestic growth — in fact, shrinkage — is their future. That’s why Japanese companies are investing abroad for growth and higher returns.
 16

“There is a craving for leadership to solve problems — to make us feel good and proud about ourselves and our country — in other words, to lead us.”
Flight to safety and misallocation of capital
The U.S. has been an engine of growth, but the U.S. is slowing. The dollar’s strength and low interest rates are a result of the flight to safety. Everyone wants their money in dollars. If you are Chinese, Brazilian, Venezuelan, Russian, or if you are in the Middle East, you want your money in U.S. assets — you want U.S. dollars. It is the safest place to be in troubled times, and that’s what’s contributing to downward pressure on U.S. Treasury rates and driving up urban real estate in many cities. The dollar has soared more in the last two years than at any other time in recent history, and that’s weighing on our economic growth.
It’s weighing on all multinationals. For ACE last year, we grew our global P&C premium revenue 1% on a published basis but in local currency — on a constant dollar basis — we grew 8%. And we did better than most.
In the U.S., we see the impact on growth and productivity from cheap money that has driven asset prices and capital misallocation. The
result has played out in a lack of corporate investment in favor of share repurchases from companies simply
to drive short-term share prices. U.S. public companies have spent over
$3 trillion on share buybacks since 2010, representing approximately half of their earnings over that period. Combined with dividends, companies have returned 85% of earnings to shareholders, leaving only 15% to invest in their businesses — hardly a strategy for long-term growth. We are eating our seed corn brought to you by the Fed.
Geopolitical hotspots everywhere
On the geopolitical front, hotspots are everywhere — the Middle East, the South China Sea, North Korea, Russia and the Ukraine — as are threats such as global terrorism and immigration. A contributing factor is America’s withdrawal from the world stage.
We are the sole superpower and have benefited from that historically.
As we have abdicated leadership and shown our ambivalence to lead, a vacuum is created — but not for long, as others seek opportunity in their own interests. Event risk can come from
so many different directions and in so many combinations.
Bottom line: I think we will be living in a world of low interest rates
and relatively low inflation with a major potential for disruption and volatility for the next few years. In a word, uncertainty.
Which brings me to the U.S. election season, which everyone around the world is watching. Everyone wants
to vote in the U.S. election; everyone has an opinion about our election season. But that’s what happens when you’re a leader and in the spotlight. There is deep unease in our country as evidenced by our slate of candidates and voter sentiment. The disillusionment and anger among voters are palpable.
On the one hand, there is a craving for leadership to solve problems, to make us feel good and proud about ourselves and our country — in other words, to lead us. On the other hand, it has to do with the haves versus the have-nots in our society. Inequality is a profound issue and it is causing real tension.
It is a threat to democracy when citizens rightfully believe there is both economic inequality and inequality
  17

in opportunity, and that the system
is rigged to benefit a few. People are suffering, and as a society we are
just at the beginning of the dialogue
on this subject. It is hard to sustain
a quality of life on current middle income wages. People are vulnerable to populist rhetoric as they search for a cause and solution to their problems. They blame trade and immigration; they have no confidence in public or private institutions. When inequality isn’t solved by the market, it is solved politically where we hopefully have greater equality of representation. The causes are numerous and complex but the answer isn’t wealth redistribution. It’s wealth creation and greater opportunity for all to participate. The private sector, not government, creates economic wealth.
Trade and TPP
I want to say a few words on the subject of trade. If you look at the world today, Asia is the region with the greatest 21st century wealth creation potential. America is a Pacific nation, and American companies must be
free to participate. America’s future prosperity, including our ability to create good jobs and compete globally, depends on our active participation
in trade and investment in Asia Pacific and around the world. Countries in the region want and expect U.S. leadership and engagement. In fact, over the
last 60 years, Asia’s progress is in no small part due to the stability and security provided by the U.S. presence in the region.
One major trade agreement now facing legislative action is the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), an economically and geopolitically important 12-nation agreement that would, among other
benefits, expand opportunities for
U.S. companies in the fast-growing economies of Asia Pacific. Our country enjoys the benefits of global leadership and we have a responsibility to lead the world, including Asia, in a modern vision of fair and open trade and investment that TPP represents. By addressing barriers to doing business such as investment restrictions, regulatory discrimination and local ownership requirements, TPP will help level the playing field and create new opportunities for American manufacturers, service providers, the agricultural industry and companies like Chubb. Failure to do so will create a dangerous vacuum that others with competing visions will fill.
Beyond that, government and business must work together to do more to advance our leadership. It’s not enough just to make agreements. We must work with our allies to promote stability and prosperity in the Asia Pacific region, including its security, infrastructure and institutions to administer the rule of law. We must lead and our allies must believe we are dependable
and committed.
The Chubb name and brand — excellence, quality, service, craftsmanship
Chubb is a unique name. Backed by 130 years of heritage, particularly in the North American market where it has excellent recognition with agents, brokers and high net worth customers, the Chubb name stands for excellence, quality and service — attributes that
we value strongly. However, we are a new company and that called for a new identity, created from the shared DNA of the two companies. ACE’s brand was about its can-do attitude, its discipline, energy, drive, professionalism and optimism, and its global nature and entrepreneurial spirit. The legacy
Chubb brand was about its deep customer thinking, its quality work, and unparalleled knowledge of and dedication to both its customers and the independent agency system.
When we looked to see what we had
in common — our shared values and purpose — and when we looked closely at our cultures, we found three core truths about the new Chubb:
1. We are both underwriting companies. At our core, we are underwriters
— it all starts there;
2. We both believe in providing excellent service; and
3. We are both disciplined in how we manage and execute with excellence.
Together, these three truths — superior underwriting, superior service and superior execution — are our North Star. And together what they say to us is: superior craftsmanship.
All of us in the new Chubb are craftsmen of what we do — underwriting, claims, actuarial, finance, legal, marketing, sales and
so on. As craftsmen of insurance, we meticulously conceive, craft and deliver extraordinary coverage and service for our customers and their agents and brokers. As craftsmen, we adhere to certain ideals:
- Excellence in All We Do — we hold ourselves to exacting standards of technical proficiency and constant improvement — we are a learning organization. We are constantly searching for ways to improve
our craft.
- Global Reach and Local Expertise — we apply our craft locally all around the world.
  18

- A Can-Do Attitude — we are optimistic about our future and we have an enthusiasm to serve our customers and business partners with utmost speed and energy.
- Humility — we are no bigger than our smallest customer.
Craftsmanship is also about people.
It’s personal. The finest craftspeople demand excellence of themselves
and they often sign their products. At Chubb, we should all be proud to sign our name to whatever work we do. And that is why at the end of every Chubb piece of work, it will be signed “Chubb. Insured.” This is our signature, our mark of craftsmanship.
We’re excited by our new Chubb brand and the unique concept of craftsmanship, as well as our colorful new visual identity that’s vibrant and full of life. We look forward to building greater awareness and familiarity
of the Chubb name and brand with current and prospective customers and business partners in all of the places where we do business around the globe.
The next chapter
It’s been an extraordinary year.
The name ACE is now in the history books — it’s in the rearview mirror. I have many people to thank beginning with all of my legacy ACE colleagues including our employees, my senior management team and Board of Directors, without whom our successful financial performance and strategic achievements last year would not
have been possible. I also want to express my gratitude to the leaders
and employees of both the legacy
ACE and Chubb organizations for
their remarkable efforts in what was a demanding race to the finish to create comprehensive integration plans,
close the transaction and, more importantly, begin the hard work of bringing our companies together.
I would like to acknowledge the contributions of Peter Menikoff, one of our founding directors who is retiring from the Board this year after 30 years of service. It has been a pleasure and an honor to work with Peter. Lastly, I also want to welcome to the Board our newest members who have joined from legacy Chubb Corporation’s Board.
We are ready and eager to begin the next chapter of our story as the new Chubb. We are optimistic about our future but not Pollyannaish about the realities of the operating environment, the will of our competitors or the challenges of integrating two large, successful companies. Concerning
the latter, I am encouraged by what
I have seen so far. The energy level
and morale of our leaders are high
and there is a strong sense of focus
in the organization on the day-to-day blocking and tackling needed to pursue opportunity, secure new customers, renew and serve the customers we have, introduce new products and expand our distribution. Collectively, our 31,000 employees are knitting
us together with a common culture and vision.
I’m energized by that culture and inspired by that vision. On behalf of the entire new Chubb family, I can say that we are all excited by the value creation potential of this company and more confident than ever in our future.
Sincerely,
Evan G. Greenberg
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
“Together, these three truths
— superior underwriting, superior service and superior execution — are our North Star.”
  19
