 2
To My Fellow Shareholders
ACE performed exceptionally well in 2009, recording almost $2.8 billion in after-tax operat- ing income, an all-time high for our company. Our operating results, a 6% increase over 2008, were an excellent outcome in one of the most difficult business environments in several generations. During the year we grew our balance sheet to record size and strength and took advantage of market dislocation in our industry by further enhancing our capabilities and acquiring many new customers for our products. These accomplishments – the result of focusing on the business we know, excellence in execution and a conservative approach to un- derwriting, investing and risk management – further distinguished ACE as a company built to do well in both good times and bad. Without a doubt, we ended the year stronger and better positioned than when the year began, emerging among the strongest global insurance companies in the world.
At the beginning of 2009, individuals and businesses alike faced a deep and worsening global recession, rising unemployment and financial market instability. The property and casualty insurance industry, while generally in better shape than its financial services peers, especially banks, was under stress due to a capital position weakened by unprecedented investment losses and natural catastrophes. As a result, insurance prices, which on balance had become marginal, were beginning to rise. But by the third quarter, financial markets had recovered in stunning fashion, industry capital returned to comfortable levels, and what was a promising outlook for prices reverted to a softening trend. The capital markets’ recovery positively impacted book values across the insurance industry as previously unrealized marked-to-market losses reversed themselves and investment marks turned positive. For ACE, the markets’ recovery combined with our strong operating results produced extraordinary book value growth of 36% for the year, while tangible book value grew at an even greater rate, 47%. This standout performance not only erased last year’s book value losses but set new records for the company, furthering ACE’s stated long-term shareholder value objective of building book value. For the last five years, we have grown book value and tangible book value at compound annual rates of 15% and 17%, respectively.
ACE is predominantly a global commercial property and casualty insurance company with
a strong emphasis on specialty products. We write many of the risks others shy away from. We are also a major writer of personal accident and supplemental health insurance
products globally, and we have young but growing life and personal lines insurance businesses. One-half of our business is in the United States with the balance conducted locally in more than 50 countries around the world. All of our insurance and reinsurance businesses have a common approach to risk-taking, which is the essence of what we do. Whenever we consider a risk, our objectives are to understand it, structure it in a satisfactory way for both the client and ourselves, and get paid adequately to take it. If these conditions cannot be met, we walk away from that risk and move on to the next. We are an underwriting company – it’s embedded in our ethos. In 2009, we produced $1.6 billion in underwriting income while
our P&C combined ratio, which measures our underwriting profit margin on each dollar of premium we collect from our customers, was 88.3%. This is simply an excellent result that ex- tends our track record of producing a cumulative underwriting profit since we were founded 25 years ago. Few insurance companies can match that performance.
Our other primary source of operating income is from investing our reserves and capital. Here on the asset side of the balance sheet, we also follow a conservative strategy because
  
 we recognize the substantial risk and inherent exposure-related leverage we assume on the liability side of our business. We are principally a fixed-income investor, and our portfolio has an average credit rating of AA, with one-half invested in AAA securities of a straightforward nature. We have never had an appetite for synthetic, non-transparent investments. A low in- terest rate environment pressured investment yields during the year, but a modest reposition- ing of our investment portfolio and positive cash flow from operations largely offset
the effect of lower rates, producing $2 billion in net investment income. Compared to the realized and unrealized losses we experienced in 2008 that resulted from indiscriminate price declines across almost all asset classes, our investment portfolio last year captured real- ized and unrealized gains of $2.5 billion after tax. Invested assets, which grew during the year from both price appreciation and strong positive cash flow from our operations, increased by $6.6 billion and now stand at $47 billion.
Balance sheet strength and capital
While the industry’s balance sheet went from a stressed position at the beginning of the year, having lost in excess of $100 billion in capital in 2008, to a comfortable one by the end of the year, ACE’s balance sheet also grew stronger, with total capital increasing 29% to $23.3 billion
at December 31. Capital is a measure of a com- pany’s wherewithal to take risk, capital preserva- tion is a paramount goal of risk management, and the return on that capital speaks to its efficient use. ACE’s operating return on equity for 2009 was 16.2% and our average operating ROE for the last five years is 15.7%.
Some shareholders believe at a given moment in time that the best way to increase earnings per share and book value per share is by buying back stock. We recognize the validity of that
option, but it’s not applicable to all companies at all times. While it might be the right strat- egy for some companies sometimes, it’s not for this company at this time. We believe that the more strategic way to increase EPS and book value per share is by growing the company, not shrinking it, which essentially is what share buybacks do. ACE is a well-diversified, global company, and it’s a big world out there with plenty of opportunity to grow our company over time – both organically and through acquisitions – even if one cannot see the opportunity at the moment.
On the other side of the coin, we believe it is prudent to also hold capital for risk – we are, after all, in the risk business. For example, where would we be today if we had encountered a major risk event and needed to raise capital during the market upheaval of last year? Just-in- time capital management sounds great in concept but it ignores reality. For both good times and bad, therefore, we have a long-term, patient view in managing our capital, yet we are always mindful of our responsibility to be good stewards of our shareholders’ money. If we
3
 “Without a doubt, we ended the year stronger and better positioned than when the year began, emerging among the strongest global insurance companies
in the world.”
  
 4
build up what we consider to be surplus capital that cannot be put to work productively over a reasonable period, we will consider employing tactical strategies to return that capital to our shareholders, including buybacks.
Market conditions and insurance prices
I said earlier that at the beginning of the year we thought the market had entered the early stages of firming prices due to prevailing conditions. The industry balance sheet had weak- ened substantially due to extreme financial asset deflation and faced signs of further stress. But the rapid recovery of the financial markets in the second and third quarters due to the tremendous liquidity that governments pumped into the financial system, government sup- port of weakened insurers, and lack of substantial catastrophe losses all combined to reflate asset values, and by mid-summer insurance prices flattened out and began to once again soften.
To earn a reasonable risk-adjusted return, insurance prices needed to rise then and, frankly, they still do today. From an underwriting risk-reward perspective, prices are inadequate in many classes and industry profitability is under pressure. On a
published basis, the industry’s ROEs are in the mid-single digits. In
fact, there is a distinct possibility that the published industry num- bers and results will prove worse, and that the reserves established for the business earned in 2008 and 2009 will be deficient. This is the lagging nature and inherent risk of a business where the true price of your goods sold is not fully known until years later.
However, given the current reasonable health of the industry’s
balance sheet – and insurance industry cycles, at least until now,
have turned on the balance sheet and cash flow – we are planning
for soft market conditions for the foreseeable future. We are now
at that point of the underwriting cycle where some companies
are growing at the expense of an underwriting profit. They may
appear strong and thriving, but time will reveal what happens
when underwriting discipline is traded for market share – they
will ultimately pay a bitter price in terms of future reserve charges.
Our management team has been through soft markets before and
we have seen firsthand what happens when companies espouse
underwriting discipline but in reality are not willing to make the needed sacrifices in terms of market share and volume. It’s so easy at the transaction level to write the business – what’s five more points on this risk or broader terms and conditions on that one? But it all adds up. We are witnessing which companies are willing to make the hard choices, and which ones are not. At ACE, we will not knowingly forfeit future profitability for short-term benefit. We have demonstrated this in the past and have doubled our resolve to remain vigilant in terms of underwriting discipline. There simply is not a lot of room for error, and we as management have made it clear we would rather write less business than kid ourselves about price or
 Evan G. Greenberg
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
        
  reserve adequacy. We strive to always be consistent in our approach to the market and in our underwriting standards. We accept that we might get less payback for our efforts in a soft market, but that does not change who we are or how we conduct our business.
Soft market conditions notwithstanding, our diversified global presence and broad product capabilities with an emphasis on specialty lines continued to afford us many opportunities dur- ing the year to find and write profitable business, and they still do today. In fact, the market- place, distancing itself from damaged companies and attracted to a company with the size and skills of ACE, presented us with far more business opportunities during 2009 than we chose to write given our underwriting discipline.
Premium growth challenged by recession
Total company net written premiums for the year were $13.3 billion, up 2% compared with 2008. Our premium growth in 2009 was impacted by the competitive insurance market con- ditions just described, global recession and a strong U.S. dollar.
While the recession may have technically ended in the third quarter, economic activity remained sluggish in the U.S. and Europe for the balance of the year, although it turned more robust in Asia and Latin America. In 2009, with global business activity generally suppressed, the insurance industry experienced recession-related declines in exposure, which translated into less revenue – fewer workers, fewer trips taken, less product manufactured, sold and shipped, etc. In addition, many commercial P&C clients had less ability to pay premiums and sought more affordable alternatives such as higher deductibles or reduced limits.
For the year, we estimate recession had at least a three-to-five-point impact on our premium revenue growth for our business globally. Despite massive government stimulus programs, the western economies of North America and Europe are still fragile and we anticipate business activity and employment will recover slowly. Also, because our industry lags in its recognition of exposure reductions, we will likely continue to experience the revenue impact of exposure reductions through the first half of 2010.
On the other hand, we experienced good growth from our increased geographic and prod- uct presence, attracted continued flight to quality and safety from weakened companies to
a company of our profile, especially in lines of business or risk layers where more than price mattered, and took advantage of market opportunity for certain distressed classes of busi- ness where underwriting conditions had turned favorable. We also had the strength and the vision to continue investing in our global capabilities, filling gaps created by the stress of the industry’s market dislocation and the weakness of others. Where we saw opportunity, we expanded rapidly to take advantage of it, and by the end of the year we had added more than 120 specialty underwriters globally, focusing in particular on middle market and large account clients in the U.S., Europe and Latin America. We also expanded our ability to service multinational clients locally in countries around the world. Our North American P&C insurance business, for example, significantly improved its presence in D&O, E&O, excess casualty, energy casualty, construction, environmental risk and high net worth personal lines. Internationally, our retail P&C insurance business expanded its capabilities in professional lines, general casualty, multinational underwriting and specialty personal lines.
5
 
 6
From the Mideast to the Midwest, from the East Coast to East Asia, from professional lines to personal lines, our company gained ground in 2009 in its ability to better underwrite, service and market to our existing and prospective customers. In 2010, we plan to continue our building efforts, adding product and service capability, opening new offices and enhancing our distribution.
For the year, retail net insurance premiums in North America increased 3% while overseas they were down 1% (although up 5% on a constant-dollar basis) – still a good performance all things considered. Due to competition, wholesale net premiums for our excess and surplus lines businesses in the U.S. and London shrank 9%. After several years of shrinking due to market conditions, our global reinsurance business, ACE Tempest Re, performed very well, with premiums up 14% over the prior year.
Global A&H: Consumers crimped their spending
Our global accident and health insurance business, an important and significant franchise for our company, continued to benefit from the underlying long-term trends of a growing middle class in Latin America and Asia, where we have presence and capability. This business, however, was impacted last year by the global economic downturn as companies around the world reduced their employee populations and cut back on expenses like group travel accident programs. In addition, consumers crimped their spending and, for many, insurance became a dispensable item so they lapsed on payments or canceled their policies. Yet, even with these headwinds, our global A&H premiums were up 6% compared to 2008.
We used the time last year to better position this business for the future. We secured more distribution, particularly in retail travel; more customers, particularly in corporate; and more talent for our organization. We also tactically shifted our strategy to emphasize our corporate and travel segments without neglecting our direct response distribution, and we believe this will ultimately result in a better balanced portfolio.
In a recession, middle and lower income consumers suffer the most – and those are our A&H customers. But the impact is not permanent. Our A&H business is solid and a good performer, all things considered, and it will recover to higher growth as the effects of recession diminish.
We have a number of other, newer businesses that are coming along nicely such as our inter- national life insurance business, which is focused predominantly on emerging markets in Asia, Latin America and the Middle East. One of our largest life operations is in China, where we have a unique joint venture in Huatai Life. We also have growing operations in Vietnam, Thailand, Brazil and Mexico, to name just a few countries, while our newest location in Indonesia opened last year. Life insurance is a long-term business requiring patience, and
we are on track. We expect this business, which now has more than 30,000 exclusive life agents and produced more than $1 billion in premium and deposits, will begin positively contributing to earnings in 2012.
We are also building personal lines property and casualty businesses in both the U.S. and international markets. In the U.S., ACE Private Risk Services provides insurance coverage
to affluent and high net worth customers for their high-value homes, autos, boats and valuables as well as personal umbrella liability protection. This business is doing well and we
  
 are rapidly establishing a strong reputation in the marketplace. In Europe, Latin America and Asia, we are offering a variety of personal lines products – from auto and home insurance for consumers to innovative plans that cover personal property such as cell phones. Our personal lines businesses are now producing more than $800 million in premiums globally, growing rather quickly and earning an underwriting profit according to plan, and we are encouraged by their development.
While the economy played havoc on global business conditions, the fact that ACE experienced reasonable growth in many areas of the organization while other parts were flat or down once again highlights the truly global nature of our company and the diversification benefits derived from broad geographic and product reach. Today, approximately 30% of our premiums and 20% of our earnings come from our A&H, life and personal lines businesses.
Our local presence globally differentiates us competitively and enables us to offer cross- border product and servicing capabilities that few companies anywhere in the world can match. We are capitalizing on the ground
in places of opportunity as diverse as Brazil, Mexico, Korea, Thailand, Russia, Saudi Arabia and the UAE. As I have said before, it’s a big world and our broad, global operations enable us to identify profitable growth opportunities when certain areas of the world are experiencing
more challenging business conditions. Taking together both our product and geographic capabilities, ACE is a mile wide and an inch deep – meaning there is so much more for us to build and considerably more market share for us to win everywhere we operate. To do it right takes time, patience and a long-term vision. In a cyclical business such as ours, you have to pick your moments for growth.
The political and regulatory challenges ahead
There are a number of political and regulatory challenges of significance facing our industry today.
The magnitude of the global financial and economic crisis and the government bailout and stimulus programs that followed sowed the seeds for today’s anti-financial services/anti-busi- ness populism. The images of perceived greed and arrogance on the part of a few financial institutions have not helped matters. Lost by many in the hostility is a clear understanding
of the problems that converged to create what essentially was a banking-led financial crisis. These include government’s failure to enforce current regulation; excessive leverage and concentration of risk on bank and investment bank balance sheets; too little capital to support certain risk-taking activities; poor risk selection driven by private sector and government objec- tives (e.g., housing for all); a failure of the risk-taker to retain a portion of the risk; a lack of appreciation for liquidity risk; and pro-cyclical accounting as embodied in one-size-fits-all fair value rules. In my judgment, any regulatory changes should first recognize these root causes in the financial industry, particularly banking.
7
 “Our diversified global presence and broad product capabilities continued to afford us many opportunities during the year to find and write profitable business, and they still do today.”
  
 8
Closer to home, however, is the danger that the insurance industry will be swept up in a wave of regulatory reform that does not distinguish between financial services sectors. The basic business of our industry has always been anchored to the real economy. We assume risk
from individuals and businesses and pool capital for long-term investment that supports fundamental economic growth and prosperity. From a solvency perspective, our industry
has also been relatively well-regulated. Many of the reform ideas being advocated for banks concerning capital and leverage, segregated capital and retaining a portion of the risk, to name a few, are well-established practice in the insurance industry.
Unfortunately, much of the current dialogue in Washington and European capitals is driven substantially by senior financial services regulators who are bankers by background and at times do not seem to recognize the differences between our industries. For example, in the U.S., legislators and federal regulators are advocating a federal role for solvency oversight and future bailout costs for P&C insurers on top of our existing state system – a bad idea that would duplicate cost and add redundant bureaucracy. Let us not confuse the important differences between P&C insurers and banks. We are not systemic: 1) we don’t pose significant financial market counterparty risk or provide direct credit to consumers or businesses; 2) we cannot be highly leveraged due to strict statutory capital requirements; 3) we do not face the same liquidity threats as banks – a run on the bank – because our liabilities are contractual and depend on an insured loss occurring. In my judgment, this is true for life insurers, too, because their contracts are intended more for long-term savings than funds for day-to-day living, and any liquidity crisis would likely result in an orderly unwinding rather than a short-term run on the bank; and 4) even when an insurance company enters receivership, there is a system in place that provides for its orderly disposition – a system that has been tested and works.
That’s not to say the U.S. P&C industry – a national and global industry regulated on a state- by-state basis – would not benefit from a proper federal role. The industry certainly would benefit if the federal role provided for uniformity of regulation and represented the industry in the international community, which is why we are supportive of efforts such as the Office of National Insurance. Until recently, we have also supported the adoption of global regulatory standards and reciprocity among regulators to streamline oversight, as represented by the Solvency II directive, because these proposals promised substantial efficiencies for regulators and insurers alike while increasing regulatory rigor. This E.U. framework, however, has taken an alarming turn in reaction to the banking crisis and is now focused on excessive regula- tory requirements, particularly concerning the amount and flexibility of required capital, and a huge amount of overly detailed information reporting standards, while at the same time deferring until some vague point in the future the originally contemplated efficiencies. Solvency II now appears more reactive than thoughtful, more academic than practical, and is creating chaos. If implemented as currently conceived, Solvency II will substantially and needlessly increase costs to insurers and society.
Enterprise risk management
ACE is in the business of taking the risk of others, and we can only do so effectively to the extent of our balance sheet. So, the other side of the coin for an insurance company is managing its own risk. Enterprise risk management at ACE is first and foremost about
  
  reserve adequacy and capital – its preservation, flexibility and liquidity. We explained last year that ERM at ACE is not a bureaucratic process that management delegates to others. Rather, all levels of management, starting with me, are actively engaged with ERM, which is designed to support the substance of our basic business of taking risk – understanding concentrations and types of risks, the interactions between those and the amount of and return on required capital.
In 2009, ERM loomed large once again for our company and our industry as the financial markets’ instability in the first half of the year proved to be a major test. In fact, we were given a pretty good look at how our ERM systems performed and how our balance sheet behaved during the financial crisis, and we were gratified with the results. Nonetheless, there are lessons to be learned. We have been making major investments in our ERM capability the last few years, including enhancements to our credit and counterparty risk policies and practices as well as operational risk management priorities. In 2009, we also formed a risk committee of the board of directors to enhance the governance process over risk and
ensure ERM is a consistent management priority across our organization. We expect ERM will continue to be an even greater area of focus in the coming years given the evolving regulatory environment.
Eagerness, professionalism, focus and drive
The year 2009 was difficult, but as I said at the beginning of this letter, I believe we emerged stronger both operationally and financially and are well positioned for the challenges ahead. We put our face into the wind last year and continued to invest in our company, with advances on all fronts. This success can be attributed to our outstanding employees and management team. As I travel around the world, I see the eagerness, professionalism, focus and drive they all have in common – these are the characteristics of an ACE employee and I believe ours are the best in the business. We also have an active and engaged board of directors for whose counsel I am especially thankful, and this includes Dermot Smurfit, who announced he is not standing for reelection to the board. We are all grateful to Dermot for his wit and wisdom during more than 12 years of service with ACE.
It is now 2010 and our company will celebrate its 25th birthday this year. We have the opti- mism and energy of youth while acquiring the maturity of age. While others see threats from today’s evolving megatrends – globalization, consumerism, climate change, aging – we see opportunity because of who we are and what we have accomplished to date. We are anxious to continue building this great company and are confident that our best days lie ahead.
Sincerely,
Evan G. Greenberg
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
9
  