Dear Shareholders:
Unquestionably, 2009 was one of the most challenging years in our Company's 176-year history. Despite what seemed at times like an economic free fall, we moved quickly and with a steady hand to overcome these historic headwinds. I am extremely proud of our 28,000 employees who met the challenges of this severe economic contraction and who continue to position our Company for great success in the years ahead. In 2009 your leadership team redefined what this Company is capable of delivering:  With sales down 22%, earnings per share fell by only 30% (excluding unusual items)  Free cash flow was $633 million or 12% of sales--for each of the past nine years, free cash flow has exceeded recurring income  Total working capital was down 23% with inventory down 25%  Exited 2009 with only $553 million of net debt (paid down $275 million of debt in November and ended the year with $382 million of cash on hand)  Invested $127 million of capital...including new factories in Saudi Arabia and China and a new LED development center in Peachtree City, Georgia  Completed three strategic acquisitions  Protected the dividend in 2009 and increased it 8% to $1.08 per share in February 2010  Repurchased 1.6 million shares at an average cost of $24.75 per share  Entered 2010 with no carryover cost pressure related to one-time cost reductions in 2009 (e.g., furloughs, 401k contributions)  Exited 2009 with our highest vitality index (the percent of sales from new products introduced in the last three years) in over a decade And we did it all the right way...through hard work, ethical leadership, a relentless focus on the customer and dedication to the long-term success of Cooper. Our success is reflected in the 10.8% compound annual return in our stock price (including dividends) over the last ten years, compared to our peers' average return of 5.9%, and the S&P 500 return of down 0.9%. We begin the next decade extremely well positioned to take on the challenges of a more volatile, competitive, global economy. 

One
Cooper Industries plc 2009 Annual Repor t

Sales by End Market
(% of revenues)

Sales by Region
(% of revenues) Asia Pacific Latin America 6% 8%

Residential 10%

Utility

22% 5% 24%

Industrial

39%

Europe, Middle East and Africa

18% 7%

61%
U.S.

Other

Canada

Commercial

High Growth Portfolio: Our portfolio is diverse and global. Electrical core revenues grew over 7% per year on average from 2004 to 2008. With acquisitions, more new products, and deeper global penetration we should sustain years of strong core growth as we look out into 2010 and beyond. Moreover, we should experience sustainable growth as our product portfolio sells into diversified end markets returning to strength at different stages of the economic recovery cycle--industrial and housing markets are already recovering, utility spending should rebound in the second half of 2010, and commercial construction spending is likely to improve by 2011. We will continue to enhance our global competitive position by investing in new factories, expanding distribution, and growing sales teams in the local markets in which we participate and new markets we  enter. We will accelerate new investments in markets where there is expected to be strong industrial and energy demand, including South America, Asia and the Middle East. We also continue to invest in emerging technologies that make our products more productive and costefficient for our customers. Smart grid, LED lighting, wireless mass notification, harsh- and heavy-duty connectors, and solid state electrical protection are just a few of these new platforms. Our portfolio generates strong cash flow which we redeploy to these faster-growing regions of the world and emerging technologies. We accomplish this through both core investments and acquisitions. Enhanced Competitive Position: Although resizing is painful, cycles allow good organizations to become more competitive. We continuously leverage our global supply chain and sourcing ability. Over the course of many years, we refined our productivity/lean program and proactively optimized our fixed cost structure. Most importantly, we invested $100 million and five years to implement a single enterprise system over our entire global operation. Clearly these investments and training have allowed our employees to operate in ways never achieved in previous downturns, let alone one of this magnitude. Our team did an outstanding job managing cost

Two
Cooper Industries plc 2009 Annual Repor t

ues)

Market

Sales by Region
(% of revenues) Asia Pacific Latin America 6% 8% OEM/Direct 18% 7% Canada

Sales by Channel
(% of revenues) Retail 8% 18%

Industrial

39%

Europe, Middle East and Africa

61%
U.S.

Distribution Utility 19%

55%

and working capital throughout 2009. Our ability to continue to invest in our long-term vision, maintain our employee benefit plans, and to continue to pay our dividend is a direct result of infrastructure and processes we have put in place, together with the dedication and hard work of our employees. Looking Forward: Although we remain cautious regarding the speed and slope of a U.S. economic recovery, we continue to be extremely optimistic about the future of our Company. We have the right portfolio of products and our end markets are diverse and global. Our products protect people, equipment and our planet, conserve and optimize electrical usage, and enhance global infrastructure in core industrial markets worldwide, all of which positions our Company for terrific growth opportunities. Our success stems from our ability to execute five key initiatives (customer loyalty, innovation, globalization, talent development and operational excellence) and from our unique culture and values. We accept accountability and understand our responsibility to invest in the future of this great Company and provide strong, sustainable, long-term returns to our shareholders. I want to thank our customers, employees, suppliers and directors for all of their support throughout this difficult year. Although there are enormous pressures on a 176-year-old industrial company today, we believe we will continue to reinvent ourselves, to grow stronger and to play an even more important role in the global electrical industry...after all...it's what two of our early pioneers (Thomas Edison and Max McGraw) would have expected!

Kirk S. Hachigian Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

Three
Cooper Industries plc 2009 Annual Repor t

