Dear Fellow Shareholders

During 2010 your management team successfully executed on the strategies I described in last year's letter to navigate our company with its proud 177-year-old history through one of the most difficult economies we have seen in our lifetimes. We exited 2010 as a better company, with more diverse and innovative product portfolios, a stronger and more flexible balance sheet, more expansive global scale, and better able to compete in this new volatile global economy. Highlights from 2010 include: · Core electrical sales were up 5% (accelerating nicely in the second half of the year, +8% Q3 and +14% Q4). · Earnings per share were up nearly 30% to $3.24, excluding loss on formation of Tools JV and restructuring, with free cash flow of $607 million or 13% of electrical sales. For ten consecutive years, free cash flow has exceeded recurring income. · We achieved significant new records for the Company, including record safety levels for our employees; record variable cost productivity; record sales from products introduced in the last 3 years (24%); and record percentage of company sales from markets outside of the United States (39%). · We completed the Apex Tools joint venture with Danaher Corporation, combining our respective tools businesses into a market leader with $1.4 billion in revenue and providing customers with a best-in-class product offering with a superior global footprint. · We completed five strategic acquisitions that expand our reach in key growth platforms. · We maintained our disciplined approach to our capital structure:

­ Repurchased 6.2 million shares at an average cost of $44.23; ­ Raised the dividend 8% in 2010 and another 7% in 2011; ­ Enhanced our financial flexibility by borrowing $500 million (5-year/10-year) at a blended rate of 3.1%; and ­ Ended the year with less than $400 million of net debt and over $1 billion of cash. Our shareholders have been rewarded for their support of our long-term strategy, with our three, five and ten-year compound annual returns (including dividends) of 6.2%, 12.4% and 12.7%, respectively. Global Market Trends We continue to invest in new product innovation, acquisitions, and an expanded global manufacturing footprint to align our growth initiatives with the most critical, fastest growing end markets and customer requirements. Cooper participates meaningfully in a variety of important and sustainable global trends: · Electricity demand/utility upgrade and automation; · Alternative, efficient energy technology; · Global infrastructure build-out; and · Safety and protection of people, equipment and facilities. Our end markets improved progressively over the course of 2010. Capital spending, factory utilization, and industrial output recovered in our industrial end markets (which account for approximately 34% of our sales) over the course of the year and we expect to see continued strength throughout 2011, particularly in the energy sector. Our utility business (which accounts for approximately 25% of our sales) started 2010 slowly, but finished the year strong as the global economies rebounded,

2 Cooper Industries plc

credit became more readily available, and maintenance and reliability spending accelerated. Our backlog was up 30% by the end of the year and we expect continued strength in 2011 as global electricity demand continues to gain momentum. Last, our construction-related end markets (which account for approximately 35% of our sales) remained depressed during 2010. Construction of office buildings, retail space, hotels, schools, and housing did not move significantly from near recession lows, but we were able to offset much of the weakness in this sector with products designed for new energy efficient retrofits and remodeling. Our investments in LED technology, new products and globalization helped us maintain nearly flat sales in 2010. Although we believe the construction recovery will continue to be slow in 2011, we are optimistic that we will begin to see meaningful growth in 2012. Looking Forward We are mindful that our continued prosperity depends upon our ability to satisfy the requirements of our global customers. The world continually becomes faster and more competitive and the business landscape more challenging. Uncertainty and volatility abound, with political instability affecting forward visibility in important markets and issues around global taxation,regulation,healthcare,andenergy/environmental policy continually complicating the playing field. Our strong competitive position today is the result of years of planned investments in critical economic and technological trends that drive our world. We don't plan on slowing down now. We have a highly ethical leadership team that is not afraid to make long-term investment decisions to improve the fundamental health and competitive position of our

company and who are not motivated by short-term financial returns. We are held accountable for our results and focus on delivering strong, sustainable, long-term shareholder returns. In summary, we believe the trends around globalization, electricity demand, energy efficiency, technology and safety; the rotating recovery of our end markets; and our tenacity around innovation and growth should provide ample support for a strong and sustainable revenue outlook for years to come. I want to thank our customers and employees for their dedication and support over these last few, extremely challenging years. I would also like to thank our directors, who encourage us and reward us for behaving ethically, setting the right tone, and investing in the long-term. Finally, I would like to acknowledge the particular contributions of Terry Klebe, retiring Vice Chairman and former Chief Financial Officer, and Jim Wilson, retiring Director. Both gentlemen have served this company with dedication, passion, and vision for over 15 years. Cooper is better for it. No doubt there will be more surprises in the years to come as our interdependent, global economy struggles to resolve the imbalances that have developed over the past decade. However, I am profoundly optimistic as I look toward the future, believing that our company has never been in a better position to be a meaningful player in the global electrical industry and thrive in the years ahead.

KirkS.Hachigian/PMH Chairman,PresidentandChiefExecutiveOfficer

2010 Annual Report 3

