CEO MESSAGE
Dear Shareholder: CBRE Group is the global leader in commercial real estate services and investment. This market position enabled us to achieve strong results for our shareholders in 2012:  Revenue rose 10% to a record $6.5 billion.  Normalized EBITDA increased 14% to $918 million.  Earnings per share, adjusted for selected items, improved 18% to $1.22.  Net income, after adjusting for selected items, rose 19% to $399.4 million. CBRE delivered this performance by focusing on our clients amid a cautious macro environment. The recovery has been characterized by slow growth and highly variable conditions in markets around the world; amid this uncertainty, CBRE's many strengths, including our well-balanced portfolio of services, global scale, and a deep culture of collaboration among our professionals, have positioned us to sustain growth. Property sales were a key growth driver in 2012, up 11% as activity spiked prior to year end in the Americas and, to a lesser degree, Europe. Our share of investment activity outpaced all competitors in the U.K. and the U.S. in 2012. Our preeminent position in these countries is particularly advantageous, as both are seen as relative safe havens, attracting global capital in a risk-averse world. Commercial mortgage brokerage posted its 12th consecutive quarter of strong double-digit revenue growth, as CBRE remains well-positioned to match investors with capital sources. Global leasing held steady from the previous year, despite soft market conditions, and we are cautiously optimistic about the prospects for 2013 as job growth recovers. In our outsourcing business, we signed 240 Global Corporate Services contracts, achieving Company records for new clients, renewals and expansions. All three global regions posted revenue increases, as we capitalized on the rising trend of firms hiring third-party specialists to manage their facilities and occupancy requirements. We continued to see benefits from the integration of the ING Real Estate Investment Management businesses, which has added higher-margin, fee-based revenue to our global investment management operations. Revenue from this business segment was nearly 80% higher than a year ago and assets under management totaled $92 billion at yearend. In 2012, CBRE made a number of investments to refine and augment our service lines and geographic footprint. We purchased our former affiliate offices in Turkey and Vietnam, and two highly regarded property services boutiques in the U.K. In 2013, we will focus on continuing the aggressive growth of our business both organically and through strategic, accretive in-fill M&A activity. CBRE is also making capital investments in technology and facilities designed to help us better serve our clients, be more efficient, foster greater collaboration, achieve operational excellence and fully capitalize on our deep storehouse of talent, information and insight. Our platform gives our professionals the ability to perform at a market-leading level. Their consistent collaboration on behalf of clients continues to be a key engine of our company's growth, and is at the core of CBRE's success. We remain focused on continuing to improve in this area. As you know, Brett White stepped down as CEO in November 2012 and from our Board earlier this year. We thank Brett for nearly three decades of service to CBRE, including the last seven as CEO, and for helping us to become the market leader in our sector. We also welcomed a new Board member in December: Brandon Boze, a partner with ValueAct Capital. We look forward to Brandon's contributions to our continued success. As we enter the fourth year of global recovery, we are encouraged by positive underlying economic trends and look forward to further enhancing our competitive position and extending our track record of long-term, profitable and sustainable growth. We thank our loyal clients and shareholders for joining us in this endeavor. Regards,

Robert E. Sulentic President and Chief Executive Officer CBRE Group, Inc.

