CEO MESSAGE
Dear Shareholders: 2014 was a banner year for CBRE. The hard work we've done to grow our client base, improve and expand our product offering, and invest in our people and operating platform paid off in a record year:  Global revenue reached a record $9.0 billion, rising 26% for the year.  Normalized EBITDA1 improved 14% and also set a new high at $1.2 billion.  Adjusted EPS1 rose 17% to $1.68. This strong growth resulted from our people working together to produce solutions for our clients, integrated across products and geographies, that are extremely hard for our competitors to match. This, in turn, led to the creation of significant value for our shareholders. In addition to record financial performance, we made many other strategic gains in 2014. These included:  materially improving our operating platform, notably technology, research and specialized consulting services, to enhance our service for clients.  achieving significant operating leverage in our regional services businesses (before contributions from Norland Managed Services, which we acquired in December 2013), while making these critical operating platform investments.  integrating Norland as well as 11 infill acquisitions that closed during the year, allowing us to bring more of the industry's highest-quality resources to our clients.  continuing our progress toward a more stable revenue stream. For the first time in 2014, we derived a majority of our revenue from contractual sources (51%) ­ up from 48% in 2013. Contractual revenue plus leasing ­ which is largely recurring ­ comprised 77% of total revenue for 2014.  taking advantage of the liquidity and low rates available in the debt markets to optimize long-term balance sheet strength and flexibility. Standard & Poor's raised CBRE's corporate credit rating to Investment Grade in late December. Last May, Ray Wirta, our former CEO and longtime Board member, became our new Chairman of the Board. Ray succeeded Richard ("Dick") Blum, who stepped down after a long tenure as Chairman, during which time the company grew dramatically and made many strategic gains. Dick remains a valued member of our Board, and we thank him for his many years of service to CBRE. Looking ahead, we believe CBRE is poised for continued strong growth in 2015. Market fundamentals continue to gradually improve. Our investments and operating improvements have materially strengthened our global business lines and positioned us for further market share gains. At the center of CBRE's strength ­ now and in the future ­ are our more than 52,000 professionals around the world. We thank them for their outstanding performance in 2014 and their ongoing commitment to excellence. We also thank our valued clients for allowing CBRE to serve them, and you, our shareholders, for supporting us as we execute our strategy. Sincerely, Bob Sulentic President & Chief Executive Officer CBRE Group, Inc.
1 We refer to "Normalized EBITDA" and "Adjusted EPS" from time to time in our public reporting as "EBITDA, as adjusted" and "diluted income per share attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. shareholders, as adjusted." As described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014, our Board and management use non-GAAP measures to evaluate our performance and manage our operations. However, non-GAAP measures should be viewed in addition to, and not as an alternative for, financial results prepared in accordance with GAAP.

For a reconciliation of (a) net income attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. computed in accordance with U.S. GAAP to EBITDA, as adjusted ("Normalized EBITDA"), and (b) net income attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. computed in accordance with U.S. GAAP to diluted income per share attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. shareholders, as adjusted ("Adjusted EPS"), see Annex A on the last page of this Annual Report.

