During 2008, commercial real estate, like most industries, confronted its most severe challenges in decades. In the face
of global economic and capital markets turmoil, most markets saw absorption decrease significantly,
vacancies rise, rent growth slow or contract and leasing activity decline. For investment properties, the seizure of the credit markets
caused sales volume to fall and asset values to deteriorate dramatically.
In this harsh environment, the value of CB Richard Ellis’ stock—like so many companies across the
U.S. and around the world—lost significant ground, with a decline of 80% for the year. However, CB
Richard Ellis was built to perform in all market conditions and particularly in challenging ones.
As a result, despite the adversity we faced, we maintained our
leadership in delivering the industry’s strongest and most comprehensive service offering to our clients, worldwide.
Overall, operational performance was encouraging in 2008, particularly considering the unprecedented turbulence in
the global economy. CB Richard Ellis reported full-year revenue of $5.1 billion. We achieved $601 million in normalized
EBITDA, the third-highest in our history. By a wide margin, we generated the largest normalized operating
profit of any company in our industry in each of the three major regions of the world, the Americas,
EMEA and Asia Pacific. Our normalized EBITDA margin of 11.7% was more than 300 basis points above the level achieved during the trough of the
last downturn in 2001–02. We benefited last year from our long-standing strategy of diversifying our service offering globally. While traditional brokerage services
were down, our fee-based outsourcing services for
corporate and institutional customers grew by 23%
and comprised a third of our total global revenue. Global Corporate Services signed 33 new
corporate outsourcing contracts and expanded
services with 32 existing clients. We believe
outsourcing services will be a strong growth driver
for us, particularly during down markets.
While relentlessly pursuing new business opportunities in 2008, we detected the downturn early in the cycle and
streamlined our cost structure aggressively. During 2008, we took actions to reduce fixed annualized expenses
by $385 million. This is in addition to the inherent reduction in variable compensation, such as commission expense, which is
directly associated with lower revenue. When added to the cost synergies previously realized following the integration
of Trammell Crow Company, we have taken actions to wring nearly a half-billion dollars of fixed, annualized operating
cost from our business in two years. Despite our best efforts on the expense front, absolute financial performance suffered
as a result of the distress in the
global economy and capital markets. The steep decline in our share price and lower market values generally caused
us to reduce balance sheet goodwill and other non-amortizable intangible assets by $1.2 billion, as required by GAAP
accounting rules. Central to our two-decade endeavor to build the world’s preeminent global services platform has
been a very active and successful program to acquire service businesses that were leaders in their geographic or
specialty market. However, in making these acquisitions, we recorded substantial goodwill, which made us susceptible
to a goodwill writedown in an environment where share prices declined sharply. This charge to goodwill was non-cash,
but negatively impacted GAAP bottom line performance.
We are keenly focused on managing our balance sheet as we navigate our way through this severe downturn. We
reduced recourse net debt by more than $300 million, or 14%, in the fourth quarter of 2008, following our equity
offering, and will continue to reduce debt levels as cash from operations allows. In late March 2009, we successfully
managed covenant compliance risk through negotiations with our lenders. The covenant amendment we obtained
increases our allowable leverage and interest coverage ratios, favorably changes the EBITDA calculation for covenant
purposes and materially broadens the range of options to improve our capital structure over time. We will actively utilize
this flexibility to manage our balance sheet. With a leading position in every business line and each major
region of the world, we are prepared to capitalize on economic recovery when it comes. In the meantime, we will continue to
capture market share as clients look to the industry leader for reassurance. In observing this dynamic, I cannot overstate the
resolve of our people around the world to provide superior service
to our clients, while overcoming the same harsh realities that all
businesspeople now share. Their morale and commitment has been extraordinary.
We recognize that 2008 was a punishing year for our shareholders,
and we thank you for your patience and support as we work
through this once-in-a-lifetime market challenge. CB Richard Ellis has built
an exceptional team of professionals and managers, who are all making sacrifices to assist our company.
Compensation levels have been reduced throughout the organization. Incentive compensation formulas for senior
management quite naturally yielded dramatically reduced bonuses in 2008, but there were still substantial bonuses
earned for achieving personal performance goals and strategic objectives. In acknowledgement of the difficult
outcome for our shareholders in 2008, senior management decided to completely forego all incentive compensation.
Going into 2009, management bonus targets have been reduced by half, and many employees have seen their base
salaries cut significantly. These are tough moves demanded by tough times. In an era when shareholders
and the general public often criticize compensation practices, I am proud that CB Richard
Ellis is among those who are leading by example. I am grateful to all of our employees around the world
for the sacrifices they have made and level of loyalty and teamwork they continue to demonstrate.
As we look to the remainder of 2009, we anticipate that capital markets will remain weak and leasing conditions will
stay soft for most of the year. But CB Richard Ellis is a firm whose people and core values are more
attractive than ever to the marketplace. I remain confident that in the coming months we will continue
to attract the world’s best
commercial real estate owners and occupiers to our platform, as well as the industry’s best talent. We will continue to
work proactively to position the company not only to survive through these extraordinary times, but to emerge from
them stronger and better positioned than ever before.
Sincerely,
Brett White
President and Chief Executive Officer