CB Richard Ellis delivered outstanding results in 2010,
which was one of the most profitable years in our history.
Through more than a century of operations, we have
successfully navigated a range of business cycles. In
the recent downturn, as with many before it, we seized
opportunities to lay the groundwork for future growth
and to further diversify our global portfolio of services.
We made the tough decisions required to position
our company to capitalize on the rebound, and emerged
a stronger enterprise. Among the highlights of our
2010 financial performance:
• Global revenues grew 23% to $5.1 billion.
• Diluted earnings per share, adjusted for selected items,
rose 92% to
$0.75.
• Net income, after adjusting for selected items, jumped
118% to $239.8 million.
• Normalized EBITDA increased 50% to $681.3 million.
• Normalized EBITDA margin widened to 13.3% from
10.9% in
2009.
These results were particularly gratifying because the
business environment was hardly robust in 2010, although
it did improve from the recessionary depths of 2009.
Despite the continued economic challenges, normalized
EBITDA was our second-highest ever and revenue
matched our second-best year. Beyond financial metrics
— always a key barometer of success
— CB Richard Ellis was recognized in 2010 by
several third parties for superior client service, operational
excellence and industry leadership. To name
a few:
•The Lipsey Company named the firm the premier global
brand in commercial real estate, based on a survey of
20,000 industry professionals, for the ninth 
straight year.
• Euromoney named CB Richard Ellis the top global real
estate advisory and consulting
firm for 2010, the fourth
time we have achieved this honor.
• The Financial Times ranked CB Richard Ellis the best
property investment advisor of
2010.
• We were identi fied as the premier provider of outsourcing
services in two in-depth research studies—one from the Black Book of Outsourcing and the other from consultants
Frost & Sullivan.
• Newsweek ranked CB Richard Ellis the #1 firm in both
commercial real estate and the broader financial services sector for environmental sustainability programs, and
#30 overall out of 500 major companies. A big driver for
our strong position was high reputational scores,
meaning more people across the business landscape
recognized our leadership in sustainability.
Our many accomplishments in 2010 reflect the benefits of our global leadership: 400+
offices (including affiliates) in
more than 60 countries and a well-balanced, integrated
suite of businesses that deliver world-class solutions to our
clients. With the commercial real estate cycle shifting
from tentative recovery toward expansion in the latter
stages of 2010, CB Richard Ellis was ideally positioned
to capitalize on rising transaction volumes and build market
share across the board.
In addition, we reinforced our balance sheet by refinancing
existing debt, extending maturities and greatly increasing
flexibility. CB Richard Ellis’ total net debt, excluding our
non-recourse real estate loans and mortgage brokerage
warehouse facility, declined to $943
million at the end of 2010— a reduction of 33%, or $461 million, from the end
of 2009. In the fourth quarter of 2010, CB Richard Ellis
retired all prior outstanding term loans using new term
loans A due in 2015 and term loans B due in 2016 totaling $650 million, $350
million of senior unsecured notes maturing in 2020 and approximately $475
million of cash. Our credit agreement also includes a new $700  million revolving credit facility and an $800
million accordion feature. Our balance sheet is clearly healthy and flexible
Normalized EBITDA margins expanded by 240 basis points
despite a decision late in the year to restore incentive
compensation expense that was eliminated during
the downturn. As for our business lines, global property leasing and sales
enjoyed a particularly strong year, rising 29% and 52%,
respectively, in 2010. The leasing business picked up more
quickly than anticipated, buoyed by our leading market
position in the world’s major business centers. For example,
during 2010, CB Richard Ellis arranged the two largest office
leases in New York City — a 450,000-sq.-ft. headquarters
for Société Générale and a 410,000-sq.-ft. headquarters for
Proskauer Rose L.L.P. Our velocity of U.S. lease transactions
rose 20% for the year.CB Richard Ellis also played an integral role in the largest
U.S. office sale of 2010, when we advised Google on its
$1.8 billion purchase of 111 Eighth Avenue in New York City.
Our U.S. market share totaled 14.8% of all investment
activity for full-year 2010, ranking the
firm in the top position
for the tenth consecutive year, according to Real Capital Analytics. In EMEA, where investment activity has been
rebounding since mid-2009, sales revenue growth remained
strong at 37% for the full year. CB Richard Ellis facilitated
several of the largest sales in Europe during 2010, including
advising Avestus Capital Partners in its $954 million
disposal of The Knightsbridge Estate, and the Royal Bank of Scotland in its $773 million sale of The Grosvenor House
Hotel, both in London. Overall, CB Richard Ellis remained
at the top of the central London investment league table for the seventh consecutive year.
CB Richard Ellis’ outsourcing businesses signed contracts
with a record 62 new clients in 2010 and renewed or expanded another 59, for a total of 121 
contracts, up 38% over 2009. These businesses are enjoying especially strong
growth in EMEA and Asia Pacific, where the outsourcing of
real estate services is a relatively new concept. Our global
portfolio of commercial property and corporate facilities
under management totaled approximately 2.
9 billion sq. ft. (including affiliates) at the end of the fourth quarter, a
17% increase for the full year. Outsourcing accounted
for 35 percent of global revenue, and we are optimistic
about continued growth in 2011.The company’s commercial mortgage brokerage and
appraisal and valuation businesses bene
fited from increased availability of credit and lenders’ eagerness
to dispose of underperforming assets. Total mortgage
brokerage activity rose 123% for the full year to
$14.5 billion, including $4.5 billion of loan sales— up from just $0.6 billion in 2009. The re-emergence of
both traditional and CMBS lending spurred higher
demand for valuations and appraisals. New valuation
business globally— as measured by the number of
assignments— increased 11% for the full year
Meanwhile, our Global Investment Management
subsidiary, CB Richard Ellis Investors, raised new capital
of approximately $4.8
billion and had more than $2 billion of capital to deploy at year-end. Total assets
under management rose 8% to $37.6 billion. Nearly two decades ago, our former CEO, Jim Didion,
declared an audacious goal: to become the preeminent,
globally capable, vertically integrated commercial real
estate services firm. Every strategic move this
firm has made since that time has focused on that aspiration.
In February 2011, we fulfilled this goal by entering into
definitive agreements to purchase ING Group N.V.’s direct real estate investment management businesses in
Europe and Asia and its U.S.-based global real estate listed
securities business. When the transactions close later
this year, the 700+ ING real estate professionals will join
our existing investment management business, adding
particular strength in core and core-plus funds to our
current focus on value-add and opportunistic strategies.
Following this acquisition, CB Richard Ellis will be number
one globally in every service we provide to our 
clients. Looking ahead, I have never been more excited about
our prospects. We appear to be in the early stages
of a cyclical recovery that is gaining momentum. Our
global leadership provides an unrivaled combination
of technology, research and market intelligence, arming
our people with superior resources to add value for our
clients. But our greatest asset is our 31,000
professionals, whose creative thinking and hard work over the last two
years have made CB
Richard Ellis a more efficient,
disciplined enterprise while sharpening our focus on our
clients. Every day in communities around the globe, they
bring to life our commitment to exceptional client service.
We look forward to using all the advantages of our market
position to test the limits of what is possible in 2011.
Sincerely,
Brett White
Chief Executive Officer
