LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

CB Richard Ellis--2004 Global Business Activity Highlights
 $127 .1 billion in total transaction value  41,600 sales and lease transactions  $13.3 billion in mortgage loan originations  989 million square feet of commercial property and corporate facilities under management*  $15.1 billion of investment assets under management
*Including affiliate and partner offices

For CB Richard Ellis, 2004 was a year of continued success. Our performance, by all measures, was exceptional:  Net income, adjusting for one-time items, of $117.9 million, or $1.65 per diluted share, on revenues of $2.4 billion.  Organic revenue growth of 21%.  EBITDA of $300.3 million, excluding $54.9 million of one-time expenses attributable to the Insignia acquisition and the IPO, an increase of 64% over 2003.  EBITDA margins, adjusting for one-time items, reached 12.7% for 2004, a healthy increase from 11.2% in 2003.  More than $150 million of mainly high-interest debt was retired, which will result in annual cash interest savings of approximately $16 million. Another $26 million of debt was repaid in early 2005, further strengthening our balance sheet. Key Milestones In June 2004, we successfully returned to the public equity markets and enjoyed a 77% appreciation in our stock price by year-end. Our performance well out-stripped the Dow (up 4%), S&P 500 (up 7%) and Russell 2000 (up 15%)--an index that we joined on September 30, 2004. In previous years, investors often misunderstood service companies like ours and compared us with REITs or other entities that own property. Today, we are increasingly viewed as a high-growth business services enterprise that is associated with other best-in-class service companies from across the economic landscape, and that continuously reaches for higher performance benchmarks. Another milestone was the successful integration of Insignia, which we acquired in July 2003. Following the acquisition, we gained the number one market position in two of the world's most important real estate markets--New York and London. In addition, Insignia augmented our talent pool in other key markets and allowed us to achieve annualized cost savings of over $40 million.

pages 10 & 11

Growth Drivers CB Richard Ellis has a formidable--and growing--influence on the global real estate marketplace. In the past two years, in terms of revenue, we have more than doubled in size, making us more than twice as large as our nearest competitor. We leased and sold more than $127 billion of property in 2004, and managed more than 989 million square feet of commercial property and corporate facilities (including affiliate and partner offices). We draw a distinct competitive advantage from our strong resources on the ground in key local markets, the breadth of our service offerings and the unmatched market intelligence we derive from executing more than 41,000 transactions a year around the globe. Forces propelling our growth include favorable, long-term trends, such as:  Increased outsourcing of real estate activities by corporations and other significant occupiers.  The desire of many organizations to consolidate their vendor lists to one or two best-in-class providers.  Real estate's increasing allure as a stable, long-term investment option and the corresponding increase in institutional ownership of commercial real estate. 2004 Performance In 2004, the flow of capital into real estate continued at a brisk pace due to historically low interest rates and increased capital allocations to real estate. Investment flows from offshore sources continued at a strong clip, fueled in part by the weak dollar and the attractive cash yields available. Internationally, investment markets were also robust. At the same time, the fundamentals supporting our leasing business-- job growth, business expansion and space absorption--began to show signs of improvement in the second half of 2004. Significantly, our leasing performance was solid even without the benefit of the rental rate growth expected in coming years. In addition, our other major businesses continued to perform well. Mortgage brokerage transaction activity topped $13 billion, a record level. In asset services, we scored multi-market assignments from AMB Property Corporation and Dividend Capital, among others. We won new or expanded corporate services accounts, including Alcan, Kodak, RBC Financial Group and General Motors, and importantly, are now providing multiple services to more than 60% of our corporate services clients. In the global investment management business, total assets under management rose to $15.1 billion. We also pioneered new investment vehicles to harvest profits, launching a $400 million residential J-REIT in Tokyo and a first-ofits-kind $257 million technology property REIT on the New York Stock Exchange. Corporate governance and ethics are a high priority for CB Richard Ellis. We are very pleased to report that our internal control over financial reporting has met the standards required under the

Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as our auditors have attested. We are particularly proud of this accomplishment since we have achieved compliance one full year in advance of the deadline that the regulatory agencies mandated for newly public companies. In addition, our focus on ethics, through communication, training, and application of Standards of Business Conduct, helps differentiate us as a company that clients can trust with their real estate needs. We remain keenly focused on the continued pursuit of best-in-class corporate governance and ethics. Outlook for 2005 As we look forward to 2005, the outlook is encouraging. Business momentum remains strong. Commercial properties continue to change hands at a rapid pace, and real estate has become a preferred asset class among institutional investors. We are optimistic that the emerging recovery in leasing markets will continue in 2005, and could lead to rental rate increases for the first time in more than three years. As the clear market leader, we are well positioned to capitalize on stronger industry trends and the fundamental improvements taking place within the real estate services sector. The CB Richard Ellis that exists today is the product of the energy, passion and hard work of a multitude of people in our offices across the globe. We have built a powerful brand, extensive platform and advanced intellectual capital base that other firms cannot easily replicate and that we believe gives us an unassailable leadership position across the global marketplace. As you know, Brett will be assuming CEO duties following the shareholders' meeting in June. The passing of the leadership reins is a natural transition in the evolution of the company--one that we have been planning for many years. We have worked side-by-side for six years now, and since Ray will remain involved as a member of the Board of Directors, the company will continue to benefit from his wisdom and experience as we execute our strategies in the months and years ahead. We wish to thank our employees for their contributions to our success, and our shareholders for showing confidence in our abilities. We are committed to continuing to strengthen our leadership position in the industry, and further enhancing shareholder value. Sincerely,

Ray Wirta
Chief Executive Officer

Brett White
President

