Cabot Corporation
  A MESSAGE TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
Making progress in a challenging year
Fiscal 2015 was a demanding and difficult year, in which we had to navigate in an uncertain market environment. Tough economic and financial headwinds with continued competitive intensity made this past year one of the most challenging that the industry and Cabot have faced for some time. We encountered a slowdown in the growth of emerging markets while developed markets continued to show modest improvement. In addition, we saw oil prices decline significantly and experienced weakening foreign currencies.
  2

     As we confronted these obstacles, I believe that we came out a stronger company because of the way that we responded. We demonstrated our commitment to our core values, and our outstanding global team met these challenges head on. Furthermore, we continue to strike a balance between the need to reduce costs and our ongoing work to innovate and position the company for long-term success.
Performance in 2015
Our businesses suffered from the deteriorating global economic environment, most notably
in our Reinforcement Materials and Specialty Fluids segments. With fiscal 2015 operating results approximately $100 million lower in Reinforcement Materials and $30 million lower in Specialty Fluids as compared to fiscal
2014, we took a significant step back in our financial performance. The drivers of this lower performance were largely external factors, such as lower oil prices resulting in decreased margins for Reinforcement Materials and reduced demand for Specialty Fluids; slowing demand in Asia
and South America; and less favorable foreign currency exchange rates.
This resulted in adjusted earnings per share (EPS) and adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) lower than the prior year. However, we generated strong cash flow from operations of $499 million. We used this cash to reinvest in our businesses to maintain our leadership positions and we returned cash to our shareholders through $56 million in dividends and $96 million in share repurchases.
Looking to fiscal 2016 and beyond, we have made company-wide changes to improve
our competitiveness and ensure we are more attuned to the needs and expectations of our customers. We are committed to showing significant improvement in the coming year
and are targeting an improvement of adjusted EPS of $0.75 versus fiscal 2015. As part of
this, improvement is expected to come from restructuring actions we are taking to reduce costs by approximately $50 million in fiscal 2016 as compared to fiscal 2015. Our key objective
is to create value for our shareholders, and in doing so, we remain focused on operational, technological and commercial actions to maintain and extend our global leadership positions.
Though the economic environment clearly affected our business, our underlying fundamentals remain intact. We are leaders
in all of the businesses we operate and we expect strong cash flows from operations to continue while maintaining a solid balance sheet. Although there is still much work to do and there will be further challenges ahead, it is important to highlight a few areas in which our continued progress and excellence can be seen.
 3
2015 ANNUAL REPORT

 Cabot Corporation
   65%+
of our facilities have achieved more than one year without experiencing a recordable injury
A responsible company
This year marked an important new chapter in our sustainability journey. Though we have made considerable progress toward our long-standing goals to reduce our energy and greenhouse gas intensity, we recognized that we could do more and have a broader impact.
As a result we introduced three new sustainability goals. These include a commitment to reduce
our air emission intensity of both nitrogen oxides (NOX) and sulfur dioxide (SO2) by 20% and 40%, respectively; decrease our waste disposal volumes by 15%; and maintain our total recordable injury
rate in the top 10% of chemical producers. We also became a signatory
for the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC),
and have pledged to uphold the UNGC’s 10 universally accepted principles in the areas of human rights, labor, environment and anti-corruption. These new sustainability goals and our commitment to the UNGC showcase our dedication
to continued safety, health and environmental progress and will enhance our sustainability performance.
  4

    We have also advanced our performance toward our safety goals. We have consistently demonstrated that zero incidents is possible through the performance of many of our facilities. Over 65%
of our facilities have achieved more than one year without experiencing a recordable injury and
we have reduced our injury severity rate by 50% since 2012. In addition, we have reduced the number of significant process safety events by one-third compared to last year.
These are outstanding accomplishments and I am proud of the strong culture that we have built and the safety and environmental strides we have made. However, I know that we can always do better and
I am confident that our continued investments and efforts will move us closer to zero incidents across all of our facilities globally.
50%
reduction in injury severity rate since 2012
  5
2015 ANNUAL REPORT
 
 Cabot Corporation
  “Together with Cabot we have built a dynamic
of innovation through a whole range of projects, some of which have been genuine breakthroughs in innovation for the benefit of our tires’ performance.”
— Terry Gettys, Michelin Executive Vice President of Research and Development
  Closer to the customer
our different customers’ needs that will allow us
to create more value and achieve top- and bottom- line improvements. This will further enable us to achieve greater profitability and a better competitive position.
Through new technologies and tools, our initiatives will help to increase revenues and profits by providing enhanced customer- focused capabilities. As
a result, we will be better positioned to respond
to shifting demand from mature and emerging economies, and meet changing customer expectations and needs across the value chain. Regardless of the environment, I believe it is important that we stay committed to investing in our people, skills
and customer-focused programs for the long-term.
 6
Nothing pleases us more than helping our customers succeed, and when it comes to serving them,
we always expect to be their first choice. In 2015, we received many awards and recognitions in a wide range of topics. Yet the awards we cherish the most are those granted to us by our customers. For example, we were honored to receive the Michelin
Supplier Award 2015 in the innovation category. I see this as a direct reflection of our strong technological capabilities and the ability of our products to drive value for our customers.
We remain focused on commercial aspects of our business to help us move closer to our customers. We constantly strive to attain
a deeper understanding of

  As always, we look
to capitalize on our greatest assets, our innovative employees
and our industry-leading technologies. In doing so, we are able to create value and provide solutions that address customer and environmental challenges and demands. In order
to expand, grow and
improve profitability, we are continuously seeking new opportunities and exciting innovations to add to our industry leading portfolio.
For example, actions have been taken by regulators and companies to reduce the concentration of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH)
in rubber and plastics products, such as sporting equipment, clothing, footwear, toys and childcare items. In response, we have introduced a new series of low PAH carbon blacks that not only help companies comply with these new regulations, but also meet stringent performance requirements for end-use products.
I truly believe that we
have the best team in the industry. We are a team that is passionate about helping our customers succeed
and we make every effort to understand their businesses and end-use applications. By understanding the dynamics of the value chain, we deliver innovative solutions to solve our customers’ challenges.
Technology
       7
2015 ANNUAL REPORT

     Cabot Corporation
                     Outlook for 2016
Looking ahead, there is no doubt that 2016 will bring its own mix of successes and challenges, but we know what we must do. We must continue to focus intensely on the things that we can control: providing our customers with the best products and services in the market, managing our costs, building our brand, and doing our
part to keep our people and our communities safe. If we do that, I believe that our true long-term value will be properly reflected.
On behalf of my colleagues on the Management Executive Committee, I would like to thank all of our employees for their commitment, hard work and dedication, as well as their willingness to embrace change. For those who were impacted by our cost reduction efforts, I want to thank you for your many contributions to Cabot and
I wish you well in your future endeavors.
I appreciate all of the great work that was done this year. It is because of this team, and their ability to do so much more for our
customers than anyone else, that I have such great confidence in our future. I also thank our customers, shareholders and other stakeholders for the trust and support they continue to
place in us. In 2016, we will drive execution across our business to make Cabot stronger, better and more successful — together.
Regards,
Patrick M. Prevost
President and Chief Executive Officer Cabot Corporation
                             8
 