 Letter to Our Shareholders
                             Norit, the world’s leading producer of activated carbon, joined Cabot’s team in July 2012.
“To put our year in historical perspective, we delivered almost three times the amount of adjusted earnings to shareholders compared to 2008. We made these gains with about the same level of revenue, which continues to demonstrate the earnings power of our global port- folio of leading businesses.” Patrick Prevost, President and CEO
Dear fellow shareholders,
Our performance in 2012 is an example of why Cabot is a leading global specialty chemicals and performance materials company.
In 2012, we delivered record earnings to you for the third consecutive year. We generated $3.32 adjusted earnings per share (EPS), which is a 37% improvement from 2011. We achieved this result despite difficult market conditions in the U.S. and Europe, and slowing growth in China. To put our year in historical perspective, we delivered almost three times the amount of adjusted earnings to shareholders compared to 2008. We made these gains with about the same level of revenue, which continues to demonstrate the earnings power of our global portfolio of leading businesses.
We delivered strong results while transforming our business at the same time. We made two signifi- cant portfolio moves in 2012. First, to improve the stability of our earnings, we divested our Super- metals Business in January. This move is expected to reduce the company’s earnings volatility over time and allows us to focus on our core strength of specialty chemicals. Second, we became the world’s No. 1 provider of activated carbon through the acquisition of Norit, which we completed in July. Given our expertise in carbon particle tech- nology and surface chemistry, activated carbon is a natural extension of our portfolio. This portfolio addition gives us access to new high-growth, high-margin markets, as the world will increas- ingly need activated carbon solutions for clean air, water, gas, food and beverage, pharmaceuticals, and other attractive end-use applications.
Looking back, I am proud of the entire Cabot team and the progress that we have made this past year. Let me briefly highlight some of our 2012 accomplishments.
At Cabot, we have a long-standing commitment to safety, health and the environment. Our No. 1 priority is the safety and well-being of our em- ployees, contractors, visitors, and neighbors in the communities where we operate. Earlier this year, we experienced two tragic fatalities. These events mobilized the entire Cabot organization to reinforce existing safety measures. As a result and
  
        In February 2012, Cabot launched its CAB-O-SIL® ULTRABONDTM 4740 product, which significantly increases efficiency and performance for windmill blades and wind turbine generators.
over the entire fiscal year, we achieved our best-ever performance in terms of recordable incidents, significant process safety events and environmental non-conformances. We improved by at least 35% year-over-year
in each of these metrics, continuing to operate at world-class levels. The dramatic improvement we showed confirms the strength of our values and our deep professionalism.
Our customers frequently tell me they choose Cabot because they know they can count on us to provide more than just great products. We have some of the best talent in the world, and our people are passionate about our businesses and solving challenges for our customers. In addition, we are a dependable and consis- tent provider of high-quality, innovative products. Our customers deeply value their partnership with Cabot.
Through innovation, we are continually advancing our business. We introduced 12 new products to the market last year. In 2012, we made important progress in the advanced battery additives market. We launched new lithium-ion and lead-acid battery performance additives, which we expect to generate revenue in 2013. We also introduced several performance adhesive additives for windmill, automotive and other related applica- tions. On the development front, we are advancing new carbon blacks for the tire industry, graphenes for industrial applications, and fumed silica as a carrier for pre-clinical testing of drugs. Finally, we are investing in process improvement projects that will help make our carbon black facilities more energy efficient. These proj- ects will help us reduce our carbon footprint and strengthen our cost position. Looking to 2013 and beyond, we are continuing to fill our development pipeline with projects that will allow our customers to capitalize on emerging global market trends and to maintain our technology leadership position.
             Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR)
.5 .4 .3 .2 .1
measures the number of total recordable injuries per 200,000 hours worked
Environmental
Non-Conformances a reportable spill or (ENCs) release, notice of
100
80
60
40
20
violation, public complaint, or certain permit deviations
’08 ’09 ’10 ’11 fiscal year
            00 ’08 ’09 ’10 ’11
fiscal year
’12
’12
3

 Letter to Our Shareholders
                           At Cabot’s Haverhill, U.S. inkjet colorants facility, product is sealed and ready to ship to one of the company’s global distributors.
“As a leader in the markets we serve, we continue to make investments to expand our global manufacturing footprint . . . With these expansions, we have increased our competitiveness and will be able to further partner with our customers to help them grow their businesses.” Patrick Prevost, President and CEO
In addition, our commercial excellence initiative has allowed us to better select and position our products to deliver maximum value. This initiative has been especially successful within Reinforce- ment Materials, allowing us to generate 24%
more earnings year-over-year. In Performance Materials, we have optimized our pricing glob-
ally for the entire segment, which has delivered strong results. In Advanced Technologies, we are working with a key customer to commercialize
our patented elastomer composite technology for tires. Further, the segment continues to experience strong growth in Inkjet Colorants, and our Spe- cialty Fluids Business had its best year ever, as it continues to expand its reach beyond the North Sea and win new customers. A strong focus on our markets and those of our customers is critical to our long-term competitiveness.
As a leader in the markets we serve, we continue to make investments to expand our global manufacturing footprint and better serve our customers. Reinforcement Materials made great progress in building a new carbon black plant in Xingtai, China, and completed debottlenecks
in Indonesia, South America and Europe. Perfor- mance Materials focused its efforts on a fumed silica expansion in Jiangxi, China, and started
up a new specialty compounds facility in Tianjin, China. In addition, our Inkjet Colorants Business completed an expansion of two production lines at our Haverhill, U.S. plant. With these expansions, we have increased our competitiveness and will be able to further partner with our customers to help them grow their businesses.
To meet tomorrow’s challenges, we need talented people with the knowledge, skills and abilities to collaborate and perform at the highest levels. We took significant steps to enhance our focus on em- ployee development. We published our employee development guide to help employees and manag- ers understand that development is a shared responsibility, and outlined a process that gives our people a pathway to grow. We also launched our Developing Leaders program globally to provide our employees with training to become better leaders.
As a specialty chemicals manufacturer, we understand it is essential for us to become more sustainable in our operations. Our customers, em-
  4

    ployees and neighbors care as deeply about this issue as
we do. We have historically led the carbon black industry
in reducing CO2 emissions, and we are being increasingly recognized for our achievements in this area. In 2012,
Corporate Responsibility Magazine named Cabot as one of the 100 Best Corporate Citizens. In addition, we earned inclusion into the Calvert Social Index®, and we were named as a Leader in the MaplecroftTM Climate Innovation Indexes (CII) Cycle 3, rank- ing forty-fourth out of 360 leading companies.
In summary, we are achieving strong results because we continue to deliver on our objectives. Our team is managing the day-to-day challenges creatively and aggressively, while taking the necessary actions to position ourselves for long- term success.
I am proud to be part of a team that cares so much about the people we serve. We strive to be the best in our industry, to deliver value for our customers, investors and employees. In 2013, we will continue to work every day to earn your contin- ued confidence. Thank you for your investment in Cabot.
Regards,
Patrick Prevost
President and Chief Executive Officer
           Cabot Corporation Financial Highlights (dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
 Fiscal Year
 2012
 2011
 2010
Operating Results
Operating revenues Net income attributable to Cabot Corporation
Per diluted common share
Financial Position
Total assets
Net property, plant and
equipment
Stockholders’ equity Adjusted return on invested
capital
$3,300
$388 $5.99
$4,399
$1,552 $1,939
12%
$3,102
$236 $3.57
$3,141
$1,036 $1,616
16%
$2,716
$154 $2.35
$2,886
$937 $1,417
14%
Our Tianjin, China facility is one of several Cabot leaders in CO2 emissions reduction.
5
