2
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
We are very pleased with our performance in 2004 and how that performance positions us for future growth. For the past ten years, we have achieved a significant increase in shareholder
value and we are committed to sustaining that record. We continue to be confident of our value-creating corporate strategy, which focuses our efforts on optimizing our core businesses, developing new products and businesses, and improving our business management processes.
In 2004, in addition to a significant increase in earnings, we recorded the best safety year in the company’s history. We operated our chemical businesses more effectively. We made substantial progress in our ongoing efforts to develop new products and businesses. And we generated new opportunities for future growth.
In a world in which divisiveness among countries and cultures seems common, we are impressed by our global community of employees. In our small world, we have worked hard to build a culture that values respect, alignment, cooperation and growth.
Among the many unifying aspects of our culture is a shared commitment to continuous improvement — what we call a “positive sense of dissatisfaction.” This phrase captures our belief that, no matter what we achieve, we always have many opportunities to perform better and generate greater value for our shareholders.

       IN 2005, TWO SENIOR CABOT TECHNOLOGISTS, CHARLIE GRAY (TOP LEFT) AND STEVE REZNEK (BOTTOM RIGHT), WILL RETIRE. BETWEEN THEM, THEY BUILT THE SCIENTIFIC FOUNDATION FOR MANY OF THE NEW PRODUCTS AND NEW PROCESSES THAT HAVE DRIVEN OUR GROWTH IN RECENT YEARS. THEY LED THE SCIENTIFIC RESEARCH THAT RESULTED IN THE DEVELOPMENT OF CABOT MICROELECTRONICS CORPORATION (NOW AN INDEPENDENT COMPANY) AND INKJET COLORANTS (ONE OF OUR NEW BUSINESSES), AND THE DEVELOPMENT OF MANUFACTURING PROCESS IMPROVEMENTS. THEY ARE SUCCEEDED BY A NEW GENERATION OF TECHNOLOGISTS — A TALENTED TEAM OF MEN AND WOMEN, WORKING AS MATERIAL SCIENTISTS, PROCESS ENGINEERS, APPLICATION SCIENTISTS AND MECHANICAL ENGINEERS AROUND THE WORLD.
3

     4
William J. Brady
Executive Vice President and General Manager, Carbon Black
Eduardo E. Cordeiro
Vice President and General Manager, Cabot Supermetals
Kennett F. Burnes
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Ravijit Paintal
General Manager, Fumed Metal Oxides and Aerogel
John A. Shaw
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

FINANCIAL AND BUSINESS PERFORMANCE
In 2004, we reported earnings of $1.82 per diluted common share and revenues of $1.9 billion, compared with $1.14 per diluted common share and $1.8 billion in 2003. We were aided in our efforts by the initiatives we have undertaken over the past two years to improve our operating performance. These initiatives had a significant and positive impact on business earnings in 2004. We also benefited from an improved global economy, which helped ease last year’s pressure on volumes, margins and costs. By remaining diligent, we expect to find additional opportunities to improve the management of our businesses in 2005 and beyond.
In Carbon Black, lower operating costs, new supply contracts with several existing customers and improved market condi- tions led to a strong 2004. The migration of tire manufacturers, our major customer base, to lower-cost regions of the
world continues. Historically, the strength of our Carbon Black business has been built on its expansion into emerging and growing economies. This continues today with our investment in a joint venture for the construction and operation of a manufacturing facility in TianJin, China, and the expansion of our plant in Maua, Brazil. We are also investigating opportuni- ties in Russia. We are fortunate to have a talented and culturally diverse group of managers to operate these facilities.
A sad result of these global shifts, however, is the scheduled closure, in 2005, of our carbon black plant in Altona, Australia, necessitated in part by raw material supply difficulties. Our Altona employees operated the plant very effectively for many years and contributed to our growth in Asia Pacific.
Fumed Metal Oxides also benefited from lower costs, new supply contracts and improved market conditions. This business, too, is investing in the growing potential of Chinese and Asian Pacific markets with the construction, through a joint venture, of a fumed silica manufacturing plant in Jiangxi Province, China. Once completed in 2006, this plant will be the first world- class, large-scale fumed silica plant in that country.
The improvement in global electronics markets contributed to a strong year in Cabot Supermetals (CSM). Throughout
the year, CSM achieved significant cost reductions, which helped the business recover from the expiration of contracted intermediate product sales to one key customer. Also in 2004, we amended the long-term contracts for the supply of tantalum powder to two customers, extending them through 2009. We launched a new business unit for thin films, which manufactures the sputtering targets that are used in the production of electronic components, such as microprocessors.
5

6
Finally, while our Australian-based tantalum ore supplier reported business and financial difficulties during the year, we remain secure in our raw material supply — an assurance our customers value.
We are very pleased with the performance of our three new busi- nesses: Inkjet Colorants, Cabot Specialty Fluids and Aerogel. The development of these businesses reflects the successful applica- tion of our technology and core competencies to existing and emerging applications and markets.
Two-thousand four was a very strong year in Inkjet Colorants, which manufactures unique, patented pigment products for inkjet applications. Revenue from the sale of our pigments increased 41 percent and, after several years of hard work,
our pigments were accepted by an additional original equipment manufacturer for use in a new printer platform. We continue to apply our small molecule and polymer attachment technologies to expanding markets for inkjet printing. These technolo- gies must remain robust so that we can support our customers in their efforts to continuously introduce new and improved printer platforms. To accomplish this, we continue our investments in research and development, and manufacturing capabil- ity. Technical innovation and a zero-defect culture are key to our future growth in this business.
Cabot Specialty Fluids continued to build momentum in 2004. Our cesium formate drilling and completion fluids achieved excellent results in a number of wells in the North Sea and we anticipate increased activity in this region in the future. We continue to market the benefits of our fluids to oil and gas companies exploring potential reservoirs outside the North Sea, including the Gulf of Mexico, Saudi Arabia and the Caspian Sea. Our fluids help customers optimize the productivity of
their wells and moderate the environmental impacts associated with the drilling and completion processes. Since its forma- tion in the late 1990s, Cabot Specialty Fluids has completed more than 80 projects in the North Sea and Gulf of Mexico.
Aerogel, which manufactures translucent aerogel particles called Nanogels®, strengthened its position in construction markets, where Nanogels are used in daylighting applications — allowing natural light to come in, while maintaining heating or cooling. During the year, we made significant progress toward resolving manufacturing bottlenecks at our semi-works plant in Frankfurt, Germany, and pursued new markets, which could further tap the particles’ exceptional insulation properties.

RECORDABLE INCIDENT RATE LOST WORKDAYS
00 01 02 03 04 00 01 02 03 04
CREATING PARTICLES THAT MATTER
Our corporate strategy of organic growth relies on internal, and selectively acquired, investments. The course we have chosen — remain comparatively small, invest continuously in research and development, avoid disruptive mega-acquisi- tions and pursue high-value, breakthrough products — is different from most of our peers’. We are investing approximately $70 million a year in new business development, and research and development activities. We continue to build a robust intellectual property portfolio. The Patent Scorecard published in May 2004 in the Massachusetts Institute of Technology’s Technology Review ranked Cabot in the top ten percent for overall patent technology strength (number of patents times impact of patents) and the top two percent for overall patent quality in the chemical industry.
Our focus is not exclusively internal; we obtain balance with a network of external partnerships. In 2004, we expanded tech- nical relationships with customers and universities, and established relationships with scientists and organizations working in complementary technologies. Collaborations like these reflect the role customers and others have in helping us to improve and expand our product lines, and generate new ideas for growth.
Our new products and new businesses spring from a common source: technical innovation. Our innovation is fueled by three core competencies: making and handling very fine particles; modifying the surfaces of very fine particles to alter their functionality; and designing composites (particles interacting with other media) for specific properties and applications.
                                                              7

8
We focus on creating particles with the composition, morphology, surface functionalities and formulations to support existing and emerging applications. The result is technology that improves the performance of products consumers use every day.
We apply the first of our competencies — making and handling particles — to our continuous efforts to increase the efficiency, and decrease the cost of manufacturing. In Carbon Black, for example, a one percent gain in manufacturing efficiency can produce operating cost reductions of some $3 million a year. Developing manufacturing improvements for products that have been made for decades is challenging, but it is an effort we are applying to all our chemical businesses.
Our expertise in making and handling fine particles expanded significantly with our acquisition in 2003 of Cabot Superior MicroPowders (CSMP). With CSMP and its versatile spray-based technology, we have broadened the compositional range of our particles, and expanded our ability to control feature size — from nano to micron size. We are enthusiastic about the potential these capabilities have for supporting our entry into developing markets in lighting, energy materials, and printable electronics and displays. In 2004, CSMP launched two new business units to address two of these markets. The Energy Materials business unit is focused on producing new and improved catalysts and sorbents for energy applications. The Print- able Electronics and Displays business unit is focused on developing electronic materials for use in manufacturing flat panel displays and printed circuit boards, and in printing low-cost disposable electronics, such as Radio Frequency Identifi- cation (RFID) tags and SmartCards.
We have successfully applied the second of our competencies — surface modification of particles — to several busi- nesses, including Inkjet Colorants, where our surface attachment technology enabled us to grow our product line. We are working to expand our understanding of polymer attachment technology, since polymers may provide the speed and durability advantages to enable Inkjet Colorants to enter the market for networked printers and copiers.
Finally, we are devoting resources to our third competency: designing particle-media composites for particular applications. Here, our approach is to understand specific applications and design backwards — that is, create particle solutions. This is an important aspect of our technical competencies, since some 98 percent of our particles are used in other media.

We are pleased with the technical innovations we have achieved in recent years, many of which are reflected in the growth of our new businesses. We are committed to sustaining our new business development, and research and development investments in the future.
SUSTAINING A RECORD OF GROWTH
We believe we are well positioned to continue our strong performance in 2005. To do so, we are focusing on six major areas:
• Further reducing injuries among employees and contractors, aiming for zero incidents;
• Obtaining a successful attestation of our internal control processes, as mandated by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002;
• Further improving our operating performance, focusing on the creation of world-class manufacturing and the effectiveness
of key business processes;
• Improving service to customers, building a reputation as a company that is “easy to do business with;”
• Expanding successfully in emerging economies; and
• Identifying new opportunities with potential to generate shareholder value.
In addition to a talented global workforce, our position today can be credited to the support of our Board of Directors. At our Annual Meeting in March 2005, we will observe the retirement of John G.L. Cabot. A director since 1963 and a member of this company’s founding family, John represents the long-term strength and stability of our shareholders from which we benefit. We will miss his wisdom and experience.
The future depends on our success in finding opportunities to create value. With the formidable strengths of our employees, culture and technologies, we are confident that we will continue our record of growth.
Kennett F. Burnes
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 9
