                                         Recordable Incident Rate
02 03 04 05 06
To our shareholders
In many respects, fiscal year 2006, although extraordinarily challenging, showed the inherent strength of Cabot. Primary challenges included unprecedented increases in energy costs and the resulting pressure on our margins and working capi- tal. The financial and managerial strength of the company allowed us to find our way through these difficulties and to significantly improve earnings and cash flow as energy prices eased toward the end of the fiscal year. Thus, after a difficult start, we had a strong finish and remain optimistic and confi- dent about the future.
We are particularly pleased with the continued excellence we achieved in safety and environmental areas. As we have stated in the past, excellence in these areas is our most important objective and a key to successfully operating manufacturing facilities around the globe. In safety, we strive to have no one hurt in our facilities, and this year we continued to reduce the total number of injuries. A widely used benchmark of safety performance is the total recordable incident rate (TRIR), which measures the number of injuries per 200,000 hours worked. The accompanying graph shows the progress we have made in this area over the years. Our TRIR rate for 2006 (including all contractors who worked in our facilities) was .36, placing Cabot among the best safety performers in any industry. We are very proud of this record, however, 34 employees and contractors were injured in our facilities this year, and therefore we must continue our "Drive to Zero", which is a company-wide program aimed at eliminating all injuries. This is an ambitious objective and one we believe is achievable over time.
In the environmental area, we bring the intensity of the Drive to Zero focus to our plant operations to eliminate all spills and releases. Throughout the world, we face increasingly rig- orous environmental standards and the expectation that our operations will be perfect in all environmental matters. We believe this rigor is appropriate and are doing everything we can to meet higher standards by developing technologies that will enable us to reduce our emissions and the amount of energy required to make products. We see these as require- ments in today's world and as an opportunity to establish a competitive advantage in our industries.
          2

                                         We faced difficult events during the year related to our employees and cost reduc- tions. During the summer, we had a company-wide layoff affecting 130 employees, which was driven by the difficult business conditions we faced and the opportunity to further reduce our cost structure. We also finalized the closing of Cabot's Melbourne, Australia carbon black plant. These are always painful events, but unfortunately are necessary if we are to take advantage of new technologies to con- tinually improve the overall competitiveness of our business and strategically posi- tion our global resources.
A significant accomplishment during the year was the company's continued expan- sion in China. We completed and started up two new manufacturing plants, a large carbon black plant in Tianjin and a fumed silica plant in Jiangxi Province. We are fortunate to have a very strong team in China, and their efforts in managing the existing business while constructing these two plants were truly exemplary. Both plants were constructed on time and on budget, and are exceeding our expectations in their financial performance. China is an increasingly important part of Cabot's overall business and we are aggressively looking for opportunities to expand our profitable position in this rapidly growing market.
Although we always strive to do better, given the business conditions, the individ- ual business units performed well overall. Carbon Black worked through margin and working capital pressures, and was well positioned to return to historical prof- itability levels as feedstock prices moderated. The Fumed Metal Oxides product line had another solid year with volume and profitability increases. The Supermetals business saw a decline in performance resulting from the expiration of several long- term contracts. However, the business was successful in maintaining its volumes and had an excellent year in cash generation as it reduced its raw material and fin- ished product inventory.
In the new business area, Inkjet Colorants continued its impressive performance, having a solid year with significant volume growth. We also completed construc- tion of a new manufacturing line for pigments for the high speed ink jet market and are close to a customer launch of this groundbreaking technology. In Specialty Fluids, the business had a stable year. The activities in the North Sea continue and there are some exciting new opportunities due to high temperature well drilling in South America. We remain very optimistic about the outlook for both of these businesses.
We also saw renewed interest in our Cabot Elastomer Composites (CEC) product line. CEC is a prime example of our approach to new business development. While we have always believed in the potential value created by this technology, it has taken 10 years for CEC to be adopted in commercial applications. Additionally,
3

                                         4
Ò...there is a broad consistency to the company's culture throughout the world. The commonality of our culture is difficult to articulate, but words such as respect, integrity, hard work, creativity, dedication and loyalty come to mind.Ó
Ken Burnes
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Aerogel continued its development, and we are working hard to develop markets for the product line. Its commercialization remains a complex task as industrial use of the material is new to the world, however, as with CEC, we believe in Aerogel's technical and economic value. Finally, our Superior MicroPowders group in Albuquerque, New Mexico, where we work to develop new fine powders for multiple applica- tions, is currently focused on specialized catalysts for fuel cells and other uses, and on rapidly growing security markets. We continue to be enthusiastic about the work that is performed by Superior MicroPowders.
As year-end is a time for pause and reflection, I am reminded that the year 2007 marks Cabot's 125th anniversary. This is an exceptionally long time for an organization to exist in today's world and I believe the company's longevity and success dur- ing those many years are due to several core characteristics.
Our Culture Ð Cabot is an intriguing place in which to work in that while we operate in numerous countries and therefore cross many cultures, there is a broad consistency to the com- pany's culture throughout the world. The commonality of our culture is difficult to articulate, but words such as respect, integrity, hard work, creativity, dedication and loyalty come to mind. There is a free and rigorous exchange of ideas, and yet people are very supportive. There is a general feeling that we are good at what we do and yet there is a strong feeling of wanting and needing to do things better tomorrow. I am very fortunate to have the privilege of working with employees of this company and am very thankful and appreciative of their hard work.
Our Global Platform Ð Cabot operates in 23 countries around the world, and in most cases our business in each of those countries is managed by people from that country or region. Being part of the local business environment makes it far easier to leverage many different business opportunities that are presented to us. For example, this year our Carbon Black people in Argentina were of great help to our Specialty Fluids employees in Houston, Texas as they developed new business opportunities in Argentina. Similarly, our specialty chemical resources in Japan performed key roles in the devel- opment of new businesses and products that are important to

                                         Japanese electronic customers. Without this support, it would have been far more difficult. We are a relatively small company with a large footprint around the world and we strive to take full advantage of that footprint whenever the oppor- tunity arises.
Our Creativity Ð Building shareholder value by developing new products, markets and businesses requires an employee group that is creative, innovative and farsight- ed. This creative spirit has existed in Cabot from the beginning as evidenced by our technical leadership position in the carbon black industry and the geographical footprint of the company. As we begin to see the results of our new technologies for the new businesses and our early expansion into China, we know this spirit is alive and well in the company today.
Our Community Responsibility Ð Cabot is a company with a long history of caring for its communities. Each day we make a commitment to work safely so that each employee and each of our neighbors have safe and clean environments. Our employees are actively engaged in many community activities that enhance the lives of our neighbors and create an opportunity for our communities to know the people of Cabot and trust that we will do the right thing. We honor this trust with a continued commitment to safety, health and the environment and by helping to make our communities better places to live and work.
As we look to the future, we must pause to say thank you to one of our most stal- wart and dedicated supporters, Director John H. McArthur. After 16 years of service to Cabot as a member of its Board, chair of the Governance and Nominating Committee, and former lead director, John will retire from the Board in March 2007. John has been a thoughtful and diligent advocate for creativity and entrepre- neurship at Cabot, and we sincerely appreciate his leadership and friendship.
To all of our shareholders, thank you for your continued interest and investment in Cabot. Your support is sincerely appreciated.
Kennett F. Burnes
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
5
