A MESSAGE TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
“Our vision is to be the
most innovative, respected
and responsible leader in
our markets
—delivering
performance that makes
a difference.”
Fiscal 2016 was a year of change, transition and growth for Cabot Corporation.
The global markets in which we participate are evolving, driven by macro
trends such as increased mobility, rapid expansion of the middle class in
emerging markets, growth in construction and infrastructure development
and continued focus and attention on improvements in sustainability. All of
these macro trends directly touch the products we offer today and provide
significant opportunities for growth and technology innovation going forward.
These opportunities, combined with Cabot’s deep market
experience and organizational capabilities, shaped the
development of a new vision and strategy for our company.
Accompanying this strategy is a set of financial goals and
a capital allocation framework that together supports the
changing needs of our customers, the global nature of our
business and our inherent ability to adapt and grow.
Four core principles will serve as the foundation of
our new strategy.
Growth is fundamental to the long-term health and
success of an enterprise. Achieving growth is more
challenging in today’s global economy; however, Cabot’s
market leadership and balanced geographic exposure
are fundamental to capturing opportunities.
Materials innovation will continue to drive and enable
incredible advancements in our world, but the nature of
innovation is changing. Customers care about delivering
performance and our ability to innovate based on a deep
understanding of the application and the value chain
remains a competitive advantage.
As an asset in
tensive company, cash flow generation
and capital allocation are critical to driving superior
returns. We will operate our businesses with these
themes at the core and with rigorous discipline
around execution.
Finally, talent matters. Everything we do is built on a
culture that realizes the full power of our people. Cabot
has built an exceptional global organization—a team
of smart, ambitious, entrepreneurial and collaborative
people. This is Cabot and our commitment to talent
development will form the foundation that drives
our performance.
We are confident in our ability to deliver on these core
principles given this great company’s legacy of leadership—
leadership in our markets, an unparalleled global footprint,
technology innovation that has created breakthroughs in a
broad range of applications and a pioneering spirit that has
put us first on so many occasions. Our vision is to: “be the most innovative, respected and
responsible leader in our markets—delivering performance
that makes a difference.”
We recognize that innovation is the key to differentiation
and will drive long-term superior returns. As such, we
intend to advance our legacy of leadership here. We
will continue to build on the trust and respect that we
have earned from our customers and partners to create
a shared dynamic for growth. In addition, we also see
that environmental and sustainability pressures will
increasingly intensify globally. As the leader in our markets,
we will be responsible in everything we do from product
stewardship to safety and environmental performance.
Our new vision defines our aspiration for the company.
It also unites us in our goals and provides clear direction
so that our employees and external stakeholders
understand what we are trying to achieve. We will bring
this vision to life by driving our new corporate strategy
called “Advancing the Core,” which aims to “extend our
leadership in performance materials” by driving three
key themes: 1. Invest for growth in our core businesses,
2. Drive application innovation with our customers, and
3. Generate strong cash flows through efficiency
and optimization. Leadership matters and we intend to aggressively pursue
opportunities to expand our positions across each of
our businesses. The winning customers in each of our
markets want to partner with Cabot because they know
we are committed to their long-term success and have the
capabilities to innovate and serve them globally. Through
our new strategy, we will:
Invest to deepen our position in our core markets and
enhance our portfolio with new and differentiated products.
Pursue bolt-on acquisitions where we have a track record
of success and a clear playbook to access synergies.
Deepen our application understanding and pursue
innovative formulation solutions in order to create
greater value for our customers.
Aggressively pursue best-in-class capital efficiency,
both in our working and fixed assets, as part of our key
managerial objective of cash flow generation.
The objective of our strategy is to deliver sustained and
attractive total shareholder return (TSR). Our TSR package
is built on top-line growth consistent with our end markets
and leveraging that into 7 – 10% adjusted earnings per
share (EPS) growth over time. We will invest 50% of our
discretionary free cash flow in growth and return 50%
to shareholders in the form of dividends and share
repurchases. We are confident that this clear, balanced
and disciplined approach to capital allocation will result in
sustained and attractive returns for our shareholders.
In 2016, we returned to profitability growth and accomplished
a number of key strategic initiatives. After a disappointing
year in 2015, we demonstrated a significant recovery in
financial performance with adjusted EPS growing 16%
to $3.14. Coupled with this improvement in earnings
was a very strong year in cash flow performance, as we
generated discretionary free cash flow of $252 million.
This solid cash flow performance enabled us to increase
the quarterly dividend in May by 36% to $0.30 as part of
our new capital allocation framework.
Our performance improvement was underpinned by several
noteworthy achievements. The Performance Chemicals
segment continued its impressive performance, generating
its third straight year of record earnings. This result reflects
the strength of our leading portfolio and our commitment to
growth through application innovation with our customers.
The Reinforcement Materials segment improved results in
each quarter of fiscal year 2016 and is well positioned to
continue this trend into 2017. In our Purification Solutions
segment, we ended the year with an improving profitability
picture and more visibility into the future as mercury
removal volumes ramped up. Looking ahead, we have plans
in place to drive continued profit growth in this segment.
Finally, as a company, we set a cost reduction target of
$50 million and exceeded that objective through the hard
work of our entire global team.
On the strategic front, we accomplished a number of key
milestones that are critical for the delivery of our new
strategy. We entered into a joint venture to build a new
fumed silica plant in China with Hengyecheng Silicone Co.,
Ltd. This investment will ensure that we continue to grow
our global position in this high value strategic product line.
We also announced an investment to expand capacity
in our Specialty Compounds business for conductive
and specialty formulations and continued new product
adoptions in strategic applications such as energy
materials and structural adhesives. Finally, we celebrated
the groundbreaking of a new Asia Technology Center which
underpins our dedication to application innovation. The
new facility is evidence of our commitment to developing
deeper application understanding and delivering innovative
formulation solutions to our customers. Each of these
strategic growth investments is underpinned by our
continued commitment to our corporate Commercial
Excellence initiative. During the year, we fully implemented
a new Customer Relationship Management (CRM) platform,
which serves as a foundation for our key account
management and strategic marketing efforts.
Overall, I am pleased with the progress we have made this
past year. Our disciplined execution led to TSR performance
in fiscal 2016 in the top decile of our peer group. Going
forward, I have full confidence in our ability to deliver
attractive returns based on the continued focus and
execution of our new strategy. Acting responsibly and being a leader in SH&E remain
paramount to who we are as a company and are anchored
in our company values. This past year, we continued
to perform at world-class levels and maintained our
leadership position among our industry peers.
We advanced our safety performance, having improved
in every metric over fiscal year 2015 results. We reduced
recordable injuries by 20% and our total recordable injury
rate by 12%. Specifically, I’m pleased with the continued
efforts made by our Purification Solutions team in this
area. The segment alone reduced its number of recordable
injuries by approximately 65% compared to fiscal year
2015. With numbers like these, Cabot is operating in the top
quartile of manufacturing companies based on the general
industry average performance.
As a signatory of the United Nations Global Compact
(UNGC), we issued our first Communication on Progress
in accordance with our commitment to the UNGC. Further
showcasing our commitment to continued progress
in the areas of human rights, labor, environment and
anti-corruption, we introduced a standalone
Human Rights Policy.  This policy covers fundamental aspects of
human rights consistent with leading global guidelines
which helps to ensure that our expectations are clear to
employees and suppliers.
I am incredibly proud of our long-term performance in
SH&E and I know our discipline in this area supports our
operational effectiveness in terms of quality, consistency
and supply chain reliability. There will always be more to do
to reach our vision of zero incidents, but I believe our efforts
to enhance our already world-class performance have made
us a stronger and more competitively advantaged company
and will continue to do so in the future.
I would also like to recognize and express my deep
appreciation to our Board member, Dr. Lydia Thomas, who
will retire at our 2017 Annual Meeting after 22 years of
service. During her tenure, Lydia has chaired our Safety,
Health and Environment Committee and her commitment
and high standards have been instrumental in our
achievement of our best-in-class SH&E performance.
in closing, I want to thank our dedicated team from around
the world for their hard work during 2016 and for their
support during our leadership transition. We accomplished
a great deal in 2016 and we are well positioned to bring
to life our vision of “delivering performance that makes
a difference.”
We live in an evolving world where our key stakeholders
—shareholders, customers, employees, partners and
communities—expect even more of us and we will continue
to deliver. Our success in 2016 was the result of a clear
growth strategy and outstanding execution by our team.
We will continue to drive our growth agenda with an aim
of delivering attractive returns for our shareholders. This is
our goal and the whole company is committed to it. I look
forward to reporting on our progress in 2017 as we continue
to advance our strategy.
Sincerely,
Sean D. Keohane
President and Chief Executive Officer
