Letter to Our Shareholders
  PATRICK PREVOST
President and CEO
DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS,
As I reflect on fiscal year 2013, I view this past year as a test of Cabot’s strength. Many efforts and actions have gone into strengthening our company in order to perform well under any market condition. This is what is expected of a global leader in specialty chemicals and performance materials, and I believe we demonstrated that during this past year.
As we look ahead, Cabot’s strategic plan is a critical guide for us. We have sought to create more value for our shareholders through the combination of innovation, capacity and emerging market expansion, portfolio management and margin improvement. We have consistently executed this plan—and as a result, our commercial and operational capabilities are much stronger. We are more prepared to capitalize on new opportunities, and we are better positioned to deliver products and solutions to our customers in every corner of the globe, serving our key industries of transportation, infrastructure, environment and consumer. Our financial results in 2013 reflect how our increased capabilities helped us mitigate the year’s difficult business conditions.
In 2013, we delivered $2.91 in adjusted earnings per share (EPS). While the
year fell short of our financial expectations, we achieved a 5% increase in adjusted EBITDA as compared to 2012 and saw record-setting performance in Advanced Technologies. The Performance Materials Segment EBITDA grew through new product introductions and the successful commercialization of new capacity in China and Europe. We also added $50 million in adjusted EBITDA from Purification Solutions.
We are committed to continuing to accelerate our performance in our chosen space, as a specialty chemicals and performance materials company that delivers value to our shareholders. During the past 12 months, our Cabot team made significant advances in several critical areas. These achievements position us well for growth in the future. Let me briefly highlight some of our accomplishments from the past year.
Our No. 1 priority continues to be the safety, health and well-being of our people, the communities where we operate, and the environment. In 2013, we maintained our commitment to world-class performance in Safety, Health & Environment (SH&E). For fiscal year 2013, we achieved strong safety performance within our legacy businesses (Reinforcement Materials, Performance Materials, Advanced Technologies) including a new company record-low Total Recordable Incidence Rate of 0.21. Our legacy businesses also achieved a record-low 14 Environmental Non-Conformance (ENC) events, which means we are adhering to our
operating requirements very closely. In that respect, I was pleased to represent Cabot’s efforts by receiving a “Responsible CEO of the Year” award by Corporate Responsibility Magazine in 2013.
Another major focus for us last year was the integration of the 2012 Norit acquisition into Cabot. We achieved several critical milestones that prepare the business to achieve long-term success. We improved the segment’s SH&E capabilities by implementing all of Cabot’s critical life safety procedures. Across our functional groups, our people are using common processes and systems in their work. Operationally, we launched a new segment organizational structure that emphasizes the global nature of the activated carbon business, and the importance of marketing and product management. We also transferred Purification Solutions onto Cabot’s information technology platform. All of these changes will allow us to manage the business in a more consistent, organized and transparent manner. While the financial performance of this segment was a disappointment in 2013, I am pleased with how quickly we are executing these integration activities. The foundation we have laid in 2013 will allow us to maximize our opportunities during the next few years.
Our customers value Cabot because of our global leadership positions in the industries we serve and they know we can help them grow wherever they do business. We
 TRIR*
measures the number of total recordable injuries per 200,000 hours worked
.35
.22
2010 2011 2012 2013
.33
  .21
   ENCs*
a reportable spill or release, notice of violation, public complaint, or certain permit deviations
 2010
2011
2012   17 2013   14
* fiscal year (excluding Purification Solutions)
29 29
 
further strengthened our capabilities in 2013 through strategic investments. In China, we completed the construction of
our new carbon black plant in Xingtai. In Mexico, we agreed to acquire the remaining stake in our NHUMO carbon black joint venture. In Wales, we completed our fumed silica expansion allowing us to further extend our long-term partnership with Dow Corning. We also opened a new plastics development lab in Shanghai. All of these actions will help us advance Cabot’s businesses and the businesses of our customers in the future.
For over 130 years, Cabot has delivered performance solutions that solve customers’ challenges today and prepare them to meet tomorrow’s needs. In 2013, we continued to help our customers be successful in the market through innovation. We launched several new products, including new specialty carbons for the high-performance coatings markets, the new ATLASTM brand of silica composites for digital printing, the first full-pigment system for a customer’s inkjet office platform,
and new aerogel thermal insulation coatings and building insulations. Our innovation efforts have not gone unnoticed. Cabot won the ICIS Innovation Award in 2013 for our aerogel, which won as the Best Overall Innovation and the Innovation with the Best Environmental Benefit. Our technology leadership also extended to our facilities, as we continue to improve our energy efficiency and process technology platform throughout the world.
We also executed important initiatives in 2013 that will help us create more value in 2014 and beyond. Our new corporate brand, introduced last spring, has refreshed and modernized the image of our company to our stakeholders, and reinforced why we should be the supplier, employer and investment of choice. We also launched our Commercial Excellence initiative, which is helping us gain a deeper understanding of our customers’ needs, and better align our company’s capabilities and resources.
I am proud of our team. Our people are driven and inventive, and they represent some of the best technical, commercial and manufacturing talent in the industry. Our performance in 2013 affirms that we have a team that cares deeply about our customers and shareholders. We aspire to be a truly global enterprise with leading technical and market positions and to achieve superior financial performance for our stakeholders. Once again, I thank you for your continued confidence in Cabot.
Regards,
Patrick Prevost, President and Chief Executive Officer
CABOT CORPORATION FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS (dollars in millions, except per share amounts) FISCAL YEAR 2011 2012 2013
Operating Results
Operatingrevenues $3,102$3,300$3,463 Net income attributable to
      Cabot Corporation
Per diluted common share Adjusted earnings per share
Financial Position
Total assets
Net property, plant and equipment Stockholders’ equity
Adjusted return on invested capital
$236 $3.57 $2.43
$3,141 $1,036 $1,616 16%
$388 $5.99 $3.32
$4,399 $1,552 $1,939
12%
$153 $2.36 $2.91
$4,233 $1,605 $2,083 8%
    CABOT CORPORATION ANNUAL REPORT 2013
