 Letter to Shareholders
 Dear fellow shareholders,
As we enter a new year, I would like to share with you some of the events that occurred during my first year as President and CEO of Cabot Corporation. The last several months have been very difficult as the economic decline has been remarkable in its speed and scope. Through it all, I have been impressed with the capability and confidence with which the global Cabot team has responded to the challenges. The entire Cabot workforce has actively engaged to maintain Cabot's position in its mar- kets. Also, the strengths I found when arriving at Cabot have been most helpful in the current environment. We have a port- folio of strong franchises with global leadership in each of them. We have world-class technology for manufacturing, developing and modifying fine particles. We have an entrepre- neurial, flexible and fast moving group of people with strong values. And our global footprint of operations managed by local teams is unparalleled in our industry.
2008 IN REVIEW
As we look at 2008 in more detail, we have much to be proud of, despite our disappointing financial results. For the full year we recorded earnings per share of $1.34. This is significantly less than the 2007 level of $1.90 per share. An unprecedented rise in carbon black feedstock costs during the year significantly influenced our performance. The global economic downturn also led to lower demand for our products during the final quarter of fiscal 2008.
On a more positive note, during the year, we began the process of revitalizing our vision and strategy. We defined our goal of delivering earnings growth to our shareholders through leader- ship in performance materials. We also outlined two financial commitments, $3 per share in adjusted earnings by 2011 and an adjusted return on invested capital (ROIC) of 13% by 2013. We articulated the four levers we will use to reach these targets: margin improvement, capacity and emerging market expansion, new product development and portfolio management.
“We have a portfolio of strong franchises with global leadership in each of them. We have world-class tech- nology for manufacturing, developing and modifying fine particles. We have an entrepreneurial, flexible and fast moving group of people with strong values. And
We had some success in the areas of margin management, emerging market expansion and new business development dur- ing 2008. We increased our total segment profitability by strict- ly managing margins and costs, principally in our core Rubber Blacks business. We continued the expansion of our geographic footprint by commissioning a Performance Products (PPBG) manufacturing unit and making significant progress in the con- struction of two additional rubber blacks units in China. We achieved a significant milestone in the commercial development of our Cabot Elastomer Composite (CEC) technology by join- ing forces with a leading global tire manufacturer. We also achieved commercial milestones in our Aerogel business for oil and gas applications and, in Superior MicroPowders, we improved customer acceptance of our products for security inks applications. We penetrated markets for our cesium formate drilling fluids beyond the North Sea, successfully completing wells in Kazakhstan and Asia Pacific. There were no portfolio changes during 2008, but we will continue to look at the port-
our global footprint of operations managed by local teams is unparalleled in our industry.” ~ Patrick Prevost, President and CEO, Cabot Corporation
  Cabot’s Vision - Goal
DELIVER EARNINGS GROWTH THROUGH LEADERSHIP IN PERFORMANCE MATERIALS
  MARGIN IMPROVEMENT
 CAPACITY AND EMERGING MARKET EXPANSION
 PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT
 NEW PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT
  
folio management lever as a critical tool at our disposal to increase value to our shareholders.
The weak global economic environment and the lack of visibility on future demand could make the achievement of our long- term financial targets more difficult. I, however, continue to believe that our market positions coupled with our flexibility and ability to seize opportunities will, once a recovery com- mences, allow us to achieve them.
Safety is a cornerstone of Cabot's success and our performance in 2008 remained at a world class level. Our total recordable incident rate (TRIR), which measures the number of injuries per 20,000 hours worked, was 0.47. We are convinced that all safety incidents are preventable and have reconfirmed our com- mitment for continued progress toward our goal of zero inci- dents. During 2008 we made great progress in the environmen- tal area, reducing our non-conformances by nearly 70% from the 2007 level. We continued our investments in energy cen- ters, which will further enhance our competitiveness and reduce our environmental emissions. We also issued Cabot's first ever sustainability report. In this report we presented an overview of our social, economic and environmental performance and out- lined our areas of focus for continued improvement.
BUSINESS PERFORMANCE
During 2008, we changed the structure of our organization to better align businesses that have similar business models. This added clarity, simplicity and transparency to our financial reporting.
Core Segment
During 2008, our Rubber Blacks business was unfavorably affected by rapidly rising raw material costs. These increased costs outpaced price increases during the year. We were success- ful, however, in reducing manufacturing spending and main- taining stable volumes. Our efforts led to improved profitability in the business despite the unfavorable impact of the timing of
BUSINESS SEGMENTS*
*For descriptions of Cabot businesses, please refer to Cabot’s 2008 Form 10-K.
pricing adjustments in some of our Rubber Blacks supply con- tracts. We are working to modify our contracts to ensure more timely pricing adjustments.
For the Supermetals business, fiscal 2008 was a difficult year. We suffered from lower market prices and volumes were soft. Higher raw material costs from our long term ore contract that expired in December negatively affected our margins. The busi- ness primarily focused its efforts on generating cash and once again reduced its inventory levels. As a result, $7 million of cash was generated and net working capital was reduced by $23 million.
Performance Segment
In the Performance Segment, volumes in Performance Products and Fumed Metal Oxides increased during 2008. Results, how- ever, were constrained by higher raw material and energy costs that could not be fully offset by increased prices. We continued to expand our manufacturing capabilities, particularly in emerg- ing markets. During the year we announced our intention to expand our masterbatch operations into the Middle East and signed a joint venture agreement for the construction of an additional fumed silica facility in China.
New Business Segment
The New Business Segment successfully increased revenues in key market segments in 2008. Volumes in Inkjet Colorants sta- bilized and we had commercial successes in Aerogel in the con- struction and oil and gas markets. During the year, we reduced our costs by eliminating underperforming projects in Inkjet Colorants and Superior MicroPowders.
Specialty Fluids Segment
In the Specialty Fluids Segment, we continued to expand our geographic reach. We increased the number of wells using our fluid outside of the North Sea. During 2008, 21% of the rev- enue of this segment came from jobs outside of the North Sea. This is an increase from 17% in 2007.
BUSINESS MODEL FOCUS
2
   Niche commodity Specialty
Service
High growth
costs, raw materials, process
sales, application development, marketing
technical service, sales
R&D, marketing
 Core: Rubber Blacks, Supermetals
 Performance: Fumed Metal Oxides, PPBG
 Specialty Fluids
 New Business: Inkjet Colorants, Aerogel, Superior MicroPowders
    
 Letter to Shareholders
3
 In 2008, Cabot's operations generated $124 million in cash. This was despite a $135 million increase in working capital that resulted principally from higher carbon black feedstock costs. We ended the year with a cash balance of $129 million.
2009 AND BEYOND
As we look ahead, I am confident that our fundamental busi- ness strengths, our clear purpose and our robust financials will allow us to weather the global economic downturn. We have a clear long-term strategy and are a leading provider of many basic products that the world needs. We have a strong balance sheet, which will allow us to take advantage of future growth opportunities in our key businesses. We remain committed to our long-term technology projects that are key potential drivers of competitiveness. This work helps us to achieve lower costs, develop new and improved products and manage an environ- mentally sound network of operations. We continue to invest prudently in our new businesses to help sustain the long-term growth of the Company and we are well positioned to show substantial progress in these ventures in 2009. In today's envi- ronment, having cash and access to cash is critical. Cabot is well positioned in this regard. We ended fiscal year 2008 with a solid cash balance, and, during the start of 2009, we have bene- fited from an unprecedented drop in carbon black raw material costs. We will maintain our prudent financial strategy in the future as it has served us well so far.
The year ahead will be difficult and demanding of the Cabot team. The global economic slowdown has put pressure on all manufacturing and industrial companies, and Cabot is no exception. We are taking significant steps to allow us to with- stand these challenging times. To date, this has included sub- stantial reductions in our capital spending plans, strict expense management, including salary and travel freezes, and the tem- porary curtailment of production at many of our manufactur- ing facilities in line with significantly lower demand. These actions, however, will not be sufficient. In light of this, we have gone through a detailed review of our global operations and
“Many of the challenges of the coming year will be new to most of us. Speed, flexibility, innovation and deci- siveness will be critical to our ability to withstand the economic crisis and emerge a stronger company. I am convinced that Cabot is a unique company that has
have developed a plan to reposition Cabot for the expected new market conditions. This plan will require operational and struc- tural adjustments and includes the permanent closure or long- term mothballing of six manufacturing sites and one regional office. These steps are difficult and will result in a reduction of Cabot's global workforce in excess of 450 people. We believe, however, these actions are prudent and necessary to help lessen the impact of the global slowdown. We anticipate the imple- mentation of our plan will yield savings in excess of $80 million for fiscal 2010.
Many of the challenges of the coming year will be new to most of us. Speed, flexibility, innovation and decisiveness will be crit- ical to our ability to withstand the economic crisis and emerge a stronger company. I am convinced that Cabot is a unique com- pany that has the people, processes and capabilities to meet these challenges head on and to bring superior value to our shareholders in the years ahead. I thank you for your continued interest and investment in Cabot. Your support, particularly in these difficult economic times, is sincerely appreciated.
Sincerely,
Patrick M. Prevost
President and Chief Executive Officer
  the people, processes and capabilities to meet these challenges head on and to bring superior value to our shareholders in the years ahead.” ~ Patrick Prevost, President and CEO, Cabot Corporation
