 Building on Success
Letter To Shareowners
Four years ago, in my first letter to you, the shareowners of Coca-Cola Enterprises, I outlined a case for change in the way we approached our business. This change was an essential step in achieving our most important goal: creating shareowner value.
In 2010, we delivered on that goal. First, we achieved a record year for the business, and second, we returned significant value and cash to shareowners by creating a new, more profitable CCE in a transaction that sold our North American operations to The Coca-Cola Company.
This transaction – the largest in the history of the Coca-Cola system – created a CCE with excellent prospects for growth. Its success
also reflects the sustained, outstanding work of CCE
employees at every level of the company. Their effort,
skill, and dedication strengthened our North American operations and created ongoing European growth, key elements in making this transaction possible.
This work also ensured the achievement of very positive 2010 results – a primary goal following the announcement of the transaction in February 2010. For the year, we achieved pro forma, comparable earnings per diluted common share of $1.78. These results include Norway and Sweden and exclude nonrecurring items. In addition, in
our legacy European territories we achieved 11.5 percent growth in operating income and 4 percent growth in revenue, with volume growth of 4 percent.
John F. Brock
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
COCA-COLA ENTERPRISES, INC. | 2010 ANNUAL REPORT 1

 “Central to enhancing our brands is continuously improving our world-class customer service.
Our goal is to drive...sustainable growth in category
value for our customers.”
-John F. Brock
This is the fifth consecutive year of growth for legacy CCE European territories. The resilience of our results is a testament to the quality of our brands, our dedication to world-class customer service, and our sharp focus on managing costs in the face of recent weak macroeconomic conditions.
Going forward, we have solid business and operating plans in place for 2011 that we believe will drive another year of growth for us in Europe, with overall full-year targets in line with or above our long-term growth objectives. These targets include expected results from both Norway and Sweden, which we are integrating rapidly into CCE. All territories have opportunities for growth, and we have plans to seize them by improving our customer service and refining our marketplace approach.
Of course, there are risks to any business plan. In 2011, we continue to see the impact of economic and consumer uncertainty and operate in a marketplace that reflects ongoing competitive activity and in a customer environment that continues to evolve.
However, we have confidence in our plans, both for this year and beyond. In 2011, our operating plans are built around three key elements. First, we will improve the position of our brands and brand portfolio, with a focus on our core trademark brands. Second, we will improve our service while closely managing our costs and forging even closer relationships with our customers. Third, we will continue to create development opportunities for our people, the most skilled, dedicated team in the industry.
As we look at our brand efforts, our plans build on the success of our core sparkling Red, Black, and Silver brands – brands that provided significant growth in 2010 and will drive a majority of growth in 2011. The 125th anniversary of the Coca-Cola brand is an important element of our plans. We also will improve our position in sparkling flavors, continue our progress in the energy category, and build upon the successful expansion of our still portfolio with both Ocean Spray and Capri-Sun.
In fact, a growth opportunity for our company is the improving balance of our brand portfolio. We are making important gains in energy and stills with brands that consumers prefer.
2 CO2CAC-OCOCAL-ACEONLATEERNPTREIRSEPSR,IISNECS,|I2N0C1.0| A2N01N0UANLNRUEAPLORETPORT

  Central to enhancing our brands is continuously improving our world-class customer service. Our goal is to provide even higher levels of support and to drive sustainable growth in category value for our customers. We will accomplish this with a combination of customer-centered efforts, such as programs focused on the 2012 London Olympics and local communities, continuous improvement of our go-to-market methods, and improving our online presence through category-leading e-commerce capability and service.
While we will always strive to improve our service even further, we have already made substantial progress. Based on a recent Advantage Group survey, we are the number one fast moving consumer goods supplier in Great Britain, Belgium, and the Netherlands, and number two in France. We are encouraged by this recognition, which reflects the quality of our work in Europe and the skill and dedication of our people.
A key element of this past success – and an important key to our future – is our approach to our supply chain. We have worked diligently to seize Europe-wide opportunities for scale and efficiency. This work is paying dividends, and we believe significant opportu- nities remain, particularly as we integrate Norway and Sweden into our company.
corporate responsibility and sustainability
remains vital to our success
As we work to reach our long-term growth goals, it is imperative to sustain and enhance our commitment to corporate responsibility and sustainability (CRS). More than ever, our customers, our consumers, and the communities in which we operate expect us to work towards world-class sustainability performance in our own operations, as well as across our wider value chain. We want to be the CRS leader in the beverage industry, and we take our responsibility to meet the needs of our stakeholders seriously.
Strategic Priorities
be
#1 or Strong #2 in Our Categories
be
Our Customers’ Most Valued Supplier
build
a Winning and Inclusive Culture
drive
Consistent Long-Term Profitable Growth
    We will continue to invest across our territories to embed CRS in every function of our business. Our “Commitment 2020” outlines specific targets for energy conservation, packaging and recycling, water steward- ship, product portfolio, active healthy living, community, and our workplace. In addition, our workplace commitment sets standards
for a diverse and inclusive culture within our business.
 COCA-COLA ENTERPRISES, INC. | 2010 ANNUAL REPORT 3
 
 “The resilience of our results is a testament to the quality of our brands, our dedication to
world-class customer service, and our sharp
focus on managing costs...”
-John F. Brock
We are proud of our progress toward CRS, and as we move forward as a European company, we want to meet the new, increasing expectations of our stakeholders. As a result, we currently are revising our long-term commitments and will release them in our CRS report in June.
continuing to grow sHareowner value
Each day, our work to build our brands and operate more effectively and sustainably leads to our most important goal: creating enhanced value for our shareowners. We believe we are on track to continue to achieve this goal and have stated our commitment to dividend growth and share repurchase.
In fact, we are on track to repurchase a total of $1 billion of our shares by the end of the first quarter 2012. With the completion of this program, we will have returned more than $4.5 billion to our shareowners in less than two years.
Going forward, we will work to grow our company, creating increasing levels of value for each stakeholder. We have confidence in our strategies, in our operating territories, and in our employees who have delivered solid results for an extended period. These strengths, coupled with incredible brands that people love, are a powerful combination. We also benefit from our solid relationship with The Coca-Cola Company, which shares our passion for improving service to customers and creating value for shareowners.
Today, Coca-Cola Enterprises is a new company, yet we are built on a foundation of sustained growth with a proven legacy of driving shareowner value. The future is bright, we have confidence in our ability to continue moving this business forward, and we look forward to sharing the results of our efforts with you, our shareowners, in the future.
John F. Brock
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 2 CO4CAC-OCOCAL-ACEONLTAEERNPTREIRSEPSR,IISNECS,|I2N0C1.0| A2N01N0UANLNRUEAPLORETPORT
