                LETTER TO OUR SHAREOWNERS
For Coca-Cola Enterprises, 2007 was a year of transformation, a year of progress, a year
of growing momentum.
Driven by new strategies and the outstanding effort of our more than 70,000 employees, we enter 2008 poised for growth despite the significant challenges of 2007, challenges that included evolving consumer preferences, changing marketplace demands, and increasing costs.
Throughout the year, our people performed with determination and commitment, embracing change and clearly demonstrating their leadership and winning attitude. In addition, their effort is contributing to the successful implementation of a restructuring that is increasing our focus on our customers, improving our ability to execute in the field day-to-day, and enhancing the effectiveness of our operations.
The benefits of this work, coupled with brand and product portfolio expansion and a beneficial international currency and tax environment, enabled us to achieve full-year results above our initial expectations. For the year, earnings per diluted share were $1.39 on a comparable basis*, up 7 percent from 2006 levels, as operating income grew 3∏ percent* and revenue grew 5∏ percent. In addition, we achieved strong free cash flow** of $785 million.
While these results reflect improvement over our initial expectations for the year, they do not fully meet our long- term objectives of revenue growth of 4 percent to 5 percent, operating income growth of 5 percent to 6 percent, and high single-digit earnings per share growth. However, we plan to achieve these objectives in 2008, and will again generate strong free cash flow, enabling us to return more cash to shareowners.
GLOBAL OPERATING FRAMEWORK DRIVES IMPROVEMENT
The key factors driving this improving performance are the expansion of our brand portfolio and continued execution against our Global Operating Framework. This framework, adopted in late 2006 after extensive review and collaboration within our executive leadership team, creates a stronger, more integrated operating focus. This far-reaching step defines, for
John F. Brock
President and Chief Executive Officer
the first time, a common vision for the company: to be the best beverage sales and customer service company. Guiding our work to achieve this vision are three strategic priorities, each with a specific definition of success:
• Becoming number one or a strong number two in every category in which we choose to compete...by growing the value of our existing brands and expand- ing our product portfolio;
• Becoming our customers’ most valued supplier...by transforming our go-to-market model and improving efficiency and effectiveness; and
• Establishing a winning, inclusive culture...by attracting, developing, and retaining a highly talented and diverse workforce.
We have confidence that, long-term, our work to support these objectives will create the consistent, profitable growth that our company can deliver. In fact, we began to see benefits from this work as we moved through 2007, adding strength to our results last year.
*Please refer to page 77 for reconciliation of comparable information. **Cash flow from operations less capital spending, net of asset disposal.
 2 | Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc. 2007 Annual Report

                FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc.
(in millions except per share data)
As Reported
Net Operating Revenue
Operating Income (Loss)
Net Income (Loss) to Common Shareowners Diluted Net Income (Loss) per Common Share(a)
Total Market Value(b)
2007
$20,936 $ 1,470 $ 711 $ 1.46 $ 12,675
2006
$19,804 $ (1,495) $ (1,143) $ (2.41) $ 9,795
2005
$18,743 $ 1,431 $ 514 $ 1.08 $ 9,083
2004
$18,190 $ 1,436 $ 596 $ 1.26 $ 9,792
FACILITIES (b)
394 46 440
  (a) Per share data calculated prior to rounding into millions.
(b) As of December 31, 2007, based on common shares issued and outstanding.
 North American Territories European Territories
Total Company
POPULATION
(in millions)
267 147 414
PER CAPITA CONSUMPTION (a)
289 174 248
EMPLOYEES
62,500 10,500 73,000
 (a) Number of 8-ounce servings consumed per person per year.
(b) Facilities include 17 production, 330 sales/distribution, and 47 combination sales and production plants in North America, and
2 production plants, 31 sales/distribution, and 13 combination plants in Europe.
OUR PORTFOLIO: EXPAND STILL BEVERAGES
AND FOCUS ON CORE BRANDS
An important aspect of our future confidence is recent success in building and expanding our brand portfolio. Two key actions are at the heart of this work: significantly expanding our still beverage portfolio in North America and strengthening our core sparkling beverages in each of our territories through efforts such as our “Red, Black, and Silver” initiative.
A key element of our portfolio expansion in North America is the addition of glacéau products that were acquired last year by The Coca-Cola Company. Coupled with the addition of FUZE and Campbell, the glacéau brands give us a very strong still portfolio in North America that is enabling us to seize an increasing share of a growing category.
As with each of our brands, it is our responsibility to build glacéau at the ground level, and our people are making excel- lent progress. We introduced 35 glacéau SKUs in a matter of weeks in November 2007, achieving outstanding penetration results and clearly demonstrating the value that our powerful distribution system brings to the brand.
In sparkling beverages, we also are working successfully to maximize the power of Coca-Cola, the world’s most valuable soft drink brand, through our “Red, Black, and Silver” initiative in both Europe and North America.
Coca-Cola Zero is at the center of our “Red, Black, and Silver” success and continues to make strong share and volume gains throughout our company. In North America, volume for Coca-Cola Zero grew more than 35 percent for the year. In Europe, the introduction of Coca-Cola Zero was a strong success and now represents approximately 4∏ percent of total European volume.
A STRONG BRAND-BUILDING PARTNERSHIP
Both “Red, Black, and Silver” and the glacéau addition are excellent examples of the increasingly strong synergy that we have achieved with The Coca-Cola Company to enhance our brand portfolio. We have made significant progress, and though each company brings its own perspective to the system, we have similar objectives for our business in North America and Europe.
Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc. 2007 Annual Report | 3

                LETTER TO OUR SHAREOWNERS
Today, our two companies are working toward a common global agenda that innovates with new and existing brands and packages across all nonalcoholic beverage categories. The Coca-Cola Company is committed to brands, packaging, consumer marketing, and advertising that is relevant to customers and consumers, generates excitement, and creates a great shopper experience. We are committed to using the full resources of our powerful selling and distribution system to maximize the value of our brands and packages.
We are innovating in every corner of our business with impactful, cost-effective solutions as we meet evolving customer needs and the demands created by changes in our product portfolio. Warehouse initiatives such as Voice Pick, which is verbal order-building technology, are driving sharply improved load accuracy levels, while delivery optimization initiatives are helping meet the challenge of increasing numbers of SKUs that carry varied sales velocities.
To meet changing customer needs, we opened our
There is more work to do, of course,
if we are to achieve our goal of being
number one or a strong number two
in each category. For example, it is
essential that we work together to
reinvigorate the sparkling beverage
category in all territories, enhance our
presence in teas in North America, seize opportunities in the still beverage category in Europe, and create a successful water strategy in Great Britain. I am confident that together, CCE and The Coca-Cola Company will meet these challenges and build on the tremendous opportunities created this year through acquisitions and brand expansion.
INNOVATION DRIVES OPERATIONAL IMPROVEMENT
As we expand our portfolio, it is our responsibility to have in place a world-class system that puts the right product and package in consumers’ hands at the right time and price. To accomplish this, we must succeed against our second strate- gic objective: becoming our customers’ most valued supplier by transforming our go-to-market model and improving efficiency and effectiveness.
We continue to make important progress as we implement our reorganization, achieving meaningful success in both Europe and North America. More than ever before, we are emphasizing streamlined operations, consistent execution, and the flexibility to serve customers based on their specific needs.
The platform for this change in North America is a broad initiative called Customer Centered Excellence. This program is helping create a world-class supply chain while better inte- grating customer service functions such as selling, delivery, and merchandising. It is driving increasing levels of service, and when combined with our ongoing efforts to control operating expenses at every level of the company, it is gener- ating bottom-line results.
new state-of-the-art Customer Development Center in Tulsa in 2007. This facility expands our sales and service capabilities, and provides a dedicated group of employees who focus on virtual services for a range of customers.
In Europe, we have a similar focus on operational excellence. We began by integrating our Benelux operations and creating a pan-European supply chain to leverage the scale of our European business and more efficiently serve our customers there. We will continue to make strong progress in 2008 by standardizing business processes and systems, concentrating operations and logistics capabilities and enhanc- ing responsiveness across Europe.
We also have reconstructed our full-service vending business in Europe to drive efficiency and improve service. On the customer side, we continue to focus on accelerating imme- diate consumption in high-traffic urban areas in Great Britain and France through our Boost Zone program, increasing activation and intensively placing additional cold drink equipment. We also significantly expanded our reach with hard discounters, an important retail segment in Europe.
These initiatives truly change the way we look at our global business, focusing on solutions that work best for our customers and for us. Though there is much more work to be done, we are moving toward our goal of becoming our customers’ most valued supplier by serving the customer smarter, faster and with more consistency than ever before.
OUR PEOPLE LEAD THE WAY
Central to our business are our people, as reflected in our third strategic priority: to attract, develop and retain a highly talented and diverse workforce. We are working aggressively to succeed against this objective, and a key element of our work in North
4 | Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc. 2007 Annual Report
Both “Red, Black, and Silver” and
the glacéau addition are excellent examples of the increasingly strong synergy that we have achieved with The Coca-Cola Company to enhance our brand portfolio.

                America is to standardize job responsibilities, improve training opportunities, and create a more visible career path for our employees. As we roll out our Operational Excellence and Customer Excellence programs, we are making good progress. In addition, we are implementing a talent management review process focused on succession planning and leadership devel- opment to enhance our bench strength and prepare the next generation of leaders at CCE.
The quality of leadership is one of my top priorities as we work to ensure that we have world-class leaders with substan-
In short, CRS is vital to the future of our business, and will have an increasingly important role in every area of our operations.
LOOKING AHEAD: PARTNERSHIP AND PROGRESS
We move into 2008 with an encouraging outlook, but it is important to remember that we have taken only the first steps in our journey to become a high-performing company that delivers sustained volume and profit growth. Much hard work remains as we strive to improve performance
tial career accomplishments and focused
expertise throughout our management
ranks. In 2007, we made an important
leadership addition, with Steve Cahillane
joining us as president of our European Group, replacing Shaun Higgins, who left the company at the end of 2007. Steve brings an in-depth understanding of the market in Europe, and his experience and leadership will serve us well.
OUR RESPONSIBILITIES TO THE COMMUNITIES WE SERVE
Beyond our three strategic objectives, there is one additional area of focus that is at the core of our efforts to create sus- tainable growth. We call it Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability (CRS), and we define it as where our business touches the world and the world touches our business. We have identified key CRS focus areas that are aligned with our strategic objectives, and established measurable targets and goals.
In fact, we continue to embed CRS into our business practices, most recently with the formation of Coca-Cola Recycling. Coca-Cola Recycling is a component of a system- wide effort that will develop cost-efficient solutions for reclaiming used beverage containers and establish recycling centers within our U.S. territories.
In addition, we have demonstrated our commitment to CRS through energy and water stewardship initiatives. For example, we are growing our hybrid truck fleet and installing energy-efficient lighting systems in many facilities. We also continue to develop economic and environmentally low-impact alternatives to traditional water treatment processes. In Europe, for example, our production plant in Grigny, France, has installed a natural plant-based filtration garden that will process the facility’s wastewater to a “rainwater” level of purity, like that found in France’s lakes and rivers.
across all beverage categories, work with increasing levels of effectiveness and efficiency, and manage through a continued high cost environment.
We believe we have the people, strategies, and tools that will enable us to succeed. In addition, we have a stronger, improved relationship with The Coca-Cola Company that is driven by a shared vision of excellence. From brand develop- ment to efficiency and effectiveness initiatives, we are now working together better than ever to achieve solutions to the challenges of our business. We share an understanding that we cannot take for granted the sale of even a single case of our products if we are to succeed.
Long term, our initiatives will drive consistent, sustainable growth, with 2008 performance in line with our long-term objectives. We will achieve the outstanding financial perfor- mance that is essential in creating a superior investment return for our shareowners – performance that will withstand the difficulties of uncertain economies and markets. We base our outlook on the strengths of our people and on the progress we have made in implementing our strategies. Throughout the company, there is an unwavering commitment to building a company that will deliver the value we expect and that our shareowners deserve.
We have the brands, the people, the resources, and the opportunities to accomplish great things in the months and years ahead. We appreciate your support, and we welcome you to join us on what we know will be an exceptional journey.
John F. Brock
President and Chief Executive Officer
CRS will have important
an increasingly
role in every area of our operations.
 Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc.
2007 Annual Report | 5
