                 In early 2006, I was honored by the confidence of this companyÕs board of directors as they named me Coca-Cola EnterprisesÕ president and chief executive officer. It is truly a privilege to lead this great company and its outstanding people.
Since assuming the position in May, I have talked and met with literally thousands of our employees throughout our company, listening to their ideas and concerns while learning first hand of their optimism for CCE and our business. I also shared their excitement as our company celebrated its 20th anniversary, and was inspired by their pride in working for Coca-Cola Enterprises.
This period of discovery has confirmed my long-held respect for CCE, formed during my more than 20 years in the beverage business as a customer of the company, a competitor, and an industry partner. As I worked with and competed with CCE, I recognized that CCE is the standard-bearer for the worldÕs greatest brand, Coca-Cola, in two of the most important markets in the world, North America and Europe. Today, looking at CCE from the inside, it is even clearer that the benefits of the Coca-Cola brand represent a tremendous asset and competitive advantage, strengthened by the talent and dedication of CCE people.
We have an exceptional organization with powerful scale and reach. Every day, we directly interact with millions of cus- tomers who benefit from our extraordinary brands, unmatched distribution system, and the skills and talents of our people. These employees, with the right tools and strategies, create a team that will consistently deliver the highest possible levels of day-to-day execution in the marketplace. This commanding com- bination gives me great optimism as we make strategic, long-term business improvements that will allow us to excel in a dynamic, changing market environment. Long term, these improvements
will allow us to achieve greater overall performance and consis- tency in our financial results.
This growth and consistency are imperative if CCE is to achieve our most important goal: driving shareowner value. Ultimately, achieving this objective requires fulfilling our vision for this company: to be the best beverage sales and customer service company. Reaching this vision will require a total, dedi- cated effort from every level of our company and world-class capabilities in revenue growth management, sales and cus- tomer service, and supply chain management.
To guide this effort, our leadership team has identified three strategic priorities:
¥ Strengthen our brand portfolio by growing the value of our existing brands and significantly expand our product portfolio; ¥ Transform our go-to-market model and improve efficiency
and effectiveness;
¥ Establish a winning, inclusive culture as we attract, develop,
and retain a talented, diverse workforce.
As we work toward our vision for CCE, these priorities
will drive our decisions and actions in the months and years ahead. In fact, we have already started the important work of integrating them into our day-to-day operations.
A Strategic Priority:
Strengthen Our Brand Portfolio
Amid the constant discussion of the many challenges we face in our business today, it is extremely important to remember that we work in a growing industry. In fact, we expect the non- alcoholic ready-to-drink category in North America to grow an average of 21Ú2 percent over the next three years, and, in Europe, we expect even stronger overall category growth.
John F. Brock
President and Chief Executive Officer
Letter to Our Shareowners
 A CASE FOR CHANGE
1

                2
Letter to Our Shareowners
This growth represents a clear opportunity, but if we are to seize our share Ð more than our share Ð we must carefully adjust our product portfolio to match the sources of that growth. Our portfolio remains heavily dependent on carbonated soft drinks (CSDs); however, over the next five years, a huge portion of volume growth in the nonalcoholic ready-to-drink category will come from water, teas and coffees, and other noncarbonated beverages.
This dichotomy creates a significant challenge. Carbonated beverages remain highly profitable and vital to our company; in fact, our brands constitute the strongest CSD portfolio in the world. The answer is to seek ways to improve the growth potential of our CSD portfolio while strategically broadening our presence in faster-growing beverage groups. This
However, shifts in consumer demand for increasingly specialized products, coupled with a rapidly evolving retail environment, have created new distribution realities that we cannot ignore. The proliferation of brands, packages, and products demands that we take a fresh look at how we bring each of our products to market. For example, the number of SKUs in our system has grown more than 50 percent since 2000. As a result, it is imperative that we find the best, most efficient distribution channel for each brand and package while meeting customer needs.
We have already moved forward in testing and implementing new delivery opportunities, challenging old norms and seeking new ways to improve distribution. Last year, we began distribution
requires building a strong market position in every beverage category in which we choose to compete, with a number one or strong number two market share. Achieving this goal is a difficult, challenging proposition but an achievable one, given our resources and renewed focus.
Ò...Creating enduring growth requires fulfilling our vision for this company: to be the best beverage sales and customer service company.Ó
tests with Wal-Mart and Valero, a large convenience store operator. These projects demonstrate our commitment to evolv- ing our go-to-market model to meet the demands of a changing marketplace. Over time, distribution innovation offers signifi- cant potential, and we will continue to seek opportunities that make sense for our customers and for CCE, even as we remain
We will reach this leadership posi-
tion by leveraging the strength of our powerful partnership with The Coca-Cola Company, which shares our dedication to product portfolio expansion and to competing more fully for every beverage purchase. We have established a clear pro- cess to identify new opportunities and to develop or acquire the brands and products needed to respond to those opportunities.
The Coca-Cola Company demonstrated its commitment early in 2007 with the announcement that it would acquire FUZE Beverages LLC, a maker of enhanced juices and teas. This acquisition supports other innovation in the growing tea category, such as the expanded Nestea line, the new Enviga green tea, and premium Gold Peak teas.
A Strategic Priority:
Transform Our Go-to-Market Model
For more than 100 years, since the earliest days of bottling, we and our predecessor bottlers have delivered Coca-Cola directly to our customers and merchandised it on their shelves. Direct store delivery, or DSD, is a business model that has worked remarkably well and, even today, remains the fastest and most powerful method of distributing a vast majority of our products.
Our DSD system offers several key advantages. It affords us continuous contact with our customers, giving us the ability to seize in-store placement opportunities every day. The unmatched speed and reach of our DSD system facilitates rapid entry into new categories, and is essential in establishing new products and implementing creative advertising approaches. For our customers, our DSD brands turn frequently and offer attractive margins with the advantage of virtually no retailer labor cost.
committed to DSD for a majority of our products.
As we refine DSD, we also will seek to drive improved efficiency and effectiveness in a variety of ways. Perhaps our most important opportunity is to drive greater consistency in our operations, regardless of geography. The CCE of today was created through a series of acquisitions and mergers, bringing together bottlers that shared a commitment to the basic ele- ments of success in our business: superior customer service and unequaled marketplace execution. By design, we operated these bottlers as decentralized, local businesses with a variety of operating practices and strategies, many of which continue
to influence our day-to-day business.
Through customer-focused standardization in our practices,
from job functions to route management, from plant operations to merchandising, we will enhance effectiveness and create greater productivity across the organization. For example, through a new program, Customer Centered Excellence (C.C.E.), we are implementing a host of initiatives to improve both our operating performance and our customer service. Also, we are moving forward with faster water production lines, more produc- tive selling systems for our customers, more productive delivery vehicles, and synergistic delivery and warehouse practices.
These and other initiatives under way represent only the beginning of a firm commitment to develop more effective, efficient operating methods and in turn, create sustainable profit growth. Rest assured, we are looking at our business with a renewed focus and a commitment to enhance performance over the long term.

                A Strategic Priority:
Establish a Winning, Inclusive Culture
As I met with many of our employees during my initial travels across the system, one clear fact emerged Ð at every level, our people are skilled, knowledgeable, and committed to the success of Coca-Cola Enterprises. There is a culture of com- peting and winning in the marketplace that is inspiring.
My job, and the job of every manager within this com- pany, is to ensure that our people have the tools they need to utilize their skills and abilities as effectively as possible. With the right tools and the right products, our people will win in the marketplace.
We have a large and powerful sales and customer service system with many advantages, but we have not tapped its full potential. By developing clear, concise job responsibilities, with goals that are clearly understood, and by improving communi- cation to share best practices, we will create improved customer satisfaction and generate increased productivity.
As we improve our efficiency and strive to enhance our working environment, some jobs will
change and responsibilities will adjust.
Within successful organizations, this
Challenges in North America
In North America, unexpected softness in the retail category late in the year, coupled with price increases to cover rising costs, created downward pressure on volume. For the full year, North American volume grew 1Ú2 percent.* We maintained con- sistency in our pricing plans, though competitive pressures in the water segment, coupled with a decline in higher-margin immediate consumption sales, created a negative mix effect and limited overall net pricing per case growth to 21Ú2 percent* for the full year.
Despite these challenging operating conditions, there were strong brand performances in North America. For example, Coca-Cola Zero lapped its successful introduction with strong growth in 2006, including year-over-year growth of more than 25 percent in the second half of the year.
The introduction of Vault early in the year proved highly successful with 20-ounce volume well above plan, giving us a strong point of distinction in convenience and immediate con- sumption channels in the highly popular citrus soda category.
process of change is a vital element of
their ability to meet the demands of con-
stantly evolving marketplace conditions.
Ultimately, our reorganization efforts will
reduce our employee base by 3,500 posi-
tions. This is a difficult but essential step
toward creating a stronger, more responsive organization that remains well positioned to seize the opportunities ahead.
As we evolve into a high-performing company, we will do so with a strong commitment to diversity and inclusion. These ele- ments are the heart of a winning organization, and it is essential that we do not have artificial limits or ceilings for our people.
A Look Back at 2006 and Ahead to 2007
In reviewing our performance, in 2006 we achieved comparable earnings per share ( EPS ) of $1.30, up 51Ú2 percent from the prior year, and comparable operating income of $1.5 billion, up 51Ú2 percent.* We attained these earnings levels even as we managed through the challenges of soft CSD trends across nearly all of our territories and a rising cost environment. The year was char- acterized by a resurgence of our business in Europe, with strong, balanced volume and pricing growth, and results in North America that were slightly below our initial expectations.
We also began to feel the impact of a rising cost environ- ment, as cost of goods sold per case rose 31Ú2 percent* for the year. These cost trends will rise to unprecedented levels in 2007 and continue to affect our business throughout the year.
ÒWe have a large and powerful sales and customer service system with many advantages, but we have not tapped its full potential.Ó
In addition, our energy drink portfolio, anchored by the Full Throttle and Rockstar brands, continued to achieve outstand- ing growth and achieved a share gain of 3 points for the year.
As we look ahead to 2007 in North America, we anticipate another year of strong innovation, with additional Vault flavors, an important addition to the Diet
Coke family, expanded distribution of Enviga teas, and the beginning of our U.S. distribution of 34-ounce bottles of AriZona teas. Continued innovation remains essential to our ability to reignite North American growth, and we are counting on The Coca-Cola Company to drive this program through internal development and acquisition.
For the full year, we anticipate difficult operating conditions as we deal with an unprecedented cost environment and ongo- ing shifts in consumer demand. Longer term, we continue to believe in the growth opportunities of the North American mar- ket. By executing against our key priorities, with a more balanced portfolio, a more normal cost environment, and improved service and efficiency, we will be poised to achieve significant operating improvement in the years ahead.
Renewed Growth in Europe
Built on a strategy of Òplaying to our strengths,Ó Europe reversed a pattern of declines and achieved balanced growth in 2006. Volume increased 31Ú2 percent for the year, with net pricing per case growth of 11Ú2 percent.* This is a very positive accomplish- ment and a testament to the dedication of all of our European managers and employees.
                                            3
                 
                Letter to Our Shareowners
There were several key factors in this performance. Our European team executed flawlessly in support of World Cup activities, creating benefits that extended well beyond the tournament itself. We also successfully introduced a Òthree- colaÓ strategy in Great Britain and Belgium with the introduction of Coca-Cola Zero, which outperformed our expectations in a variety of ways. Volume was well above plan, and the brand brought many consumers back to the CSD category. In fact, this fall, one large retailer found that 30 percent of Coca-Cola Zero buyers had not made a purchase in the soft drink catego- ry within the prior 12 weeks of purchasing Coca-Cola Zero.
In addition, the development of Òboost zonesÓ in France helped drive higher-margin immediate consumption growth of 5 percent for the year. The boost zone concept, which grew to more than 60 such zones last year, continues to be suc- cessful, and we will expand the concept to each of our territories in 2007.
Boost zones, World Cup activation, the benefits of favor-
Making the Transition: The Road Ahead
As we look forward, CCE faces several challenging business conditions that will affect our short-term results and make 2007 a year of transition as we work to implement new strate- gies and initiatives. To evaluate our progress, we believe four key metrics Ð revenue growth, EPS, operating income, and return on invested capital Ð provide the clearest view of our success and will form the basis of our guidance going forward.
Looking at these metrics for the long term, we believe our business can generate annual revenue growth of 4 per- cent to 5 percent each year, operating income growth of 5 percent to 6 percent, high single-digit earnings per share growth, and improve return on invested capital by approxi- mately 30 basis points or more annually.
While we will not realize these levels in 2007, principally due to the high level of raw material cost increases, we expect to realize growth in these ranges beginning in 2008. This view reflects our confidence, and I want to leave you with a few key reasons for that confidence.
able summer weather, product innovation, regulations that increased consumer options in the Netherlands helped create strong renewed growth in continental Europe. Each territory Ð Belgium, France, and the Netherlands Ð achieved strong volume and pricing growth and solid profit performance, with total continental European volume growth of 6 percent. We are encouraged by this renewed growth and the momentum it creates for 2007.
and new packaging
Our results in Great Britain Ð a territory
that represents nearly half of our European business Ð reflects different market conditions. Volume in Great Britain remained soft, despite the benefits of Coca-Cola Zero, reflecting persis- tent weakness in CSDs. For the year, Great Britain volume grew 1 percent. We will seize market opportunities with the introduc- tion of boost zones and gain the benefits of additional product innovation. However, we anticipate continued difficult market conditions in Great Britain in 2007.
A key to our success throughout Europe remains a stronger, more balanced brand and product portfolio. CSDs represent approximately 90 percent of our total portfolio even though the CSD share of the total nonalcoholic beverage category in Europe is less than 35 percent. Our goal is to move quickly to establish a strong position in categories that offer the highest value, as demonstrated by our agreement to expand distribution of Capri Sun juice drinks in pouches beyond Great Britain to France. We also continue to review additional opportunities in grow- ing categories.
Second, we will achieve improved efficiency and effectiveness with a firm commitment to the needs of our customers and with an open
mind about how we operate our business day-to-day.
And last, we have a strong, talented team that is anxious to win in the marketplace. We will support them by creating the structure that allows them to do their best, and by giving them
the tools, products, and strategies they need.
Our resources are exceptional. We have powerful brands,
the industryÕs strongest distribution system, and a dedicated and talented workforce. We are poised to seize the opportu- nities ahead, and I look forward to sharing our progress with you soon.
John F. Brock
President and Chief Executive Officer
ÒOur resources are exceptional. We have powerful brands, the industryÕs strongest distribution system, and a dedicated and talented workforce. We are poised to seize the opportuni- ties ahead...Ó
First, it is important to remember that we operate in a growing business Ð refreshment beverages Ð with significant opportunities. Our task is to capitalize on our strengths and evolve our resources to capture them, in part by creating a brand portfolio that is capable of generating the growth and financial consistency that we require.
 4
