Chairman's Letter
Dear Fellow Shareholders, Our Company achieved another year of solid results in 2013, improving profitability over the prior year despite continued macroeconomic challenges in Europe. A key element of our progress is the growth in beverage can volumes, as global shipments rose 5% in 2013, following a 5% increase in 2012 over 2011. The emerging market capacity expansion program we began in 2009 has been instrumental in achieving this result. We also made significant strides toward cost reduction and continuous operational improvement during the year, achieving gains through projects like restructuring and automation as well as process enhancements. We generated record free cash flow of $641 million in 2013 and returned $300 million to shareholders through the repurchase of 6.9 million shares, or 5% of the Company's outstanding common stock. Our strategy of focusing on metal packaging through a balanced portfolio of both products and geography will benefit our shareholders through continued significant free cash flow generation and increased profitability in the years ahead. As you will see in the following pages of this report, we have outlined how our Company views "value" from several perspectives, but all with an eye toward enhancing the lives of consumers through the convenience, safety, sustainability and other benefits of our metal packaging. An integral part of this value is to work closely with our customers to help build brands that will connect with consumers around the world. We have placed considerable focus on food cans in this year's report to highlight the many advantages this package brings to our daily lives. In the fourth quarter of 2013, we announced an agreement to acquire Mivisa Envases, SAU, the largest food can producer in both the Iberian Peninsula and Morocco, for 1.2 billion. We are excited about this strategic acquisition as it will substantially increase our presence in Spain, one of Europe's leading agricultural economies. We also believe that adding this well-performing business to our broad network of food can operations will result in compelling benefits to both customers and shareholders. The acquisition is currently being reviewed by the European Commission and other competition authorities and is expected to close this year. Over the past five years, we have continued to develop our beverage can platform in emerging markets, focused in particular on Brazil, China, Eastern Europe and Southeast Asia. Sales of beverage cans in developing markets accounted for 26% of total Company revenue and 46% of global beverage can revenue in 2013. With the commencement of production at our Teresina, Brazil facility during the first quarter of this year, the Company will have added 16 billion cans of annual capacity to our global beverage can footprint since 2009. This has been achieved through the installation of 21 new can production lines, including the construction of 13 new factories. During 2013, the Company added capacity in Cambodia, China, Malaysia, Thailand and Vietnam. Our decades-long leadership position in many of these markets has helped to facilitate this growth and has allowed us to be a preferred supplier to both multinational and regional beverage companies as they continue to promote their brands and expand their own presence. Our beverage can volume growth in each of the geographic areas in which we compete was in many cases higher than the market as a whole. Beverage can unit shipments increased 4% in Europe, 7% in Latin America and 19% in Asia Pacific. Our improved sales and income results in Europe were driven not only by the addition of the Company's new plant in Turkey, but also by robust shipments throughout the region and a focus on cost containment. Our Latin American platform, which includes Mexico and Colombia in addition to Brazil, benefited from an increasing preference for cans in the package mix and the ability to offer a variety of different can sizes. While the majority of our Asian beverage can business is derived from Southeast Asia, where we hold a leading position, we now have the capability to supply the Chinese market on a national basis. In North America, the only global beverage can market in which we compete that has not been growing, our 1% decline in shipments was better than the overall market. Nonetheless, we continue to cultivate areas of

growth such as craft brewers and energy drinks while at the same time lowering our manufacturing costs through increased operational effectiveness. Food cans represented 27% of the Company's sales in 2013, and we consider this business an integral part of our future. Our North American food can segment finished another strong year, benefiting from a balanced portfolio and continued manufacturing excellence. In my letter last year, I highlighted the Company's participation in an industry-sponsored, multi-platform marketing campaign to raise awareness of the benefits and advantages of canned food over frozen food as well as glass, paper, plastic and flexible package formats. The program officially rolled out in 2013 with help from our customer and retailer partners. In 2013, the Company's European food can business continued to face macroeconomic challenges, which were a significant factor behind an unfavorable product mix situation resulting in an increased consumer preference for smaller can sizes. We continue to address these challenges through our previously announced restructuring programs as well as additional and aggressive cost reduction initiatives. As the economies improve in Europe, the Company will be well positioned to serve our customers with a more efficient and nimble manufacturing base. The Company's non-reportable segment is comprised of our global aerosol, European specialty packaging and equipment manufacturing businesses. In 2013, our aerosol business performed well, marked by stable volumes in both North America and Europe and the realization of cost reductions resulting from the European restructuring actions taken in 2012. However, these gains were offset by continued weakness in European industrial specialty packaging demand. We will continue to identify and evaluate growth opportunities through line additions in existing plants, new plants in developing markets that we already know and understand, and potential strategic acquisitions in geographic areas and product lines in which we already operate. At the same time, we will be prudent stewards of the Company's capital,

and, as such, we rigorously examine each opportunity against a variety of metrics including economic profit, return on invested capital and cash flow generation. Every approved project is undertaken with an eye toward creating long-term shareholder value. Looking ahead, we believe that the Company is uniquely positioned to seize the opportunities offered by higher-growth developing markets. At the same time, in the more mature markets of North America and Western Europe, our focus on operational excellence and stringent cost controls and reductions will continue to support significant cash flow generation in these businesses. We are excited about 2014 and the prospects of the years ahead. Last year, I wrote that Chris Homfray stepped down in May 2012 as President of the European Division. It is with deep regret that I note his untimely passing in March 2013. Chris was an integral part of our senior management team since his appointment to that role in 2006, and he made a lasting impression on all of us who had the privilege to work with him. Chris's friendship, intellect and business acumen are greatly missed. I would like to express my utmost appreciation to Hugues du Rouret, who retired from our Board of Directors in February. During his 13 years of service, Hugues contributed greatly to the progress of the Company through his wisdom, insight and global perspective. We would also like to welcome Caesar Sweitzer as the newest member of the Board. Having spent more than 30 years in the banking industry, Caesar's knowledge of business and the financial markets will be very beneficial to the Company. In closing, I want to acknowledge and thank our 21,000 employees in 40 countries around the world. Their continued dedication, creativity and drive for excellence is the foundation for our success. Sincerely,

John W. Conway Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

