Dear Fellow Shareholders: 2010 was another outstanding year for Crown Holdings which reflects a number of positive factors. From an operations standpoint, I am extremely pleased to report that all of our business segments made important contributions with increased productivity and operating efficiencies. These improvements were driven by increased overall demand for our products, restructuring actions over the last several years that better aligned our production with demand, investments in technologies where appropriate and strict cost controls. Net sales for 2010 were $7,941 million compared to $7,938 million in 2009 with approximately 72% coming from outside the United States. The 2010 net sales reflect increased global sales unit volumes which offset the pass-through of lower raw material costs and unfavorable foreign currency translation. Volumes in our global beverage can business, which comprised 51% of net sales, were up 9% over 2009. We experienced increases across all of our geographic markets with particular contribution from the United States, Brazil, France, Jordan and Vietnam. Our global food can business, which makes up 31% of net sales, also had a solid year with improved profitability on volume that was up slightly over 2009 levels. Gross profit for 2010 improved to $1,250 million, or 15.7% of net sales, compared to $1,193 million, or 15.0% of net sales in 2009. The increase reflects overall global sales unit volume growth and productivity improvements which more than offset inventory repricing gains from 2009 that did not recur in 2010 and unfavorable foreign currency translation. To meet demand for beverage cans in the emerging markets, we initiated expansion projects in the growth markets of Brazil, China, Eastern Europe and Southeast Asia. This emerging market growth component of our business is both exciting and carefully calculated. These investments are being made based on long-term relationships with our multi-national and large regional beverage customers in markets that we have operated in for decades and know well. Equally important, each of these growth opportunities underwent rigorous analysis to support the proposition that our capital is being wisely and prudently invested. Let me briefly review our current international expansion activities. During 2010, we announced plans to add a second line to our beverage can plant in Estância, Brazil and construct a new plant in Ponta Grossa. In the northern part of the country we are planning a new beverage can plant in Belém. We are also making substantial investments to expand the production capacity at our beverage can end plant in Manaus. When all of these are completed and operating at maximum capacity, they are expected to add 3.5 billion units annually in Brazil to meet growing demand from consumers as well as conversions from three-piece cans and glass bottles to two-piece aluminum cans. In Eastern Europe, our new beverage can plant in Kechnec, Slovakia began production in the 2010 first quarter. To meet further demand in the region, we announced a second line that is expected to be commercialized in the second quarter of 2011. In Turkey we announced plans to add additional capacity to our two-line plant in Izmit and build a new plant in southern Turkey that we expect to be commercialized in the first half of 2012.

In Southeast Asia, we completed projects in late 2010 to add second beverage can production lines to our plants in Bangkok, Thailand and Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. We are also planning to add second production lines to our facilities in Hanoi, Vietnam and Phnom Penh, Cambodia, as well as expanding capacity at both of our plants in Ho Chi Minh City. China is also fertile ground for growth opportunities. We are expanding our production base there with four new beverage can plants that have been announced and are underway, including a facility in Hangzhou, located about 120 miles southwest of Shanghai, which is expected to be completed in June 2011; a facility in Putian in Fujian Province that is expected to be completed in the 2011 fourth quarter; a facility in Ziyang in Sichuan Province that is expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2012; and a facility in Foshan in Guangdong Province that is expected to be completed in the second quarter of 2012. This acceleration of growth activity has occurred in some of the most exciting and promising emerging markets in the world today. Importantly, the execution has been on time and on budget. When the current lineup of projects is completed by mid 2012, we will have built seven new beverage can plants and added 14 new production lines with 11 billion units of incremental capacity to our year-end 2010 levels, a 22% increase in our annual beverage can capacity. At the same time we are also focused on the mature, developed markets of North America and Western Europe. Consistent with our approach over the last several years, our efforts are focused on improving productivity and efficiency while reducing material and resource use and waste. We have also strengthened product mix in the developed markets by responding to demand for specialty sized beverage cans and improved convenience and distinctive packaging on the food can and aerosol sides of the business. These actions have enabled the businesses to generate increasing amounts of cash which in part go to fund our expansion opportunities. Prior to 2010, we were primarily focused on debt reduction to strengthen the Company's balance sheet and increase shareholder value. We now believe that the Company has reached an acceptable level of debt and that our growth projects will over time bring leverage down as a function of increased profitable revenue. After investing judiciously for expansion projects and enhanced operations, we took the additional step of repurchasing approximately five percent of the outstanding common shares of the Company in 2010. We continue to believe that we lead the industry with new innovative Brand-Building PackagingTM. Recently we were recognized with two Can of the Year awards for our easier to use EasyliftTM lid and a novel beverage can top launched at the 2010 FIFA World Cup games that pulls completely off, turning the can into a drinking cup. The new beverage can pull off end also won a top Gold Award for innovative beverage packaging in the alcoholic beverage category at the 2010 Starpack Industry Awards, and we won a specialty metal package Gold Award for a power tool container as well. We also use technology in our environmental sustainability efforts. As a global leader in the metal packaging industry we helped lead the way in reducing the amount of metal necessary to manufacture consumer packaging with our SuperEndTM beverage can end which uses ten percent less aluminum. Environmental sustainability is also supported by ongoing efforts to further lightweight containers, improve productivity, develop new manufacturing processes, raise packaging performance standards, increase functionality and improve safety throughout our operations. These improvements enable us to reduce the amount of energy, water and other resources and associated emissions necessary to manufacture our products.

In terms of sustainability, metal containers for food and beverages are the ultimate sustainable package on a number of levels. They are recyclable with no loss of metal and we expect that there will be viable primary and recyclable sources for the foreseeable future. Importantly, metal food and beverage cans are economical throughout the supply chain - they stack, ship, store and display easily, fill at high speeds and weigh much less for shipping than glass, with reduced breakage. Equally significant, metal cans protect food and beverages from spoilage in all climate conditions, preventing product waste and keeping consumers safe. With the current turmoil in certain countries in the Middle East and North Africa, there is understandable concern about spiking oil and gasoline prices and their effect on many of the world's economies. We are watching developments closely and, as in the past, will move swiftly to adjust our businesses based on economic developments on a market-by-market basis. Importantly, Crown draws strength from our diverse product lines, customer base and the geographies we serve. The emerging markets and metal packaging for food and beverages in general have fared relatively well during the recession and economic recovery and we believe our portfolio of metal packaging businesses is well positioned to grow and prosper in all of the regions in which we do business. 2010 was one of the best in Crown's history and we believe 2011 will be even better. We plan to continue prudently investing significant capital in promising growth projects and expect to generate substantial free cash to return to our shareholders through share repurchases. Alan Rutherford, our Vice Chairman, has decided not to stand for reelection to the Board of Directors. We are deeply indebted to Alan for his dedication and outstanding service to Crown over the last 36 years, including the last 20 years as a Board member. Alan has been invaluable in our efforts to create a leading global metal packaging company. We wish him well in his retirement. We have recently added two new members to our Board, James H. Miller, the Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of PPL Corporation, and Josef M. Müller, the retired Chairman and CEO of Nestlé's Greater China Region. Jim's extensive general business knowledge, judgment and experience will be great assets to Crown, and Josef's knowledge and perspective of Asia will bring us valuable insight and counsel for one of the most promising emerging markets in the world. I am confident in saying that Crown's best years are ahead of us and that would not be the case without the dedication of the more than 20,000 employees worldwide. From our people who make sure production lines run efficiently with reduced levels of resources and waste, to those who design the most technologically advanced metal containers, to those who make sure our customers have what they want, when they want it, and to everyone in between, our superior 2010 results could not have been achieved without their skill, dedication and devotion. Best regards,

John W. Conway Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer March 15, 2011

