Dear Fellow Shareholders: We are pleased to report that 2008 was one of our Company's best years. From an operating perspective, all of our businesses performed well. The long term growth strategy that we began to implement in 2001, and all that we have worked so hard to accomplish, once again came together in 2008. Net sales for the year grew to $8.3 billion, up 7.5% over the $7.7 billion in 2007 with approximately 74% of net sales coming from outside the United States. Demand for our products was strong in virtually every market in which we participate. We believe this serves to validate the decision we made seven years ago to focus on metal containers and closures for strategically selected markets. Volume in our global beverage can business, which comprised 47% of net sales, was up 4% over 2007. The investments in new capacity that we have been making over the last several years, principally in the growing markets of South America, North Africa, the Middle East, China and Southeast Asia, all made significant contributions in 2008. Our food can businesses around the world, which make up 34% of net sales, also had a solid year with volume increases over the prior year. Pricing for our products in 2008 remained firm and we were able to charge fairly in order to recover costs and continue to improve return for our shareholders. Importantly, we were able to pass through price fluctuations for steel and aluminum on a global basis as they impacted us. We have been convinced for a number of years that the unpredictability and volatility of commodity prices pose significant financial risks to the Company and that Crown should not be betting on future prices. We believe mitigating these risks is the most prudent way to run the business and intend to continue this practice. Gross profit for 2008 rose $195 million, or 19%, to $1.2 billion over the $1.0 billion in 2007. The improvement primarily reflects capacity expansions and numerous other capital projects as well as operating improvements designed to increase efficiencies and reduce cost. Improving operating efficiencies and productivity have long been important aspects of operating successfully in the can industry. As a result of our ongoing efforts in response to these market driven necessities, we believe the Company is among the best operators in our industry as measured by any accepted standard. Consistent with the need to continually improve operations, we realigned our North American Food and Beverage businesses in 2008 by closing two facilities and moving the production and some of the equipment to other plants in the region and transferring other equipment to growing markets overseas. We always regret the need to close any plant, but these actions were necessary to better match our capacity to geographic market demand and were consistent with the Company's strategy to lower costs and enhance returns on all deployed assets.

We also significantly strengthened the Company's balance sheet in 2008. With cash generated from operations, we reduced net debt $239 million to $2.7 billion. The reduction of net debt combined with increased operating earnings enabled us to reduce net leverage by 23% in 2008, significantly improving the company's credit quality and liquidity. Our 2008 results underscore the strength of our diverse product lines, customer base and the geographies we serve. Metal packaging for food, beverages, personal care, home and industrial use was once again favored by our customers and their ultimate consumers. We believe that in difficult economic times, demand for food and beverage cans grows as consumers eat and drink more at home. From our customers' standpoint, cans are low cost and can be filled at high speeds with very little spoilage. Equally important, they transport easily and cheaply and protect the integrity of food, beverage and other products for long periods of time. Protecting our environment is also a high priority for the Company. In 2008, our commitment was recognized by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency for promoting resource conservation principles that better protect the environment. Fundamental to our environmental commitment is the high degree of sustainability of metal cans themselves. They are produced from viable sources of primary and recycled materials and can be infinitely recycled without loss of quality. Crown is also an industry leader in source reduction initiatives such as our patented SuperEndTM beverage can ends. SuperEndsTM use 10% less metal than traditional beverage can ends and are available to beverage can customers on six continents. Since its introduction in 2001, Crown and its licensees have produced more than 200 billion SuperEndsTM, saving more than 49,000 metric tons of aluminum, over 800 metric tons of coatings and more than 400,000 metric tons of greenhouse gases, which equates to the annual emissions of 73,000 cars. In 2008, we signed a license agreement with Toyo Seikan Kaisha, Ltd. for the manufacture and sale of SuperEndsTM in Japan, the second major licensee of this technology in that market. Looking ahead, our current capacity is essentially sold out and we have additional capacity coming online in 2009 from a new beverage can plant in Brazil and from a new beverage can line in Spain. By continuing to coordinate our focused investment policy with our knowledge of metal packaging and what we believe to be the most promising geographic markets, we expect solid organic growth in 2009 and beyond. In December, Alan Rutherford, Vice-Chairman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, decided to retire as CFO. Tim Donahue, formerly Senior Vice President - Finance and an 18 year veteran of the Company, was promoted to Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We are deeply indebted to Alan for his dedication and outstanding service to the Company over the last 34 years. He has been an indispensable partner to me as we worked together, along with the Crown team around the world, to create the world's leading metal packaging company. Fortunately, Alan has agreed to remain on our Board of Directors.

In closing, we are committed to succeed, whatever the future may bring. Undoubtedly, 2009 is going to be a challenging year. Nonetheless, we are prepared and confident that your Company will continue to grow and prosper by following sound, common sense business principles that have been tested in all economic times.

Best regards,

John W. Conway Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer March 16, 2009

