Dear Fellow Shareholders: We are pleased to report another year of solid results for Crown. Net sales in 2006 grew to $6,982 million, up 5% over the prior year. Segment income for 2006 increased 2% over the previous year to $576 million. It is important to provide some perspective that we believe will magnify the positive achievements of our team and organization. We faced two significant challenges during 2006. There was a historically sharp increase in commodity prices, particularly aluminum and steel in Europe. The Company also experienced a loss of beverage can volume in North America. It is said that the mark of a good team is its ability to overcome adversity. We are proud to say that we did this, achieving overall positives for 2006 and, importantly, positioning the Company to have an even better 2007. We effectively addressed the pricing issues with our customers in the product and geographic markets that experienced commodity cost increases and expect to benefit from those actions in 2007. In North America, we rebuilt our beverage can volume position and, at the same time, increased specialty sized cans in our product mix. Equally important, our operating performance was excellent. Costs were controlled, productivity improved, capital expenditures were strategically made for continued organic growth, and capacity additions and new product introductions went smoothly. Worldwide, our food can business had a solid year with volumes up 2% in 2006. The results reflect an especially strong year for our North America Food business with sales and segment income growth of 6% and 67%, respectively. These contributions were partially offset by Food Europe, which was impacted by weather related issues and the increased input costs that, as I mentioned, have been addressed. We are particularly pleased with the improved performance of our North American food business. We have been working hard over the past several years to achieve best-in-class status in terms of product mix, customer diversity and profitability performance. We believe we have reached that level. Weather will periodically affect the food can business; however, our results on a global basis demonstrate the strength of the Company's geographically diverse portfolio. Overall, demand in the markets we serve is generally quite strong. Our beverage can capacity is essentially sold out, so during 2006 we invested to meet growing demand by adding significant production capacity to our global portfolio. With the sharp increase in the price of aluminum, the demand for our SuperEndTM, which reduces the use of aluminum in a beverage can end, is also growing. To meet this rising demand, we increased capacity in our U.S. beverage can plants to allow us to fully convert North America to SuperEndTM and to support our South American and European beverage can business with both SuperEndTM and other beverage can ends. Seventy percent of our sales come from outside the United States, and we have been actively working with our customers in growing markets around the world. In 2006, we relocated a Brazilian plant and expanded its capacity. We are in the process of investing in even more capacity in 2007 to continue capitalizing on this fast growing market.

In Southeast Asia, we have been producing beverage cans for more than 25 years. To meet growing demand in this region, Crown began construction of a new beverage can plant in Cambodia, which is expected to begin production in the third quarter of 2007. We also added a second line in our Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam plant, which will more than double our production capability in the southern part of that country and provide significant specialty can capacity for the rapidly growing Vietnamese market. Our European Division successfully completed a major beverage can expansion in the Middle East during 2006 to meet strong demand. The additions include a new plant in Tunisia, a third production line in Jordan and the installation of new production lines in Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates. We have been in the Middle East for more than 25 years, and these additional investments further solidify our leading position in this fast growing region. In North America, we completed a major expansion of our IdealTM vacuum closure business in the fourth quarter of 2006. This product is a composite of plastic and metal, which provides significant marketing and performance advantages. Growing demand for the IdealTM closure has also driven the need for another such expansion, which is expected to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2007. Since 2000, we have been stressing the importance of our technological leadership in metal packaging. We continue to see this as a pillar for future growth because of the growing trend among consumer products companies to use shaped metal cans and sophisticated paints and finishes to build their brands, distinguish their products at point-of-sale, generate excitement for special events and milestones and hamper international pirating. Our technology and design capabilities were recognized in 2006 with numerous industry awards including two prestigious "Cans of the Year 2006" awards. The distinctive Waistline® low-calorie food can we designed for Cross & Blackwell received the Silver Award in the Food category. It utilizes both our can shaping and EOLE IIITM easy open-end technology. A unique soccer ball shaped aerosol can we designed for The Gillette Company to leverage its World Cup sponsorship won the Bronze Award in the Promotional Category. Several years ago, we determined that Crown would be a much stronger company by focusing on being a low-cost producer of metal packaging with leading research and development capabilities and a diverse product and geographic footprint. In 2006, we completed a multi-year process of transformation by exiting the last remaining under-performing plastic packaging businesses in our portfolio. We sold our plastic bottle business in France and Italy, our European cosmetics business and Risdon USA, our North American cosmetics packaging business. Crown is now focused almost entirely on metal packaging. Sustainability is an issue of increasing importance to Crown, brand owners and retailers around the world. Fortunately, metal packaging has always been a very environmentally friendly and sustainable product. A significant amount of renewable energy such as hydroelectric power is used to produce aluminum. Additionally, the supply of basic materials is very extensive, with known bauxite, iron ore and limestone reserves for the next 300, 700 and 1000 years respectively. Importantly, much of these

reserves will not be needed for rigid containers, as metal packaging is already recycled at increasingly high levels and can be recycled time after time without loss of quality, in that the recycled materials are identical to the original steel and aluminum products. This is not a new issue for us. Crown and others have been working for many years to make metal packaging even more sustainable. Earlier I noted that beverage can ends made with our SuperEndTM require less aluminum. Since we first introduced SuperEndTM in 2001, Crown and its licensees have produced over 100 billion SuperEndsTM, saving more than 30,000 tons of aluminum and avoiding the production of 240,000 tons of greenhouse gas emissions. The European Metal Packaging Association (EMPAC) recently studied and reported on the industry's progress toward improved sustainability. It showed that over the last 20 years the metal packaging industry in Europe has produced 57% more food and beverage cans while utilizing 20% less metal to make those containers. At the same time, net CO2 emissions were reduced by 50% and net energy consumption was cut by 60%. There has been similar progress in North America and other regions of the world. It is clear that the metal packaging industry is working hard to become even more sustainable, and Crown is determined to continue that progress. We have also benefited greatly from an outstanding twelve member Board of Directors which is comprised of ten outside directors. This year, two of those directors, Marie Garibaldi and Harold Sorgenti, are retiring and will not stand for reelection. We acknowledge their tremendous contributions to the Company, thank them for their valuable expertise and guidance and wish them well. I would like to thank our 22,000 associates around the world for their professionalism, passion and determination during a challenging year. They exemplify Crown's dedication to manufacturing and service excellence, to innovative new products and processes and to flexible and rapid responses to the everchanging markets we serve around the world. Through their tireless efforts, 2007 is shaping up to be a good year and one we think will continue Crown's resurgence as one of the world's preeminent metal packaging companies.

Best regards,

John W. Conway Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer March 16, 2007

