Chairman's Letter
Dear Fellow Shareholders, Our Company achieved excellent results in 2014 in spite of challenges in certain of our markets. Net sales grew 5% compared to 2013, segment income increased 9% and net income per diluted share before certain items rose 14%. For the second year in a row, we generated more than $600 million in free cash flow. Underlying these positive results, we experienced global volume growth in each of our major product categories--beverage cans, food cans and closures. These gains support Crown's strategy of enhancing the lives of consumers globally through the convenience, safety, sustainability and overall value inherent in our metal packaging. We are also pleased that in April 2014 we completed the acquisition of Mivisa Envases, SAU, the largest food can producer in both the Iberian Peninsula and Morocco. The acquisition substantially increases our presence in Spain, one of Europe's leading agricultural economies. The integration of Mivisa with our existing broad network of food can operations is complete, and the utilization of Mivisa's operationally excellent and highly efficient facilities is benefiting both customers and shareholders. As you will see in the following pages of this report, we have emphasized the fundamentally balanced nature of the Company and our approach to business. This balance is reflected in what we believe are industry-leading product, customer and geographic portfolios. It is also reflected in our financial decision making, as we carefully consider balancing growth and investing in the future of the business with returning capital to shareholders. We are excited that in February 2015 the Company completed our acquisition of EMPAQUE, a leading Mexican manufacturer of aluminum cans and ends, bottle caps and glass bottles for the beverage industry, from Heineken N.V. Accompanying the transaction are long-term supply agreements with Heineken affiliates, which will provide a stable cash flow base. The addition of EMPAQUE, one of the top 10 global beverage can producers, significantly increases our presence in the growing Mexican market. The acquisition of EMPAQUE will substantially enhance our strategic position in beverage cans, both regionally and globally. In North America, Crown will become the second-largest beverage can producer, supplying over 24 billion cans annually to a balanced portfolio of beer and soft drink customers. On a worldwide basis, Crown will supply over 62 billion cans annually, representing 20% of all beverage cans globally. Importantly, Crown will bolster our already industry-leading geographic footprint, as over 50% of our beverage can revenue will be attributable to the faster-growing developing regions. We expect this trend to continue, as beverage consumption growth often outpaces a country's GDP expansion. In addition, we believe that several markets will continue to experience a package mix shift away from competing packages toward cans, driven by consumers' appreciation of the inherent benefits of convenience, increased usage occasions, quick-chilling and recyclability that cans offer. Our beverage can businesses, which represented 53% of Company sales, performed well in 2014. In Europe, segment income increased over 2013 levels, as robust volume growth in the United Kingdom and Spain and significant cost reduction and operational improvement initiatives more than offset the challenges posed by record-high aluminum delivery premiums and softened demand in parts of the Middle East due to ongoing conflicts. In the Americas, double-digit volume growth in Brazil and Colombia and increases in Mexico and Canada more than offset a decline in shipments in the United States resulting from decreased consumption of carbonated soft drinks. Our new plant in Teresina, Brazil successfully commenced operations during the year to meet our customers' strong demand. Continuing double-digit volume growth in our Asia Pacific business was led by particularly robust shipments in Vietnam and Cambodia. With food cans and closures representing 34% of sales in 2014, the Company is the world leader in this market. In Europe, in addition to our integration of Mivisa, underlying volumes were strong, as good weather resulted in excellent results in Spain, France, the United Kingdom and Germany. The harvest in the United States was also favorable, so that stable volumes combined with good cost performance led to another year of solid results. In

0

2

my letter last year, I highlighted the Company's participation in an industry-sponsored, multi-platform marketing campaign in North America to raise awareness of the benefits and advantages of canned food over frozen food as well as glass, paper, plastic and flexible packaging formats. Rolled out in 2013, the program gained momentum in 2014 with increasing support from our customer and retail partners. The Company's global aerosol, European specialty packaging and equipment manufacturing businesses fall into our non-reportable segment. In 2014, the aerosol business performed well but was met with the challenge of a decrease in the use of shaving foam and gel due to a consumer trend toward shaving less frequently. Our European industrial specialty packaging business continued to face weakness in demand. We have agreed to sell four industrial specialty packaging plants to Huber Packaging Group of Germany as soon as applicable local consultation procedures and necessary formalities and conditions have been completed. Looking ahead, we are excited about 2015. In addition to the strategic and financial benefits that EMPAQUE will provide, our businesses around the world are performing well and the underlying fundamentals are sound. A number of factors continue to support the growth of beverage cans in virtually every market in which we compete. Food can demand in developed markets has remained very steady, and we expect this trend to continue given the inherent benefits of this package. Operationally, our Company is excellent, with an unrelenting focus on continuous improvement and cost reduction. A challenge in 2015 is the recent strengthening of the U.S. dollar against currencies in countries in which we do business outside the United States, especially the euro. When the dollar strengthens, the reported revenues and earnings of our foreign subsidiaries are lowered as local currency amounts translate into fewer U.S. dollars. However, we do engage extensively in transactional hedging throughout the world to protect our businesses from variations in cost or selling prices as a consequence of currency changes. In addition, we strive to position the Company's debt in the countries where we are doing business, resulting in what is sometimes referred to as a natural hedge. In terms of capital allocation, we expect that our primary focus in 2015 will be to utilize our significant free cash flow to reduce leverage following our two recent acquisitions. We also intend to continue to selectively identify and evaluate growth opportunities through capacity additions in existing plants or new plants in developing markets that we already know and understand. We will examine each opportunity against a variety of metrics, and we will undertake every approved project with an eye toward creating long-term shareholder value. Earlier this year, Ray McGowan retired as President of the Americas Division, a position he had held since 2008. Prior to that, he led the Company's North American food business. I want to thank Ray for his leadership in continuously improving our North American businesses while significantly expanding our beverage can operations in Brazil. On January 1, 2015, Djalma Novaes assumed leadership of our Americas Division. Djalma was most recently President, Beverage Cans South America. In closing, I want to acknowledge and thank our 23,000 employees in 40 countries around the world. Their continued dedication, creativity and drive for excellence are the foundation for our success. Sincerely,

JOHN W. CONWAY

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
0 3

