Dear Fellow Shareholders: We are pleased to report that 2007 was another year of continued success and improvement. Net sales, 73% of which came from outside the United States, rose to $7.7 billion, up 11% over last year. Gross profit for the year grew to $1,027 million which was a 15% increase over 2006 gross profit. In addition, we generated in excess of $500 million in cash from operations which was used to fund new capital projects, buy back common shares and further deleverage our balance sheet. We believe the positive performance in 2007 validates the strategy we have been pursuing for several years. For the benefit of those newer to the Crown story, let me provide some perspective. Approximately seven years ago we decided to focus on sustainable rigid metal packaging across a diversified base of end users of beverage, food, personal care and household products around the world. Therefore, we divested our plastic container and plastic closure businesses as well as our health and beauty care packaging businesses. In addition, we exited certain geographic markets which were underperforming. We also committed ourselves to improving income performance. In the mature markets of North America, we focused on carefully managing our pricing policy and costs, streamlining operations and frugally investing our capital in targeted growth and increased efficiency projects. We have continued to increase the Company's sales and profits in fast growing emerging markets using our outstanding global footprint and extensive market knowledge and experience. Additionally, we dedicated ourselves to be the best in each of our core businesses by all objective measures and to support our worldwide operations with an outstanding research and development capability, helping us to reduce product and process costs and develop new products to build customers' brands. We are very pleased that in 2007, the results turned out as we had generally expected at the outset of the year. Importantly, we achieved these excellent results through solid volumes across our product lines and in certain cases, such as international beverage cans, we benefited from significant organic volume growth. Equally important, productivity also improved throughout the Company. Additionally, we maintained pricing discipline and, where necessary, we raised prices in response to rising commodity costs. At the same time, our use of capital to achieve these results continued to be carefully and efficiently managed. In the Americas, our beverage can group had a tremendous year. With solid volumes and productivity gains, this business delivered a 14% increase in segment income. Our North America Food Can business produced another outstanding year. It benefited from productivity gains and an improved product mix driven by the contribution from a major expansion of our IdealTM vacuum closure business which was completed in the fourth quarter of 2006. These factors, together with an increase in volume, translated into year-over-year growth in segment income. To meet the growing demand for the IdealTM closure, we invested in additional capacity for this marketing and performance enhancing product.

The European Beverage segment grew revenues 22% in 2007 over 2006 reflecting an 11% volume increase and the pass through of higher costs. Importantly, the new capacity that we have been adding in the Middle East and Europe made accelerating contributions during the year. The result was a very healthy increase in this business' segment income for 2007 which reflects our longstanding effort to invest in the growing markets of that region. In 2007, our European Food Can business was negatively affected by the coldest, rainiest growing season in quite a while. Despite the poor weather, volume declined by only 3% for the year compared to 2006. Nevertheless, we were able to manage through this unusual event and deliver 2007 segment income that was in line with the prior year. Our operations in the Asia-Pacific region had a very good 2007 with increased volumes and segment income. Early in the year, commercial production began on the second beverage can line we installed in our Ho Chi Minh City plant in Vietnam. Additionally, in the fourth quarter, we began shipping cans to customers from our new beverage can facility in Cambodia. The Company's industry leading research and technology team once again delivered award winning designs for our customers, including fourteen "Best in Metal" Awards from the Metal Packaging Manufacturers' Association. We received the Supreme Gold Award, the competition's highest honor, for our EasyliftTM easy-open end technology which the Association named a "step change in consumer openability for food cans." These awards demonstrate Crown's continued leadership in innovation, design and functionality for rigid metal packaging as well as our ability to commercialize new products and processes. The metal packaging industry and Crown continued to make progress across all dimensions of sustainability. Metal packaging is by its very nature a sustainable container. It prevents spoilage and waste because it provides product protection against light, oxygen and harmful microbes while delivering longer shelf life to retailers. Cans are the most economical container within a manufacturer's supply chain. They have the fastest filling rates and they require minimal transport packaging due to their inherent rigidity. Equally important, aluminum and steel packaging can be recycled almost infinitely without loss of quality while the recycling itself saves significant amounts of energy. The metal packaging community is working hard to enhance sustainability even further and Crown is committed to be part of that program. Recently, Frank Mechura retired as the President of the Americas Division. We are grateful to Frank for his long and dedicated service to the Company. He left the division, now under the leadership of Ray McGowan, in excellent shape. With Frank's retirement, each of our operating divisions - Americas, AsiaPacific and Europe - had respective presidents retire over the prior fifteen months and be replaced with highly qualified and experienced operating managers. The 2007 results are a testament to the strength and depth of our global management team as well as the dedication and hard work of our 22,000 associates around the world.

Looking to 2008, we see continuing momentum. Demand in the markets we serve is strong. Our beverage can capacity is essentially sold out in Europe so we are investing to add new capacity in Spain. In addition, increased capacity utilization in Southeast Asia and the Middle East are expected to make further meaningful contributions in 2008. We have also begun construction of a new beverage can plant in the fast growing Brazilian market, which is expected to come on line later in the year. All in all, 2008 is unfolding as another good year for Crown Holdings.

Best regards,

John W. Conway Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer March 14, 2008

