CROWN

Dear Fellow Shareholders: Once again I am pleased to report a year of substantial improvements and to advise you that Crown finished 2005 a much stronger Company. Overall, we achieved our fourth consecutive year of significant progress on the long term strategy for growth of the Company's core business and increased economic profit that we initiated in 2001. Our business performed solidly despite significantly higher steel, aluminum, energy and transportation costs. By working closely with our customers, emphasizing our World Class Performance system and being ever vigilant on controlling costs, we continued to generate free cash flow and this along with proceeds from divestitures enabled us to further delever the Company and strengthen our balance sheet. Net sales in 2005 grew to $6.9 billion, a 5.8% increase over the prior year. Through increased operating efficiencies, productivity gains across the Company and lower pension expenses, gross profit grew to $900 million, up 11.8% over 2004, and gross profit as a percentage of net sales expanded 70 basis points to 13.0%. Consistent with our vision and strategy to maintain focus on Crown's core rigid metal packaging businesses around the world, we sold our non-core Global Plastic Closures business in the fourth quarter and utilized the net proceeds to repay debt and for growth oriented capital investments. Following the sale, we completed a milestone $2.4 billion debt refinancing plan structured to reduce our interest expense, improve cash flow and liquidity, and extend the maturity of our debt. By doing so, we provided the Company with a stable capital structure with an appropriate amount of pre-payable debt for added future flexibility. Volumes in all three of our operating divisions, the Americas, Europe and Asia Pacific, firmed up in 2005 which resulted in higher net sales across these business segments. In the Americas division, 2005 revenues grew 5% and gross profit was up just over 18%. This was primarily due to increased operating efficiencies and productivity gains. The European division's net sales and gross profit increased 5% and 9.3%, respectively. In the Asia Pacific division, continued volume and market growth were reflected in its revenues growing 17% over the year, exceeding our expectations. Compared to prior year, gross profit was down 1% reflecting the competitive Chinese market in this fast growing and still developing region. We have been serving the Middle East and Asia Pacific markets for over 25 years, regions which provide exciting opportunities as economic growth and consumer spending accelerates. To capture more of this growth, we added beverage can capacity in Tunisia and announced plans to expand our facilities in Jordan, Dubai, Saudi Arabia, and Vietnam, and to build a new facility in Kazakhstan. More recently, we announced plans to build a new beverage can plant in Cambodia.

CROWN

These actions will ensure we can continue to meet the growing needs of our customers across the Middle East and Asia for world-class cans, ends and technical support. Technology and innovation are at the core of Crown's success. We believe they enable us to provide added value to our customers, which in turn improves margins and profitability. By innovating, we are able to enhance product mix, differentiate our products from our competition and reduce the material that we use in our products. For example, in the current environment of increased aluminum prices, our patented SuperEnd® technology has become even more important. Late in the year, we entered into a licensing agreement with Showa Aluminum Can Corporation to produce and sell SuperEnd® beverage can ends in Japan, a new market for Crown's products. We believe SuperEnd® is becoming the global standard for beverage can ends and to date more than 60 billion SuperEnd® ends have been sold around the world by Crown and our licensees. Crown has always taken pride in our technological leadership in the industry. Our proprietary and award winning metal-shaping technology is unique to the industry and is finding increasing favor with our customers. This brand building packaging technology is currently being used for beverage cans, food cans and aerosol containers for both consumer and industrial products as a way for our customers to distinguish their products on the shelf and as a deterrent to counterfeiters in international markets. Equally important, this allows us to improve margins through a higher value-added product. One of Crown's technologically advanced aerosol packages was recently honored by The Metal Packaging Manufacturers' Association with the industry's most prestigious award, the Supreme Gold Award for uniquely shaped cans with a specially embossed finish. The can was designed for launch of a reformulated version of SICO's KING tire repair and inflator. Our new metal vacuum closure technology is also gaining market acceptance. We have had a great deal of success with our IDEAL Closure, a composite of plastic and metal, which gives the customer significant marketing and performance advantages. We are also excited about the new family of baby food metal closures that are being introduced in Europe this year. During the year, we strengthened our Board of Directors with the addition of Jim Turner, the former Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Dr. Pepper/Seven Up Bottling Group. With his first hand knowledge and proven track record in the beverage industry, Jim has already provided us with important insight into future growth opportunities as well as in other important areas.

CROWN

We take pride in our achievements during 2005 and recognize the necessity for further improvements in operating efficiencies and productivity gains as we move into 2006. I am very proud of our employees around the world. They once again demonstrated passion and commitment and we are grateful for their hard work, and the strong results they produced in 2005. We are focused on operational excellence, world class manufacturing performance and producing the highest quality products for our customers and are also committed to Crown's heritage of innovative brand building packaging and technologically advanced solutions to our customers' ever changing packaging needs. Looking ahead, we are excited about our organic growth opportunities in the emerging markets of the Middle East, Southeast Asia, China and Eastern Europe. At the same time, we recognize the fast changing world marketplace we operate in and the demand customers, suppliers and competitors put on us to change with it.

We are sure your company is equal to the task.

Thank you for your interest and support.

Best regards,

John W. Conway Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer March 20, 2006

