2012 Chairman's Letter
Dear Fellow Shareholder, Our results for 2012 once again demonstrate the essential nature of the metal packaging products we offer and the Company's ability to prosper in all environments. While our operating results for 2012 did not meet our initial expectations, primarily due to the effects of unfavorable weather and continued economic weakness in Europe, we successfully adapted to these changing circumstances and exceeded our cash flow target for the year. We returned over $250 million of that cash to shareholders with the repurchase of 5% of the Company's outstanding common shares, and in 2013 we look forward to even greater cash flow as we see increased contributions from our recent investments in capacity expansions and restructuring actions. Over the last four years, we have successfully implemented an ambitious capacity expansion program in our beverage can businesses, primarily focused on growing markets in Asia Pacific, Brazil and Eastern Europe. Sales of beverage cans in developing markets accounted for 47% of our total beverage can sales in 2012. With a 5% increase in global sales unit volumes, driven by growth of 16% in Asia Pacific and 15% in Brazil, beverage cans accounted for 55% of our total revenue in 2012. Our Asia Pacific beverage can business has grown to such an extent that we began reporting the region's results as a separate business segment in the fourth quarter of 2012. In 2013, we are expecting increased volume and contribution from the projects we completed in 2012, including three new beverage can plants in China, a new plant in Turkey, a production line in Cambodia, capacity expansion in Vietnam, and the integration of a beverage can facility in Vietnam that we acquired in the fourth quarter of 2012. In the first half of 2013, we expect to commercialize new beverage can plants in Cambodia, Thailand and Vietnam and add second beverage can production lines in two existing plants in China and Malaysia. These, as with all of our capacity additions, are being built to meet demand from global and regional beverage companies. Their growth, in turn, is being driven by the growing and aspiring middle class in these markets. At the same time, we are benefiting from our customers' increasing use of the two-piece beverage can to package their products. Food cans, which remain the safest and most economical way to deliver nutritious and convenient food to consumers, accounted for 29% of our global revenue in 2012. Our North American Food can and closures business turned in another strong performance and we believe remains best-in-class in terms of operating efficiency, margins and profitability. But we can do better. In an effort to spur consumer demand for canned food products we are participating in an industry-sponsored, multiplatform marketing campaign to educate and raise awareness of the benefits and advantages of canned foods over frozen, glass, paper, plastic and flexible packaged food. Simply put, they are better for you, are already prepared and ready to eat or add to a recipe, and need no added preservatives because the airtight can protects them from oxygen, germs and light. This campaign is being coordinated with the fillers and grocery retailers who appreciate the fact that cans ship and warehouse easily, need no refrigeration or freezer, have a longer shelf life, stack and display easily and do not break or shatter. During 2012, Europe experienced continued macroeconomic challenges as well as one of the coldest, wettest summers on record. Our food can business was not immune to these developments and, in response, our European Food can and closures business took swift action to lower its manufacturing and inventory levels. We began executing a restructuring plan to better align capacity, and as a result, we expect to begin realizing cost savings and productivity increases in the second half of 2013. With more normalized weather patterns in 2013 we would expect a better harvest and filling levels and demand from food canners to increase. Our non-reportable segment, which now is comprised of our global aerosol, European specialty packaging and equipment manufacturing businesses, posted lower net sales and volumes in 2012. The decrease reflects lower consumer spending for discretionary consumer and household products as well as lower relative demand for paint. With an eye toward increased profitability and operating efficiencies, we initiated restructuring efforts around these businesses in 2012 and expect to see the benefits in the second half of 2013 with the full annualized cost savings coming in 2014.

2

We will continue to seek growth as opportunities arise through line additions at existing plants, new plants in developing markets that we already know and understand, and potential opportunistic acquisitions in geographic areas and product lines in which we already operate. However, I want to underscore that we always endeavor to be prudent stewards of the Company's capital. We require all of our growth plans to undergo rigorous and continuous analysis and significant risk return hurdles, all with the idea of increasing long-term shareholder value. In 2012, we canceled or postponed four previously announced capital expansion projects in response to changing circumstances. Sustainability is another important focus for Crown from both an operational and product perspective. On the manufacturing side, our relentless focus on safety, innovation and efficiency has the inherent benefit of increasing the overall sustainability of the manufacturing process. Our efforts to drive down costs increase our energy efficiency, lower transportation expenses and reduce waste. Our products are naturally sustainable from multiple standpoints and, when compared with other packaging materials, steel and aluminum cans win hands down. I have already noted that metal cans are the ultimate container for preventing food spoilage and do so without preservatives, refrigeration or freezing. Unlike many other materials, metal is 100% recyclable, and 75% of all primary aluminum produced in the last 150 years is still in use and available through recycling. Interestingly, emerging and developing markets have the highest recycle rates for metal cans. Our sustainability efforts also are reflected in our commitment to our employees and the diverse communities in which we operate. This enables the Company to attract, protect, develop and maintain the highest quality local workforces around the world. I have spoken many times over the years about Crown's industry leadership in technology, and we have dedicated two pages to it in this annual report. From our SuperEnd® beverage ends that reduce aluminum use by 10%, to shaped food, beverage and aerosol cans, to easier to open OrbitTM and Ideal Closure® vacuum closures, to our distinctive and advanced finishes ­ just to name a few ­ Crown has led the way over the years in breaking new ground to help our customers market their products with better shelf appeal in easier to use packaging. Our dedicated Innovation Team with its forward looking development process clearly demonstrates our commitment to providing Brand-Building PackagingTM . Looking ahead, we recognize the uncertainty surrounding global economic conditions but believe our Company's prospects are excellent. Crown is uniquely positioned with a global footprint that is increasingly weighted toward beverage cans in the most promising developing markets while maintaining a diverse portfolio of high quality metal packaging. Crown has laid a strong foundation for future unit volume and profit growth. These are busy and promising times for all of us at Crown, and we are confidently looking to 2013. Last May, Chris Homfray stepped down as President of our European Division, a position he held since 2006. He successfully led CROWN Europe during a period of volatile currencies and commodity prices, macroeconomic challenges and significant volume growth in our European Beverage can business. Chris joined Crown in 1995 and the size and scope of our European business reflect his contributions to the organization. We thank Chris for his valuable contributions toward the seamless transition of leadership to Jerry Gifford, who was formerly President of Beverage Packaging North America. I want to especially thank our almost 22,000 employees in our 149 plants across 41 countries around the world. Their dedication, drive and energy, day-in and day-out, were critical factors in the Company's World-Class Operating Performance and its successes in 2012. Best regards,

JoHN w. coNway

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
3

