Dear Fellow Shareholders: Crown's performance in the recently completed year was outstanding. In the mature markets of North America and Western Europe we benefited greatly from actions we took in prior years to reduce costs, realign production and invest with discipline to sustain and develop world class plants and technologies. Internationally, we are on the move supporting our major multi-national and large regional customers in what we think are the most promising and exciting growth markets: Brazil, Eastern Europe, the Middle East, China and Southeast Asia. Our net sales for 2009 were $7.9 billion compared to $8.3 billion in 2008. With 72% of our sales outside the United States, the decrease in net sales primarily reflects a stronger U.S. dollar against the Euro and the British Pound. Excluding the year-over-year changes in currencies, net sales increased slightly. More important, approximately 25% of our 2009 sales was generated from developing markets reflecting the investments made in those markets over the last 10 years, and that is up from 11% of our sales in 2000. Net income in 2009 increased to $334 million, or $2.06 per share, over the $226 million, or $1.39 per share in 2008. In 2009 we invested $180 million in capital expenditures to reduce costs, improve operations and expand capacity in growing markets to meet demand. We built a new beverage can plant in Kechnec, Slovakia which began shipping cans to our customers in the first quarter of 2010. The plant is in the heart of Eastern Europe and from there we can easily reach into many neighboring countries, including Poland and Hungary. We also completed and began producing beverage cans at our new beverage can plant in Estancia in northeast Brazil and expanded beverage end-making capacity at our plant in Manaus in northwest Brazil. In August 2009, we bought a can plant in Dong Nai, Vietnam, which is northeast of Ho Chi Minh City, from a large regional beverage customer and in February 2010, we announced the addition of a second beverage can line at that facility to meet growing demand. We are also in the process of building a new beverage can plant in Hangzhou, China, southwest of Shanghai. To meet demand in Thailand, we are doubling beverage can capacity and adding to existing food can capacity. These projects will add significant capacity in 2010 and beyond. We are excited that our global industrial platform continues to provide many good opportunities for growth. Another measure of Crown's performance that we think is important is free cash flow, that is, net cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures. In 2009, we generated approximately $600 million in free cash flow and approximately $750 million from operating activities, the result of our strong underlying operating performance, higher net earnings, and our continuing campaign to reduce working capital. This was a significant achievement for the Company and will enable us to continue investing in targeted growth opportunities and ongoing cost reduction programs while paying down debt. Consistent with our long established goal of delevering the Company's balance sheet, we were able to reduce our net debt by $402 million in 2009.

Sustainability is a key driver behind much of our success on many different levels. The metal packaging we produce is made from aluminum and steel which are recyclable and ecologically responsible. An increasing percentage of cans made per year globally are using recycled metal, which preserves natural resources and requires less energy to produce. At the same time, metal cans protect food and beverages from spoiling in harsh climates which in turn prevents product waste and keeps consumers safe. Our commitment to cost containment and efficiency includes trying to produce more each year using less energy, fewer natural resources and eliminating waste, thereby making a significant contribution to Crown's responsible sustainability efforts. As we look ahead at 2010, the rate of recovery in the developed economies of Western Europe and North America is uncertain, but there are signs of recovery. The emerging economies fared relatively well and have already shown measureable improvement and, as illustrated by our 2009 results, we believe that our metal packaging businesses are able to perform in improving or challenging economic conditions. We believe we are well positioned to grow and prosper in all of the regions in which we do business. Our growth strategy is unchanged. We will carefully improve operations and returns on capital in our more mature and slower growing markets. In the emerging markets, we will invest and grow. The breadth and depth of our businesses in the most attractive emerging economies is unmatched in our industry and provides strength and opportunity on which we intend to build for the future. We will also continue to consider opportunities to grow through prudent acquisitions. In closing, I would like to thank our 20,500 employees worldwide. They faithfully serve our diverse customer base and provide them with packaging of unsurpassed quality and outstanding service that our customers demand and deserve. The accomplishments of 2009 could not have been achieved without their skill, dedication and hard work.

Best regards,

John W. Conway Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer March 17, 2010

