    Global Reports LLC
Fiscal year 2008 marked an important stage in our turn- around as we fundamentally changed the way we operate our business while investing in our future growth. We are nonetheless disappointed in our financial performance, which was negatively impacted by the disruption created by our necessary and broad-based initiatives. For the year, our net sales decreased 5.5 percent to $11.74 billion. The loss from continuing operations before income taxes was 3.0 percent of consolidated net sales. Despite the difficul- ties, we made progress on our four strategic pillars and strengthened our executive management team. By fiscal year end, we started showing traction on a number of key operating metrics, and we have focused our fiscal 2009 priorities on delivering improved retail execution and rebuilding the selling culture in our stores in order to provide superior customer service.
As we entered the fiscal year, we needed to improve our business model to compete more effectively. As I wrote to you last year, the dramatic decline in fiscal 2007 in selling prices of our largest revenue category—flat panel televisions—resulted in an acceleration of our overall transformation efforts. To this end, we
• modernized our retail standard operating platform
by rolling out new procedures to more than 650 domestic segment Superstores;
• modified the management structure in our domestic segment Superstores and streamlined our store and store support organizations; and
• reduced our expense structure by approximately $200 million compared with our planned spending for the fiscal year.
While the amount of change was disruptive in the short term and contributed significantly to our sales and gross margin declines from the prior year, we are now in the position to improve execution and customer service. As a result, we expect to become a stronger, more effective company during the current fiscal year primarily through an intense focus on retail execution.
The company’s management team, with support of the board of directors, is implementing the right strategies with the right talent and processes to lead your company to a successful turnaround. Our Associates have embraced the changes, and the entire Circuit City team is committed to the strategies that are expected to have positive impact on shareholder value.
REBUILDING CIRCUIT CITY FOR
SUSTAINABLE GROWTH
We continue to see tremendous opportunity for growth from the four pillars of our strategy to win in home enter- tainment, grow our services business, leverage the shift to multi-channel retailing and significantly improve our real estate position. In fiscal 2008, we made steady progress in building these four strategic pillars.
Win in Home Entertainment
Home entertainment continues to be a key underpinning of our strategy. We are capitalizing on the strong growth rates for large LCD televisions and video game hardware. Our opportunity is not only to help our customers upgrade to flat and digital, but to bring the entire high-definition experience alive in their homes through digital source, theater-like audio, and post-sale support including firedogSM installation as well as Circuit City AdvantageSM Protection Plans.
firedog Digital Services
Domestic PC services and home theater installation rev- enues grew 29 percent in fiscal 2008. We believe our serv- ices growth will improve as we further renew our stores’ selling culture. firedog represents a great opportunity to build trust, traffic and top-line sales. Our goal is to make the complex products we sell easy for our customers to shop, buy and enjoy.
Multi-Channel
Our fiscal 2008 domestic direct channel sales growth was a strong 21 percent to $1.35 billion with more than half of the sales volume picked up in our stores. We continue to
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
CIRCUIT CITY STORES, INC. | ANNUAL REPORT 2008

Global Reports LLC
focus on strategies that provide enhanced shopping capa- bilities for our online customers and further integrate all of our shopping channels. One example is our pioneering citycenter online interactive community, which includes discussion forums, a blog and customer photo galleries. Our company is well-positioned to take advantage of the shift of customer traffic to the Internet.
Real Estate Revitalization
We achieved our goal of opening 61 incremental and relo- cated Superstores during fiscal 2008. We also remodeled one store into our new format, the city TM. We believe the city is a game-changing concept that will dramatically improve the way our customers interact with our Associates and our products. We had 22 the city stores at fiscal year end and continue to be encouraged by cus- tomer feedback on this format. In fiscal 2009, we will con- tinue to refine the model as well as develop what we call “look back” strategies—to take what we’re learning from the city back to our Circuit City Superstores to improve their customer experience and financial performance.
NEW LEADERSHIP TEAM
In fiscal year 2008, Circuit City added three high-caliber leaders—Bruce Besanko, John Harlow and Jeff Stone—to our team and expanded the role of John Kelly to serve as our chief merchant. As seasoned executives with signifi- cant retail and turnaround experience, I believe these individuals bring a fresh approach to our company and can have a quick and meaningful positive impact. They are charged with driving the execution of our initiatives; providing training and leadership development to our Associates; and holding the teams accountable to deliver improved results in the next phase of our turnaround.
Bruce Besanko joined our team as executive vice president and chief financial officer. Bruce brings retail experience, focus and sound financial discipline coupled with proactive strategic planning to our financial team. Previously, he was chief financial officer of Yankee Candle and held senior finance positions at Best Buy and Sears.
John Harlow joined the company as executive vice president and chief operating officer overseeing retail,
real estate, information technology and supply chain.
He was most recently a director with Deloitte specializing in retail. He previously had senior leadership roles in turn- arounds at A&P and Toys “R” Us.
Jeff Stone joined the company as executive vice presi- dent—new business development, which for us specifically refers to firedog services, the city store format and ongo- ing innovation work. Jeff has proven retail and operational leadership as the former chief operating officer and chief executive officer of Tweeter Home Entertainment Group during its expansion years as well as other high-end specialty retail experience.
FISCAL 2009
As we look forward to fiscal 2009, our top priority is to crisply execute our retail recovery plan and rebuild our selling culture. The expected outcomes include
• improving our gross margin rate through merchandising, marketing and pricing discipline;
• managing our expenses by maintaining an intense focus on controlling SG&A expenses;
• driving our close rate and attachments by rebuilding our customer service and selling culture, which improves both sales and margin;
• growing sales of our firedog services and our direct channel businesses; and
• growing through relocating, remodeling and selectively opening new stores.
The board of directors and the management team remain committed to a strategy that leads to improved sales and financial results for all shareholders. We believe strongly that fiscal 2009 will represent a year of signifi- cant accomplishments toward advancing our goals.
I would like to thank our 45,000 Associates and our ven- dor partners for their continued support and dedication.
Philip J. Schoonover
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer April 29, 2008
 CIRCUIT CITY STORES, INC. | ANNUAL REPORT 2008
