TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Fiscal year 2007 was a period of change and significant progress as we adapted to the challenges and opportunities posed by the dynamic, competitive North American retail marketplace. For the year, our net sales grew 8 percent to $12.43 billion. Earnings from continuing operations before income taxes were 0.2 percent of consolidated net sales, compared with 2.0 percent in the prior year. Fiscal 2007 results include $145 million, or 116 basis points of consolidated net sales, in pre-tax charges associated with the impairment of international segment goodwill, store and facility closures and other restructuring activities.
ACCELERATING OUR TRANSFORMATION

We began a process to transform Circuit City two and a half years ago, and we are committed to the vision we laid out to better serve our customers, our Associates and our shareholders. Our long-term strategy for differentiation, our North Star, "It's all about helping you," is the framework that guides our decisions. When we began this journey, we had assumptions about the growth of the flat-panel television business and the pace at which it would commoditize. Falling retail prices are a reality in the consumer electronics business. Retail prices for these televisions, however, declined more rapidly than our expectations, and the level reached in fall 2006 was a year ahead of our expectations. The resulting change impacted many parts of our business in the third and fourth quarters of our just-completed fiscal year. Seeing the flat panel television business model changes, along with strong competition from traditional consumer electronics retailers as well as newer entrants, we began moving with increased urgency to identify revenue growth opportunities, gross margin rate improvements and SG&A efficiency opportunities in order to rebuild reasonable profitability. We also need to ensure that Circuit City has caught up to retail industry best practices with our merchandising and retail transformation efforts. I would characterize these efforts not as a change in plan or strategy, but rather an acceleration of our overall transformation given the rapid changes in our marketplace. We reorganized and streamlined the senior leadership team around delivering a seamless multi-channel customer experience, including the following changes:  Danny Clark now leads all of our sales channels, encompassing domestic and international stores, Web sites,

services execution and concept development; Danny oversees sales conversion and the customer experience.  Dave Mathews now leads our merchandising, supply chain, services development and marketing organizations; Dave oversees value proposition creation and its communication to customers. In February, Mike Foss announced his intention to resign as chief financial officer effective mid-April to pursue other opportunities. I would like to thank Mike for his nearly four years of service to Circuit City and his tremendous contribution to reshaping the company's culture as well as reducing its cost and expense structure. A search for a new CFO is underway. We see enormous opportunities with the four pillars of our strategy to win in home entertainment, grow our services business, leverage the shift to multi-channel retailing and significantly improve our real estate position. Home Entertainment Industry views about the rate of growth of total television sales from 2006 to 2010 generally predict a low-singledigit annual revenue growth rate. Given the average selling price declines expected, this implies significant unit growth of TVs. This unit growth presents us with a great opportunity to provide the customer the complete solution through firedogSM installations; digital services such as digital cable and HD satellite; cables and other accessories; furniture and brackets; financing; and Circuit City AdvantageSM Protection Plans. We will manage the performance gap among our stores and focus on creating a better multi-channel experience, to increase revenue and margin per transaction. Services We continue to build our services platform through firedogSM. The total market opportunity for home theater installation and consumer PC-related services is expected to reach $20 billion annually by fiscal 2010. We started offering PC services about two years ago and launched the firedogSM brand last September. In merely two years, we grew the business to an annual revenue base of $200 million. We expect sales to approximately double in fiscal 2008 to more than $400 million and are expecting significant growth in future years. While the revenue from firedogSM is still relatively small, it will be a significant driver of profit in fiscal 2008 because of its aboveaverage margins.

CIRCUIT CITY STORES, INC. | ANNUAL REPORT 2007

www.global-reports.com

Multi-channel Based on forecasted values from Forrester Research ("US eCommerce: Five Year Forecast and Data Overview", Forrester Research, Inc., October 2006), we calculate that industry e-commerce sales of the products we sell will grow by 16 percent on average for the next three calendar years. We reached $1.12 billion in fiscal 2007 Weband call center-originated sales, and we expect direct channel revenues to grow 30 percent to 40 percent in fiscal 2008. We will invest in new capabilities that improve personalization and solution offerings, leading to an improved customer experience and increased revenue and margin per transaction. Real Estate We are transforming our real estate position primarily by opening incremental stores in new trade areas and relocating stores to better locations in existing trade areas. In addition, we continue to right-size our latest retail concept store for today's multi-channel shopping experience, tomorrow's product assortment trends and the firedogSM services we offer. During fiscal 2007, we opened 35 Superstores, including 12 relocations, and closed 7 underperforming stores in the U.S. We expect to open 60 to 65 Superstores in fiscal 2008 and to increase the pace to up to 100 openings in fiscal 2009, with approximately one-third of the openings expected to be relocations in each year. With up to 200 new and relocated stores opening between fiscal 2007 and fiscal 2009, we have an opportunity to drive a significant amount of incremental revenue and profit as well as upgrade our brand image. Additional important points in our transformation acceleration plan include  outsourcing our information technology infrastructure operations to IBM, which will provide worldclass systems and reduce planned infrastructure costs by approximately 16 percent over the term of the contract;  instituting new retail standard operating procedures, including new tools and training, to better engage Associates and increase time available to serve customers;  better leveraging the opportunity to include the complete customer solution of hardware, relevant accessories and services in each transaction in our stores, on the Web and through our call center;  optimizing channel assortments and improving our direct sourcing efforts; and  re-engineering our supply chain to accelerate efforts to increase our customer-encountered in-stock while reducing net-owned inventory. Some of our decisions, particularly those that resulted in the separation of Associates, were difficult. But we

must remain competitive in the marketplace, and we must be prepared to make changes to grow and thrive. To build a competitive organization for the future, we will be making additional changes. These changes include  reducing spans of control and layers of management throughout the enterprise to ensure that our frontline Associates are empowered to do their work;  instituting more expense controls around purchasing, travel, consultants and many other forms of discretionary spending;  identifying overlapping functions that can be combined to drive efficiency;  prioritizing initiatives, so we can eliminate entire pieces of work that do not serve our strategic framework; and  exploring strategic alternatives, including a possible sale, for InterTAN, Inc., the company's international segment. While our focus remains on the future, I want to acknowledge the important accomplishments our Associates made this year. We grew total revenues for the third year in a row. In each calendar quarter of 2006, we increased our overall consumer electronics hardware market share compared with the prior year according to TraQline. We achieved our goal of reaching $1 billion in Web-originated sales, which grew more than 50 percent for the year, while making organizational changes to become a true multi-channel retailer. During the second half of the year, we successfully launched our firedogSM brand, covering consumer PC services and home theater installation, and grew our annual services revenue by nearly 80 percent. We accomplished these goals and created more than 2,500 jobs through our investments for growth in services, multi-channel and new stores. We freed up cash by reducing domestic segment net-owned inventory by $88 million. We returned approximately $250 million to our shareholders through stock repurchases and an increased quarterly dividend rate. Retailing in general, and consumer electronics retailing in particular, is extremely competitive. With the permanent changes to the television business model, we must move with urgency to develop a world-class retail platform. I'm confident we are on the right path to create a successful future for the more than 40,000 Associates who work at Circuit City, to provide our customers with competitive pricing on the products and services we sell, and to deliver increased shareholder value.

PHILIP J. SCHOONOVER

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer April 30, 2007

CIRCUIT CITY STORES, INC. | ANNUAL REPORT 2007

www.global-reports.com

