Chairman's Letter
Dear Fellow Shareholders, Achieving sustainable, profitable growth year after year requires more than a focus on the next big deal; it's about understanding the market and providing relevant solutions for our customers who want the benefits technology brings but need skills and resources to take advantage. CDW helps customers navigate an increasingly complex IT market by bringing together the best technologies from multiple partners. In 2015, our strategy again positioned us for growth and delivered strong financial performance as we captured market share and delivered excellent profitability while continuing to invest in our future. Yet again, our performance reflected the power of our business model, our strategies and our unique ability to understand and meet the evolving needs of our customers. Our business model is built on three elements fundamental to our continued success ­ our balanced channel portfolio, our diverse product suite and our variable cost structure ­ which enable us to make the most of opportunities and trends while effectively managing market challenges. Results Prove the Point We believe that hard work translates into results, and we don't shy away from big goals. Regardless of market conditions, CDW expects to outperform the U.S. IT market by 200 to 300 basis points, which we did in 2015.
Thomas E. Richards Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

CDW helps customers navigate an increasingly complex IT market by bringing together the best technologies from multiple partners.

....................................................................................................................................................

balance

CDW CORPORATION 1

Chairman's Letter (continued)
Our net sales of $12.9 billion were 7.6 percent stronger than in 2014. On a constant currency, organic basis, excluding the impact of consolidating U.K. IT solutions provider Kelway, which we fully acquired in August 2015, net sales increased 5.3 percent. And we achieved excellent profitability with Adjusted EBITDA up 12.3 percent and Non-GAAP earnings per share up 23.6 percent to $2.93. We also increased our dividend nearly 60 percent ­ the second such increase since we went public in 2013. Further, we repurchased more than $240 million of our stock. As we continue to deliver consistent performance, there is no question that a drive for results is in our DNA. Balance and Breadth Set Us Apart Our balanced channel and product portfolio are true differentiators of our business model and drive results for our shareholders. We have five U.S. customer channels of $1 billion or more and we saw 2015 revenues grow in Hardware, Software and Services and balanced growth across both transactional and solutions categories. is year we continued to make investments to ensure we are positioned for future growth. Our acquisition of Kelway expanded our go-to-market offering with multi-national capabilities. We also expanded our partnership with Dell to continue to deliver on our promise of access, choice and expertise. And we maintained our commitment to enhancing seller capacity and capability enabling productivity with investments in advanced analytics to provide customer insights that both shorten the selling cycle and improve market knowledge. In addition, we've put resources behind our eCommerce platform to empower our customers and deliver a highly relevant online experience. To ensure we stay relevant to our customers, we are increasing our ability to deliver high-growth integrated solutions and expanded services. In 2015, we added new cloud offerings including a proprietary cloud provisioning platform, and hired additional solution architects focused solely on cloud. We also opened another services market and now have technical specialists, service delivery and sales coworkers in more than 20 major metro markets across the country. Our business model is fundamental to our success and we'll continue to invest in it to maximize our opportunities for growth and ensure we are prepared to respond to market challenges. Execution Turns Plans into Results At the heart of our success is our ability to execute. We set big goals, put plans in place and deliver. It comes down to being where our customers need us to be. We remain relevant by deeply understanding the needs of our customers and the potential solutions we can bring to bear. When we saw that more and more of our customers were looking for multi-national solutions, we acquired Kelway. We know that security and cloud continue to be priorities for our customers so we make the investments we need to be able to provide the solutions they need.

....................................................................................................................................................

focus

execution
2 CDW CORPORATION

We continued to invest in our ability to execute, adding more than 165 customer-facing coworkers, of which three-quarters support solutions and services. We also enhanced our infrastructure, opening our new Enterprise Command Center (ECC) in Vernon Hills, which expands our managed services, cloud and mobility capabilities, and brings strategic value to customers. e new ECC provides 24x7x365 management of customers' IT solutions ­ cloud, data center, mobility, security and unified communication/ collaboration ­ and plays a vital role in managing the currency of any enterprise ­ data. We also invest in our communities, which benefits our coworkers, customers and partners. CDW not only donates to organizations providing healthcare, education and military support, but our coworkers donate their time, expertise and money, as well. Since starting our partnership in 1988, CDW coworkers have raised more than $6 million for Children's Miracle Network hospitals, and this year we were proud to support Folds of Honor, which provides educational scholarships to children and spouses of our country's fallen and wounded heroes. In the end, our giving strategy continues to position CDW, our customers and partners for better tomorrows. Focused on the Right ings Our commitment and ability to execute sets us apart, and I'm honored to lead this group of 8,000+ coworkers who work every day to make the right things happen the right way. We are both disciplined and resilient, making adjustments when markets

and customer needs change. Our disciplined and measured approach to integrating with Kelway is a great example of how we choose to do things right. In April, we will rebrand Kelway to CDW and together we're now successfully meeting the needs of customers in the U.K. and abroad. It is an honor and a pleasure to lead this growing team. e competitive spirit and energy of this company inspires me on a daily basis. Looking forward, we will continue to execute against our strategies and believe we are well-positioned for growth in 2016 and beyond. Everything in today's world starts with IT and every success starts with a conversation with CDW. We are committed to our vision of being the leading IT solutions and services provider in the markets we serve, and I thank you for your continued confidence in CDW.

Thomas E. Richards Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 24, 2016

....................................................................................................................................................

results

CDW CORPORATION 3

