chAiRmAn'S letteR

...............................................................................................................................

thomas e. Richards chairman and chief executive officer

Fellow Shareholders, At CDW, we see the world through the eyes of our customers and that perspective helps drive our profitable growth year after year. Uniquely positioned between our 250,000 customers and more than 1,000 world-class partners, we help our customers ­ from businesses to schools and hospitals to government agencies ­ achieve their operating goals and maximize the return on their technology investment. Our proven business model is underpinned by the balance we have across our channels, products and technologies. With five customer-facing channels, each with nearly $ 1 billion or more in annual sales, and more than 100,000 products and services, we are well positioned to take advantage of evolving market dynamics. At our core, our team of more than 7,000 talented coworkers make it all happen. In 2014, we once again saw the focus and drive of our coworkers ­ in every role across our organization ­ uncover opportunities, exceed expectations of our customers and deliver results. I want to thank each and every coworker for their relentless commitment to the success of our customers and CDW. Strong Financial Performance and Strategic Progress In 2014, we again delivered both excellent financial results and strategic progress, significantly outpacing the U.S. IT market while investing in the future growth of our business. While in the past, our balanced channel portfolio helped offset the impact of macroeconomic or external factors on our business, this year our channels fired on all cylinders as we met the needs of our customers ­ both for transactional products and solutions ­ fueling market share growth. At the same time, our variable cost structure helped us mitigate the impact of lower-margined transactional products and deliver excellent profitability. Some of the key measures of our financial performance this year include: · Net sales of $ 12.1 billion, up 12.1 percent · Adjusted EBITDA of $ 907 million, up 12.2 percent · Non-GAAP Earnings Per Share of $ 2.37, up 29.7 percent ese strong financial results enabled us to take actions that support our capital allocation priorities in 2014, including the authorization of a $ 500 million share repurchase program and a 59 percent increase in our annual dividend to 27 cents per share. stock price up 50.6 percent in the year.
CDW CORPORATION 1

In 2014, we once again saw the focus and drive of our coworkers ­ in every role across our organization ­ uncover opportunities, exceed expectations of our customers and deliver results. I want to thank each and every coworker for their relentless commitment to the success of our customers and CDW.

ese results were also

recognized by the stock market, and we significantly outperformed the S&P 500, with CDW

chAiRmAn'S letteR (continued)

.........................................................................................................................

In addition to a year of excellent financial progress, 2014 was a year of significant strategic progress driven by our three-part strategy. First, we worked to profitably grow our share with existing and new customers, enhancing seller capacity and capability to make it easier to focus on what matters most ­ meeting the needs of our customers. We established new sales verticals in finance and legal and refined our geographic segmentation with the establishment of a new South region, getting us closer to the unique needs of our customers. We also made a 35 percent investment in U.K.-based IT solutions provider, Kelway, enhancing our sellers' abilities to meet the international needs of our U.S.-based customers and prospects. A second key pillar of our strategy is to broaden our solutions suite, enhancing our ability to deliver integrated solutions. In 2014, we made significant strides in Cloud computing. We expanded our solutions portfolio with best-in-class offerings in categories such as security, back-up and collaboration, including migration and managed services. Our Aggregation Services practice garnered numerous industry awards for our work sourcing and deploying Cloud capabilities across a global set of partners and facilities. We also dedicated a team of Cloud Client Executives, professionals with the domain expertise to support our customers' efforts to evaluate, design and implement Cloud solutions. At the same time, we expanded our Mobility portfolio, launching an innovative Mobile App Marketplace for developers ­ a single, online destination that connects organizations with vetted, proven developers of industry leading mobile apps for key business functions. We had nearly 200,000 visitors to our App Marketplace in 2014. e third component of our strategy is to expand our services capabilities. In 2014, we achieved another year of double-digit growth in Services Solutions, adding more than 65 coworkers to our services practice and opening two new markets. Today, we have technical specialists, service delivery and sales coworkers in more than 20 major metro markets across the U.S., supported by a national traveling team and a nationwide network of partnerships with OEMs and local service providers to ensure we cover the entire U.S. We continued deployment of our very successful ultimate fan experience projects, most notably

with nine NFL team implementations. And, our Services team received several accolades in 2014, including being named Cisco Americas Services Partner of the Year and one of the "Top 10 Data Centers to Work For" by getvoip.com. culture of Performance and execution will Drive 2015 CDW will continue to execute against our strategy for growth in 2015 and look to outpace the U.S. IT market by 200 to 300 basis points. Of course, our ability to execute depends entirely on our coworkers and valued partners. We have an outstanding team of coworkers and I consider myself incredibly lucky to be a part of this organization. Our culture of customer focus and execution, coupled with competitive drive, fuels opportunity and success. And, we have top-notch relationships with world-class partners ­ both established and emerging ­ to solve our customers' problems. Together, we are a powerful force. In 2015, we will continue to invest in our infrastructure, including the people, processes, technologies and facilities needed to support our growth. Last year, we added more than 140 customer- facing coworkers, three-quarters of which are in solutions and services roles. We intend to add customerfacing coworkers to support the evolution of our go-to-market strategy and ensure we can continue to deliver high-growth, integrated solutions such as Data Center, Unified Communications and Collaboration, Security, Mobility and Cloud. We'll also further enhance our international capabilities to support U.S.- and Canada-based customers. I am excited and optimistic about what's ahead for CDW. IT budgets have stabilized and, combined with an expanding economy, provide increased opportunity to pursue our bold vision of being the leading IT solutions and services provider in the markets we serve. ank you for your continued confidence in our ability to achieve our vision. Here's to another year of meaningful, profitable growth at CDW.

Thomas E. Richards Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 24, 2015

2 CDW CORPORATION

