Chairman's Letter
Fellow Shareholders, For nearly 30 years, CDW has thrived on change. What started at a kitchen table has grown and morphed into a $10.8 billion success story ­ all thanks to a maniacal commitment to changing with the needs of our customers. And, while that trajectory is something we're all quite proud of, as I look forward, I'm even more excited about the significant opportunities ahead. e pace of technology change and innovation is unprecedented. is creates both economic

opportunity and operational complexity for customers. Few organizations occupy the space that CDW does, sitting between more than 1,000 diversified partners and 250,000 customers in business, government, healthcare and educational institutions. Our customers value our ability to share insights and help them navigate an increasingly challenging IT landscape. Our partners view us as an essential extension of their businesses, creating valuable marketplace reach and scale. Our coworkers find opportunities to build meaningful and rewarding careers centered around serving our customers. And our investors look to us to deliver consistent, market-leading performance built on profitable revenue and net income growth. Another Year of Strategic Progress and Financial Performance In 2013, we continued to outperform the market by remaining focused on our evolution as a true solutions provider and investing significantly in our technical capabilities. e combination of our balanced channel portfolio, broad product suite and focus on execution enabled us to deliver profitable growth above the U.S. IT market while investing in our future. We delivered another record year with growth in both sales and earnings. Key measures of our success this year include: · Net Sales of $10.8 billion · Gross Profit of $1.76 billion · Non-GAAP Net Income of $314.3 million · Adjusted EBITDA of $809 million · Non-GAAP Earnings Per Share of $1.83 · A successful IPO in June 2013 with CDW shares at year-end up 37 percent from listing price As we look ahead, we're confident in our opportunities for continued growth because we are the People Who Get ITTM and our customers value that. IT Solutions for Today's Business Challenges Today, organizations increasingly rely on information technology to drive growth and power productivity. Our customers count on CDW to help solve their unique business challenges ­ from data proliferation to network security to coworker mobility. CDW's integrated offerings, including cloud computing, security, mobility, data center optimization, virtualization and collaboration, simplify the complexities of technology assessment, procurement, implementation and management. Our customers choose CDW because we've earned their trust and built a deep bench of more than 1,400 skilled technology specialists and engineers who hold the highest level of certification from industry leaders. And, we're not stopping there. We hired nearly 120 net new customerfacing coworkers in 2013 and plan to continue that same pace of investment in 2014.
CDW's integrated offerings, including cloud computing, security, mobility, data center optimization, virtualization and collaboration, simplify the complexities of technology assessment, procurement, implementation and management.
Thomas E. Richards Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

CDW CORPORATION 1

Chairman's Letter (continued)
Strategies for Growth will Drive Continued Success Services represent a critical growth area for CDW, helping us deliver and manage today's complex, integrated solutions. We continue to expand our services footprint with Managed Services, Professional Services, Partner Services, Configuration Services and Warranty Services. In 2014, we'll add resources to expand the services teams we currently have in 25 markets, while adding new markets to our portfolio. At CDW, we pride ourselves on being able to efficiently and affordably assess, design,
CDW provides technology solutions for numerous professional sports organizations. To enhance the fan experience, the Georgia Dome worked with CDW to design and implement a high-density wireless network on which 14,000 mobile devices can simultaneously connect to browse the Web, interact via social media, and access an in-venue mobile app for scores, stats and video replays.

integrate, implement and manage information technology solutions that meet our customers' needs. We're able to do this because we're constantly focused on improving our own internal productivity as well as staying on top of the latest trends and challenges in our customers' respective worlds. For example, we've established vertical channels, such as our most recently introduced Finance and Legal channels, to provide our sales team with an enhanced focus on the unique challenges of their specific customer set. We continue to invest aggressively in the development and optimization of our sales and services teams. We do so not only with training, but also with enhanced team structures and process improvements to help each and every one of our coworkers make the most of their time serving our customers. A Culture of Performance and Execution Time and again, I'm amazed by our coworkers. We are now nearly 7,000 strong and we operate with a relentless commitment to serving our customers, delivering consistent results and taking market share. And that makes CDW an outstanding place to come to work every day. Over the years, we've built a culture of performance, compassion and competitiveness in the market that is unique in our industry. We maintain our market advantage by staying true to our Circle of Service, which places the customer at the center of everything we do, while we live by some very simple tenets we refer to as

e CDW reat Check assessment tool identifies a network's weaknesses, allowing IT teams to improve an organization's information security posture. To help IT managers understand their current security stance, CDW and a leading security provider have partnered to offer CDW reat Check, a no-cost service that passively monitors environments on gateway, network, server and endpoint traffic. Based on the information captured during monitoring, CDW provides a detailed report that identifies known malware and recommends a remediation plan.

the CDW Way. With an impressive 2013 in the books, I am excited and optimistic about the opportunities ahead for CDW. We have set a bold vision of the future ­ to be THE leading IT solutions and services provider in North America. And I have no doubt we'll achieve it. With the support of our world-class partners and the dedication and hard work of our coworkers, we remain focused on ­ and inspired by ­ serving our customers and their needs like no one else can. And, together, we intend to deliver on our commitments to you, our shareholders. ank you for your belief in us and here's to another year of meaningful, profitable growth for CDW.

Thomas E. Richards Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 24, 2014

2 CDW CORPORATION

