A Performance-Driven Technology and Specialty Materials Company Creating Significant Value
To Celanese Stockholders:
Celanese has been on a journey towards becoming the premier chemical company. On the road to our destination, we have focused on being in businesses where we have a clear, sustainable competitive advantage and we have continued to optimize our portfolio to achieve industry, cost and technology leadership. Through our key strategic growth levers of geographic growth, innovation, productivity and portfolio enhancements, we are delivering earnings growth and further strengthening our businesses. Our execution has created significant shareholder value by transforming Celanese into a performance-driven global technology and specialty materials company with a unique portfolio of businesses that enjoy leading positions in the major industries that we serve.
For Celanese, 2010 was a year of significant progress. We met our objectives and in some cases, even exceeded them. There are four specific achievements in 2010 that will certainly pave the way for our future success:
x We acquired two high-performance polymers businesses and entered into agreements to expand our Ibn Sina strategic affiliate in the Middle East. These transactions further enhance our Advanced Engineered Materials portfolio of highly-specified, innovative products and services and will add new cost-advantaged capacity to support future growth.
x We announced a manufacturing footprint realignment in our Acetate Products business and we are embarking on the expansion of our strategic acetate ventures in China. These actions will contribute to earnings growth in 2011 and beyond.
x In November 2010, we announced our newly developed advanced technology to produce ethanol and our plans to commercialize this technology in the fast-growing Asia region. This unique ethanol technology breakthrough is a potential game-changer not only in the industrial ethanol market, but also in the global fuels market. We believe that this technology could reduce certain countries’ dependence on imported energy while delivering better environmental solutions than many other alternatives available today. We are very excited about the new revenue and earnings growth opportunities that this breakthrough technology could provide for Celanese.
x We delivered innovative new offerings, including VitalDoseTM, an ethylene vinyl acetate excipient for controlled-release pharmaceutical solutions, and our low-VOC, environmentally-friendly vinyl technology for paints and coatings. Innovation, whether through technology or new product offerings, plays an increasingly important role in Celanese’s earnings growth.
Our future growth will be propelled by these and the many other accomplishments of our 7,250 employees around the globe, including acquisitions, manufacturing realignments and capacity increases in the growing Asia region. Additionally, our ongoing productivity efforts remain a critical component of our strategy, allowing us to continually improve our results and fuel reinvestment in our businesses.
We’re pleased with the progress that we have made on our journey to premier and we are even more excited about the future of Celanese. With our demonstrated track record of execution, performance-driven culture and well-defined business strategies, we are confident that we will successfully meet our growth objectives and continue to increase the value of Celanese for all of our stakeholders.
Best regards,
David N. Weidman
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 