Welcome new Celanese Corporation investors!
Your company performed and progressed in 2004. With a focus on the now and the future, we:
≥ Recorded strong underlying results and made transformational moves for sustainable earnings.
≥ Changed our company headquarters to the U.S. and took concrete steps to become stronger in China and other parts of the world.
≥ Became leaner and invested in products and capacities to create value for our customers.
≥ Strengthened our core businesses and extended them into higher-value products.
Our strong business performance in the nine months ended December 31, 2004* reflected a focused strategy, improving business conditions, and a culture that emphasizes accountability. Net sales grew 10% from the comparable prior year period, with strong volume growth in all businesses. Gross profit rose 27% on top-line contributions and strong productivity. The net loss included costs to transform our company, and we are sharply focused on making the most of our significant changes to create value now and in the future.
Our vision is to build on our attractive chemical businesses by aggressively growing globally, upgrading our mix to higher value-added chemical products and improving our cost position relentlessly. Productivity has become part of our DNA, and our employees delivered splendid results again in 2004. Here are some specific strategic measures that we completed or initiated in 2004:
≥ Became a single-listed U.S. headquartered corporation, enabling us to be leaner, faster and more agile than our predecessor company, which was a dually listed German AG.
≥ Announced and subsequently completed the acquisition of ICI’s Pan-Atlantic emulsion polymers business. This and other acquisitions have significantly extended our acetyl value chain with new offerings of value-added, customized chemical products.
≥ Announced our intent to acquire Acetex Corporation, subject to regulatory approvals. Completion would provide the ability to offer an even more reliable and cost-efficient supply of acetyl products globally.
≥ Began constructing our Nanjing, China, acetic acid site and signed key supply agreements.
≥ Responded to increasing demand in Ticona by expanding our North American capacity in polyacetal, and initiating an
expansion of polyphenylene sulfide capacity through our Fortron Industries venture.
≥ Consolidated Ticona’s North American headquarters into our Florence, Kentucky, manufacturing site, bringing us closer to our largest customer base and reducing costs.
≥ Began revitalizing our Acetate business by announcing our exit from the unprofitable filament business and significantly restructuring the remaining Acetate production assets.
≥ Approved plans to sell our cyclo-olefin copolymer and fuel cell interests to help optimize our portfolio.
We are also continuing to grow and strengthen our ventures, which in the past three years generated cash dividends to Celanese in the range of $75-100 million annually. In China, we are nearing the start-up of our new polyacetal venture plant and doubling the production capacity of three Acetate ventures to meet demand.
Celanese businesses have a track record of performance, even in more turbulent economic times. We are combining the strong cash- generating abilities of our businesses with additional efforts to create a leaner, faster growing company. Our team of new talents and veterans is energized and determined to accelerate Celanese.
We appreciate your confidence in us and are committed to becoming a premier company in our industry. Best Regards,
David N. Weidman
President and Chief Executive Officer
* The last nine months of 2004 represent the period that followed Celanese Corporation’s acquisition of the majority ownership of Celanese AG, the predecessor company. Net sales and gross profits in the three months preceding this period also increased from the prior period, as indicated in the Annual Report on Form 10-K that follows.
 