 obal markets productivity
competitive
nce
risk management affordabi
financial strength demand volvement
nment wise investments customized solutions
responsibility
safety
energy policy
innovation lity
reliabil enviro
2006 was an extraordinary year for our company on many fronts, and we delivered exceptional results. We generated $19.3 billion in revenues and grew adjusted earnings by 25 percent to a record $3.61 per share.
The strong execution of our business strategy translated into superior returns for our investors. Including stock price appreciation and divi- dends, we achieved total shareholder return of nearly 23 percent in 2006, following a 35 percent return in 2005.
These results continue our long track record of success. Our current management team has met or exceeded our earnings targets and the guidance we gave Wall Street for more than five years. And since November 2001– the expansion of our competitive strategy – our shares have appreciated 208 percent, three times greater than the S&P 500 Electric Utilities Index and six times greater than the S&P 500.
Our success also has allowed us to grow dividends approximately in line with our earnings growth. In January 2007, we announced a quarterly dividend increase of 15 percent – from 37.75 cents per share to 43.5 cents per share–equivalent to a new annual dividend of $1.74.
EXECUTING ON ALL FRONTS
Our continued success is due in large part to our integrated, yet diversi- fied, business model. Each business excels in its market and contributes to our overall performance.
Constellation Energy Commodities Group, our competitive energy wholesale business, is a global leader in energy portfolio management, the largest power marketer in the country, and the fifth largest gas marketer. We continue to grow our power business profitably, and we’re making significant gains in natural gas and coal markets in the United States and abroad. In addition, the successful initial public offering (IPO) of Constellation Energy Partners LLC last November was an important milestone and will help us realize more value from our expanding port- folio of natural gas properties.
On the retail side, both Constellation NewEnergy and Constellation NewEnergy-Gas performed very well. We’ve steadily grown sales volumes and margins, and our high renewal rates for power and gas provide stabil- ity in our customer base. More importantly, the future growth picture for these businesses is strong.
Constellation Energy Generation Group also had a busy and productive year. We increased generating capacity by 17 percent at our R.E. Ginna Nuclear Power Plant, and we completed a refueling outage at our Nine Mile Point Nuclear Station in record time.
Our generation team also completed the successful sale of six of our gas-fired merchant plants for $1.6 billion. Market conditions were advantageous, and the attractive price we received provided us with a sig- nificant return on our investments in the plants. We’ve used a portion of the proceeds to pay down debt and strengthen our already strong balance
sheet, and the remainder of the proceeds provides funds for us to invest in more strategically aligned opportunities.
RETURNING TO REGULATORY STABILITY IN MARYLAND
Volatile power and gas prices, the end of a six-year freeze on residential electric rates, and election-year politics made 2006 a challenging and difficult year for our regulated transmission and distribution utility, Baltimore Gas and Electric Company (BGE), and its customers.
My expectation is that 2007 will see a return to a more stable regula- tory climate in Maryland. There is widespread support for Maryland’s suc- cessful market structure, and the Maryland Public Service Commission already has initiated proceedings designed to identify and implement improvements in the wholesale energy auction process. The improve- ments should help reduce the likelihood of sudden and severe price spikes for residential customers.
We remain committed to doing everything we can to help customers manage rising power prices. An important focus is introducing new options for our customers to better manage their usage and lower their bills. The options include new demand response and advanced metering programs, which BGE will launch to test groups later this year. We believe these types of energy management and conservation programs will become a way of life for BGE and its customers.
DEFINING A STRONG INDEPENDENT COURSE
Last year at this time, it was our expectation that our proposed merger with FPL Group would have closed by now. However, last October, given the considerable regulatory and political uncertainty in Maryland, we reached a mutual and amicable agreement to terminate it.
The reaction from investors was favorable. Reaffirming our independ- ent course and promising future, our stock reached a new all-time high in 2006. This tells us three things: investors understand fully why we entered – and why we exited – the proposed merger; they have full confi- dence in our strengths and capabilities as a stand-alone company; and they believe we’re returning to a period of greater stability in energy markets.
The proposed merger would have enabled us to meet an important strategic goal and rapidly grow the scale of our company. However, it fell victim to events beyond the control of either company.
I look back on our outstanding performance during this challenging period with great pride. Despite the distractions, we continued to live up to the commitment of meeting and exceeding our financial promises to investors.
THINKING STRATEGICALLY ABOUT THE FUTURE
I strongly believe that competitive markets are the future of the energy industry. They’re good for customers, for the economy, and for companies
value
Mayo A. Shattuck III
Chairman, President & CEO
advantage
dependability
efficiency
ity
diversification
diversific
customer service
earnings growth
 DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
2
www.global-reports.com
     a
       n

affordability
risk management
environment growth strategy reliabilityfina customer service
   new nuclear experience
responsibility safety
financial strength innovation
global markets earnings growth
divers producti
  wise investments
      ation supply
demand dependability efficiency
competitive advantage balance
value
energy policy customiz
 like ours that value efficiency and being the best at meeting customers’ needs. Competitive markets provide incentive for companies to continu- ously work toward better and more efficient ways to meet our nation’s energy needs. That incentive drives our success.
Energy markets that are open to competition are working. Competition has done what it is supposed to do–it has improved effi- ciency and lowered costs. Power plants are operating more efficiently in competitive markets, and wholesale power price increases are consistently lower than increases in fuel prices–a clear sign there is downward pres- sure on costs in the marketplace.
It’s a trend that I believe will only grow. As a leading advocate and the No. 1 provider of electricity in competitive markets, we’ll continue to speak out in Washington, D.C., and in states that have opened their markets to competition or are dealing with deregulation issues.
Other important energy matters – the cost of energy, the global events that control supply and demand, the need for more clean energy, and the growing strain on the existing energy infrastructure–are becom- ing the topic of frank discussions in households and statehouses across North America. More than ever before, people are becoming aware of the importance of energy to everything around them – and are thinking strategically about energy solutions.
Most of us can agree on the elements of our nation’s energy future: greater conservation and energy management programs; a commitment to reducing greenhouse gases and making greater use of renewable energy; and a more constructive partnership between energy suppliers, customers, regulators, and lawmakers.
For the second consecutive year, the Dow Jones Sustainability North America Index has included Constellation Energy on its list of companies that operate in a socially responsible and sustainable way. Customers turn to our energy supply companies for renewable energy options. We’re also an industry leader in providing emission-free nuclear power, and we’ve established effective waste recycling and pollution prevention programs. As a leader in corporate responsibility, we believe a solution must be devel- oped to slow, then stop, and eventually reverse greenhouse gas emissions.
The pathway to a greener, more cost-effective energy future is com- petition and a vibrant energy marketplace. A retreat to the old way of doing things would be a disastrous setback. As a nation and as an industry, we need to get this right. We simply cannot afford to move backward.
CONTINUING TO DO WHAT WE DO BEST
Our business model has proven sustainable, and our management team has demonstrated the ability to execute successfully in a wide range of market conditions. We believe there is more to come. We expect to deliver compound annual earnings growth of 22 percent to 26 percent from 2005 to 2008.
We’ll achieve this growth by continuing to do what we do best. We’ll deploy capital wisely and identify and execute on opportunities that can drive long-term growth. We’ll leverage the scale and capabilities of our competitive platform by further integrating our merchant organiza- tion. And we’ll continue to identify and empower the best and brightest minds in our industry.
In 2007, a major element of our growth story is investment. We’re spending more to earn more. In the years ahead, we’ll invest more in BGE, more in our gas portfolio, and considerably more to upgrade our Maryland plants to meet the requirements of the state’s healthy air act. Our generation fleet is among the cleanest in the industry, and we’re fully committed to maintaining and broadening the scope of our envi- ronmental efforts. Over the next three years, we’re planning to invest approximately $1.1 billion to produce cleaner energy. We’ll also continue to invest in the option for new nuclear power through UniStar Nuclear, our joint enterprise with AREVA.
THE BEST IN THE BUSINESS
One of our best stories in 2006 was our people. During our United Way pledge drive, our employees responded by doing even more to help the communities we serve. We boosted our pledge total by 20 percent and raised close to $5 million–making us the No. 1 contributor in Central Maryland and a leading contributor in other markets where we do business.
This speaks to the type of employees we have at Constellation Energy. We’re committed to delivering value to our shareholders – and we’re committed to every community we serve.
I feel very confident about our future. We’re the established leader in the competitive energy sector and a respected nuclear fleet operator. BGE continues to be a top-performing utility. Our emerging businesses in the United States and abroad are performing well. We just completed our fifth consecutive year of record growth. And the forecast for 2007 and beyond is promising.
Constellation Energy has distinguished itself as a remarkable com- pany with a very bright future. Thank you for being part of it.
Mayo A. Shattuck III
Chairman, President, and CEO
March 26, 2007
 3
www.global-reports.com
i v
e
