 Dear Fellow Shareholders,
During the past six years, we have transformed Constellation Energy from a mid-sized, Baltimore-based utility into one of the nation’s most diverse and successful integrated energy companies. Today, Constellation Energy owns a low-cost, environmentally advantaged baseload generation fleet, and is North America's leading competitive power supplier, a top gas marketer and a leader in advancing America’s new nuclear renaissance.
We’re very proud of these achievements, which have been recognized and rewarded by investors, particularly during 2007 when our total return for shareholders was 52 percent. Investors aren't the only ones taking notice. In 2008—for the second consecutive year— Constellation Energy was named to the prestigious BusinessWeek 50 list of the best-performing companies within the S&P 500.
Our success is gratifying, and yet
it tells only part of our story. The priorities of our shareholders must be balanced with those of our customers and communities that rely on our vital energy services. There are many important policy issues and industry trends that affect our business. Our nation is eager to reduce dependency on foreign energy sources to improve our energy security, while addressing the challenges of global climate change. Today, we compete globally for energy commodities—natural gas, oil, coal and others—and we
are facing increasing price volatility due to the influence of growing demands from developing countries like China and India, as well as the increasing competition for capital.
Against this backdrop, Constellation Energy is poised to make the most significant capital investments in our history to develop the power generation sources needed to meet growing consumer and business demand. To meet
the needs of future generations, we must act today. What makes the
energy sector so unique, and often so challenging, is that we must make long-term investment decisions in the face of considerable uncertainty. How do we ensure new generation is as environmentally friendly as possible? If “green” energy sources cost more—and today they do—how do we help to ease the financial burden on lower-income residential customers? Finally, how do we balance environmental and economic concerns, while still meeting our growth objectives for shareholders?
As a CEO, I don’t have a right to answer these challenging questions... I have the responsibility to do so. And so does our company. This is the essence of Responsible Leadership at Constellation Energy.
Translating Responsible Choices into Exceptional Performance
It begins with our own financial performance and obligations to our shareholders.
In 2007, we generated $21.2 billion in revenues and grew adjusted earnings by 27 percent to $4.60 per share, our highest earnings level
to date. Our 2007 earnings growth rate exceeded both the S&P electric utility index and the S&P 500 by at least 10 percentage points. During each of the last three years, we outpaced our industry peers in total shareholder return— 52 percent
in 2007, 23 percent in 2006 and
35 percent in 2005. We continue to be disciplined stewards of investor capital. During the fourth quarter of 2007, we executed on $250 million of an up to $1 billion stock repurchase program and, for 2008, we increased shareholder dividends by 10 percent to an annual $1.91 per share from $1.74 per share in 2007.
We’ve made great strides on several business initiatives in 2007, particularly related to the potential development of new nuclear units. Our joint venture with EDF Group, UniStar Nuclear Energy, is establishing itself as a comprehensive, robust international partnership that is well-positioned as a leader in the new nuclear renaissance in the
Mayo A. Shattuck III Chairman, President and CEO
Global Reports LLC
14
RESPONSIBLE LEADERSHIP
United States. While a decision to build a new nuclear facility has yet to be made, UniStar Nuclear Energy
is moving ahead with the licensing and permitting processes to site
a potential new unit at our existing Calvert Cliffs Nuclear Power Plant in Southern Maryland. A similar application is in the works to develop another potential nuclear unit at
our Nine Mile Point Nuclear Station in upstate New York. UniStar Nuclear Energy is also working with established and emerging energy companies to develop potential new nuclear units in Pennsylvania, Missouri and at other sites throughout the country. We believe nuclear energy, with low emissions and its ability to meet increasing demand, must play a vital role in securing our nation’s energy future.
Our existing nuclear and fossil plants are located in high-value asset markets and are well managed. In 2007, Calvert Cliffs achieved the highest capacity factor rating for a nuclear power plant in the world.
Our wholesale and retail competitive power and natural gas supply businesses continue to set the bar for our industry. During the past year, we made several acquisitions, enabling us to grow our wholesale load-serving business in the Southeast market, adding upstream gas reserves and expanding the geographic footprint of our retail gas operations in the Midwest market. To meet the needs of
our business customers, we’re significantly broadening the scope of our renewable energy portfolio. We announced several innovative renewable energy projects, and

Global Reports LLC
are helping our corporate clients, large and small, reduce their impact on the environment with solutions such as renewable energy products, and wind and solar power.
BGE is addressing the demand side of the energy equation, as well,
with a comprehensive program of customer-oriented conservation and demand response initiatives. Combined, these programs should help play a significant role in reducing energy usage. Customers who
use less electricity can experience significant savings on their bills. Lower demand also improves grid reliability and yields environmental dividends. The demand response program—PeakRewards—is quickly gaining traction—BGE's goal is to enroll 50 percent of its residential customers, making this potentially one of the nation's largest and most significant residential programs. BGE also plans to soon launch the pilot phase of a leading-edge advanced metering initiative to help customers better manage their energy usage. This technology takes the guesswork out of estimating electricity usage, and remote monitoring provides information that can lead to faster restoration during outages.
Investing For Future Growth and Environmental Sustainability Across the energy industry, we’re entering a phase that will feature significant capital investment in new generation, distribution and transmission systems and energy conservation programs to keep pace with increasing demand. Through 2010, we plan to invest $380 million in capacity expansion and reliability enhancements in our generation fleet. For 2008, we expect to invest more than $440 million in BGE
to meet anticipated customer growth and increased reliability, which we believe will lead to future earnings growth for BGE. And, through UniStar Nuclear Energy, we will continue to be at the forefront of new nuclear development.
Constellation Energy is committed to improving our environmental
management and performance. We have made considerable progress on the construction of the Brandon Shores scrubber that will make it one of the cleanest coal-burning facilities of its size in the country— part of a nearly $1 billion investment in environmental upgrades. We have one of the lowest-emitting generation fleets in our industry. That’s an important plus for our environment and, from a business standpoint, positions us well to benefit in a carbon-constrained economy.
Recently, we negotiated a comprehensive settlement agreement with political and regulatory leaders in our home state of Maryland. This agreement enhances our strategic flexibility and delivers meaningful benefits for both our company and BGE customers. Equally important, it allows for all parties to move forward with a focus on meeting Maryland’s future energy needs. By settling past disputes, we are moving to a more stable regulatory environment that is a fundamental building block as we consider significant capital investments in Maryland such as a new nuclear facility at Calvert Cliffs.
Delivering Continued Excellence
Consistently, the driver of our success has been our employees’ dedication to operational excellence— for our customers, investors and all of our stakeholders. This includes a demonstrated commitment to safety—an absolute imperative for our company across all lines of business. Calvert Cliffs was recently recognized as a Maryland Voluntary Protection Program (VPP) Star level site by the state of Maryland and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration. Less than one percent of the eight million worksites in the U.S. achieve the VPP level of safety performance, and we are using this as a model for our other generation plants and operation facilities.
I am particularly proud of the generosity of our company’s more than 10,000 employees. Their contributions to the United Way
in 2007 topped a record $5.1 million,
distinguishing us once again as the No. 1 contributor in Central Maryland and a leading contributor in other markets where we conduct business.
For the third consecutive year, Constellation Energy has been named to the Dow Jones Sustainability North America Index, based on companies that operate in a socially responsible and sustainable way.
In early 2008, we also were named to the 100 Best Corporate Citizens list by CRO (Corporate Responsibility Officer) Magazine.
We believe that the future bodes
well for Constellation Energy. Our management team has a superior track record of driving significant earnings growth and delivering substantial total shareholder return. We have a proven generation fleet and high-quality assets in high- value markets, providing us with clear and substantial earnings growth. With greenhouse gas regulation
on the horizon, our low-emitting fleet is well-positioned to drive long-term earnings.
Responsible leadership at Constellation Energy is about accountability. It encompasses our financial and environmental performance and the full scope of our business activities. It extends from our shareholders to the communities and stakeholder groups we serve. I’m proud to say this commitment is embedded in our core values, and it has played a pivotal role in creating what I believe is
an extraordinary company with an extremely bright future. I want
to thank all of you—employees, shareholders, customers and partners—for your ongoing support and contributions to our success.
Mayo A. Shattuck III April 8, 2008
 CONSTELLATION ENERGY
15
