Dear Fellow Shareholders:
The global economic crisis which began in 2008 affected your company in profound ways. We had to make dramatic shifts in strategy, reshape the management team and fundamen-
tally change the mix of our earnings power. Both the credit markets and
the commodities markets experienced sudden and sharp changes in 2008
and required prompt action and transformation at Constellation Energy. We have emerged chastened, but also confident in our new business model and the opportunities that we can pursue in the energy marketplace. To understand the effects of 2008, it is useful to look back over a longer period to put events into perspective.
Our company has been challenged in many ways in the past decade, and yet it remains a leader in many sectors of the energy market with excellent people and an excellent mix of physical assets. Ten years ago in 1999, the energy market in our home state of Maryland restructured from a regulated model to a competitive model, and many states across the nation also opened their electricity markets to competition.
To facilitate the restructuring process in Maryland, we agreed to a six-year rate freeze for our Baltimore Gas and Electric (BGE) residential electric customers. This cap kept residential power prices below market rates at a time when commodity fuel costs were rising, and it also reduced the profit- ability of both our utility and our
generation fleet. To compensate, we pursued a growth strategy around the emergence of competitive markets across the United States. We have strongly advocated the wisdom of competition in energy markets ever since. During this period, our increased earnings power allowed us to build and purchase new generation plants. We also developed the leading competitive platform to sell electricity to large commercial and industrial customers.
In many respects, ours was a contrarian strategy, and while we enjoyed many years of strong results, we’ve also encountered headwinds. Commodity prices increased dramatically since 2001, and the price of electricity did not keep up with the cost of fuel inputs. The rate caps in Maryland eventually expired and BGE’s residential customers were faced with large percentage increases in their bills in 2006. Adding to the price pressure on power were
the investments we needed to make to meet or exceed improved air emission standards and reduce the carbon footprint of our activities. Given the rising commodity prices and higher costs for environmental upgrades, power prices have increased significantly compared to the below-market levels under rate caps. During the transition to market prices, it has been difficult for many of our constituencies to under- stand or appreciate the merits of
restructuring and competitive energy markets, even though BGE’s rates have always been—and continue to be—in line with or below our peers in the MidAtlantic and Northeast regions.
As we developed our strategic platform to address the competitive markets, we became a leader in the marketing and trading of commodities, particularly electricity, gas and coal. Our success
in this business eventually led us to conclude that we should have a larger platform and a larger balance sheet to maintain the growth potential of these businesses. To that end, we agreed in December 2005 to merge with FPL Group, a partnership which would have created one of the nation’s largest gener- ators of clean power with our combined fleet of nuclear and renewable power plants. Unfortunately, the timing of this merger collided with the end of residential rate caps in Maryland, and the resulting political and regulatory firestorm ended our efforts to merge with FPL.
After the collapse of the merger, we engaged in 2007 and through 2008 in
a number of steps to achieve a similar strategic result, including exploring the sale or joint venture of our commodities activities. We also sought out and achieved a settlement with the State
of Maryland, which was intended to achieve greater regulatory and political stability by putting the angst of the controversial 1999 restructuring process behind us.
Global Reports LLC
1

While our businesses were growing nicely through this period, they were also dependent on a healthy credit market to support them. Market-based trading activities require capital on both a direct and contingent basis. Contingent capital has to be available to adjust for commodity price swings and potential rating agency actions, among other reasons. When we entered the unprecedented global credit crisis of 2008, commodity prices had already been experiencing their own unprecedented level of volatility. The combination of the two forces precluded our ability to consummate
a strategic action to broaden and stabilize our balance sheet since our likely partners all experienced similar pressures. The credit environment had suddenly frozen in a fashion where it was difficult to support the existing business on our own.
The violence of the markets in the fall of 2008 was unlike anything anyone in the financial markets had ever experi- enced. There was, no doubt, a need
to react urgently and instinctively. It was a crisis, and many decisions had
to be made in a market environment which was changing by the hour. In the face of financial institutions collapsing around us, we needed to address the potential ramifications of a credit rating downgrade and the inability to protect ourselves against it. We, therefore, made the decision to preserve the franchise
in the best way we had available, while maintaining the option to achieve a higher value if conditions warranted
2
it. That path was to sell Constellation Energy to an entity which had the strongest perceived financial where- withal, as well as an established strategic interest in the energy business. On Sept. 19, we entered into an acquisition agreement with MidAmerican Energy Holdings Company, a subsidiary of Warren Buffet’s Berkshire Hathaway. At the time, MidAmerican was unmatched as a financial and strategic partner. Its credibility in the markets allowed us to maintain our strong customer franchises and stabilize our platform. As the credit markets continued to erode between September and December, we worked diligently to reduce risk from our platform and downsize our commod- ities businesses, which required the kind of credit support no longer available in the market.
In early December, our partner in the new nuclear business, EDF Group, launched a bid to acquire one-half of our nuclear fleet in the form of a joint venture. Our Board of Directors made the determination that EDF’s offer
was superior to MidAmerican’s, and
we successfully terminated the merger agreement with MidAmerican. This was the kind of outcome we anticipated might happen with the passage of time after the crisis in September, and we were pleased that the successful bidder was not only our established partner, but the largest and most financially sound nuclear operator in the world.
This series of events in the latter half of 2008 had a high degree of transactional complexity, but I believe that when we complete the EDF transaction later this year we’ll find ourselves in a very strong place.
The decade-long history since restruc- turing began has presented many obstacles but also many opportunities. We grew our commodities businesses in response to competitive market oppor- tunities, and then rapidly downsized them as the capital markets collapsed. The success of these businesses over those years, however, allowed us
to invest and build several other important, more enduring businesses. We purchased three nuclear plants
to establish a fleet; built the largest competitive retail and wholesale power businesses in the country; established
a leading platform to pursue the new nuclear renaissance; and developed a cleaner and more efficient fleet of fossil and renewable generation plants. These surviving businesses, along with our regulated utility, BGE, have allowed us to increase our fundamental earnings power by 50 percent since 2001.
These gains and the broadening of
our earnings base are particularly meaningful when our long-term performance is compared to the broader market overall. From November 2001, when I became CEO, through the first quarter of 2009, our stock performance falls in the middle of all S&P 500 companies. The middle of the pack is not where we want to be long-term,
Global Reports LLC

but this example illustrates that our expanded earnings base endured the worst of an unprecedented financial meltdown in reasonably good fashion. Over time, we believe this strong, stable earnings power will translate
into greater stock value. Everyone at Constellation Energy has worked hard to adjust the mix of our earnings and thereby adjust to a new world where risk premiums on capital deployed have increased dramatically.
Having provided that background and context, let me review the performance for 2008. For the year, one-time events and special items primarily drove the lion’s share of the losses. Excluding
the MidAmerican merger termination costs and other special charges, our 2008 adjusted earnings would have been $3.57 per share. During the year, our employees continued their focus
on operational excellence, despite the market upheaval. Our nuclear units generated a record 32 million megawatt hours of electricity in 2008, and we were among the industry leaders with
a fleet capacity of 94.7 percent. Early this year, we set a world record for
a pressurized water reactor with the 692nd consecutive day of operation for Calvert Cliffs Unit 2.
We’re now nine months into a compre- hensive strategic realignment and we have sharply reduced our exposure to commodity price risk. We have signifi- cantly pared back the scope of energy trading activities. Earlier this year, we
divested our London-based coal and freight business and our wholesale natural gas business. As a result of these activities, we expect to receive $1 billion in collateral to support our ongoing businesses. Our de-risking activities will continue through this year.
Our strategic realignment will shift
the company’s business model to more stable, risk-adjusted earnings. The main driver of our profitability has been,
and will continue to be, our fleet of high-value plants, including our nuclear units, in energy markets such as PJM and New York. The output from our plants is largely unsold for 2011 and beyond. When the economy recovers and energy prices rise in the years ahead, these plants should drive stable earnings growth. BGE is the second cornerstone of our earnings foundation, providing stable earnings during this recessionary cycle and poised for growth when economic activity returns to more normal levels. Our wholesale and retail customer supply businesses represent the third earnings driver. These companies will continue to be leaders in the sector this year and should contribute about a third to our overall earnings in 2009.
Our key strategic priority for the year is to close the EDF transaction, and the process is on track. We’ve already received two key federal approvals, including the U.S. Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS) and the Federal Energy
Regulatory Commission (FERC), and we’re in the review process with other federal and state regulatory agencies. We still anticipate closing this trans- action in the third quarter of this year. I can say without hesitation that
the EDF joint venture is in the best long-term interest of our investors.
It allows the company to remain independent and publicly traded, preserving the potential for long-term share price appreciation when the stock market recovers. The EDF joint venture also complements our option to pursue the renaissance of nuclear power. This can become an exciting element of our strategic plan because this should be the right time in history to be among the leaders in developing low-carbon energy resources such as new nuclear facilities.
It’s also clear, however, that the lingering recession continues to take a toll on our performance and that of virtually every sector of our economy. What’s encour- aging, though, is that even in the midst of this economic malaise we’re seeing many positive signs that the energy
and environmental agendas are moving in the right direction in Maryland, Washington, D.C., and across the nation. These agendas translate directly into business opportunities and our company in some respects is ahead of the curve and well positioned. These are just a few examples:
n BGE residential customers are embracing new tools to help them manage and reduce energy usage.
Global Reports LLC
3

The utility has enrolled more
than 90,000 customers in its PeakRewardsSM program, which
was launched in May of 2008 and provides bill credits to customers who select a smart thermostat or switch to cycle their central air conditioners during times of peak demand. BGE is also launching a full suite of energy efficiency programs
to serve residential, commercial and industrial customers. BGE plans in the months ahead to seek Maryland Public Service Commission authori- zation and federal stimulus funding through the American Reinvestment and Recovery Act of 2008 to launch a multi-year Smart Grid initiative throughout the service territory. Building on the highly successful results of our pilot program last summer, Smart Grid would empower all customers to manage their energy consumption and peak demand in response to real-time pricing and usage information. Smart Grid would also enable new applications, including growing development
of renewable energy and “smart charging” of future plug-in electric vehicles. BGE anticipates that over time these and other transformational initiatives would reduce peak demand by as much as 1,700 megawatts, significantly offsetting the need to construct new, more expensive power generation facilities. These programs would significantly modernize the grid, enhance reliability and directly address key environmental initiatives such as climate change.
4
n Our commercial energy customers are committing to energy conser- vation and renewable technologies. Constellation NewEnergy is finding great interest in its demand response programs, in which customers receive payments from grid operators to curb energy usage during peak periods. In 2008, Constellation Energy Projects & Services, our energy services unit, deployed eight new solar installa- tions at customer sites in five states, including the first solar project for a Maryland state agency, the Maryland Environmental Service. Altogether, we own nearly five megawatts of distributed solar generation projects nationwide and believe this can be a growth area for the company if the proper federal and state incentive programs are put in place.
n The most dramatic signs of progress on the policy front are associated with new nuclear, as even one-time critics are now embracing this proven and safe technology as the most efficient and effective way to address global climate change. These projects have the potential to create thousands
of construction jobs, hundreds of permanent plant positions and improve grid reliability. A new unit three at Calvert Cliffs would generate 1,600 megawatts of non-greenhouse gas-emitting electricity, enough to power 1.3 million Maryland homes.
2008 was a year of unprecedented market upheaval and extraordinary challenge. Our results were disap- pointing. However, we took prompt and prudent steps to respond to the exceptional circumstances. As a result, we have largely regained our footing and secured an excellent partner for
our nuclear business in EDF. In a short period of time, we’ve made considerable progress on a promising growth plan for 2010 and beyond.
I would ask our shareholders to assess Constellation Energy’s long-term value proposition and to view the 2008 results in the context of the collapse
of credit markets and this unrelenting global economic downturn. The building blocks of our growth plan
are largely in place and will further solidify when we close our joint venture with EDF. Your management team
and Board believe that Constellation Energy’s values and people remain strong, and those two elements will continue to be crucial as we face
the future.
Mayo A. Shattuck III
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
April 16, 2009
 Global Reports LLC
