Dear Fellow Shareholders:
In 2005 ­ our third full year of profitability ­ Celgene delivered extraordinary results culminating with the FDA's approval of REVLIMID® in the final week of December. Our highest corporate priorities for 2005 remained constant ­ to complete multiple major clinical trials and to submit compelling clinical data to the FDA for review. The significance of the data produced in these trials and the subsequent FDA approval has positioned us well to accomplish our key 2006 corporate objectives. Accelerating the Momentum The REVLIMID approval was not the only reason 2005 was an exceptional year for Celgene. The year was transforming in many respects. The Company achieved outstanding results in its commercial operations and research and clinical programs, as well as a solid financial performance. Accomplishments included record total revenue and product sales; FDA approval of FOCALIN XRTM as well as of REVLIMID; submission of our REVLIMID supplemental new drug application (sNDA) for multiple myeloma, and its subsequent acceptance for priority review by the FDA; acceptance of our REVLIMID application in Europe and Switzerland for deletion 5q myelodysplastic syndromes
Total Revenue
Dollars in Millions

John W. Jackson
Executive Chairman

"We are proud of our assistance programs that help ensure patients access to the clinical benefits of our innovative therapies."

536.9

(MDS); our 2005 Analyst Day; and the announcement of our leadership succession plans. Effective as of May 1, 2006, Sol J. Barer assumed the role of Chief Executive Officer and Robert J. Hugin was appointed President and Chief Operating Officer of Celgene Corporation. We have full confidence that our new leadership will embrace the tradition of our firm's unique culture and innovative spirit that will help transform the lives of so many people worldwide and Celgene on a global scale. Our financial results for 2005 were strong, marked by record revenue and operating profits from multiple revenue streams. Total revenue for the year was $536.9 million, an increase of 42 percent over 2004. THALOMID® sales were

377.5

271.5

135.7 114.2

01

02

03

04

05

$387.8 million compared to $308.6 million in 2004, a 26 percent increase. Our

revenue from the FOCALINTM and Ritalin® family of drugs totaled $72.8 million, including a milestone payment of $20 million from Novartis for the FDA approval of FOCALIN XR. ALKERAN® sales reached $49.7 million, a significant increase from the prior year. THALOMID sales ­ the major contributor to our solid financial results ­ were driven by the growing volume of positive clinical data reported in peer-reviewed medical journals and presented at major international medical meetings. More than 100 clinical trials evaluating THALOMID worldwide were underway in 2005. Most recently, unprecedented new clinical data on THALOMID further underscored its meaningful role as a potential treatment for multiple myeloma. An independent data monitoring committee recommended unblinding
4
Celgene Corporation

the results from our pivotal Phase III trial evaluating THALOMID® as an oral combination therapy for the treatment of newly diagnosed multiple myeloma. The committee acted on these results because the clinical data overwhelmingly exceeded the pre-specified p<0.0015 value for stopping the trial for the primary endpoint time-to-disease progression. Our sNDA seeking marketing approval for THALOMID as a treatment for newly diagnosed multiple myeloma is under review, and we expect FDA action by late May 2006. In 2005, to help ensure long-term, sustainable growth in new products and revenue, and continue delivering on our commitment to improving patients' lives worldwide, we invested 36 percent of our revenue in research and development. We accelerated the progress of key late-stage regulatory programs, and advanced the work on promising compounds in early-stage and pre-clinical development. We increased research and development investments in REVLIMID® Phase II and Phase III programs, designed to expand the use of REVLIMID in the treatment of broad and diverse hematological and solid tumor cancers. As a consequence of our ongoing investment in the enormous potential of our disease-altering science, we now have a substantial pipeline of compounds. To date, we have received FDA approval for three products; two of those three may receive approvals and/or label expansions in the United States and Europe in 2006. On December 27, 2005, the FDA approved REVLIMID as the first oral targeted therapy for the treatment of patients with MDS with deletion 5q cytogenetic abnormality with or without other cytogenetic abnormalities. MDS is a group of blood cancers that affects approximately 300,000 people worldwide. In the United States,
R&D Investment
Dollars in Millions

Sol J. Barer, Ph.D.
Chief Executive Officer

"The value and potential of our oncology franchise is directly dependent on the growing body of unprecedented clinical results."

according to the American Cancer Society, 10,000 to 20,000 new cases of MDS are
190.8

diagnosed each year. The majority of these MDS patients must often rely on blood transfusions to manage symptoms of chronic anemia and fatigue until they develop life-threatening iron overload and/or toxicity. This supportive-care approach underscores the critical unmet medical need for new therapies that can alter disease by targeting the cause of the condition.

160.9 122.7 84.9 67.6

Executing the Plan For 2006, our goal is clear: We have no higher priority than to execute the most successful drug launch for hematological cancers. The plans for building and executing a "best-in-class" global launch of REVLIMID have been under development for

01

02

03

04

05

several years. As we achieve greater understanding of MDS and the unique therapeutic

benefits of REVLIMID, we are continually refining our approach to increase access to REVLIMID. In fact, Celgene has taken a global cross-functional approach to developing plans, initiatives and tools designed to help healthcare providers improve the lives of MDS patients worldwide. Our objective for REVLIMID® in the approved MDS indication is that it will supplant the current supportivecare options and become the standard of care for low-risk and intermediate-1-risk MDS patients with a deletion 5q cytogenetic abnormality. Our imperatives for REVLIMID in deletion 5q MDS include educating the global market about the disease and the therapeutic value of this product; partnering with advocacy groups to increase

2005 Annual Report

5

disease awareness and patient access to effective therapeutic options; and facilitating a positive product experience for patients and their healthcare providers. We are encouraged about our launch and are pleased with our early results. Our Celgene commercial team is communicating the appropriate risk and benefit information, and we are effectively executing our clinical and regulatory plans. Moreover, we are evaluating REVLIMID®'s potential in other areas. REVLIMID in an open-label Phase II clinical study demonstrated promising activity in an expanded indication in MDS. We also have striking results from two Phase III trials that tested REVLIMID in combination with dexamethasone versus dexamethasone alone in pre-treated patients with multiple myeloma. We intend to complete several registration-quality trials that, if positive, may lead to global marketing approvals of REVLIMID in multiple hematological malignancies, including newly diagnosed multiple myeloma, chronic lymphocytic leukemia, aggressive non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, myelofibrosis and amyloidosis. Such approvals would potentially address unmet medical needs for more than one million patients worldwide. A goal at Celgene is to be one of the world's leading biopharmaceutical companies. We are a recognized leader in the field of hematology, where we serve as a valuable resource for healthcare providers who treat patients with debilitating blood-borne diseases. The FDA approval of REVLIMID was a major milestone on our way to achieving this objective. We established an industry-leading patient assistance program that provides free therapy to qualified patients, and a Patient Support Solutions (PSS) program for the uninsured and the underinsured. We are currently conducting an Expanded Access Program ­ whereby we provide, under doctor supervision, free REVLIMID to patients who suffer from relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma ­ while our REVLIMID sNDA is under review by the FDA. Moreover, Celgene is also supporting several non-profit foundations that provide co-pay assistance to patients with MDS or multiple myeloma. These foundations help patients regardless of the type of therapy selected by their treating physicians. Assisting patients in need with access to the clinical benefits of our innovative medicines, and conducting breakthrough research so that more life-enhancing therapies are available, are just some of
Employees
956 749 703

the ways Celgene is working hard every day to improve the lives of patients battling cancer and other debilitating illnesses. Securing the Future We are making noteworthy progress across multiple areas of drug development. The major objective of our clinical-trial programs is to broaden our knowledge of the full potential of REVLIMID, and to evaluate and advance the promising potential of a broad range of other innovative, proprietary new products. Our clinical-trial programs produced impressive results in 2005. Data from these programs were highlighted at our Analyst Day conference in November and at major medical meetings around the world. Highlighted at the annual

394 326

01

02

03

04

05

American Society of Hematology (ASH) meeting in December, clinical investigators

representing leading cancer research centers reported unprecedented data from recent and ongoing clinical trials of THALOMID® and REVLIMID in a broad range of indications, including multiple myeloma. The more than 100 abstracts presented at the ASH meeting (in plenary, oral and poster sessions) accurately reflected the advances in our clinical programs. The presentations included 30 abstracts evaluating REVLIMID and 77 abstracts evaluating THALOMID. We will continue to make substantial investments in promising compounds that have the potential to yield clinical results of the kind presented throughout 2005. We are encouraged by what we accomplished in 2005 and are very excited about the opportunities that lie ahead.

6

Celgene Corporation

Cultivating a Global Culture An important objective for 2005 was to accelerate the transformation of Celgene into a global biopharmaceutical company. Toward that end, we established our international headquarters in Neuchâtel, Switzerland. We view the international markets as providing excellent opportunities for Celgene and our innovative drugs. The substantially larger patient populations affected by MDS and multiple myeloma in the developed markets outside of the United States, and the additional hematological indications under study, provide a great incentive to extend our global market presence. To achieve this very important objective, it is paramount for us to continue to reinforce our global culture. Deeply embedded in the Celgene culture are innovation, creativity, and the development and empowerment of its people. The global face of Celgene will be formed by people who genuinely have an opportunity to shape their own future and their own success. To the extent they are able to do so, our employees will directly influence the lives of cancer patients around the world and the success of Celgene. We continue to attract world-class leadership critical to the successful execution of our regulatory, clinical and commercial plans outside the United States, and we are now in the process of building our commercial infrastructure to support the potential launch of REVLIMID in targeted countries around the world. We are encouraged by the progress made thus far in building a world-class international organization designed to move quickly following regulatory approvals. In 2006, we expect to make great progress across all areas of Celgene, and we are preparing for a promising future. We believe that REVLIMID is well on its way to becoming a revolutionary drug. It has the potential to transform the standard of care for treating patients worldwide for a variety of cancers, and the ability to transform Celgene globally. As we launch REVLIMID, Celgene is positioned better than ever. THALOMID® and our other marketed products provide a solid and growing revenue base. We are well prepared to effectively launch REVLIMID in the United States, Europe, Australia and Canada following approval. We recognize that the many positive results achieved to date are the product of a determined, dedicated and accomplished team at Celgene, our stakeholders and our partners. We wish to acknowledge the invaluable counsel that Frank T. Cary contributed over the past 20 years as a trusted advisor and good friend to all of us at Celgene. We also welcome the addition of Rodman L. Drake to the Company's Board of Directors and look forward to his valuable contributions. To all of you, we are grateful for your extraordinary support and efforts.
Robert J. Hugin
President & Chief Operating Officer

"As we launch REVLIMID , Celgene is positioned better than ever."
®

John W. Jackson Executive Chairman

Sol J. Barer, Ph.D. Chief Executive Officer

Robert J. Hugin President & Chief Operating Officer

2005 Annual Report

7

