Dear Fellow Shareholders:

The numbers do tell the story, but not the whole story.
What they do not convey is a sense of the vision that has driven this company to success. At Celgene, our vision has always been focused on creating and seizing opportunities. The results for 2003 demonstrate why that guiding principle is as important today as it was when Celgene began. Celgene built its commercial, regulatory and discovery success by starting with a controversial drug, a drug that changed the way we develop therapeutic compounds today. In 2003, THALOMID® (thalidomide) generated sales of more than $223 million, while helping thousands of patients combating life-threatening conditions. We have made great
John W. Jackson
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

by our innovative, proprietary S.T.E.P.S.TM program, which enabled us to turn adversity to advantage. S.T.E.P.S. makes the appropriate distribution of THALOMID possible, and it may have utility for the distribution of other pharmaceutical products. Our ability to take hold of opportunity is also demonstrated by the fact that we have created multiple new product categories with transforming potential across all facets of our business. This is well demonstrated by our results for 2003, since we achieved not only record revenue but also our first full year of profitability, which puts us in an elite class of global biopharmaceutical companies reporting sustainable and growing profits. We accomplished this while significantly increasing our investment in research and development and retaining ownership rights to all of our valuable core pipeline programs. Both strategies are essential to the future of all Celgene stakeholders, including thousands of patients in need. In addition to greatly improving our financial results, we achieved positive exposure at major medical meetings for our late-stage development products; expanded our strong management team with key strategic hires; and enhanced our healthy financial position with a $400 million financing, through the issuance of convertible notes. Based on these successes, we believe that we entered 2004 well positioned for robust growth and for further advances in the clinical development of our outstanding pipeline. With these successes as a backdrop, here are the figures. In 2003, total revenues doubled to more than $271 million, driven primarily by increased sales of THALOMID. Sales of ALKERAN® and royalties from our Ritalin® family of products also made meaningful contributions to Celgene's increased revenues. For the full year, Celgene posted net income of $13.5 million, or $0.16 per diluted share, compared to a net loss of $100.0 million, or $1.29 per share, for 2002. We are proud of this major transition to full-year profitability after 17 years of existence. Celgene made significant progress during 2003 in its key clinical programs. To advance multiple novel compounds in our pipeline, we invested nearly $123 million in R&D, 45% more than in 2002. During the year, we submitted a supplemental new drug application (sNDA) for use of THALOMID in multiple myeloma, which was accepted by the FDA in early 2004 with a target regulatory action date of October 2004. Our licensee Pharmion obtained approval to market THALOMID for relapsed and refractory multiple

progress in establishing THALOMID as an important therapeutic with broad applications. Supporting those

applications are volumes of data from clinical studies of the drug worldwide in hematological and solid tumor cancers, as well as from peer-reviewed publications and clinical studies at world-class cancer centers. This once-unwanted drug passed a major milestone when it was included in 2003 in the opinion-leading National Comprehensive Cancer Network guidelines for combination therapy for newly diagnosed multiple myeloma patients. But this is just the beginning. Today we are using THALOMID as our primary roadmap for developing potent, next-generation cancer treatments (such as
Total Revenues
Dollars in Millions

REVLIMIDTM and ACTIMIDTM)
271

from our rich pipeline of Immunomodulatory Drugs (IMiDs ). Moreover, we
TM

% a 80 annu
co m u po nd

r lg

th ow

are successfully building a worldclass oncology and inflammation
136 114

franchise with a pipeline that includes other classes of drugs besides the IMiDs. This broad and deep pipeline holds great

85

26

clinical and commercial promise. Our willingness and ability to

99

00

01

02

03

seize opportunity is demonstrated

24

Celgene Corporation

myeloma in Australia and New Zealand. As noted above, we are using THALOMID as a starting point to develop innovative nextgeneration drugs. Our lead investigational product, REVLIMID, is more potent than THALOMID and eliminates many of the negative attributes that have restricted THALOMID's use. At Celgene, there is no higher priority than the accelerated approval of life-enhancing therapies like REVLIMID, and we continue to make excellent progress towards this goal. One of the trends we see emerging in cancer therapy is the increasing use of agents in combination to achieve superior results. Both THALOMID and REVLIMID are being tested in combination trials. The Southwest Oncology Group selected REVLIMID plus dexamethasone for a major clinical study in newly diagnosed multiple myeloma, and there is growing evidence that REVLIMID may be particularly effective in this setting. As for other products in the pipeline, Celgene successfully completed Phase I testing of its lead SelCID agent, an oral
TM

sales of Focalin and from royalties paid by Novartis on the entire Ritalin family of drugs. In 2003, a new study demonstrated that Ritalin LA provides statistically greater symptom management in children with ADHD over the course of the school day than does its major competitor, Concerta®. Novartis has completed Phase III pivotal trials of Focalin LA in adults and children, and has an ongoing study specifically designed to examine the effects of Ritalin LA in females with ADHD. Intellectual property is central to the value we are building at Celgene. During 2003, we advanced our IP portfolio in a number of important areas, including the S.T.E.P.S. program and our kinase inhibitor program. In the latter case, multiple fundamental U.S. patents were issued for our highpotential c-Jun N-terminal kinase (JNK) programs, an area of signifigant research by many companies. We carried out other strategic initiatives during the year. We reinforced our senior leadership team by adding seasoned managers with
Sol J. Barer, Ph.D.
President and Chief Operating Officer

drug with PDE 4 inhibitor activity and anti­TNF alpha activity. We expect to advance this agent in inflammatory and respiratory indications during 2004. The lead product in our exciting JNK inhibitor program, where we have a significant intellectual property position and a deep pipeline, successfully completed Phase I testing. In 2003, we obtained rights from GlaxoSmithKline to distribute and promote ALKERAN, a therapy approved by the FDA for the treatment of multiple myeloma. This strategic agreement provides us with an approved oncology product that complements our clinical product portfolio. We were pleased with the positive acceptance of ALKERAN in its first year on the market under the Celgene banner. We leveraged internal
R&D Investment
Dollars in Millions

specialized experience in key areas, such as global clinical and regulatory activities and sales and marketing. We also strengthened Celgene's capital structure while conditions in the capital markets were favorable. In June, we completed the placement of $400 million of 1.75% Convertible Notes with a 50% conversion premium due 2008. Celgene finished the year with more than $665 million in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. We expect that 2004 will be another significant year for Celgene as we advance our lead late-stage clinical products towards regulatory approval, and as we move our rich pipeline of investigational compounds through clinical trials. We anticipate achieving good growth in both revenues and profits even as we again increase our investment in the R&D that truly represents the future of Celgene. We want to thank the extraordinarily talented men and women whose commitment, creativity and hard work make Celgene such an exciting growth company. And we want to thank you, our fellow shareholders, for your continued confidence and support.

capabilities to create revenue
123

opportunities through our licensing agreement with Novartis for Focalin and the Ritalin family of
TM ®

c

po om

un

% 34 annu
d

g al

ro

w

th

85

drugs, which are treatments for Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity

68 56 39

Disorder (ADHD.) It was our pioneering efforts in chiral chemistry that enabled us to develop the refined formulations of Ritalin, which are now bringing us additional revenue

John W. Jackson
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Sol J. Barer, Ph.D.
President and Chief Operating Officer

99

00

01

02

03

streams from growing product
25

Annual Report 2003

