At Celgene, we seek to deliver truly innovative and life-changing therapies for patients.
Robert J. Hugin Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

To Our Shareholders:
It is a great privilege to report the accomplishments of the dedicated team at Celgene during 2014, a year of outstanding growth and operating momentum. We delivered exceptional financial performance while making strategic investments that position the company to leverage the advances in biomedical science, now and in the years to come. We are in an exciting period within the biopharmaceutical sector. Several years of investment have led to an enhanced understanding of the human genome and intracellular function. These advances have ushered in the development of insights that have accelerated the transition from hypothesis to therapeutic application. The capabilities enabled the recent introduction of several paradigm changing therapies across a spectrum of diseases. While the level of scientific progress is accelerating, we are still in the early stages. To fully realize the next wave of potential scientific breakthroughs requires an ecosystem that appropriately incentivizes and protects innovation. By focusing on developing disease-altering therapies for patients with the greatest medical needs, we can deliver products with the strongest value to patients, their physicians and society. Celgene has a rich history of focused, innovative research that supports our leadership in Hematology Oncology and Inflammation and Immunology (I&I). Our commercial portfolio of medically differentiated therapies provides meaningful benefits in the lives of patients worldwide. Our Research and Early Development efforts are positioned to advance paradigm changing therapies in several core areas that include protein-homeostasis, epigenetics and immuno-oncology. To provide strategic vision and ensure that we maximize our available opportunities, we are guided by five strategic imperatives: · Operational Excellence · Capitalizing on Strength in Hematology · Expanding in Oncology · Strengthening in Inflammation and Immunology · Sustaining Innovation and Long-term Growth sales of $7.6 billion, a 19% year-over-year gain. Adjusted earnings per share grew 24% year-over-year to $3.71 highlighting the powerful operating leverage within our model. We achieved this leverage while significantly investing in the global product launches within our Hematology & Oncology and I&I franchises and advancing over 50 unique programs through various stages of preclinical and clinical development. We further optimized our capital structure by taking advantage of the favorable interest rate environment and issuing $2.5 billion in bonds. In addition, we returned $2.9 billion in capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program. Since implementing the program six years ago, we have repurchased over $10 billion of our common stock demonstrating confidence in our pipeline and long-term strategy.

Capitalizing on Strength in Hematology
A major part of our 2014 success comes from the strong performance of our Hematology franchise in which total net product sales grew to $6.6 billion, a 16% year-overyear increase. The cornerstone of the Hematology franchise is our multiple myeloma business, which is driven by our flagship product, REVLIMID®. Net REVLIMID sales approached $5 billion, a 16% year-over-year increase. Throughout 2014 we advanced regulatory discussions leading to approvals earlier this year in the U.S. and Europe that enable newly diagnosed myeloma patients access to this vital therapy. Additionally, we continued the global launch of POMALYST®/IMNOVID® for patients who have previously received two prior therapies. Global net POMALYST/IMNOVID sales grew 123% year-over-year to $680 million. We are focused on extending our leadership position in myeloma by advancing novel, complementary therapies with the poten tial to further change the natural history of this incurable cancer. Significant clinical progress in 2014 has positioned our myeloid disease business to expand three-fold to approximately $3 billion in the future. This business currently consists of VIDAZA® for myeloid dysplastic syndromes (MDS) and REVLIMID for patients with deletion 5q MDS. We expect to expand into new patient segments with VIDAZA in elderly acute myeloid leukemia (AML) and REVLIMID in non-deletion 5q MDS over the next 12 months. There also was early clinical validation of our partnered programs, AG-221 for IDH2

Operational Excellence
2014 marks another year of outstanding financial performance. Our commercial teams delivered robust total net product

Page 2

Celgene Corporation 2014 Annual Report

mutant AML, in addition to sotatercept and luspatercept for transfusion-independent MDS and beta-thalassemia. These innovative programs complement our existing myeloid pipeline that includes CC-486, which is in phase III trials for MDS and AML. We are gaining substantial momentum in extending our leadership position within hematology to include diseases such as non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. During 2014, patient enrollment completed in two landmark phase III trials evaluating REVLIMID® as maintenance therapy in patients with diffuse-large B-cell lymphoma (REMARC) and REVLIMID with Rituxan® as a chemotherapy-free alternative for patients with follicular non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (RELEVANCE®). We also began three additional phase III trials (AUGMENTTM, MAGNIFYTM, and ROBUSTTM) to evaluate REVLIMID in different clinical strategies and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma patient segments. Data from the comprehensive program are expected beginning in early 2017.

disease and we are aggressively advancing a comprehensive registration program.

Sustaining Innovation and Long-term Growth
Leading-edge scientific research remains our passion. We are focused on developing disruptive approaches to high value disease pathways. Our integrated and distributed research model is designed to amplify our internal core strengths with com plementary external capabilities. The result is the ability to launch robust campaigns that focus research and development in areas of high potential medical impact while expanding the product pipeline. Our productivity metrics by numbers do not tell the full story of innovation and potential impact: 12 early-to-mid-stage pipeline programs are positioned to advance to critical decision points over the next 24 months and eight new phase I trials are expected to begin within the next 12 months. All of this progress paves the way for sustainable growth and, most importantly, gives patients potential options and hope.

Expanding in Oncology
The global launch of ABRAXANE® for pancreatic cancer continued throughout 2014 resulting in net product sales of $848 million, a 31% year-over-year increase. Since receiving its first approval for pancreatic cancer in 2013, ABRAXANE with gemcitabine has quickly become a standard of care and is being studied as a backbone regimen in over two dozen ongoing trials with novel agents. New data announced last December in early-stage breast cancer further demonstrated ABRAXANE's differentiated clinical profile. We are investing to optimize the brand's core indications for lung, breast and pancreatic cancer while at the same time evaluating its use with emerging immuno-oncology drugs. Immuno-oncology is one of the most promising areas of cancer research in which we believe ABRAXANE is uniquely positioned to become the chemo therapy combination partner of choice.

Growth Outlook to 2020
Throughout 2014, we have been focused on growing our business and building the foundation for sustaining innovation and long-term success, a winning combination for our shareholders and the patients we serve. The dedication and commitment to excellence by our employees and partners worldwide are the drivers of our success. They lead us to have confidence in projecting exceptional growth through 2020 and beyond. As we carry the momentum of 2014 into this year and with the passing achievement of each milestone, our conviction grows even stronger in our ability to achieve the 2020 financial targets of over $20 billion in net product sales and over $12.50 in adjusted earnings per share.

Conclusion
All of us at Celgene are excited about the future and have never been more committed to creating innovative therapies for unmet medical needs in cancer and immune-inflammatory diseases. Each of us is focused on executing for today and investing for tomorrow so that we may positively impact the lives of underserved patients and produce value for the shareholders who have placed their trust in us.

Strengthening in Inflammation & Immunology (I&I)
We are establishing a leading Inflammation and Immunology franchise. Over the last 12 to 18 months we launched OTEZLA® for psoriatic arthritis and moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis in the U.S., Europe and other international markets. Early launch metrics are encouraging with OTEZLA's profile as an effective, safe and convenient treatment option resonating in the marketplace. In addition, we are evaluating the potential for OTEZLA to benefit patients with Behçet's disease, atopic dermatitis and ulcerative colitis. In 2014, we strengthened our I&I pipeline through the acqui sition of GED-0301, a potential paradigm changing approach to treating Crohn's disease. GED-0301 is a novel, first-inclass product that targets a key signaling protein thought to be involved in the development of the disease. Phase II data published in the New England Journal of Medicine highlight the product's robust activity in addition to the potential for disease modification. We are excited about the impact this product could have for patients suffering from Crohn's

Robert J. Hugin Chairman and Chief Executive Officer



Celgene Corporation 2014 Annual Report

Page 3

