2

LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS

LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS
Dear Fellow Stockholder:
We've just completed a year that began with some observers questioning the long-term viability of the North American nitrogen fertilizer industry. Yet today, there's a burgeoning recognition that changes in industry fundamentals have created significant opportunities for us. In fact, some investors have asked recently whether we have idle capacity available to bring back on line. (We do not!) Many of those opportunities are centered on the "sweet spot" of CF Industries' market: the United States' Corn Belt. Of course there are persistent challenges, but we are committed to addressing them and creating long-term value for our stockholders. positive developments that have continued into the spring of 2007. For the year, we reported net earnings of $33.3 million, or $0.60 per common share, compared to a net loss of $39.0 million, or $0.71 per share, in the previous year, primarily due to 2005 IPO-related items. I'm proud of our 2006 performance, particularly after the difficult first quarter. In a challenging year, we delivered good financial results, and we worked to position the company to capitalize on the expected strength in 2007. I believe the financial community has recognized our performance and prospects, as the price of our common stock increased significantly during the fourth quarter of 2006 and set new highs during the early months of 2007. One positive development is certainly the rapid growth of ethanol production. The Renewable Fuels Association reports that, to meet mandated usage levels, corn-based ethanol capacity will more than double to 11.4 billion gallons annually by mid-2008. Corn is one of the more intensively fertilized crops in North America. Increased corn demand comes when world ending stocks for this crop are at their lowest levels since the mid1970s, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Compounding the situation, fewer planted acres and lower yields brought the 2006 U.S. corn crop in well below expectation. Reflecting this tightness, U.S. farm level corn prices jumped more than 50 percent during the year, closing at a December 2006 average of more than $3.00 per bushel. Early in 2007, Doane Agricultural Services estimated that planted corn acreage would jump from 78.3 million acres in 2006 to 87.1 million acres in 2007. Low worldwide wheat stocks are expected to drive increased acreage for that crop, too. On top of all that, high grain prices should encourage growers to increase fertilizer application rates to more normal levels to maximize yields. For example, nitrogen application rates are predicted to reach 134 pounds per planted acre of corn in 2007, up 6 percent from last year.

A Challenging Start to 2006
CF Industries began 2006 facing what we've referred to as a "hurricane hangover." Late summer 2005 Gulf Coast hurricanes drove domestic natural gas prices ­ and nitrogen fertilizer prices ­ to levels at which many customers could not justify major purchase commitments. We reduced operating levels at our Donaldsonville, Louisiana nitrogen complex, meeting many commitments with product purchased at better, though marginal, economics. Our Florida phosphate business, less sensitive to natural gas prices, maintained high operating rates and positive margins during this period. Our Medicine Hat, Alberta nitrogen complex, fed by lower-priced Canadian natural gas, also maintained good operating levels. However, their performances could not offset the challenges. As a result, we reported a net loss for the first quarter.

Caution, Then Confidence
Moderating natural gas prices, improving production economics, and a rebound in demand helped the company return to profitability in the second quarter. We entered the third quarter playing a bit of a "game of chicken." Our third quarter was profitable, but many customers remained on the sidelines with their fall 2006 and spring 2007 orders, anticipating that moderating natural gas prices would bring further declines in fertilizer prices, especially for nitrogen. However, the fourth quarter saw a strong fall ammonia application season and the convergence of a number of

A New Competitiveness
I'm excited about these opportunities and the fact that we, as a nation, are beginning to address one of the major issues that has tormented the domestic nitrogen fertilizer industry.

LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS

3

In March of 2007, CF Industries moved its corporate headquarters into leased space in this building in Deerfield, Illinois. The new headquarters, smaller than the company's underutilized facility in Long Grove, Illinois, is closer to downtown Chicago, airports, and major highways. CF Industries has put its former headquarters property up for sale.

The issue is the price of natural gas. Nitrogen fertilizer production requires huge amounts of natural gas as a feedstock. For years, our federal government has encouraged use of environmentally-clean natural gas but has systematically restricted exploration and development. However, the landscape is changing. December brought passage of the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act of 2006. This landmark legislation, strongly supported by CF Industries, opens extensive new reserves to exploration and development. Worldwide investment in liquefied natural gas (LNG) production, transportation, and storage facilities, including a number of terminals in the U.S. Gulf Coast region, is adding new supplies and beginning to create a more global market for natural gas. Yet issues remain. For years, the U.S. nitrogen industry has had to compete against countries where competitors received natural gas from state-controlled sources at lessthan-commercial rates. I'm encouraged to see that practice changing in some countries, but in others ­ notably Russia ­ nitrogen producers continue to receive natural gas at government-set below-market prices. Reform of these practices is critical to achieving a truly level playing field in this industry. The best assets win on a level playing field, and we believe our nitrogen and phosphate operations are all world-class. Add in our Corn Belt-based distribution system and we believe we have a great opportunity to capitalize on the expected opportunities facing us.

more ­ and counting ­ without a single lost-time accident. In fact, four of those were at 40 years plus! The corporate safety achievement is really a collection of some 1,400 individual achievements by each and every CF Industries employee. It results from their attention to safe practices observed on a continuous basis. And it is an absolute priority, up to and including senior management.

A Word of Thanks
Coping with the challenges of a volatile 2006 and positioning the company to take advantage of 2007's opportunities required the committed, dedicated efforts of our employees in the U.S. and Canada. I want to thank them for their efforts, personally and on behalf of our stockholders. I also thank the other members of our Board of Directors; their counsel and support were invaluable in navigating this exciting, challenging, and successful year. And finally, I thank you ­ our stockholders ­ for your belief in this company's future. Sincerely,

Stephen R. Wilson Chairman and Chief Executive Officer April 4, 2007

An Important Milestone
In 2006, we completed the entire year without a single lost-time accident at any CF Industries location. In fact, our incidence rate for injuries, illnesses, and lost workdays was 53 percent below the overall average for American industry. Just as impressively, by the end of 2006, ten of the company's distribution facilities had achieved 30 years or

