CHESAPEAKE ENERGY CORPORATION

CHESAPEAKE CONTINUES to

lead the independent oil and
CHESAPEAKE'S CONTINUED PROGRESS

natural gas industry in creating shareholder value.
tor in totil shareholder return Qut

company has led the sec-

turns through the application of advanced drilling and completion techniques.

for the past two years 544% n fiscal 995 and 431% in fiscal 1996. We believe this success is attributable to our focused and clearly articulated strategy and to our expe-

Our successful implementation of this strategy has enabled Chesapeake to become one of the premier inde-

company; and Close alignment of shareholder and management interests resulting from management's 40% ownership stake. Before explaining why we believe

pendent energy producers. As the
corn panv has matured, we have developed the following five competitive advantages that we believe are the

rienced and highly motivated iiianagement team, supported by technical teams second to none. Since Chesapeake's inception in 1989, our business strategy has been "growth through the drill hit." Using this strategy, the company has rapidly expanded its reserves and produc-

these competitive advantages can continue to generate attractive returns to our shareholders, we will
highlight our results for fiscal 1996. During the year, Chesapeake: Increased oil and natural gas production 88% to 60 Bcfe; Increased total revenues 122% to $149.4 million; Increased earnings 100% to $23.4 million and earnings per share 91% to $0.80; Increased operating cash flow 100% to $90.3 million; Increased proved reserves 76% to 425 Bcfe and increased SEC-PV1O value 193% to $547 million.

tion through the acquisition and development of large blocks of undeveloped acreage overlying deep, tinderdeveloped geological reservoirs such as fractured carbonates. We are attracted to these reservoirs because they offer low geological risk, large reserve potential, and the opportunity to earn attractive economic re-

keys to continued growth: Growth through the drillbir business strategy; Five-year inventory of future drilling opportunities created by establishing dominant leasehold positions; Technological leadership resulting in new oil and gas discoveries and a lower cost structure; Superior profit margins that generate high levels of cash flow per unit of production to reinvest in growing our

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

CHESAPEAKE ENERGY CORPORATION

450,000

1996'S ACHIEVEMENTS
70,000 600,000

1992

1993

994

995

Proved Reserves Growth

56000

400,000

42,000

360,000

28,000

240,000

4,000

20,000

,92

'r3

'!'

I

[ !'

ll
2,250

'r3

l4

Oil and Gas Production Growth

Asset Growth

These graphs

illustrate Chesapeake's dynamic five-year record of growth.

100,000

80,000

1,800

60,000

1,350

40,000

0

900

20,000

450

I3

I4

5

1992

.

I4

995

Cash Flow Growth

Acreage Inventory Growth

25,000

20,000

15,000

10,000

5,000

1992
1993

Earnings Growth

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

CHESAPEAKE ENERGY CORPORATION

TO BECOME A LEADER in any

industry, and more importantly,
CHESAPEAKE'S COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGES

to remain a leader, a company

must develop distinctive core
R1u,k

TO P OPERATORS ONSHORE USA Operator narre Rig Covrt Avg. Depth

c o rn p e t e n c i e s t h a t

L 2.
3.

Union PacifIc Texaco

4.

Enron Chesapeake

36 36 29

14,555

10160
10,548

distinuish it from its
competitors. This is
especially true in the

23

16,012

:&r.ars1ey
7. 8. 9.

10.

Chevron Sonar Marathon Burlington
30. 1996

19

17
17
13

243

9,492 12,476 12,182 10,240 11,082

independent energy

sector where more than 200 major and independent public companies compete to find,

develop, and produce oil and natural gas.
LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

CHESAPEAKE ENERGY CORPORATION

Growth through the drilibit
COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE N°. i
The its shareholders are generated
by the company's expertise in producing large amounts of oil and gas from unconventional reservoirs. These reservoirs have traditionally been uneconomic to develop because of their geological complexity. Using new technologies, however, we can
now profitably exploit these reservoirs rewards for Chesapeake and

Secondly, there is less competition

The success of this growth
through the drillbit strategy is most
evident in Chesapeake's oil and natu-

for good exploration ideas in
Chesapeake's areas of operation because most major oil and natural gas
companies have significantly reduced domestic onshore exploration efforts,

ral gas production growth. In the
fourth quarter of fiscal 1993, our first

full quarter as a public company,
Chesapeake produced 1 .1 Bcfe. By the fourth quarter of fiscal 1996, just three years later, Chesapeake's production had increased sixteenfold to 17.6 Bcfe. Dtiring fiscal 1 996, Chesapeake

and many independent producers
have focused on producing property acqtlisitions. With less competition, our company has a greater opportunity to leverage its exploration expertise into new areas that could significantly increase shareholder
value.

and generate a rapid return on our
investments. We have elected to btiild our com-

pany through our expertise with the drillbit rather than by acquiring other

The third reason for
Chesapeake's growth through the drilibit strategy is the efficiency created

Chesapeake's growth through the drilibit strategy has resulted in high returns on investment, greater reserve recovery, and increased efficiency and cash flow.
continued its high level ofdrilling activity, finishing as the fourth most active driller of new wells and ranking first in average depth drilled per well (more than 16,000 feet).

companies producing properties.
This strategy makes Chesapeake fundamentally different and more profitable than most independent energy companies for three reasons.

from owning new wells. J ust as in operating any

First, this strategy enables our
company to capture more upside by drilling new wells that have much higher prodtictive capabilities than older wells. In Chesapeake's project
areas, new wells can develop reserves

with a valtie of up to five times the
cost of drilling such wells. They provide a much higher return on investment than can be generated by purchasing partially depleted wells from other companies and then attempting to stimulate marginal production
increases.

new equipment, operating a newly drilled well is less expensive than operating an older well which requires ongoing maintenance. Consequently, the company's administrative and production costs per unit of oil and natural gas prodticed have been the lowest in the industry. This cost structure provides Chesapeake with more cash flow to reinvest in its drilling program, thereby

By drilling deeper and utilizing
today's most sophisticated technologies in developing well-known, hut underexploited reservoirs, our company can reduce exploration risk and increase the potential for discovering large amounts of new oil and natural
gas reserves.

providing a key component of the funding required to continue the
company's growth.

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

CHESAPEAKE ENERGY CORPORATION

COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE N°.

Five-year inventory of drilisites
The
leading indicator of any oil and natural gas producer's potential for future success is the

Through Chesapeake's strategy of

building a long-term Inventory of
future drillsites, a prospective inves-

1.000

600

size and quality of its inventory of
future drilling projects. Chesapeake's five-year inventory of undrilled loca-

tor is not required to speculate on how Chesapeake will replace its
produced reserves. Instead, an inves-

600

400

tions is our second competitive advantage and provides the springboard

for our continued reserve and production growth.
For all energy producers, the greatest challenge is replacing the reserves

tor only has to examine our inventory of over 900 undrilled locations to evaluate whether Chesapeake has the ability to maintain its superior
growth rates. This inventory consists ofprospective drillsites in the Louisi-

200

With over 900 undrilled locations in inventory Chesapeake has the potential to double its oil and natural gas production and reserves.
that deplete naturally through daily
oil and gas production. Similarly, the greatest challenge facing energy investors is to identify companies that

ana Austin Chalk Trend,

the downdip Giddings
Field in Texas, the Knox

and Sholem Alechem
Fields in southern Oklahoma, and our new project areas in the Arkoma Basin

The common theme linking these projects is Chesapeake's exploration focus on geologically complex reservoirs, especially deep fractured carbonates. When subjected to intense geological pressure, these formations have a tendency to fracture vertically. Because of past technological limitations, fractured carbonate reservoirs have been underexploited. With the

in eastern Oklahoma, the

continuing evolution of horizontal

Lovington area in eastern New
Mexico and the Williston Basin in North Dakota and Montana. Successful drilling of Chesapeake's inven-

drilling, 3-D seismic, and new
completion techniques, Chesapeake has been able to exploit these hydrocarbon-rich formations over the past three years. We hope to make further discoveries in the future while maintaining a large backlog of drillsites.

can continue to grow their reserves and production while generating superior rates of return.

tory has the potential to more than
double the company's proved reserves

of oil and natural gas.

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

CHESAPEAKE ENERGY CORPORATION

Technological leadership
COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE N°.

3

S

cientific progress in such areas as horizontal drilling, 3-D seismic, and deep fracture stimula-

300

exploration areas in the U.S. Chesapeake also has increased its
expertise by applying another sign ificant industry advancement, 3-D seis-

240

tion have enabled Chesapeake to identify and develop new oil and
natural gas reserves more profitably than at any time during the past 20 years. While distinguishing itself in

00

20

60

mic imaging. Advancements in computer processing capability have enabled exploration companies to eni32

l3

each of these new technologies,
Chesapeake's leadership in horizontal drilling is particularly distinctive.
Our company is now the second lead-

If4

l5

hance their understanding of deep
geological structures. When applied
in the appropriate geological environ-

Horizontal Wells Drilled

ing driller of horizontal wells in the world, drilling 90 such wells in fiscal 1996 and 275 since 1990. The company's expertise in horizontal drilling provides the potential for greater reserve recovery per dollar invested at an unusually low level of risk. This results in a much higher rate of return on invested capital than is typically enjoyed by the industry. The talent of Chesapeake's exploration teams, the company's strong alliances with the vendors who de-

ging-while-drilling tools, downhole motors, and drillbit technology have enabled Chesapeake to ex-

ment, this technology results in
higher success rates and more prolific

tend the industry's depth
barrier from 13,000 feet to

Chesapeake's focus on exploring for underdeveloped reservoirs using advanced technologies provides considerable upside

almost 17,000 feet. This
provides a much larger fair-

way of potentially produc-

tive acreage for the company to develop.

at relatively iow risk
wells.

The extension of this
depth limit is important because as horizontal drilling technology improves, the number of prospective drillsites on Chesapeake's leasehold inventory can continue to increase. In the past year alone, the company
added over 400 drillsites to its inventory as a result of deeper drilling successes and an aggressive leasehold ac-

During fiscal 1996, Chesapeake acquired or participated in eight 3D seismic projects in four states. As a result of early drilling success on our

sign and manufacture horizontal
drilling equipment, and our willingness to experiment with new ideas have allowed Chesapeake to drill increasingly deeper horizontal wells and thereby expand the boundaries of our

3-D seismic projects in the Knox, Lovington, and Williston Basin areas, we have planned an additional twelve 3-D projects in six states in
fiscal 1997. We believe 3-D seismic surveys will play an increasingly important role in our future exploration projects.

fields. For example, in just the past
two years, technical improvements in measurement-while-drilling and log-

quisition program in the Louisiana Austin Chalk Trend. This area, considered uneconomical just two years ago, is today one of the most active

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

CHESAPEAKE ENERGY CORPORATION

Superior profit margin
COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE N°. 4
fourth competitive

advantage is our high profit Chesapeake's margin per-unit-of-production. During fiscal 1996, this margin was $0.77 per Mcfe, the highest in our peer group. This margin is defined as oil and natural gas revenues
minus lease operating costs (which in-

and natural gas reserves; Concentrating the company's drilling in areas which provide the critical mass necessary to spread operating and overhead costs over a large number of
we! Is;

clude lease operating expenses and production taxes), general and administrative expenses, and oil and gas

depreciation, depletion, and amorti-

Chesapeake's low-cost operating

structure and drilling efficiencies

generate the highest profit margins

in the compans peer group.
iation expenses. We believe the key to creating shareholder value is generating large amounts of cash flow

Operating 87% of the company's production, thereby allowing our employees to implement the most costeffective and technologically sophisticated drilling, completing, and operatin procedures; and Maintaining a flat organizational structure with performance-based pay and stock option incentives to motivate
Chesapeake's employees so they can quickly respond to attractive opportunities. Although we believe continuing

Profit Margin Advantage

ing, and administrative costs and are adversely effected by the time value of money and the risk of future mechanical problems, are less valuable than reserves that can be monetized more quickly. Consequently, reserves produced in a shorter time frame have

higher profit margins and therefore are more likely to create shareholder
value than longer-lived reserves.

Chesapeake attempts to develop large per-well oil and natural gas reserves with an average life of five to seven years, intentionally shorter than

from Chesapeake's superior profit
margin and then reinvesting this cash flow into the profitable search for new
reserves. We have developed our company's

worldwide economic growth may
cause oil and gas prices to increase, Chesapeake budgets for inflation-ad-

the industry average of eight to ten
years. The combination of accelerating the production of reserves, generating high cash flows from the production, and then successfully reinvesting the cash flows into a technologically advanced exploration program is the formula that we believe can provide Chesapeake's shareholders with increasing value.

justed prices to remain flat in the coming years. Therefore, management believes the most profitable Mcf of gas or barrel of oil that can be pro-

low cost structure by: Utilizing advanced drilling and completion technologies to reduce the cost of finding and producing the company's oil

duced is the one produced today.

Long-lived reserves, which are
burdened by future operating, financ-

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

CHESAPEAKE ENERGY CORPORATION

COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE N°.

Management's large equity stake
fifth competitive advantage is management and Chesapeake's

Looking Forward
Chesapeake's growth strategy has always been based on three fundamental beliefs:

directors' ownership of approximately 42% of Chesapeake's
equity, among the highest in the industry and of all NYSE-listed companies. ihis large ownership stake has fostered a culture ofentrepreneurship

in our company that we believe restilts in more creative and productive

Greater financial returns and more shareholder value can be created by drilling
new wells;

Management and directors' 42% equity stake in Chesapeake, one of the highest of NYSE companies, creates an alignment of management and shareholder interests.
To accelerate this evolution, we are committed to increasing the financial strength of our company so that we can more reliably replicate our results over the long term. Our success in fiscal 1996 provides the foundation for our optimism that Chesapeake will continue to remain an industry leader in creating shareholder
value.

employees. Furthermore, it more
closely aligns the interests of manage-

ment and shareholders.

The daily decisions involved in managing Chesapeake's active and
technically sophisticated drilling pro-

gram are made decisively and are
implemented by employees who have

direct lines of communication to
management and a significant stake in the outcome of those decisions.

Large amounts of oil and natural gas reserves remain in fractured carbonate reservoirs; and Continuing advances in technology will enable Chesapeake to more profitably extract its existing reserves and to more easily develop significant new reserves.

During the past seven years, we
have grown from five employees and

/

This flat organizational structure
combined with our motivated work teams enables Chesapeake to seize

$50,000 in assets to an industry
leader with 275 employees and an enterprise value of almost $2 billion. 'Ve

Aubrey K. McClendon Chairman and CEO

competitive opportunities more
quickly and to establish leasehold
dominance in its areas of operations.

believe Chesapeake is evolving into one of the premier large capitalization independent energy producers.

Tom L. Ward President and COo October 1, 1996

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

