 To our fellow shareholders,
2009 was both a challenging and exceptional year for C.H. Robinson. While we fell short of our long-term target of 15 percent earnings growth, we feel very good about our results, how we adapted to the recession, and the strength and tenacity of our people. Through the focused execution and dedication of our employees, we managed through the worst freight environment in decades and still had an earnings increase for the year—one of very few publicly-traded transportation companies to do so.
What explains our solid performance, when so many of our competitors and businesses in other industries struggled? Our formula for success was simple. We needed to sell, aggressively manage our expenses, and communicate and adjust to the market. We continued to be disciplined about our business in the short term, while not losing our long-term view of our opportunities. We did
not waver from investing in our future growth and stayed on offense in the marketplace. In many ways, C.H. Robinson may have differentiated itself from the competition more this year than in many higher growth years. Every business was tested, and we remain very profitable and as strong as ever.
Adjusting to the environment, investing in long-term growth
As we headed into 2009, we faced double-digit freight declines in the overall market. Our culture emphasizes adapting to market conditions, and we needed to adjust and change more than ever before. Supported by our flexible, variable- cost business model, many of our people had to make difficult decisions to cope with the dramatic falloff in volumes. We aggressively managed our expenses
and eliminated some spending. We also adjusted the size of our workforce. We finished 2009 and entered 2010 with eight percent fewer employees than we had when we started 2009. The change resulted from far fewer new hires during 2009, as our turnover percentage for 2009 was very similar to that of 2008. We’re confident that we can manage additional volume growth during 2010 and be able to hire and train any required additions to our team. We think the depth and strength of our team continues to be a competitive advantage.

Selling and growing our relationships are our core strengths. Our focus
on gaining market share through sales and account management and our expanded menu of services continued to generate success and create opportunities for us in the marketplace. We increased our customer relationships from 32,000 to 35,000. Marketplace recognition of our industry leadership and the advantages of our business model have never been greater. Business trends such as leaner inventories, globalization, volatility, and shippers’ reluctance to invest in personnel and information technology all support the advantages of our model—a flexible, variable cost, high-service approach to logistics. In addition, our balance sheet remains strong with
no debt, and our strength and stability as a company continues to help us differentiate ourselves from much of our competition.
We continued to make key investments in our future growth. We invested in our technology with new infrastructure, including a new data center, and significant new functionality and releases of our operating system.
We also completed three acquisitions during 2009. We made an investment to strengthen our global forwarding network in Europe by adding Walker Logistics in London, England. We made an investment in our U.S.-Mexico cross-border capabilities by acquiring International Trade and Commerce in Laredo, Texas. And we expanded our produce sourcing business by adding Rosemont Farms. We’re pleased to have these employees and the critical expertise they bring on the C.H. Robinson team.
Staying the course for 2010
While accelerated volume growth at the end of 2009 and early 2010
is encouraging, the timing and strength of a freight market recovery are anything but clear. The difficulties created by the recession are not over.
We will continue to face plenty of challenges in 2010 as we deal with a mixed economic climate, business failures, and other stresses in the marketplace. And while we continue to feel very positive about our volume growth and value proposition, it is likely that the margin expansion that helped our results in 2009 will continue to make for challenging comparisons and more limited transportation net revenue growth in 2010.
As always, the market conditions of supply and demand will influence our pricing during 2010. Because it’s difficult to predict the balance of these forces, it’s difficult to predict our gross margins and resulting net revenue growth in 2010. Achieving our long-term target of 15 percent growth will continue to be challenging in 2010.
Notwithstanding the short-term challenges, our focus on success and our business model remain constant. Change is happening faster than ever. One of the core challenges that every company faces is to adapt to changes in the marketplace quicker than their competitors, while retaining enough stability
in its own culture, processes, and business model to be effective and add
Selling and growing our relationships are our core strengths. Our focus on gaining market share through sales and account management and our expanded menu of services continued to generate success and create opportunities for us in the marketplace.

Letter to Our Shareholders
(continued from previous page)
These views on our business, the environment, and
market size and share potential underscore our belief that we are well-positioned to continue to lead
our industry.
value. Changes in our customers’ expectations and our services continue to accelerate. At the same time, our approach to solving these challenges has remained consistent. Have the best people. Build the best relationships. Sell very aggressively and reward those who generate results. Remain flexible and focused on people, technology, and service. While we need to continue to adapt to be successful, our core competencies and business model remain the same.
Focusing on our future
When we analyze our ability to grow organically and continue to take
market share in 2010 and beyond, in many ways our long-term prospects and competitive positioning have never been better. One of the positive consequences of this recession is an increased marketplace focus on competitive supply chains and efficient transportation spending. Our basic business model of flexible, high-service transportation logistics and supply chain services continues to have increasing relevance to many customers that want more efficient and flexible supply chains and better information.
We continue to expand our offerings and integrate them together to provide more holistic choices for our customers. We continue to see a high demand for third party logistics services, and we feel that our service offerings, people, and technology continue to improve and provide better choices for customers to pursue process improvements and cost savings.
We have significant market share growth opportunities. The transportation and logistics industry is extremely fragmented. Despite our size, there is a tremendous amount of market share potential for us. Industry estimates vary, but by any measure, we still represent a small portion of the hundreds of billions of dollars spent on transportation and logistics in North America, and trillions worldwide. We will continue to focus on executing our long-term growth strategy of growing our share of the North American truck market, adding new logistics services, building our European transportation network, and growing our global freight forwarding business.
These views on our business, the environment, and market size and share potential underscore our belief that we are well-positioned to continue to lead our industry. We have significant growth opportunities, and we believe our long-term target of 15 percent in net revenues, operating income, and earnings per share remains appropriate.
Thank you for your continued support
C.H. Robinson remains very strong and stable. The world has faced significant uncertainty and economic stress this year, and many companies have struggled under tremendous pressure and disruption. Thanks to our people, we can be very proud of our performance.

 We are a stronger company than we were at the start of 2009. Our balance sheet remains debt free, and our strength and financial health allowed us
to continue to invest in our relationships, our business, and our technology throughout this recession. Our capabilities and our network continue to expand. Marketplace acceptance of the advantages of our leadership and the solutions we provide continues to grow. While we will continue to face challenges in the short term, we remain confident in our people, our plans, and our ability to execute. We are well-positioned for continued success, and we thank you for your continued support.
Sincerely,
John P. Wiehoff
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
 