  4 + C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.
To our fellow shareholders,
We are proud to report our solid success in 2007. Despite a slowing economy and challenging market conditions, our people again did a great job generating success and I would like to thank them for their tremendous efforts. We believe our results are evidence of the long–term view we take of our business and the rewards we believe come from placing service, relationships, and great people at the core of our company.
Generating success today...
In light of the tougher transportation envi- ronment, many shareholders have asked how we were able to achieve such strong results. Our approach toward the market and growing our business was very consistent with previous years. Our ongoing commitment to providing excellent service to our customers and carriers, our diverse mix of modes and services, and our motivated employees supported by the right tools and technology all enabled us to meet our growth targets and capture more market share.
All of our modes and services contrib- uted meaningfully to our strong performance. Our gross profits grew 14.9 percent in 2007 to $1.2 billion. While that was just shy of our long–term target of 15 percent annual growth, given the overall market conditions, in some ways our achievements this year are more impressive than the faster growth we had in recent years.
Our growth in 2007 was supported by the foundation that we laid in previous years, and we continue to invest in our business for the long term, building the platform for our future success. In 2007 we expanded our office network to a total of 218 offices in 21 countries. We added 564 people, bringing our total employee base to 7,332 globally. Our total customer relation- ships grew to 29,000 worldwide, and we now work with over 48,000 transportation providers around the world. Including 1.4 million shipments we handled in our transportation management service business, we managed over 6.5 million shipments in 2007.
Another key to our success, not only in 2007 but for the past several years, has been the diversification of our services. While our primary source of revenue continues to be North
LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
John P. Wiehoff, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board

  American truckload services, throughout our history, and especially in the last several decades, we have worked hard to find new ways to serve customers and suppliers. We continue to expand our capabilities within all our truckload offerings, such as growing our flatbed business, while also developing some specialized service offerings and other modes and services. Consistent with this strategy, in 2007 we acquired a domestic air freight company, giving us greater expertise to further grow the services we can provide to our customers. We think there are more ways that we can help our customers today than ever before, and it gives us a lot of opportunities to both grow existing relationships and develop new ones.
Our variable cost, non–asset based busi- ness model continues to be an important advantage in all market environments. Our people managed our business efficiently in 2007, generating 22.0 percent growth in our operating income, to $509 million for the year. Our fully diluted earnings per share also exceeded our long–term growth target with an increase of 21.6 percent to $1.86 per share. We believe our decentralized structure, empowered employees, technology, and performance–
based compensation enable our people to be more productive than ever. Our variable incentive plans, including our equity awards which reward growth in profitability, do a great job of balancing employee and shareholder rewards.
We also believe that our size relative to the North American truckload marketplace is becoming an increasingly important competitive advantage. Our contract carrier base represents over one million pieces of equipment, and we manage approximately 25,000 shipments per business day. The larger we become, the more options we have for serving our customers.
This enables us to reduce inefficiencies in the marketplace and provide better service.
As an integral part of our long–term per- spective, we continue to maintain a strong balance sheet and financial position. At the end of 2007 we had approximately $455 million in cash and short–term investments, with no long– term debt. While we understand the need to be responsible with any retained capital, we believe that our cash position gives us important flexibility to manage the business, build relationships, and make strategic investments to continue to grow the company. As economic uncertainty continues
2007 Annual Report + 5

    6 + C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.
and economic challenges cause others to have to scale back, we think we are in a great posi- tion to continue to invest in our people and our network with new offices and new technologies, to keep looking at acquisitions, to keep offering quick payment programs to our carriers, and to explore other opportunities that help us grow and reinforce our commitments to be successful in all markets.
Our first priority for our cash flow is to re- invest in the business, which we continued to do in 2007. In addition, we are always looking for acquisition opportunities. Although we are extremely selective and we do not rely on acqui- sitions to attain our long–term growth targets, we will acquire high quality companies with strong people and that are a good cultural fit.
We were also able to return more capital to our shareholders in 2007, increasing our quarterly dividend over 22 percent to $0.22 per share from $0.18 per share. We have paid a regular quarterly dividend for nearly 30 years. We also increased our share repurchase activity.
...While energized by what’s on the horizon...
While we focus primarily on gross profits as the indicator of the value we bring to the marketplace, our $7.3 billion in gross revenues is also an important measure of our position in the transportation and logistics industry. The transportation industry is extremely fragmented. Our size makes us one of the largest third party providers in the world, yet the growth opportunities still ahead of us are tremendous. Industry market size estimates vary, but by any measure we still represent a small portion of the hundreds of billions of dollars that are spent on transportation and logistics in North America, and trillions worldwide.
Key trends continue to drive growth in third party transportation, making our flexible, non–asset based model more and more strategically advantageous to the shipping com- munity. Globalization and just–in–time inventory practices continue to lengthen and complicate supply chains, resulting in greater volatility and increased transportation and logistics challenges. Companies today need visibility, innovation, and efficiency in their supply chains to be competitive and manage their business. Increased invest-

    ments in technology and information reporting are instrumental to effective transportation management. For all of these reasons, the need for flexibility, high service, and better information are increasing the demand for our services.
As most of our shareholders know, con- sistent with our long–term approach we do not give short–term guidance. Since becom- ing a publicly traded company in 1997, our stated long–term annual growth goal has been
15 percent for gross profits, income from opera- tions, and earnings per share. We plan to attain our long–term growth targets by continuing to open new offices and hire people, regardless of the economic environment. We do adjust our rate of hiring, based upon productivity metrics and growth rates, but we think it is as good a time as any to continue to invest in our network and our people. We plan to open five to ten new offices in 2008 and we will continue to look to use our capital to make the right kind of acquisitions to add new people, new expertise, new services, and new geographies to the team. We will continue to focus on executing our long–term growth strategy of growing our share of the North American truck market, adding new non–asset based services, building our European transporta-
tion network and growing our international freight forwarding business.
...And powered by the people of Robinson
As we illustrate in this report, ener- gized people and teams are the force behind C.H. Robinson’s success. We feel very good about the strength of our company, our service offerings, our position in the marketplace, and our tremendous future growth opportunity. Our results in 2007 highlighted the momentum we have built over many years by providing our customers and contract carriers with what we believe is the best service in the industry. Yet even with our successes, we still have to work hard daily, load by load, to earn and keep our customers’ and carriers’ business. Based on the caliber and commitment of our people, we are as confident and excited as ever about the future.
Thank you for your support,
John P. Wiehoff
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
 2007 Annual Report + 7
