To our shareholders

The year 2016 was filled with accomplishment, challenge, and change across our global businesses. We were able to grow our market share across nearly all services by delivering unique value to customers, suppliers, and contract carriers. We also invested in our business by expanding our global presence, adding great talent, and bringing new and industry-leading advancements to our single global technology, Navisphere®. During the year, we expanded our global footprint to Australia and New Zealand with the acquisition of APC Logistics. We are pleased to welcome them to the C.H. Robinson team and have been encouraged with the positive impact they've had on our results. When our customers, contract carriers, and suppliers talk about their relationships with C.H. Robinson, they single out our people's ability to execute and innovate to improve their supply chains and their businesses. Innovation is at the core of what we do and who we are, and the transportation and supply chain industry is changing fast. We will invest in and promote new ideas that transform our business and accelerate global commerce, and we are ready to lead the industry into the future. Our People Make a Difference The winning formula for C.H. Robinson always starts with our people. Our localized sales and account management teams are passionate about customer service and growing market share every day; that dedication shows through their work with customers, suppliers, and contract carriers alike. In my opinion, we have the best team of knowledgeable supply chain experts in our industry. The many customer and industry awards we won in 2016 are evidence of our commitment to delivering exceptional value. For all of us at C.H. Robinson, knowing our customers recognize the impact we make on their supply chains is the pinnacle of accomplishment. We are investing in top talent to drive results for our customers. That talent takes many forms--from data scientists and technology architects to strategic account managers and supply chain experts. In addition to our service to customers and contract carriers, our employees and offices dedicate their time, talent, and resources every year to create positive change around the world. One of the most important aspects of our charitable giving efforts is supporting the many causes that are meaningful to our employees. I am proud of the impact we have made to support each other and the communities where we live and work. Together, we truly make a difference in the lives of our neighbors around the world. Segment Reporting At the end of 2016, we began reporting our business by segment based on a number of recent changes we've made. We have invested to expand our services, and we have aligned our management structure, in addition to internal financial information, with that expansion. Our three reportable segments are North American Surface Transportation ("NAST"), where we are a leader in providing truckload, less than truckload, and intermodal services; Global Forwarding, which represented over 20 percent of our total company net revenues in the fourth quarter following the

acquisition of APC Logistics; and Robinson Fresh, which includes the selling of products, services, and transportation within the fresh supply chain to global customers. Our additional divisions are aggregated into All Other, including our fast-growing Managed Services business and our emerging Europe Surface Transportation business. Our divisions work together to provide a single quality experience for our customers--one that is focused on improving outcomes and delivering outstanding value. These changes are helping us to drive more efficient business processes and to better understand our returns on our capital invested as we continue to expand. Growing our Global Footprint We expanded our global network in 2016 with the successful acquisition of APC Logistics in September; the opening of 10 new Global Forwarding offices; and the expansion of the Robinson Fresh business in Europe, South America, and Asia. These investments allow us to serve our global customers throughout the world in a more streamlined fashion. Our global growth strategy is based on both organic growth and acquisitions. We have proven that we are a successful integrator of companies, as we have been able to retain customers and top talent through the challenging endeavor of bringing organizations together. We will continue to evaluate potential acquisitions that can bring more value to our customers and provide opportunities for growth through cross-selling and leveraging our size and scale. Bringing Digitization to Freight Continuing to develop, acquire, and use best in One of the many exciting areas in our class technology will always remain a top priority business is the ongoing development of technology and digital tools. Technology on our strategic roadmap at C.H. Robinson. We serves a critical role in the success of have invested significant time and resources into our business by driving growth and improvements in efficiencies. We strive Navisphere, and our people's ability to use that to always meet our customers, contract platform to solve complex global supply chain carriers, and suppliers where and how issues for our customers remains a competitive they want to do business; to that end, the use of web and mobile technology advantage. I am confident in our entire team's is becoming increasingly preferred ability to lead and adapt to the changes by these audiences. The number of digital transactions flowing through occurring in the industry. our technology has now grown to approximately 35 million interactions per month, and this figure is growing exponentially. We are increasing the speed of service and enhancing the visibility to many important factors of our customers' supply chains. Our data is a valuable information asset, and its value continues to increase each day as we leverage machine learning and data science to improve our processes and deliver more actionable insight throughout the supply chain. In 2016, we launched an entirely new Navisphere Carrier mobile app. And we did so in close collaboration with our contract carriers--it was designed with them, for them. To date, the app has more than 28,000 downloads, and contract carriers are widely using it to post availability, find loads, and efficiently manage their activities. Continuing to develop, acquire, and use best in class technology will always remain a top priority on our strategic roadmap at C.H. Robinson. We have invested significant time and resources into Navisphere, and our people's ability to use that platform to solve complex global supply chain issues for our customers remains a competitive advantage. I am confident in our entire team's ability to lead and adapt to the changes occurring in the industry.

2016 Financial Performance From a financial perspective, we finished 2016 with total revenues of $13.1 billion, a 2.5 percent decrease from 2015. Net revenue increased 0.4 percent, and net income increased 0.7 percent. Diluted earnings per share was $3.59, a 2.3 percent increase over 2015. We executed 18 million shipments with 113,000 customers--both are significant increases--and we successfully brought more of our services to existing customers. In our core NAST business, 2016 net revenue decreased 2.6 percent, and operating income declined 6.1 percent when compared to 2015. Despite the tough cycle in North America, combined volume growth exceeded 6 percent across the truckload, less than truckload, and intermodal services, which represents a compelling market share gain. Headcount growth in NAST was 3 percent, well below the volume growth of the division. The Global Forwarding division had another strong growth year in 2016, achieving 8.8 percent net revenue growth and a 6.4 percent increase in operating income. We achieved strong volume growth across all of the core services, and our teams conducted successful cross-selling initiatives again in 2016. As mentioned earlier, the acquisition of APC Logistics at the end of September contributed to the growth in the year. The Robinson Fresh division finished 2016 with flat net revenues compared to 2015 and a 6.9 percent decrease in operating income, while taking share in both sourcing and transportation services. In line with our enterprise goals, Robinson Fresh has continued to expand its value proposition to other continents to meet customer demand and today has a presence in Europe, Asia, and South America, in addition to the core business in North America. Our Managed Services and Europe Surface Transportation businesses performed very well. Managed Services had another record-breaking year in 2016, achieving 32.7 percent net revenue growth and finishing the year with more than $3 billion of freight under management. In the Europe Surface Transportation business, net revenue increased 6.4 percent while headcount decreased 3 percent. The investments we have made in our European network over the past several years led to improved results, and the business is well positioned for growth in 2017. In Closing The fast pace of change is impacting supply chains around the world. The success of our business into the future will rely upon our innovation and adaptability. Optimizing supply chains by controlling costs, minimizing risk, and continually improving outcomes are at the core of all that we do. We are and have to be a focused leader in logistics--one that transforms our industry by accelerating our investments, as we have for many decades. We look forward to continuing to lead this industry into the future, and we are thankful to our customers, contract carriers, and suppliers for their business and trust. Finally, we are committed to creating value and delivering long-term, profitable growth for our shareholders.

Thank you,

John Wiehoff Chief Executive Officer, President, and Chairman of the Board

