 TO OUR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS,
We are proud to report that C.H. Robinson is as strong as ever. All of us were faced with new challenges this past year, driven by unprecedented economic and societal events. Our people have risen to the challenge. Our variable-cost, non-asset-based business model has enabled us to be flexible and adjust to these tough market conditions. We have continued to sell aggressively, working hard to outperform our customers’ expectations, and have found new ways to operate more efficiently. Through these challenges we have found ourselves even stronger and better equipped to reach our long-term goals.
EMPOWERED PEOPLE,
STRONG RESULTS
We achieved strong results in 2001 through a company- wide focus on both sales and careful expense management. Our decentralized structure kept us in tune with the marketplace, giving our branch offices the ability to make adjustments quickly.
Our gross profits grew 8.9 percent to $456.6 million. Income from operations increased 14.8 percent to $134.3 million. Net income increased 17.9 percent to $84.0 million.
Our long-term growth goal is still 15 percent for both gross profits and operating income. We expect early 2002 to
“OUR BRANCH NETWORK GIVES OUR CUSTOMERS AND CARRIERS THE BEST OF BOTH WORLDS— LOCAL REPRESENTATION AND GLOBAL REACH.
IT’S A POWERFUL COMBINATION.”
Molly DuBois
CORPORATE TRANSPORTATION
continue to be challenging for growth. In the short term, we are confident that we can grow our operating income faster than our gross profits by continuing to manage expenses. We have already taken several steps to ensure that some of our larger costs will be in line, while making the investments necessary for our continued future success. We have a very solid and sound balance sheet with no long-term debt, high quality earnings with strong cash flow, and a high return on investment. We have the financial strength and credibility to honor our commitments with all of our stakeholders.
THE FUTURE IS OUR FOCUS
While we are proud of our accomplishments and how we are positioned, the truly exciting part of Robinson is our future. Our goals for the future include: continue to grow North American market share of our current services; develop new third party logistics services; replicate our North American branch network on other continents; and strengthen our global forwarding network.
Continue to Grow North American Market Share
Truckload services continue to be our primary service offering. During 2001, volume changes with our largest truckload customers was the greatest challenge, as many of our customers had significant declines in their businesses.
  1

 In this environment, developing new customers is more important than ever, to replace this volume with new accounts. Our strong emphasis on sales and capturing market share continues in 2002. The good news is that, while we believe we are one of the largest providers of North American truckload services, there is still a lot of opportunity available. The truckload industry is extremely fragmented. Estimates
of the total market size vary, but we believe that by most measures Robinson is currently between one and three percent of the total truckload services market. The opportunity is great and we feel confident in our ability to capitalize on it.
We have also seen significant progress in several newer areas, such as less-than-truckload (LTL), freight consolidation, flatbed services, and order-level freight management. All
of these services have become important to our integrated truck service offering and, although much smaller, have been growing faster than our truckload business overall.
We hope for continued strong growth in these areas in 2002.
Our intermodal business finished 2001 very strong and is positioned for solid growth in 2002. There is a lot of opportunity in this industry due to improving railroad service levels and shippers’ focus on cost-cutting. We believe we’re in a unique position of market strength and service mix that should enable us to take market share and continue to show solid performance in our intermodal business.
Our sourcing business continues to be an important contrib- utor to Robinson. Our growth opportunities in sourcing will be with large retail customers, and that business is also opening doors to additional transportation business with the retail industry. But, we remain challenged with an industry that is rapidly consolidating and is undergoing dramatic change in its distribution channels.
Our information services business, T-Chek Systems, is planning for continued solid gross profit growth in 2002. T-Chek continues to diversify its product offerings and grow its market share. We believe T-Chek’s focus on serving carriers, combined with Robinson’s 20,000 carrier relationships, creates strategic advantages and will position us well going forward.
Develop New Third Party Logistics Services
Over the past few years, we have added new services such as LTL, freight consolidation, crossdocking, temperature- controlled LTL, and order-level freight management capabilities. This has enabled us to be more competitive
in the marketplace by providing a more integrated, value- added service package to our customers. These added services are growth areas for the company, and have helped introduce Robinson to new customers and broaden our relationships with existing customers. We will look to benefit our customers with new capabilities that complement our existing service mix and that we can profitably provide.
  “CONNECTING OUR DOMESTIC AND INTERNATIONAL CAPABILITIES ALLOWS US
TO PROVIDE UNPARALLELED SERVICE OPTIONS. WE BUILD OUR SERVICES AROUND OUR CUSTOMERS, WE DON’T
BUILD OUR CUSTOMERS AROUND OUR SERVICE.”
Ty Angelus BRANCH MANAGER
 2

  However, we are committed to staying non-asset-based and will only add capabilities that fit our business model.
Replicate North American Branch
Network on Other Continents
We believe our unique business model and approach to transportation services is transferable to other parts of the world, and have begun building branch networks in Europe and South America. C.H. Robinson Europe had a profitable year in 2001 with significant increases in gross profits,
and is expecting strong growth again this year. We believe the long-term opportunity for us in Europe is similar to our opportunity in North America. We continue to strengthen our European network by actively building on our core competencies—service-oriented, motivated people, strong customer and carrier relationships, and solid technology. We believe that is what sets us apart. C.H. Robinson
South America is struggling with some very difficult economic conditions. We continue to try to build our marketplace in the Mercosur, but expect that it will take longer to achieve our objectives in the region.
Strengthen Global Forwarding Network
Our international forwarding business (ocean, air, cus- toms brokerage) continues to mature. We did not have overall growth in 2001, as business with nearly all of our largest customers was down from the prior year due to
GROSS PROFITS(1) (in millions)
20.6% 5-year CAGR
NET INCOME
(in millions)
21.0% 5-year CAGR
          97 98 99 00 01
97(2) 98 99 00 01
            97(2) 98 99 00 01
DILUTED NET INCOME (4) PER SHARE
20.2% 5-year CAGR
97(3) 98 99 00 01
DIVIDENDS PER SHARE(4) 17.8% 5-year CAGR
  (1) Gross profits are determined by deducting cost of transportation and products from gross revenues.
(2) Continuing operations excluding offering charges and expenses and other unusual effects of our
initial public offering in October 1997.
(3) Excludes special dividends and distributions related to our initial public offering in October 1997.
(4) On October 24, 2000, the Company’s Board of Directors declared a two-for-one stock split effected
in the form of a 100% stock dividend distributed on December 1, 2000, to shareholders of record as of November 10, 2000. All share and per share amounts have been restated to reflect the retroactive effect of the stock split.
  3
$.44 $.52
$206.0 $245.7
$.105 $.125
$36.1 $43.0
$.64
$.83
$293.3
$419.3
$.145 $.170
$53.3
$71.2
$.210
$84.0
$.98
$456.6

 declining volumes in the lanes we handle for them.
We did, however, add several new customers, and have good momentum going into 2002. We will be opening more international forwarding offices, both within
North America and on other continents. We’re committed to building an international offering that is more integrated with domestic services than our competitors, and believe true door-to-door offerings will set us apart in the industry.
Emphasis on Internal Growth
Our primary focus continues to be internal growth through development of people, systems, new customers, and strong supplier relationships. We do not have to complete any acquisitions to achieve any of our goals, but remain open to achieving our goals more quickly if the right opportunities are found. We are selective when making acquisitions. They must fit our culture and eco- nomic parameters. We will continue to actively look for acquisition opportunities that will enhance Robinson and help us achieve our long-term strategic goals. In early 2002 we completed the acquisition of FTS, a third party logistics company that will augment our North American branch network.
“OUR STRENGTH? IT’S REALLY SIMPLE FOR ME. OUR CULTURE IS ONE OF PRIDE IN WHAT WE DO. I HAVE TO ATTRIBUTE THIS TO THE KIND OF PEOPLE ROBINSON HAS ON BOARD.”
Yvonne Belk
TRANSPORTATION SALES
THE SOURCE OF OUR STRENGTH
For all of our successes and strategies, our number-one strength has always been—and always will be—our people. As you read our report, we hope you will take note of the faces and words of just a few of our enthusiastic and hard- working people. They embody a culture that sets us apart.
I’m proud to have the opportunity to lead a company with such a strong tradition of performance, financial stability, and credibility. Our horizon is long term, constantly striving to reward the financial commitment you have entrusted us with, challenging ourselves daily to work hard to continuously earn our customers’ business.
It is these continued qualities that make us today stronger than ever.
John Wiehoff President
   4
