 2000 ANNUAL REPORT
 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
C.H. Robinson was at its best in 2000. Net revenue surged 43.0 percent to $419.3 million, up from a previous all-time high of $293.3 million in 1999. Net income was up 33.5 percent to $71.2 million. And diluted net income per share increased 29.7 percent to $0.83, compared with $0.64 per share in 1999.
Yet we measure our success in “being our best” beyond financial gains. In 2000, we added over 500 highly skilled and motivated employees to our talented workforce. We made faster-than-expected progress in our integration of Chicago Central (formerly American Backhaulers), the largest acquisition in our company’s history. We achieved our expectations for expanding our less-than- truckload (LTL) and short-haul truckload businesses – gains that we believe will pay off significantly in the future. We enhanced our load-optimization system, CHRuser, that will leverage CHRW’s huge network and streamline relationships between CHRW customers and carriers. Finally, and perhaps most significantly to readers of this report, we enjoyed a stock price rise of 58 percent and approved another dividend increase.
Solid Gains, Stable Leadership
In an era when companies in all industries are reinventing themselves to fit the perceived market need du jour, CHRW has achieved consistent success by adhering
to our core principles: we’re a non-asset-based, people- intensive service company focused on growth. With the emphasis we place on planning well, setting realistic but demanding goals, and maintaining our core identity, you could call us a purposeful growth company. Not flashy, but certainly successful.
Our place as one of the world’s leading third-party transportation and logistics companies is due, first
and foremost, to our ability to find the right people
to execute the systems and processes we’ve refined throughout our nearly century-long history. Decades ago, we were like a diamond in the rough, exhibiting great potential yet with unfinished edges. Today, thanks to the people we have with us, we are much more polished and a shining example of success within a highly fragmented industry.

  Net Revenues(1) (in millions)
21.2% 5-year CAGR
Net Income(2) (in millions)
19.3% 5-year CAGR
          96 97 98 99 00
Estimates of the total size of our market vary, but a Bank of America Securities report published in 2000 indicated the value of the U.S. logistics market to be worth roughly $900 billion (and the international market more than twice that amount). So despite
what we believe is the greatest transportation capacity within North America, we still have minimal market penetration. It’s one reason we’re comfortable continuing to target a minimum annual growth rate of 15 percent.
Progress in Our Business Units
While each of our business segments – transportation, sourcing and information services – posted growth in 2000, transportation again captured the limelight, both for its growth rate and its overall contribution to CHRW revenue. Transportation revenue increased 51.9 percent to $355.1 million, with approximately half of that gain coming from the American Backhaulers acquisition. Overall, transportation accounted for 85 percent of our total net revenues.
We’ve succeeded in transportation because we have the capacity and capability to meet the market’s needs head-on. Realizing the high cost of maintaining trans- portation functions in-house, companies are increasingly outsourcing this work to CHRW. We added several new clients and experienced strong organic growth last year.
96 97 98 99 00
Sourcing continues to be an important facet of our business, contributing 10 percent to our net revenues in 2000, despite serving a consolidating customer base. We introduced two new produce lines last year, under the Welch’s® and Tropicana® brands, and will continue to seek opportunities to do more. In 2001, we plan
to focus our attention on growing our business with large food retailers and seeking additional supply-chain management opportunities, including services such as business analysis, vendor-managed inventory replenish- ment and transporting perishable products.
Information Services, comprised primarily of our sub- sidiary T-Chek Systems, contributed 5 percent of net revenues in 2000. The T-Chek fuel card, used primarily by mid-sized trucking firms as a means of monitoring a driver’s fuel purchases, is seeking to expand into other carrier markets. Additionally,T-Chek Systems is working to grow customer interest in additional data services, such as driver payroll and fuel management.
We have two means of capturing business opportunities overseas. Through our North American offices, we are increasingly developing our freight-forwarding capability, using international air and ocean transportation modes, as well as offering customs brokerage services to provide inter-continental services. Our nearly 20 branch offices in Europe and South America combined are building many
(1) Net revenues are determined by deducting cost of transportation and products from gross revenues.
(2) Continuing operations excluding offering charges and expenses and other unusual effects of our initial public offering in October 1997.
(3) Excludes special dividends and distributions related to our initial public offering in October 1997.
(4) On October 24, 2000, the Company’s Board of Directors declared a two-for-one stock split effected in the form of a 100% stock dividend
distributed on December 1, 2000 to shareholders of record as of November 10, 2000. All share and per share amounts have been restated to reflect the retroactive effect of the stock split.
10
$179 $206
$32 $36
$246 $293
$43
$53
$419
$71

  Diluted Net Income(2)(4) Per Share
19.9% 5-year CAGR
Dividends(3)(4) Per Share 21.2% 5-year CAGR
       96 97 98 99 00
of the same intra-continental transportation services that their North American counterparts provide. In 2001, we will continue to develop continental freight networks in these offices.
Although 2000 was relatively quiet for acquisitions, we did acquire a strategic new capability in Trans-Consolidated Inc., a third-party, temperature-controlled LTL provider, and we continued to evaluate a number of candidates. Near-term, our growth will depend on expanding the business we currently own. Before we make any acqui- sition, we must be certain that the need and cultural compatibility are truly right for CHRW.
The Evolution of CHRW Employees
We continue to be impressed with the caliber and potential of our employees. Walk into any of our branch offices and you’ll immediately find employees consistently achieving success for themselves and for CHRW. As a means of rewarding and retaining our best performers, we enhanced our incentive-based compen- sation system last year to make it even more attractive and to additionally encourage employees to pursue profitable service-oriented business growth.
We’ve always been focused on attracting and keeping the best people in all areas of our company. Being surrounded by personnel as talented as these, we can’t help but be optimistic about our future.
96 97 98 99 00
On a final note, we completed our first full year together at the leadership helm of CHRW – and are pleased to affirm our agreement on its strategic direction. Since assuming his presidency in 1999, John has taken an ever- increasing role in managing all facets of the company. As further leadership changes develop, shareholders should know that the only real story will be: it’s business as usual at CHRW.
Even with the success we’ve enjoyed as a public company, we take nothing for granted. We began 2001 the same way we start each year – hopeful and optimistic about our prospects, yet realizing that even with customers we’ve known for decades, we must work daily to earn their business. That, in sum, is what being our best is
all about.
Thank you for your support of our mission.
  D.R. “Sid” Verdoorn Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
John Wiehoff President
11
$.39 $.44
$.52
$.64
$.093 $.105
$.125 $.145
$.83
$.170
