To O u r S h a r e h o l d e r s :

Catalyst Health Solutions, Inc. (Catalyst) had a remarkable year despite a difficult, challenging economic environment. Revenue climbed 37% to $2.5 billion, while the Company's net income rose 28% to $50.4 million. In addition to expanding our client base and controlling operating expenses, Catalyst successfully completed two strategic acquisitions during 2008: HospiScript Services, LLC, one of the largest providers of PBM services to the hospice industry, and Immediate Pharmaceutical Services, Inc., a fully-integrated prescription mail service facility. These acquisitions expand our pharmacy benefit management services and position the Company for continued robust growth. In addition to strong financial performance, key 2008 highlights include: Recognition in Fortune Magazine's 100 Fastest Growing Companies list. ­ Ranked No. 3 on the healthcare companies list, No. 16 for sales growth and No. 70 for overall growth.

Awarded 2008 Pharmacy Benefit Management Institute (PBMI) Rx Benefit Innovation Award. Catalyst Rx received full URAC Pharmacy Benefit Management Accreditation in 2008. These accomplishments were made possible by the outstanding efforts and teamwork of more than 800 Catalyst employees. I extend my warmest gratitude to all of our associates, as well as to our Board of Directors and our valued clients, for contributing to the successes of 2008. The fourth quarter of 2008 marked the beginning of a general retrenchment of confidence in the national economy. In 2009, there will be sharpened focus by most corporations on containing their operating costs. Catalyst management is confident that the Company is extremely well positioned to offer our clients, and prospects, the most cost-effective healthcare options. Our transparent pricing options, tailored plan features and commitment to client cost containment combine to be the hallmark of the Catalyst operating profile. It is this hallmark­the

2

Global Reports LLC

Catalyst designs lowest net-cost benefit plan features and pricing to align with the individual objectives of each client.

most pharmacy benefit value per dollar­that has driven our rapid growth during the past several years. To augment our ability to contain our clients'pharmacy costs, in late 2008, Catalyst developed and implemented the Economic Pharmacy Relief Programs, which include clinically-effective, cost-controlling solutions that target expense reduction without sacrificing quality or shifting costs to employees. For example, with our Generic Advantage Plan, Catalyst helps members obtain the lowest-cost fulfillment method for their generic medications, whether through mail service, local pharmacies or the $4 programs offered by national retail chains. Another event in the fourth quarter of 2008 holds promise for Catalyst. The election of President Barack Obama will bring new and heightened efforts to launch a comprehensive national healthcare initiative. While uncertain as to both its structure and the likelihood of its acceptance, any such initiative will likely embody the very principles that are cornerstones of Catalyst's operating philosophy ... transparency of costs and an unrelenting commitment to control healthcare expenditures.

With our transparent pricing options, tailored plan features and commitment to cost containment, our clients and members receive the most value from their healthcare dollars.

Catalyst Health Solutions 3

Global Reports LLC

Clients can and should depend on us to provide the unbiased and customized solutions they need.

For 2009, Catalyst's management believes the Company is well positioned to be an indispensable resource to American businesses during a time of economic uncertainty, as well as well as a contributing component to any national health care initiative that will offer quality healthcare services in a cost-effective manner. Thank you for your continued support. Sincerely,

With our business philosophy and core operating principles, Catalyst Health Solutions is positioned to be an indispensable resource during this time of economic uncertainty.

David T. Blair Chief Executive Officer Catalyst Health Solutions, Inc.

4

Global Reports LLC

