dear shareholders

Overall, I am pleased with the progress HealthExtras made in 2000. We successfully demonstrated that there is significant demand for simple, affordable health and disability benefits and that these innovative products can be efficiently sold through our direct to consumer and small business channels. Additionally, during this past year HealthExtras accomplished a number of objectives which will drive our growth in 2001 and position HealthExtras for profitability:

1. Diversified our revenue base by developing new
Quarterly Revenues
($ in millions)

benefit programs and acquiring a pharmacy benefit management company.

25 20 15 10 5 0
Q1 Q2 Q3 1999 Q4 Q1 Q2 Q3 2000 Q4

2. Expanded our direct to consumer and small business channels by establishing marketing relationships with additional financial institutions, associations and Internet companies.

2

3. Established worksite marketing partnerships with professional employer organizations, voluntary benefit managers and broker-based organizations.

application. This frictionless approach allows consumers to obtain immediate coverage and pay for the benefits with their credit card, or through direct debit or payroll deduction. Our innovative product line augments

4. Reached critical mass by selling over 450,000 health and disability benefit programs.

traditional insurance offerings and addresses a huge underserved middle market.

5. Invested in technologies which capture the operating efficiencies of the Internet.

As we look forward to 2001, our goals and objectives are clear. Remain focused and continue to execute our direct to consumer and small business marketing

Our revenues increased from $5.3 million in 1999 to $44.2 million in 2000 as our paid enrollments jumped from 105,000 to 450,000 over that period. The increase in enrollments was primarily attributable to the addition of new marketing partners and obtaining approval to sell our products in more states. By the end of 2000, HealthExtras had over twenty marketing relationships with financial institutions, associations, Internet companies and worksite marketing organizations that, combined, generate over 1,000 sales per day.

initiatives. Expand these marketing efforts by promoting our simple, affordable health and disability benefit programs both internationally and through the worksite. And lastly and most importantly, achieve profitable operations. By establishing strategic partnerships and investing in new products and technologies over the past two years, we have built a solid foundation on which to grow HealthExtras. Clearly, I appreciate your continued support.

Throughout 2000, HealthExtras remained focused on our vision to create a simple, affordable line of health and disability benefits that are sold directly to individuals and small businesses, as well as through the worksite. Our core benefits provide true insurance protection which addresses low probability, high consequence events. We have simplified the enrollment process so that individuals can enroll through our web site, via a toll-free number or by mail-in

Sincerely,

David T. Blair Chief Executive Officer

3

