To Our Shareholders, Customers and Employees:
Catalyst Health Solutions (Catalyst) had another outstanding year in 2010, marked with significant accomplishments. We completed our largest acquisition to date, experienced record growth in revenues and profits, successfully renewed key accounts to multi-year contracts and were awarded prestigious pharmacy and financial industry awards. In the third quarter, the Company's membership increased by more than 15% by closing on the purchase of FutureScripts from Independence Blue Cross (IBC). FutureScripts, based in Philadelphia, provides pharmacy benefit management (PBM) services to approximately 1 million members and manages more than 14 million prescriptions annually. As part of the transaction, Catalyst will manage pharmacy benefits for IBC under the terms of a 10-year contract, creating significant growth opportunities. A new Center of Excellence was established in Philadelphia, joining our other regionally based Centers of Excellence located throughout the Country, all of which deliver innovative programs and services to meet the unique needs of the markets we serve. In 2010, year-over-year revenue increased by 30% to $3.8 billion, while Catalyst's net income grew 24% to $81 million, both record levels. Also in 2010, Catalyst successfully secured multi-year contract extensions with key clients covering approximately 2.2 million lives, spanning the managed care, employer, public sector and vertical markets. In addition, organic growth remained strong, as we secured several new prestigious accounts representing in excess of $400 million in revenue. The Company's commitment to our core values of transparency, program and service innovation, and lowest net-cost solutions continues to drive our growth, client satisfaction and retention success. The awards and recognition Catalyst received this past year are indicative of our financial strength, stellar client service and focus on innovation. We were named one of the World's Most Admired Companies by Fortune and made its 100 Fastest-Growing Companies list for the third year in a row. In addition, we were the recipient of an eHealthcare Leadership Award and an Interactive Media Award for our client-focused technology solutions. We would like to acknowledge our dedicated employees who have made these accomplishments possible and who are integral to the Company's continued success. We also want to thank our clients, investors, business partners and Board of Directors for their support and contributions. As we look ahead to 2011, we are well positioned for yet another outstanding year, building on our growth momentum. Sincerely,

David T. Blair Chief Executive Officer Catalyst Health Solutions, Inc.

2

