To Our Shareholders, Customers and Employees:

Catalyst Health Solutions (Catalyst) realized another outstanding year, marked by numerous milestones and record financial performance. During 2009, we celebrated our ten-year anniversary on the NASDAQ Stock David T. Blair Exchange, Chief Executive Officer experienced strong growth in revenues and profits, and were the recipient of several pharmacy and financial industry awards and acknowledgments, including recognition as one of Fortune magazine's 100 Fastest Growing Companies. Revenue grew 13.8% to $2.9 billion during the most recent year, while Catalyst's net income grew 29.3% to $65.2 million, both record levels. The Company's commitment to transparency, customized programs, and lowest net cost solutions in the management of pharmacy benefits continues to drive our success; thus Catalyst was successful in securing numerous new clients and, perhaps even more indicative of the value of our pharmacy programs, continues to service a large installed base of satisfied clients. During 2009, Catalyst also completed the strategic acquisition of Total Script, a PBM based in Colorado serving small and mid-size companies. Celebration of Catalyst's ten-year anniversary as a publicly traded company was marked by ringing the opening bell at the NASDAQ Stock Exchange's New

York headquarters on December 16, followed by a well-received Analyst Day event. Key accomplishments of the past ten years as a publicly traded company include:
I

Revenue growth from $5 million at IPO to $3.6 billion in projected revenue for 2010 Market cap growth of 750% in ten years, from ~$200 million in 1999 to approximately $1.5 billion today Net income compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) of 30% since 2005

I

I

We sincerely thank the members of the investment community who participated in our ten-year celebration event, as well as all of our valued stockholders. Most important, though, we wish to acknowledge and thank the nearly 1,000 dedicated associates that make the Company's success possible. The other members of the management team and I believe the Company is wellpositioned for strong growth and performance; and, as always, I appreciate the support of our employees, clients, partners, investors and the Board of Directors. I look forward to keeping you apprised of our progress throughout the coming year. Sincerely,

David T. Blair Chief Executive Officer Catalyst Health Solutions, Inc.

2

