Dear Shareholders
Clearly, 2003 was an exceptional year for HealthExtras. We achieved our financial objectives and positioned the Company for significant growth in 2004 and beyond. In 2003, revenues reflected a 55% increase over the prior year: $384 million versus $248 million. The Company earned $10.3 million for the year 2003 which, on a comparable basis, represents a 178% increase over the $3.7 million reported for 2002. HealthExtras generated $23 million in cash from operations and ended the year with over $70 million of shareholders' equity and $29 million in cash. Improvement in our financial performance was the result of several key factors; these included the steady addition of new clients, the strong retention of our existing client base, ongoing integration of our operations and overall improved operating margins. Throughout 2003 we continued to add new clients. As a result we expect our pharmacy benefit management revenues to grow by at least 25% in 2004. The focus of our successful sales effort in 2003 was mid-sized employer groups, regional managed care organizations, third party administrators, as well as local government units. These groups will continue to be major targets of opportunity for 2004. Our prospective clients are typically comprised of fewer than 250,000 covered lives. Organizations of this size are particularly interested in our services, as we are able to offer a higher level of customization and transparency than that offered by the large national PBMs. We provide prospective clients customized formularies, highly flexible benefit plan designs, multiple pricing alternatives, and market-specific retail pharmacy networks. These benefits are bolstered with specific performance guarantees and service commitments. In addition to new sales, our existing client base continued to expand. We note with satisfaction that all key accounts scheduled for renewal at the end of 2003 extended their agreements. For our entire client base we realized 96% client retention year over year. This rate reflects our ability to provide consistently high levels of service and effective containment of drug costs. By virtue of our controlled formularies designed to promote optimum therapies at the lowest net cost, as well as through our member and physician education programs, HealthExtras clients experience significantly lower pharmacy benefit costs than industry trends. This superior performance is the direct result of higher generic drug utilization, effective use of over-the-counter programs, and increased formulary compliance. For example, generic drug utilization in 2003 across all blocks of our business exceeded 50 percent... a reflection of excellent drug cost containment. From an operational perspective, we were successful over the past year in further integrating our operations and standardizing business processes and procedures. We completed integration of Pharmacy Network National Corporation, the Raleigh, North Carolina based company acquired in 2002. Resultant administrative efficiencies and economies of scale have improved operating margins and facilitated a high level of consistent client services.

2

H E A LT H E X T R A S , I N C .

Brought to you by Global Reports

At the industry level, we continue to gain market share as clients and employee benefit consulting firms seek alternatives to traditional programs offered by the large national PBMs. Clients and consultants have become skeptical of undisclosed PBM revenue sources. Payors of drug claims are seeking a transparent approach to managing and pricing pharmacy benefit management services. Additionally, many actions have been initiated by both payors of drug claims and government regulators to force large PBMs to disclose rebates and "marketing offsets" that flow to them from various pharmaceutical firms. Since its entry into the PBM industry, HealthExtras has adhered to a full disclosure policy in order to eliminate suspicions surrounding rebates and the pricing "shell game" routinely played by large PBMs. Our statement to prospects and clients is simple and compelling. HealthExtras does not have or condone alliances which represent conflicts of

interest. Unlike large national PBMs that attempt to ingratiate themselves to both the payors of drug claims and the manufacturers of drugs, HealthExtras has but one agenda. That is to contain the drug costs of our clients. Today, many consultants, brokers and group administrators have embraced the HealthExtras policy of full disclosure. More and more, they are confidently recommending our pharmacy benefit management services to their clients. Accordingly, HealthExtras has positioned itself well for continued, significant growth in 2004 and beyond. As we look forward to 2004 our objectives are rather straightforward. We will continue to effectively manage our clients' pharmacy benefits by making decisions in our clients' best interest. This will include developing and supporting client-specific clinical and educational programs. These actions will support other objectives, realizing both a high client retention rate and

strong new client growth. In anticipation of achieving these goals, we project revenues for 2004 to range from $440 to $470 million and 2004 net income to exceed $14.8 million. Before concluding this year's letter, I would like to acknowledge those who have directly contributed to the Company's success: our employees. Through their commitment to excellence we have been able to maintain our growth rate and exceed our clients' expectations. Their hard work and dedication is sincerely appreciated and I am proud of the team you see on the following page. I particularly appreciate the support of our Board of Directors and investors. I will keep you apprised of our progress throughout the coming year. Sincerely,

David T. Blair Chief Executive Officer

2 0 0 3 A N N UA L R E P O RT

3

Brought to you by Global Reports

