Unwavering Commitment
Our commitment. Together, we demonstrate it hundreds of thousands of times every day, around the world and around the clock.
Our commitment is seen in early morning deliveries that ensure producers have the fuel, feed, fertilizer and support needed to raise a crop or a herd and get it to market. It is further demonstrated by producing the highestquality energy, grain, feed, food and food ingredients and moving them to customers across North America and around the world. And our mutual commitment is shown in the countless volunteer hours devoted to making our communities more vibrant and safer today and for future generations. Most important, CHS commitment is obvious in the combined strength and dedication of more than 600,000 farmer-owners, 1,100 member cooperatives and their employees, and 12,500 CHS employees in 25 countries, growing together, building vibrant communities and feeding a hungry world. Knowing we achieve more together has been at the core of your CHS system since our beginnings more than 85 years ago. Fiscal 2015 was no exception. Even as we contended with weaker agriculture and energy markets, we never wavered from our three-part commitment to our owners: Delivering economic benefits today, investing for tomorrow and keeping this company financially strong. Here's how we delivered on that commitment over the last 12 months: · We recorded net income of $781 million for fiscal 2015. While this is a decrease from recent record results, primarily due to singular events and softer energy earnings, 2015 still ranks among the best years in company history. Our revenues of $34.6 billion also declined, reflecting the market price­driven nature of our predominantly commodity businesses. · We returned $533.8 million to our owners in cash patronage, equity redemptions and dividends on preferred stock based on fiscal 2014 results. Based on fiscal 2015 performance, we expect to return about $519 million to our owners in fiscal 2016. · We continued to invest significantly in the future of our memberowners by completing acquisition of the McPherson, Kan.­based

$781.0m
CHS NET INCOME
2015

$1,081.4m
2014

$992.4m
2013

$1,260.6m
2012

$961.4m
2011

2

refinery and related operations (including upgrades and expansions at our refineries at McPherson and Laurel, Mont.); adding Pacific Rim grain export capacity at Kalama, Wash.; purchasing a second ethanol processing facility at Annawan, Ill.; and acquiring a canola crushing plant in Hallock, Minn. And we have dozens of local energy, fertilizer and grain projects underway and in planning, many in partnership with member cooperatives. In late summer, we also announced significant ownership and supply agreements with CF Industries Nitrogen, LLC. · We built the strongest balance sheet in CHS history, enabling us to make significant financial commitments, including the record $2.8 billion investment in CF Nitrogen, to add value for our owners for generations to come. Our unwavering commitment also means being prepared to navigate the inevitable soft cycles like those now occurring in our core agriculture and energy businesses. The financial strength we've established is a critical foundation. Beyond that, we maintain our conservative approach, stick to our strategy, continually assess the marketplace and adjust capital spending as needed while maintaining necessary financial capacity to take advantage of opportunities. As a cooperative business, commitment also means taking the long view for both today's owners and those of future generations. In dynamic discussions at 15 member-owner town hall meetings this summer, we talked about how we can work together to attract, retain and develop the next generations of owners, leaders and employees; to be a voice for agriculture; and to deliver information and technology that will strengthen producers, member cooperatives and CHS. Your cooperative system operates in an ever-changing world. We all must constantly improve to remain relevant. But one thing won't change. That's our commitment to starting each day with this question: "How can CHS help our owners grow?"

From left, Bielenberg and Casale

David Bielenberg Chairman Board of Directors

Carl Casale President and Chief Executive O

cer

3

