PUTTING YOUR FUTURE FIRST
By its nature, an annual report focuses on the past, recapping financial results and logging highlights for a 12-month period. But at CHS, we recognize that tomorrow starts today. Each announcement, operational highlight and financial measurement catalogued in this 2013 annual report reflects our commitment to putting the future first for our owners and customers every day.

Our success is measured not only by our ability to deliver value through the products, services and market opportunities we provide daily, but also by executing well-thought-out strategies that will help our owners and customers keep growing tomorrow. But keeping the future in mind isn't just about what we do -- it's also about what our owners and customers want. We asked producers, co-op leaders and customers from throughout our system to share their thoughts on what CHS and this cooperative system must do to help them grow in the years ahead. You'll see some of their responses in this report and hear more from them in 2014. Fiscal 2013 was an outstanding year for CHS. Our $992.4 million in earnings was the second highest in our history and revenues reached a record $44.5 billion. More important, in fiscal 2013 we returned a record $598.9 million in cash to our owners in the form of patronage, equity redemptions and preferred stock dividends based on fiscal 2012 earnings. That brings to $1.8 billion the amount of cash returned over the past five years and sets a new mark for cooperative businesses. We continue to examine and adjust our equity management policy to balance returns to our owners and investments in a manner that will benefit our system's stakeholders for the long term.

In reporting these results, we recognize that our achievements in fiscal 2013 are rooted in bold decisions made five and even 10 years ago to ensure CHS would continue to meet its owners' and customers' needs in a rapidly changing global marketplace. Those include decisions to invest in our refining operations, decisions to build a global platform in grain and crop nutrients, and decisions to grow our food and food ingredients businesses. As we enter fiscal 2014, we will continue maximizing the value of today's CHS, and we will ensure our owners continue to grow for many tomorrows. In fact, over the past 36 months, we've made or committed to more than $4 billion in acquisitions and in expansions and upgrades at our existing operations. These investments -- and those that lie ahead -- will help us capture the essential speed and space we need in the global grains and foods sectors to ensure dependable energy supplies and to provide our owners with access to fertilizer and other crop inputs for success in the coming decade.

LEADERSHIP LETTER

1,260.6 961.4

992.4

502.2 381.4 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013

Net income dollars in millions
attributable to CHS

$992.4M
Our theme, Future First, is not limited to financial achievements or bricks and mortar. We're also investing in the next generation of producers and cooperative leaders. We're striving to make sure CHS and the cooperative system attracts and retains the best talent in rural America and around the world to fuel growth for our owners and customers. Our 10,000 dedicated employees are sharing their time, skills and financial resources to make the communities where we live and work even better. Most of all, we're striving to work safely, a commitment supported by making safety a key performance measurement for every CHS location and employee. We can't predict the future in industries shaped by weather, the global economy and other factors beyond our control. But there is one important thing we must do. That's to continue making the future -- your future -- our first priority every day. CARL CASALE President and Chief Executive Officer

From left: Casale, Bielenberg

Putting the future first also means keeping CHS relevant as our owners' first choice as a partner. Throughout 2013, that need spurred us to collaborate innovatively with member cooperatives on new grain and fertilizer facilities, energy ventures, and other opportunities to position our system to serve producers and other customers in the years ahead. During the year, several cooperatives also chose to align fully with CHS as part of our Country Operations retail division. We know the future offers no one-size-fits-all solutions, so we are committed to serving our owners in the ways they require to drive their future growth.

DAVID BIELENBERG Chairman, Board of Directors

CHS 2013

03

