We achieved phenomenal growth, becoming the nation’s fourth-largest cable television operator.
While our acquisition activity and initial public offering generated headlines, I am most proud that
we continued to generate operating results that placed us among industry leaders in virtually all
financial categories.
It takes a special company to maintain outstanding financial and operational performance
in a year of tremendous change. Charter’s performance in 1999 is a tribute to our people and the
values we share — integrity, hard work, and dedication to our customers.
A REMARKABLE YEAR
In 1999, Charter moved to the top tier of the cable industry, as we positioned our Company for
leadership in the emerging world of broadband.
We completed the third-largest initial public offering (IPO) ever in the United States —
and the largest media IPO ever — with a $3.7 billion offering in November 1999. We also completed
the third-largest high-yield bond offering in history, raising $3 billion in March 1999. We recently
raised an additional $1.3 billion from the sale of high yield bonds. We announced 12 acquisitions,
totaling in excess of $14 billion, adding 3.8 million customers.
We have now completed all of the acquisitions that were announced last year. I believe we
exercised great discipline in the process, as evidenced by our average cost of $3,700 per acquired
customer. That compares very favorably to the industry average estimate of $3,900 per customer
that changed hands in 1999.
On a pro forma basis — as if all acquisitions had occurred on January 1, 1999 — revenues
for the year would have been $2.9 billion. Adjusted EBITDA — earnings before interest, income
taxes, depreciation and amortization — excluding certain corporate and noncash expenses,
would have been over $1.4 billion for 1999.
We have exceeded expectations for rolling out new digital programming services.
By year-end 1999, as a result of our marketing efforts, we served 155,400 digital video
customers, well above consensus analyst expectations. Digital video has been a big success
with additional average household revenue of approximately $20 per month from each of
those customers. In addition, we served 65,600 high-speed Internet customers, again well
above consensus analyst expectations.
OBJECTIVES FOR 2000 AND BEYOND
As we look ahead to this year and the next, we plan to increase shareholder value by accomplishing
these objectives:
• the rebuild of our cable systems on schedule and within budget;
• the successful “Charterizing” of recently acquired cable systems, bringing these systems
up to Charter’s high standards of operational and financial performance;
• the rapid, effective deployment of new digital services in markets throughout our systems;
• a continued focus on improving service to our customers; and
• the continuation of strategic acquisitions and system swaps to improve clustering of our systems.
I firmly believe that we’ll end 2000 ahead of our original schedule for rebuilding our systems
without increasing our overall cost projections. Our plant architecture is state-of-the-art. Our
current design standards include six fiber-optic strands to each node serving a maximum of 500
homes, and currently averaging 380 homes per node. By activating the fibers reserved for future use,
utilizing dense wavelength division multiplexing, we can segment to 60 home nodes. This positions
us very well to achieve high penetration levels for all of our advanced services.
Our plans call for adding an average of 10,000 new digital video customers and 2,500 new
high-speed Internet service customers a week in 2000. We also plan to offer our Internet
portal service in St. Louis and other select markets in 2000, and to move ahead with trials of video
on demand and telephone service.
At the same time, we will continue to execute our core video business strategy. We intend to
increase our strong cash flow by delivering new broadband services and by applying our proven,
innovative consumer marketing techniques to deepen market penetration. And we will continue to
deliver outstanding customer service.
We will also continue to analyze potential acquisitions and system swaps to expand and increase
the efficiency of our systems. From the beginning, Charter’s strategy for growth has been to cluster
its cable systems geographically to gain operating efficiencies and economies of scale. Operating
regional clusters helps us accelerate the delivery of new services.
CHARTER’S CULTURE AND BELIEFS
Charter’s success has always been founded on the integrity of its employees. We turn square
corners. We have a strong record of delivering on our promises to our customers and investors.
Our company has grown significantly during the past year, but our values haven’t changed.
I am confident that Charter’s style of management — which emphasizes, encourages, and
rewards decision making at the local level — will ease the integration of our acquisitions. I believe
that Charter’s strong culture and shared values will continue to promote high standards throughout
our growing organization.
Our employees personally benefit as we increase the value of our Company. Substantially
all of our 12,500 employees are included in our option plan. We offer incentives to managers as
certain operating objectives and milestones are achieved.
ACKNOWLEDGING OUR COMMITMENT TO INVESTORS AND CUSTOMERS
I want to thank the entire Charter management team for their hard work during the past year.
With all the growth and all the transaction activity, it was a difficult and challenging period.
I’m very proud to say that this management team responded well and answered every challenge.
Thanks also go to our employees — both long-time Charter employees and those who have
joined our team during the past year — for their tireless efforts to provide outstanding service
to our customers. And thanks to our customers, for their enthusiastic response to new and
improved services.
Finally, I want to thank our investors. With your support, we’re building the best broadband
network in the United States. My number one priority is to reward investor confidence with
outstanding returns on investment.
Sincerely,
Jerald L. Kent
President, Chief Executive Officer and Director
April 18, 2000