To Our Shareholders:
There has not been a more challenging period in our company's evolution than the past year. While our business continued to grow revenues through the successful deployment of advanced broadband services, our analog video customer count declined, and significant organizational challenges arose.
A lengthy internal review together with audits of the years 2001 and 2000 by our new accounting firm, KPMG LLP, resulted in restatements to our financial statements, which reflect the results of our operations for those periods and we believe established financial and operational baselines for an independent evaluation of our business. We made difficult but necessary personnel changes to strengthen our management team, adding individuals with proven track records, whose talents are well-recognized in our industry. We have adopted new financial reporting standards recommended by the National Cable & Telecommunications Association, and we have made an effort to increase transparency in our financial statement disclosure. Finally, we have cooperated with outside inquiries into our business practices in an effort to bring such matters to a conclusion. The year 2003 will be a year of transition. We are fully engaged in advancing the opportunity that is at the center of our company: harnessing the tremendous possibility of our broadband communications network. Toward this end, we have excellent news to share. Charter customers continue to welcome advanced services into their homes, and in each of the key service areas that drive our digital broadband business we are delivering improvements in revenues and cash flow. At the same time, we continue to transition away from our rebuild and upgrade cycle toward a diminishing consumption of capital. As our cash flow from operations grows and our capital expenditures decline, we approaching the generation of free cash flow -- the point at which cash generated from our business exceeds interest expense and capital expenditures. This powerful combination of rising demand and declining infrastructure costs presents the fundamental economic value proposition for Charter. Charter is operationally more efficient than ever before, with a sharp focus on our customers. We target marketing toward consumers who are more likely to buy our topperforming services with the goal of lowering customer disconnect rates. Exerting cost disciplines across our entire organization, we have consolidated our field operations into five geographic divisions, and are implementing intelligent systems that allow us to deliver excellent service to our customers and communities in which we have the privilege to be a broadband technology provider. Against this more disciplined backdrop, our business now encompasses a broad array of information, entertainment and communications services flowing from our single broadband network. From extremely rapid file downloads to the PC, to the latest commercial-free Hollywood hits over the television, we are participating in meaningful ways in the daily lives of millions of customers nationwide. Our sources of revenues increased from our expanding product categories, including high-speed Internet access, digital video, analog video and telephony. Within this growing complement of broadband data products, our high-speed data service stands out not only as the fastest-growing component, but also the most profitable, producing excellent operating margins and requiring comparatively little deployment capital. Demand for our high-speed data service continues as America transforms from a nation of dial-up Internet users to a society equipped with a modern, always-on broadband network. We remain convinced that by providing customers choice in their high-speed data access speeds, and the prices associated with them, we remain competitive and often provide, quite simply, the best deal in town.

2. Charter Communications

Our video revenues continued to increase as a function of service price adjustments and continued sellin of more profitable digital service packages. We have increased video revenues even while experiencing a loss of customers. Analog video customer erosion is our single biggest challenge, and the area receiving the most attention from our entire organization. We are working diligently to attempt to reverse this trend of analog video customer losses. In the fourth quarter of 2001, and throughout 2002, we moved away from deep-discounting sales practices employed in prior years as the primary customer acquisition tool. While competition from satellite providers is intense, our focus on price-value messaging in the sale of bundled video and high-speed data services has produced revenue growth and improved our competitive position. When video and high-speed data services are bundled into competitively priced service packages, we believe we have a compelling message to consumers. Add video on demand, interactive services, high definition television, local content and planned PVR capability, and we believe we have a winning combination of products for the marketplace. Charter's business has performed well. First quarter 2003 revenues were $1.18 billion, a 9.7 percent increase from comparable 2002 levels and cash flows from operating activities were $162 million, a 58.8 percent increase over the year-ago quarter.

Our first quarter results show the positive fruits of Charter's operating strategy: continue to grow the business by increasing the penetration of digital services and high-speed data, reduce customer churn by delivering excellent value through service bundles, decrease operating costs by intelligently consolidating functions, and embrace customer service standards and practices that will improve our market share. Despite distractions and difficulties encountered in the past 12 months, Charter is making tangible progress financially and operationally. Our business is resilient, our revenues are increasing, and our service array continues to expand. For that, we credit the hard work, dedication and resolve of our employees who continue to make Charter's Wired WorldTM vision a daily reality for millions of customers nationwide.

Carl E. Vogel President and Chief Executive Officer

Carl E. Vogel President and Chief Executive Officer

Paul G. Allen Chairman

Paul G. Allen Chairman June 13, 2003

2002 Annual Report

3.

