2 Charter Communications

Letter to Stockholders

To Our Stockholders: The past two years have indeed been a period of change and transformation for Charter. We have moved the Company forward, repositioning squarely on serving our customers and strengthening our operations to take advantage of exciting new opportunities, creating new standards of excellence, and establishing a foundation for long-term shareholder value. Your Board and management team understand the goals and objectives necessary to bolster operating and financial performance, and to position the business for long-term success. Simply stated, our objective is to unlock the unrealized value at all levels of Charter, taking advantage of our past investments to generate future growth. We are confident we have the infrastructure, products, services, and human resources to achieve our goals. While we operate in a highly competitive environment, we believe we provide the products and technology that consumers want and need. By combining these products with a higher degree of customer service, we look to create additional value and enhance our relationship with our customers. At the same time, we are looking to attract new customers and win back those who have turned to alternative providers. Our immediate focus internally is to instill a renewed sense of operational excellence throughout the organization. Our goal is to become the premier provider of in-home entertainment and communications services in every market we serve. In order to achieve this, we must focus on execution, building on our past successes and setting aggressive but achievable goals for ourselves in 2005.

2004 In Review: A Snap Shot For the year, Charter reported revenues of $4.977 billion, an increase of 3 percent from 2003. On a pro forma basis, our revenues were $4.948 billion, an increase of 7 percent over pro forma revenues of $4.630 billion for 2003. This increase in revenue was due primarily to a $197 million, or 36 percent, increase in pro forma high-speed Internet (HSI) revenues year over year. Adjusted EBITDA (which is a non-GAAP measure -- see the "Financial Summary" section of this report for reconciliation to GAAP measures) totaled $1.926 billion for the year ended December 31, 2004, essentially even with the year ended December 31, 2003. On a pro forma basis, adjusted EBITDA totaled $1.913 billion for the year, an increase of $78 million, or 4 percent, compared to pro forma adjusted EBITDA of $1.835 billion for 2003. In 2003, our revenues increased 6 percent to $4.819 billion and adjusted EBITDA grew 7 percent to $1.927 billion compared to 2002. With regard to the balance sheet, we are pleased with the improvements we have made in strengthening the financial profile of the Company. In April 2004 we completed the $8 billion Charter Communications Operating, LLC bank and bond financing. That transaction extended beyond 2008 approximately $8 billion of scheduled debt maturities and credit facility commitment reductions which would have otherwise come due before that time, giving us enhanced financial flexibility. Last November we issued $863 million of convertible senior notes to refinance the $588 million of convertible senior notes due 2005. We also issued $550 million of senior floating rate notes to further improve liquidity. In early 2005 we completed a few private transactions to further improve our debt maturities. We recognize the need to reduce our overall leverage and continuously look at opportunistic

alternatives to improve liquidity and leverage that maximize the interest of all our stakeholders. Due to the timing of the financing activities late in 2004, we ended the year with slightly inflated cash and debt balances. At December 31, 2004, we had $19.5 billion of debt, and $650 million of cash and cash equivalents. Bank availability was $804 million at year end. Products: We remain enthusiastic about the revenue and growth opportunities from new advanced services, including telephone service, HSI, Video on Demand (VOD), high-definition television (HDTV), Digital Video Recording (DVR) equipped set-tops and wireless home networking. In early 2004, we introduced the first all-digital cable telecommunications network in Long Beach, California, resulting in widespread industry acclaim. Converting from analog to digital improves picture quality and potentially recovers precious bandwidth capacity that can be used to provide more HDTV channels as well as targeted services including VOD and specialized subscription services. We launched all-digital in two additional markets, Madison, Wisconsin and St. Louis in early 2005, and expect to make the all-digital switch in additional markets this year. We gained 86,100 digital customers during 2004, increasing our digital base 3 percent on a pro forma basis. Charter has always been among the industry leaders in digital penetration and we are adding enhancements to the digital service to continue to grow that business. Advanced set-tops providing HDTV and DVR services were available to approximately three-fourths of our 2.7 million digital customers at December 31, 2004. Our VOD service was available to over 50 percent of our digital customer base at year end, and we saw usage of this

2004 Annual Report 3

"Simply stated, our objective is to unlock the unrealized value at all levels of Charter, taking advantage of our past investments to generate future growth. We are confident we have the infrastructure, products, services, and human resources to achieve our goals."

service increase throughout the year. We see a lot of future potential in these advanced video services. Our HSI service continued to be a growth driver in 2004. We gained a net 356,600 customers during the year, an increase of 23 percent over 2003 on a pro forma basis. We added a number of value-added features to our HSI platform in 2004 including firewall and anti-virus features, web filtering, spam filters, anti-spyware and pop-up blocking, as well as an enhanced portal. Finally, we vastly expanded our telephone availability in 2004. At December 31, 2004, we served 45,400 telephone customers, up from 24,900 at the end of 2003. The potential for growth is even greater in the coming year with our expanded telephone footprint. We have deployed the triple play bundle -- a value-based package of video, HSI and telephone -- in several markets and have been pleased with the success to date. We have plans for additional deployments in several key markets in 2005.

Our Focus On Excellence for 2005 and Beyond: We have begun an internal operational improvement initiative called Focus On Excellence to create a customer service culture aimed at helping us gain new customers and better serve the ones we have. Focus On Excellence is centered on four key objectives: delivering superior service through our customer care centers; delivering superior service in technical operations and network maintenance; prioritizing resources to invest in growth; and demonstrating our unique value proposition. We have been extremely pleased with the positive near-term results of this on-going initiative. Charter's strength continues to be our tremendously talented employees, who realize customers have a choice in terms of doing business with us. Our employees also realize that success begins and ends

with the customer. We are focused on not just meeting, but exceeding their expectations. Through operational improvements and execution, we look to improve sales and enhance future revenue and adjusted EBITDA growth. The year 2004 was important for Charter -- a year marked by change, transformation and a striving for excellence across the Company. We worked to strengthen our businesses and successfully addressed certain short-term financial challenges facing us. And while we have accomplished a great deal, there is much left to be done as we enter our next phase of development. Our Focus On Excellence initiative is evolving the Charter culture and we now have a re-energized commitment to our vision and mission for the Company. These actions, combined with a focus on our core strengths and new opportunities, mean that we are well poised to deliver on our promise to be the premier provider of in-home entertainment and communications services. Thank you for your continuing support. Sincerely,

Robert P . May Interim President and CEO

Paul G. Allen Chairman July 18, 2005

