LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

A remarkable year!
In 2000, Charter moved to the top tier of the cable industry, as we positioned our company for leadership in the emerging world of broadband.

C

all it delivering on our vision, achieving our goals or just executing our business plan, Charter Communications has done what we said we would do ­ and more. We exceeded our ambitious goals for 2000 ­ achievements in financial growth that kept us at the top of our industry throughout the year. Simultaneously, we continued to make investments in broadband capacity, advanced services and customer Jerald L. Kent President and care to sustain our leadership and growth. Chief Executive Officer In our first summary annual report a year ago, we introduced Charter Communications as a new public company following our initial public offering in November 1999. In the year since, Charter has come a long way toward making our Wired World vision a reality.
2000 ­ EXCEEDING EXPECTATIONS, SURPASSING GOALS

We're pleased to report that we met, and in most cases significantly exceeded, all of the goals we set at the beginning of the year, as well as those expected by Wall Street analysts. Charter attained the following goals in the year 2000:
>> We successfully integrated the systems we acquired

Paul G. Allen Chairman

in 1999 and 2000 serving some 3.9 million customers, achieving projected synergies and improving customer care.

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS

2

>> We accelerated our schedule to build a state-of-the-art broadband network ­ a $3.5 billion investment ­ while improving the company's ratio of debt to cash flow. >> We surpassed our aggressive targets in the rollout of advanced digital services and reached the milestone of 1,000,000 digital cable customers by year-end. >> We were among industry leaders in key measures of performance, including operating cash flow growth and internal customer growth. Pro forma revenues for the year 2000 increased 11.9 percent to $3.30 billion, and operating cash flow increased 19.0 percent to $1.56 billion, compared to pro forma 1999 annual results. Pro forma internal customer growth was 2.5 percent for the year 2000, almost twice the industry average. Our aggressive approach to competition enabled us to cap the year with growth in operating cash flow that was nearly twice that of any other cable operator. Your investment in Charter is helping to construct the most advanced broadband infrastructure in the industry. Your decision to invest in Charter was recently validated by the Association for Corporate Growth's selection of Charter as the international winner of the Outstanding Corporate Growth Award for the year 2000, as well as Cablevision Magazine's 2000 Innovator Award for Technology, and the Southern Cable Telecommunications Association's 2001 R.E. "Ted" Turner Innovator of the Year Award.
BUILDING ON OUR ACCOMPLISHMENTS

Now that we've successfully integrated our acquisitions from the past two years ­ which more than doubled the size of our company ­ we'll seize every opportunity to attract new customers and retain existing ones. Our plant now passes more than 10 million homes, of which 6.4 million are Charter customers. That means there are some 3.6 million potential customers within our footprint. While we've achieved the scale of operations necessary to succeed in today's competitive marketplace, we'll continue to evaluate opportunities for growth through strategic acquisitions, such as the recently announced transactions with AT&T Broadband. When completed, we'll add some 574,000 customers in the St. Louis metropolitan area, a top-20 ranked U.S. cable market; areas of Auburn, Birmingham, Montgomery and Selma, Alabama; and the Reno area of Nevada, a market that offers significant residential growth. The transactions are expected to close in the late second or early third quarter.
CAPITALIZING ON OUR TECHNOLOGICAL ADVANTAGE

Our digital platform serves as the launch pad for rapid growth with new interactive digital services. Our last-mile two-way broadband connection into millions of homes and businesses is unmatched by our competitors, including telephone companies offering DSL Internet

3

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS

service, and satellite providers of video and data service. Nobody else today offers the full range of entertainment, communications, and data services through one broadband connection to the home. We'll use our broadband capabilities to provide advanced interactive services like Internet over TV and video on demand. Our technology is 21st century, but our approach is simple and straightforward: we win new customers, guard the customers we have, and continually develop new services to offer them. In fact, "simple" is the whole idea ­ our focus is on developing easy-to-use technology that makes life easier.
STRONG PERFORMANCE, BRIGHT FUTURE

Charter is the growth leader in the cable industry, but we're more than just a cable company. We're an innovative, broadband communications organization that makes new technology easy for our customers to understand and use. We're demonstrating and commercializing products that tap the potential of our digital broadband platform. This is how we're delivering on our Wired World vision, which provides for the convergence of the television with computers, the Internet and other communications media. To capitalize on cable's broadband capacity to transmit voice, video and data at high speeds, we're establishing Charter's digital platform as the medium for delivering these and other new services to the home and workplace. We'll continue to make necessary investments in our broadband infrastructure, customer care and employee training to realize the opportunity we've created. Even as we make these investments, we'll be among industry leaders in customer and cash flow growth. It's been a remarkable year for Charter, thanks to the efforts of our management team and employees. We thank our long-time employees and those who have recently joined us. As our employees have embraced our core values, maintained their strong entrepreneurial spirit and demonstrated dedication to our customers, they have truly delivered! Many thanks to our investors, whose support has enabled Charter to become the leader in broadband communications. Our goal is to continue to deliver the financial performance our investors deserve ­ and to revolutionize the way the world communicates.

Jerald L. Kent President and Chief Executive Officer

Paul G. Allen Chairman

CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS

4

