C H A R T E R C O M M U N I C AT I O N S , I N C .

LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS

A Solid Foundation
We have a strong management team that blends cable veterans and accomplished executives from other industries to provide the right balance of expertise and experience. We set clear strategies to generate growth. We completed sales of geographically non-strategic cable systems. We created a more efficient operating structure through operational improvements and realignment of our divisions and market areas. We also completed a number of refinancing transactions designed to strengthen our balance sheet. In short, we aligned our team and executed on our business strategies, and now we're leveraging that foundation, with a continued focus on generating revenue and adjusted EBITDA growth.

Our high-quality cable television, high-speed Internet, and telephone services in bundled packages provide customers with the savings, convenience, and choice they desire.

Mission and Strategy
Our mission is to deliver quality products, service, and value to our customers, and profitable revenue growth for our stockholders and other stakeholders. To achieve the mission, we are focused on four strategic priorities:
+ improve the end-to-end customer experience + increase sales and retention + focus resources on high-return investments + improve the balance sheet

Based on these priorities, we rapidly expanded the availability of Charter Telephone® while enhancing our cable television, high-speed Internet, and telephone services with value-added features. By offering these services in bundled packages, we provide customers with the savings, convenience, and choice they desire. In addition, we are investing for future growth in areas of the business where we project the highest returns, and we will continue to opportunistically pursue transactions that strengthen our financial status. We believe these priorities serve us well and, through disciplined execution, will enable us to generate continued growth in 2007 and beyond.

3

C H A R T E R C O M M U N I C AT I O N S , I N C .

LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS

Revenues (in billions)
$5.5

Operational Execution and Financial Discipline
Increased focus on driving revenue across all product categories coupled with operating improvements throughout the Company resulted in 10% revenue growth and 5% adjusted EBITDA growth for 2006 on a pro forma basis. Our quarterly revenue and adjusted EBITDA growth rates improved during each quarter of 2006; and in the fourth quarter we reported simultaneous doubledigit revenue and adjusted EBITDA growth for the first time in four years. Moreover, our efforts to balance pricing and volume growth have led to six consecutive quarters of revenue generating unit (RGU) growth. We consider these results tangible evidence of the momentum Charter is building. Managing a business for sustainable growth requires disciplined execution and investment in initiatives that generate the highest projected returns. In 2006, we made thoughtful capital and operating investments across many areas of our business. Capital expenditures were approximately $1.1 billion, 75% of which supported revenue-producing activities, including customer premise equipment, line extensions, and scalable infrastructure. We expect 2007 capital expenditures to be approximately $1.2 billion and, like last year, about 75% of that amount will support activities that produce revenue.

$4.0
2004 2005 2006

Managing a business for sustainable growth requires disciplined execution and investment in initiatives that generate the highest projected returns.

$4.8

$5.0

The Power of the Bundle Drives Growth
Bundling, which offers customers a combination of two or more Charter services for one value-based price, is the engine of Charter's growth. We aggressively marketed two- and three-service bundles in 2006 and, as a result, grew our bundled customer base from 32% to nearly 40% of total customer relationships year over year. In addition, we increased by five times the number of customers subscribing to our triple-play bundle of cable television, high-speed Internet, and telephone services, bringing triple-play customers up to 6% of our total customer base at the end of 2006. Bundling drives improvements across many fronts of our business, including increased customer satisfaction and retention, improved RGU growth, higher revenue per customer, and improved margins. While we are still in the relatively early stages of our telephone deployment, we are seeing an increase in the percentage of bundled customers in markets where we have achieved double-digit telephone penetration. We are encouraged by these early results and will continue to aggressively market our bundled service offerings, promoting the quality, convenience, and compelling value Charter offers its customers.

4

C H A R T E R C O M M U N I C AT I O N S , I N C .

LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS

Overall, our marketing efforts are focused on establishing long-term relationships with high-value customers. To that end, we deployed a robust marketing database to analyze the effectiveness and yield of our marketing spend. This enables us to focus our efforts on carefully tailored campaigns from which we expect to generate the highest returns.

Growing Telephone Service Availability
We aggressively rolled out telephone service availability in many of the markets we serve, adding 3.9 million homes passed in 2006. Telephone is the cornerstone of our triple-play bundled offering, which drives growth across all of our lines of business. Telephone Homes Passed (in millions)
6.8
0
2004

Telephone Creates the Triple Play
Charter Telephone is the cornerstone of our triple-play bundle. We began 2006 with less than 3 million telephone homes passed, and ended it passing nearly 7 million. As a result, our customer base grew to 446,000, and telephone revenues more than tripled, to $135 million. In February 2007, we celebrated the installation of our 500,000th telephone customer. Now, more than half a million customers enjoy the quality, value, and convenience of Charter Telephone. About 75% of our telephone customers subscribe to the triple-play bundle, and an additional 20% subscribe to two-service bundles. Charter's introductory triple-play offer is generally priced at $99 per month, but due to customer purchases of additional value-added services, we're generating average revenue per triple-play customer of $125-$130. Customers are realizing great value from our bundled offerings, and because Charter is the first company to offer a bundle of cable television, high-speed Internet, and telephone service from a single provider in the markets we serve, we believe we are securing a first-to-market advantage over the competition.

0.9
2005

2.9
2006

Strong Growth in High-Speed Internet
We continually strive to enhance our high-speed Internet offering with faster speeds and innovative new features. Speeds of 5 and 10 megabits per second are now available in all of our market areas, and customers are responding very positively to the value offered by faster data speeds. Additional features we offer include a full security suite with anti-virus protection, firewall, and spam-filtering software; parental controls; a personalized portal, including TV listings, news, online radio, music, and video content; and wireless home networking. These value-added features help set us apart from the competition. With the addition of 305,000 customers in 2006 and the strong reception of our customers to our higher-speed services, revenues from Charter High-Speed ® increased 20% year over year. We ended the year with a total of 2.4 million high-speed

5

C H A R T E R C O M M U N I C AT I O N S , I N C .

LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS

Serving our Customers More Effectively
Asset sales and operational alignment have improved the clustering of our systems, enabling us to serve our customers more effectively. During 2006, we reduced the number of headends we operate by 45%, and increased the number of customers we serve per headend by 68%. We expect these improvements to provide additional operating and capital efficiencies. Headends Operated
720

customers, a 15% increase over 2005. With high-speed Internet service provided to 22% of our high-speed-capable homes, penetration continues to climb.

Value-Added Video Services
Charter serves 5.4 million analog video customers, and about 52% of our video base subscribes to the expanded capabilities of Charter Digital Cable.® In order to provide additional value and choice to our customers, while better aligning our pricing structure with programming costs, we're adjusting our video channel packages. This new video packaging strategy, along with initiatives to improve bandwidth utilization, provides network capacity to further expand our high-definition television (HDTV) programming offerings. As consumer demand for HDTV programming grows, we will further expand our HDTV offerings. During 2006, the number of Charter customers with advanced digital set tops with HDTV or digital video recording (DVR) capabilities increased by 45% year over year. We are also pleased with the success of our video-on-demand service. Charter OnDemandTM is now available to 75% of our digital video customers, and we're working to make it available to even more of our customers. By adding new content and increasing customer awareness, we drove a 55% increase in unique buyers in 2006 and a 56% increase in total Charter OnDemand revenues. Charter OnDemand is changing the way our customers watch TV, and we're providing them with the choices and control they desire.

100
2005 2006

393

Commercial and Advertising Revenues Climb
The commercial business market provides excellent opportunity for growth. Charter's heightened focus on providing video, Internet, and telephone service to small and medium-sized businesses resulted in commercial revenue growth of 16% in 2006. Charter's advertising sales business also continued to flourish, with revenue growth of 13% in 2006. We are focused on the continued growth of our commercial services and advertising sales business in 2007.

Streamlining and Simplifying Operations
During 2006, we completed the sales of geographically non-strategic cable systems serving approximately 400,000 customers. Through these asset sales, we improved the density of our service areas and reduced the number of headends we operate by 45%. We also consolidated our operating

6

C H A R T E R C O M M U N I C AT I O N S , I N C .

LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS

divisions and markets, as well as our customer call centers, with the goal of more effectively serving our customers. These and other operating enhancements increase the productivity of our customer care representatives and field service agents. We expect these improvements to provide additional operating and capital efficiencies going forward.

Refinancing Transactions
We continuously pursue opportunities to extend debt maturities, enhance liquidity, and reduce interest expense and total debt. In 2006, we completed a series of transactions to extend $5.4 billion of maturities through 2012. In addition, in early 2007 we refinanced and increased our bank facilities, which improved liquidity by approximately $1 billion, extended an additional $2.5 billion of maturities through 2012, and reduces interest expense by approximately $50 million annually. Altogether, we expect these improvements to provide Charter with adequate liquidity to fund our operations and service debt obligations through 2008.

We have a strong management team in place, our strategies are clear, and we are keenly focused on execution. In short, we believe we now have the people, the products, and the platform to succeed in 2007 and beyond.

Future Outlook Remains Positive
We continue to be optimistic about the future of Charter as well as the cable industry overall. We have made thoughtful and disciplined investments in our future and will continue to do so. Our goal is to achieve consistent operating and financial performance, while creating value for you, our stockholders. We believe our results illustrate the strong progress we are making toward that goal. We have a strong management team in place, our strategies are clear, and we are keenly focused on execution. In short, we believe we now have the people, the products, and the platform to succeed in 2007 and beyond. As always, we thank you for your continued confidence in the Company. Sincerely,

Neil Smit President and Chief Executive Officer

Paul G. Allen Chairman

7

