To our shareholders
actively partnering with physicians to deliver higher quality and value to their patients, and strengthening our involvement with the communities we serve ­ all of which drive Cigna's ability to provide direct consumer solutions in countries across the globe. Guided by our three-pronged strategy of "Go Deep, Go Global, Go Individual" ­ which calls on us to deepen our leadership in existing geographies, customer segments and product lines; maximize our capabilities in new geographies; and benefit individual customers through highly personalized solutions ­ we are broadening our existing customer relationships and growing our international and U.S. customer base to create a new, sustainable health care model where all participants are highly engaged, accountable and rewarded for achieving better health outcomes. We provide consumers with relevant, actionable information and tools and resources to make informed health decisions based on their unique circumstances. We also partner with employer clients to design customized benefit plans that align with their business goals, employee population and organizational culture, helping to protect the health and productivity of their workforce.

of prominent social, political and other disruptions ­ ranging from economic recessions and debt crises to natural disasters and civil unrest. Looking ahead, the number of people with chronic disease will continue to increase, triggered in part by an aging population that, over time, will put even greater pressure on the world's health, resources and economy.
Collectively, these global disruptions are historic and complex ­ further increasing the demands on our industry to innovate and create more effective and sustainable solutions. At Cigna, we view this environment and its challenges as opportunities to improve health, quality of life and productivity for our clients and customers worldwide. As a leading health service company, we actively participate in the global dialogue with legislative, business and other thought leaders. Further, we are accelerating our focus on wellness and prevention,

The past year gave rise to a series

2011 Business Results
I am proud that in such an uncertain global environment, our proven strategies once again delivered strong financial results in 2011, with meaningful contributions from each of our ongoing businesses. Our consolidated revenues were $22 billion for full-year 2011, compared to $21.3 billion for full-year 2010. Our full-year consolidated adjusted income from operations* for 2011 was $1.43 billion, compared to $1.28 billion in 2010. This equates to $5.21 per share for 2011, reflecting a 12 percent increase over 2010. Cigna's full-year HealthCare adjusted income from operations* was $990 million, and reflects contributions from sustained growth in our medical and specialty businesses. Cigna's International business ­ our fastestgrowing segment ­ delivered adjusted income from operations* of $289 million (a 19 percent increase from 2010), and full-year adjusted income from operations* for our Group Disability and Life business was $282 million ­ a good result in a challenging economic environment.

2

A number of accomplishments contributed to these results. In HealthCare, we continued to drive growth in our Administrative Services Only arrangements, which comprise more than 80 percent of our HealthCare business. These employer-funded plans give our clients a combination of choice and control, enabling them to design their plans from our suite of integrated programs while maintaining full transparency into their costs and retaining control of their health benefit spending. By harnessing this transparency and partnering closely with our clients, we are able to design programs that deliver superior levels of employee engagement and higher levels of proactive service utilization and greater clinical quality. Our International business has well-established operations and sales capabilities through our local licenses and business partnerships in 30 countries and jurisdictions, representing a meaningful competitive advantage. We expanded our international capabilities significantly in 2011 by opening operations in Turkey, acquiring the United Kingdom-based travel insurance company FirstAssist, and entering into a joint venture agreement with the TTK Group, an 80-year-old conglomerate and household name in India. Finally, our Group Disability and Life programs continued to deliver best-in-class results, with 29 percent higher return-to-work rates than the industry average, and a reduction in the length of short-term disabilities by four days.

plan with multi-lingual customer service representatives available 24/7/365, and customers can reach us by phone or through www.Cigna.com, mobile devices or social media ­ contributing to a 97 percent customer satisfaction rating for our case management. We are leading the industry through innovation and enhanced, more personalized service. We significantly improved our ability to meet the individual needs of seniors and Medicare customers through the acquisition of HealthSpring ­ one of the largest and fastest-growing Medicare Advantage plans in the United States. Cigna's rich expertise in the commercial market and HealthSpring's extensive knowledge and success in the high-growth Seniors and Medicare segments create excellent prospects for serving more customers in these categories. Our over-arching focus on meeting the unique needs of our individual customers around the world is exemplified by the 2011 launch of our new brand platform focused on individuality, and the accompanying "GO YOU" brand campaign in the U.S., which guides us in providing a service experience that meets the unique needs of each of our customers ­ the foundation for Cigna's ongoing success.

Customer-centricity in action
Specific examples of how our emphasis on customercentricity is benefiting our customers are evident throughout Cigna. To share just two: Our annual study of customers in our Consumer-Directed Health Plans (CDHP) ­ which provide full transparency to consumers on the cost of their care ­ shows that our CDHP customers receive higher levels of preventative care than their managed care counterparts, better overall clinical quality and 16 percent lower costs in the first year. In 2011, our CDHP plan growth was 35 percent ­ more than double the industry average. We promote better care coordination through our Collaborative Accountable Care (CAC) initiative. Last year, Cigna strengthened its leadership position through 17 patient-centered initiatives in 15 states, encompassing more than 170,000 Cigna customers and 1,800 primary care physicians ­ with significantly more of these initiatives planned for 2012. We see promising results from our programs; one example of the success we are seeing is our improvement in gaps in care in diabetes and hypertension in our CAC initiative at the DartmouthHitchcock hospital system in New Hampshire.

Customer-centricity: the Foundation for Success
Cigna leverages our people, service, information and resources to revolve around the unique needs of each of our customers, regardless of their stage of life. At the core of this emphasis is an unwavering passion for serving the individual, which directly influences the customer-centric resources we offer, the strategic acquisitions we make and even how we established a distinctive global and customer-focused brand "voice" for our organization. We deploy thousands of nurses, health educators, case managers and behavioral coaches to help customers make informed health and wellness decisions based on their specific needs and priorities. Our team helps our customers set and reach personal goals like quitting smoking, losing weight or reducing stress, and learn how to live to their full potential, even when faced with acute illness or chronic diseases. We are the only health

3

To our shareholders
Serving our communities
In 2011, Cigna employees volunteered 27,063 hours in their communities, a 17 percent increase in Cigna volunteerism over 2010. I personally became a charter member of ChildObesity180, an initiative supported by the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, to help reverse the trend of child obesity. Cigna rallied 12 other health care companies to support this program and together, we are funding a nationwide school competition to identify the best exercise and fitness programs and how to replicate them in schools everywhere. The Cigna Foundation actively supported Achilles International, a non-profit organization that helps veterans and others with disabilities participate in mainstream athletics. The Cigna Foundation also supported a team of runners from Achilles at the Walt Disney World® Marathon. Our support of Achilles International is one of the many ways our team is supporting wounded warriors. Our community service is reaching communities around the globe where we focus on the basic essentials that people need to improve their health and well-being, from safe shelter to clean water. I am proud that in China, we built a second new school through our partnership with Project Hope, an initiative that provides education to poor regions of the country, and we are renovating senior citizen homes in Shanghai. In South Korea, we have an elderly care program, and we have served 2,000 people through our dental bus that reaches many people who have never been to a dentist. In India and Belgium, we support clean water projects. And in Spain, more than 30 members of our team traveled from eight countries to the town of Valdemorillo to help renovate a home with ASION, an organization that provides temporary summer dwellings for families of children who have cancer. prevention. We are champions of the lifestyle changes that we know dramatically alter the trajectory of health ­ 75 percent of chronic diseases can be prevented with better diet, exercise and other behavior changes, and Cigna will continue to work tirelessly to encourage healthy behaviors. We know that in the future, consumers will assume increasing responsibility for their own health care. This can happen successfully when individuals have the information and assistance to make decisions that meet their personal needs, which vary across their stages of life. We have created easy-to-use tools that identify the highest quality care at the lowest cost. Our relationships with a global network of health care professionals ­ now one million strong ­ make us ideally suited to act as a catalyst and convene all stakeholders in the health care system to work together to create better value for every dollar. Last year, we brought together an unprecedented gathering of top clients and physicians to discuss ways to work together to improve health quality and lower costs. In addition, we participated in the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, as part of a diverse panel of thought leaders who are exploring the global impact of aging along with the responsibility and opportunity to improve health and economic benefit for societies around the world. Uncertainty and change have become the new norm. Yet, we expect to continue harnessing the power of our ongoing innovation to bring value to our customers, clients, physician partners and shareholders. We are committed to achieving outstanding client and customer retention, attractive revenue growth and strong net income growth, to position Cigna for sustained and differentiated growth through 2012 and beyond.

A Look Ahead
We see an exciting future before us. We continue to lean forward, listening closely to clients and customers to find new and effective ways to promote wellness and David M. Cordani President and Chief Executive Officer

4

* Adjusted income (loss) from operations is a non-GAAP measure used to describe the Company's financial results. A definition of adjusted income from operations along with a reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is contained in Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations on page 38 of the Form 10-K included in this annual report.

