To elaborate... Health care costs, while slowing recently, continue to outpace growth in the economy and wages. Advances in medical technology, new procedures and drugs, an increasing demand for high-intensity care, the aging of the population and the growing ranks of the uninsured all have contributed to the rising cost of care.

From a business perspective, health care is now a bottom-line concern as well as a benefits concern. Companies want benefits solutions ­ cost-effective programs that help them stay competitive while keeping their employees healthy and productive.

At the same time, the quality of care in the United States is uneven, despite the fact that our country spends more of its GDP on health care than any other developed nation. Access to health care in our country is largely funded through employer benefits and employers pick up the greatest share of the tab. The steady inflation they've experienced year after year has eroded their profits and hurt their ability to compete ­ especially in today's global economy. From a business perspective, health care is now a bottom-line concern as well as a benefits concern. Companies want benefits solutions ­ cost-effective programs that help them stay competitive while keeping their employees healthy and productive. Employees, too, increasingly are concerned with the rising cost of care. They are being asked to take on a greater share of their own health care costs and are demanding better value for their money. They want more options, greater access to quality care, and more tools and resources to better manage their health. Dissatisfaction with the current economics of health care has not gone unnoticed

Employees... are concerned with the rising cost of care. They are being asked to take on a greater share of their own health care costs and are demanding better value for their money.

among state and federal officials. A variety of measures have been proposed ­ ranging from universal, government-paid health care to more moderate solutions involving expansion of government programs, coupled with private sector participation, to reduce the number of uninsured individuals. CIGNA is working at both the national and state levels to make sure policy makers are aware of the expertise and value private insurers bring to employers as well as consumers and to offer our assistance in shaping solutions. We expect the call for major health care reform to escalate as the 2008 presidential election approaches. In the meantime, state governments have moved ahead with

4

capabilities of our HealthCare, Group Insurance and International operations, CIGNA has developed an industry-leading, high-quality portfolio of health care and related benefits that address consumer and employer concerns across a broad continuum ­ from prevention and wellness at one end, to managing chronic illness and disability at the other. We cost-effectively care for the whole person offering solutions that include in-house health, pharmacy, behavioral, dental, disability, life and accident benefits. Additionally:


We emphasize early intervention and prevention. While some companies rely solely on claims analysis and reports to identify problems reactively, CIGNA uses sophisticated risk identification technologies to address health problems before they become acute or chronic. · For example, our agreement with the University of Michigan Health Management Research Center gives us exclusive access to programs that

CIGNA believes the most sustainable approach to enhancing health care quality and reducing costs is to fully engage consumers in the process of improving their health, well-being and security.

help members identify and address their individual health risks. The agreement also provides access to data that will help employers develop worksite health and wellness programs aimed at changing unhealthy behaviors, as well as ways to measure the impact of these programs.


We are intensely focused on our role as health advocates for consumers. CIGNA seeks to fully engage consumers at a fundamental, personal level, to ensure individuals obtain appropriate care given their specific circumstances. For example, we provide online access to health quality and cost information to help consumers make informed choices related to pharmacy pricing, physician quality and efficiency, hospital quality and cost, and a variety of surgical, radiological and dental procedures. · Our recent acquisition of vieLife Holdings, one of the United Kingdom's leading providers of online health management and coaching programs, exemplifies our approach to health advocacy. Essentially, we've added innovative new online coaching capabilities and a technology platform that will enhance our ability to engage and help consumers on lifestyle issues related to sleep, stress, nutrition and fitness.

6



A pharmacy management program to help employers control the rising cost of drugs prescribed to workers' compensation claimants.



An oral health program specifically for members with diabetes and cardiovascular conditions.



Web-based, self-service disability claims information, reporting and analysis capabilities.



Electronic claims reimbursement, providing direct deposit of payments into bank accounts for expatriates.

CIGNA also significantly enhanced its health care network and distribution

In 2007, we intend to build on the progress we've made to this point ­ working to achieve and sustain an industry-leading rate of growth in medical membership... fortifying our position as the industry's leading health advocate for consumers... and expanding our scope and reach into existing and emerging markets. In the process, we expect to deliver superior value for our customers and consumers ­ and a superior return for our shareholders.

capabilities through a series of acquisitions and joint ventures:


In September, CIGNA HealthCare announced a strategic alliance with MVP Health Care/Preferred Care, which serves employers in New York, Vermont and New Hampshire. This partnership adds another 19,000 providers and 150 hospitals to CIGNA's network, bringing our total to more than 500,000 providers and some 5,000 hospitals and health care facilities nationwide.



In December, CIGNA HealthCare acquired Memphis-based Mid-South Administrative Group, expanding our already considerable membership in that area by almost 15 percent.

These partnerships, like earlier agreements with New England-based Tufts Health Plan, Minneapolis-based HealthPartners and Michigan-based Health Alliance Plan, increase access for our existing customers and members and create opportunities to gain new business in key geographic regions. To better capitalize on the opportunities these new programs and distribution capabilities present, CIGNA HealthCare realigned its National Accounts, Middle Market and Small Business segments. An Emerging Markets segment was created to pursue promising new opportunities in previously untapped areas, such as individual benefits and programs for seniors. In July, CIGNA acquired Phoenix-based Star HRG's product, service and distribution capabilities, giving CIGNA immediate, significant capability to provide low-cost limited and voluntary group health benefits for hourly and part-time workers and their dependents.

8

