Dear Shareholders: Like many companies worldwide, 2009 was a year of change for CIGNA. The global economic crisis and the turbulent debate surrounding health care reform created a challenging environment for our customers and our organization. We faced uncertainty with resolve and fortitude by developing creative and unique solutions for our customers, clients and business partners worldwide. During 2009, CIGNA's adjusted income from operations* was $1.1 billion, or $3.98 per share, compared to $946 million, or $3.39 per share, in 2008. Consolidated revenue for 2009 was $18.4 billion compared to $19.1 billion in 2008. Stabilization in the capital markets along with strategic cost reductions provided considerable momentum. This solid performance speaks volumes about the approximately 30,000 people all over the globe who live CIGNA's mission every day. The ongoing health care debate put a spotlight on our industry last year, which at times led to inaccurate or incomplete accounts about how our business and that of our competitors operate. I am proud to report that our team did not allow the volatility and disruption to distract us from our mission of helping the people we serve, and our 2009 results underscore that commitment. Overall, the diversification of our portfolio from our HealthCare, Group and International businesses continues to be key to our progressive global growth strategy. In 2009, we generated competitively attractive growth and earnings.

* Adjusted income from operations is a non-GAAP financial measure used to describe the Company's financial results. A reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is contained in Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations beginning on page 48 of the Form 10-K included in this annual report. $946 million

$19.1 billion $18.4 billion $1.1 billion

2008

2009

2008

2009

Adjusted Income from Operations

Consolidated Revenue

Letter to Our Shareholders 3

Specifically:
· Full-year adjusted income from operations for our three ongoing businesses was modestly

above 2008 results and represents solid performance given the challenging economic, political and competitive environment. Full-year 2009 HealthCare adjusted income from operations was $729 million. This result primarily reflects lower operating expenses and continued solid contributions from our specialty businesses, partially offset by lower membership, primarily due to disenrollment related to national unemployment, and a higher medical care ratio in the guaranteed cost business due in part to H1N1 flu-related claims.
· Full-year 2009 adjusted income from operations in our Group Disability and Life segment

was $279 million, a modest year-over-year increase. This result reflects favorable accident and disability claims experience, along with continued delivery of competitively attractive margins driven by the disability management programs purchased by our customers.
· In our International segment, full-year 2009 adjusted income from operations was

$182 million. While lower than 2008, this reflects a solid result in difficult economic times marked by higher-than-expected claims and unfavorable foreign currency movements. This business continues to deliver competitively strong margins, and we are pleased with the long-term growth prospects.

Our focus is to design programs that drive health care quality up and costs down.

As we move into 2010, the United States continues to debate how best to ensure all Americans have access to quality, affordable health care coverage. We unequivocally believe health care needs to be reformed. The three fundamental issues of access, cost and quality of service must be addressed in a sustainable way if we are to achieve true health care reform. The sustainable solution to health care in the United States ­ or anywhere in the world that has a growing problem with rising sickness and the associated costs ­ is to focus on health

improvement. Helping people stay healthy and reducing health risks is the only way to stem the tide of preventable disease and premature death. No matter the final outcome of health care reform efforts, our focus remains the same: to design programs that drive health care quality up and costs down, without compromising our service delivery. We want the CIGNA brand to be the symbol of health leadership in mature as well as growing markets around the world. CIGNA products, such as integrated personal health teams, wellness programs and disability programs that help people get back to work faster than our competition, focus on improving individual health ­ physically, behaviorally and financially. We initiated this strategy several years ago when we determined that we would be a company that helps customers stay well and prevent illness and injury rather than a traditional insurance company that solely pays claims and works with customers when they are sick or hurt. We continue to offer personal health coaching to help customers reach their health goals and develop new tools that enable customers to better understand and manage the cost of their care.

4 Letter to Our Shareholders

Looking ahead, there are signs of stabilization in the economy, but there are still challenges on the horizon. Winning in the midst of global recession requires commitment, discipline and perseverance. We expect to deliver a reduction in costs of $135 million in 2010 with half of the savings being reinvested in technology and service improvements for our customers. Our 2010 earnings outlook reflects competitively attractive earnings in a tough economic environment, driven by the strength of our diversified portfolio of businesses in the United States and around the world. Given all the change around the world, our strategy is to increase our focus in areas of strength, including targeted geographies, products and channels where we can drive profitable growth. We will do this by going deep into identified geographies with our targeted products. We will go global, exporting what we offer to the growing middle class around the world; and we will go

Our destination is to be a successful global health service company.

individual, because that is where we will have the most impact to serve and help improve the quality of life of people across the globe. A global company has global responsibilities and it is our intention to improve the communities in which we operate. We believe in service without borders ­ in giving back to communities and lending a hand to those in need. Our employees have literally walked miles across America in the annual March for BabiesSM and across China to raise money to rebuild schools lost in the earthquake. We've partnered with groups that support people with disabilities. We've built homes for those in need from Connecticut to Thailand. Our employees collectively volunteered more than 16,000 hours last year to serve the communities where we live and work to improve their health, well-being and sense of security. Between employee fundraising efforts and CIGNA's corporate giving, we have provided funds to fight breast cancer, to make clean water available in India and Africa, and to provide disaster relief in China, Indonesia, Samoa and Haiti. As I have said to our team internally, CIGNA has embarked on a journey of enormous change ­ for our company and for the industry we are reinventing. I am confident that we will be able to achieve our full-year 2010 financial and operational goals. Our mission remains unchanged. We are focused on helping the people we serve improve their health, well-being and sense of security. Every decision, product and service supports this mission. Our destination over the next three to five years is to be a global health service company that succeeds based on knowledge of our clients, customers and business partners, and differentiated service. We have the ability to build CIGNA's greatest era of growth and success. I am excited about our 2010 outlook and fully committed to delivering superior value to our customers and as a result, strong returns for you ­ our shareholders.

David M. Cordani President and Chief Executive Officer

Letter to Our Shareholders 5

