 2 LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS Inthefaceofadynamicandchallenging global environment, Cigna has demonstrated consistent success by addressing our customers’ desire for affordable and personalized solutions which – consistent with Cigna’s mission – help improve their health, well-being and sense of security.
   This remained the case in 2014 when, for the fifth consecutive year, Cigna delivered competitively attractive financial results to our shareholders.
OUR STRATEGY:
GO DEEP
WITHIN TARGETED GEOGRAPHIES AND BUYING SEGMENTS
GO GLOBAL
TO LEVERAGE OUR CAPABILITIES IN A BORDERLESS FASHION
GO INDIVIDUAL
TO ENGAGE AND SERVE THE NEEDS OF INDIVIDUALS
This outstanding track record continues to be driven by the disciplined execution of our “Go Deep, Go Global, Go Individual” strategy, as we continue to invest in new capabilities, personalize our product and service offerings, and expand our geographic footprint.

David M. Cordani
President and
Chief Executive Officer Cigna Corporation
3
“CIGNA WILL DOUBLE THE SIZE OF OUR BUSINESS IN 7 TO 8 YEARS.”
We also continue to innovate through meaningful investments ranging from new clinical programs and aligned customer incentives, to the expanded use of enabling technologies and programs for health care professionals.
We believe that Cigna has the right strategy and growth framework to continue meeting and exceeding the needs of our customers and clients – giving us the foundation to achieve our goals, including:
› Growing revenues by eight to ten percent in 2015;
› Doubling the size of our business over the next seven to eight years and;
› Delivering on our long-term Earnings Per Share objective of 10 to 13 percent compound growth on an annual basis.
2014 Performance Highlights: Another Year of Strong Results
First, let’s review Cigna’s 2014 financial performance.
Cigna’s full-year consolidated revenue increased by eight percent, to approximately $35 billion. Adjusted income from operations* was $2 billion, or $7.43 per share – representing a per-share increase of nine percent compared with 2013. Cigna reported shareholders’ net income for the full- year of $2.1 billion.
In the five years since implementing our “Go Deep, Go Global, Go Individual” strategy, Cigna has delivered compound annual growth of 14 percent for revenues and 14 percent for adjusted income from operations* on a per share basis.
Further, over the past five years, we have continued to deliver industry leading medical cost trend results.
* Adjusted Income from Operations and Adjusted Income from Operations per share are non-GAAP measures used to describe the Company’s financial results. Definitions of Adjusted Income from Operations on a consolidated and segment basis are contained in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD&A) on page 32 and 45, respectively, of the Form 10-K included in this annual report. The MD&A also includes reconciliations of Adjusted Income from Operations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures.

4 LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Business Segment Performance Highlights
Each of Cigna’s business segments – Global Health Care, Global Supplemental Benefits, and Group Disability and Life – delivered strong growth in 2014 over the prior year, as we grew our number of customer relationships to more than 85 million worldwide.
GLOBAL HEALTH CARE
Cigna’s Global Health Care business segment provides health care, wellness and preventive solutions to individuals and employers around the world. In another strong year for this segment, we grew premiums and fees by seven percent, to $24.5 billion, reflecting growth in all of our Global Health Care businesses, including continued growth in our fast-growing self-funded and specialty products businesses. We ended 2014 with 14.5 million global medical customers, representing an increase of approximately 380,000 customers during the year (excluding limited benefits customers).
We continue to effectively manage medical costs that reflect better health outcomes and strong clinical excellence for our customers and clients, as a result of our deep, collaborative relationships with physicians and our focus on the personalization of care.
For example, in 2014 we surpassed our goal of 100 Collaborative Accountable Care Organization arrangements with large physician groups, serving more than 1.4 million customers. Cigna also introduced a new suite of value-based initiatives, which we refer to as Cigna Collaborative Care,
to include small physician groups, specialists
and hospitals, all with an eye to improving care
for our customers.
GLOBAL SUPPLEMENTAL BENEFITS
Cigna’s Global Supplemental Benefits business segment, which provides supplemental health, life and accident insurance in several markets around the world – including Medicare supplement coverage in the United States – once again delivered attractive growth and profitability
for our shareholders. Our highlights included formally launching our Cigna Health Insurance joint venture in India, and continued success in Korea, where we continue to innovate and grow, serving millions of customers.
Premiums and fees for this segment grew by
14 percent year-over-year, with adjusted income from operations* of $230 million – reflecting attractive operating margins, and continued strategic investments to drive future growth.

GROUP DISABILITY AND LIFE
Our Group Disability and Life business segment – which provides life, accident and disability insurance, along with back-to-work programs – delivered solid results, with premiums and fees increasing by six percent over 2013, and full-year adjusted income from operations* of $317 million. These results reflected favorable claims experience in Cigna’s life insurance business and a lower operating expense ratio. Cigna continues to be a leader in group disability product sales, and we maintain a strong share of the market for group disability, life and accident solutions as well as for leave of absence programs such as Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) administration.
Creating a more sustainable health care environment
We are proud of the results we’ve generated for our shareholders as well as for those we serve around the world.
Market by market, the global environment is
a challenging one for those of us in the health service sector. It’s far more so for the millions of individuals trying to manage their health, and the health of their families, in a way that’s effective, affordable and relevant to their personal needs.
Theanxietyandconfusionofconsumers surrounding their health care is easy to understand.
For example, in the United States, health care costs have grown faster than the economy over the past three decades, with health care expenditures on pace to represent $1 of every $5 produced by the United States economy by 2021.
Further, chronic diseases – many of them preventable with better lifestyle and behavior choices – represent about 75 percent of United States health care spending. Chronic diseases are the leading cause of death and disability in the United States, accounting for seven out of every ten deaths each year.
At the same time, there’s a significant “disconnect” between individuals and their medical costs, with too many people acting
as passive consumers of health care, in large part because of the difficulty in navigating and engaging with a high-cost, fragmented system. Yet, these same consumers of health care are expected to understand and select from more choices than ever before.
Ultimately, these individuals want peace of mind. Fulfilling these needs is a dynamic process, as customer needs evolve and vary over time due to life and health stage changes.
5

6
     PERSONAL
      
“OUR GUIDING FRAMEWORK DRIVES DIFFERENTIATED VALUE FOR CUSTOMERS AND STAKEHOLDERS.”
It is clear that, as a society, we are long past due for a reasoned dialogue on health care in the United States, exploring how employer groups, government and health care suppliers can work together to build a sustainable system better equipped to provide quality, affordable care
over the long term – a system which transcends its historic focus on sick care and addressing existing illness, to one more adequately focused on the preventive care, and lifestyle and behavior improvements, that help people avoid getting sick in the first place.
At Cigna, we believe consumers of health care services deserve more choice, higher quality, transparency and affordability.
No single entity has all of the answers to get us there. From Cigna’s perspective, we believe we can take major steps toward a sustainable health care system by increasing the effectiveness of what we already know is working today and for which Cigna strongly advocates, including:
› Access to quality medical care through employer-sponsored plans, a robust individual market and a variety of safety nets available to those in need;
› Improved affordability, which includes rewarding doctors and hospitals based on quality outcomes;
› Broadening choice for all purchasers of health care insurance and services;
› Making costs and quality of care as transparent as possible, and
› Engaging individual customers of health care as important partners.
LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS 7

8 LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
“CIGNA WILL CONTINUE TO GROW THROUGH AFFORDABILITY AND PERSONALIZATION.”
Society’s desire for improvement is evident.
From an employer-group perspective, Cigna sees our clients increasingly focused on engaging their workforces to drive improved health outcomes. To continue doing so, they require choices of effective and efficient health and productivity services, including more benefit choices that
are valued by their employees, ranging from employer-funded base offerings to employee-paid voluntary benefits; and innovative engagement tools, including incentive and network programs that yield superior value from both a quality and affordability perspective.
Similarly, as government funding of health costs continues to grow, governments across the globe are seeking paths to better drive improved quality and health outcomes at affordable costs – including high-value based social programs for the neediest members of the population as well as innovative programs for the higher risk/higher complexity populations, such as Medicare/Medicaid dual eligible individuals in the United States, and the aged, blind and disabled populations.
Finally, health care professionals are seeking new partnerships that leverage information, incentives and care resources to help them navigate to a value-based performance and reimbursement environment. We’re seeing this approach gain momentum in the United States.
Affordability and personalization
For Cigna, market needs and expectations are framed in the context of two strategic imperatives that guide our approach as we respond to, engage and interact with our customers: affordability and the personalization of services.
There’s an inherent and natural tension involved in striking the right balance between affordability and personalization – a balance which Cigna aims to strike by:
› Understanding our customers’ unique needs, in part by leveraging data analytics and insights;
› Localizing our operations to meet the needs of a specific market or country;
› Fulfilling our brand promise of helping individuals in a personally relevant way, and
› Harnessing our breadth of talent – more than 35,000 team members around the world.
Cigna is committed to continuing to participate in, and play a convening role in prompting constructive dialogue on how we can best create a sustainable health care system. At the same time, we will continue to incorporate these elements in our own organization, and ensure we are positioned to rise to these opportunities and challenges.

Converting challenges into growth opportunities
To achieve our growth goals in a disruptive global environment for health care, Cigna has built a guiding framework – comprising three main components:
› Leveraging our core capabilities in existing businesses;
› Effectively deploying capital;
› Pursuing new and emerging opportunities.
Taken together, Cigna believes this framework will enable us to continue driving differentiated value for our customers and shareholders over time.
LEVERAGING OUR CORE CAPABILITIES
As part of this first component, we see significant opportunity to leverage the three pillars of our “Go Deep, Go Global, Go Individual” strategy, to focus on markets and segments where we are well-positioned to continue winning in the market.
Our existing portfolio, along with our focused execution, will play a significant role in doubling the size of business over the next seven to eight years, which will result in an average annual revenue growth rate of eight to ten percent. Our 2015 outlook is consistent with this goal.
CAPITAL DEPLOYMENT
Relative to the second part of our framework – targeted and effective capital deployment – our portfolio of businesses continued to contribute significant free cash flow for shareholders.
Over the past five years, we have effectively deployed capital through a balance of investments in our business portfolio, strategic mergers and acquisitions, and share repurchase. A good, recent example of this is our agreement to purchase QualCare Alliance Networks – an acquisition directly aligned with our Go Deep strategy, and our physician-partnership strategy.
We also have a strong track record of generating high levels of free cash flow, which provides us with financial flexibility, and the opportunity to deploy capital to create additional value for our shareholders. And given the health of our balance sheet and underlying capitalization levels of our subsidiaries, we expect to have $1.8 billion dollars of capital available for deployment in 2015.
9

10
                    ACCESSIBLE
                 
                             
12 LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
NEW AND EMERGING OPPORTUNITIES
The third component of our framework where we will seek to drive additional value for our shareholders is through new and emerging opportunities.
These opportunities include:
› New distribution marketplaces such as public and private exchanges;
› Geographic expansion, such as new Medicare Advantage markets in the United States and expanding international opportunities;
› New buying segments and service expansions, such as Medical Service Organization offerings for the benefit of integrated health care professionals.
Cigna is well-positioned to pursue each of these potentially attractive future growth opportunities that are aligned with our strategy. As such, we have dedicated resources to fuel future expansion in these areas.
Conclusion
Cigna remains confident in the strength of our product and service portfolio, our financial flexibility, and our ability to build on our current markets and segments as well as to create new opportunities in target geographies.
The proven effectiveness of our “Go Deep, Go Global, Go Individual” strategy, along with our framework for longer-term growth, puts us in a strong position to meet our goals of:
› Growing revenues by eight to ten percent in 2015;
› Doubling the size of our business over the next seven to eight years and
› Delivering on our long-term Earnings Per Share growth objective of between 10 to 13 percent compound growth on an annual basis.
Our 35,000-plus employees around the world remain committed, day in and day out, to living Cigna’s mission of helping the people we serve improve their health, well-being and sense of security. On behalf of our entire organization,
I thank you for your support of Cigna.
David M. Cordani
President and
Chief Executive Officer Cigna Corporation
 