a co nve r s a t i o n w i t h o u r s h a re h o l d e r s

For their part, employees are saying that if they have to pay more for their health benefits, they want better value and choice. They want greater access to quality health care. And they want more health management tools, information and resources.

at stake, both financially and in terms of their own health. While escalating medical costs have been the catalyst for this

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

Under the new Save with Generics program introduced by CIGNA Pharmacy Management, first-time members who use a generic drug for several conditions will have their co-pay reduced by $5 to $20 at the pharmacy.

IF WE HAVE TO PAY MORE FOR OUR HEALTH BENEFITS, WE WANT BETTER VALUE AND CHOICE.

CIGNA HealthCare introduced extensive new clinical management programs to assist members with obesity-related illnesses, including Specialized Case Management Services and a CIGNA Certified Hospitals for Bariatric Surgery program for members who have morbid obesity and may be candidates for bariatric surgery. CIGNA HealthCare and Health Alliance Plan formed a marketing affiliation to offer national, open-access products to mid-sized and large employers with sites in Michigan and other states. The affiliation is designed to provide a comprehensive national provider network for both self-insured and fully insured employers.

Q ­ But can consumerism deliver cost control as well as quality? Isn't the point of managed care to help control health care costs? A ­ Yes, on both counts. But, as we
all know, the classic managed-care model became unsustainable in large part because consumers found some of its inherent characteristics ­ the restrictions on choice, in particular ­ to be onerous. They came to view managed care as more of a means to manage costs than to manage care. As health benefits companies began to loosen some of the restrictions, costs began to rise again. The promise of consumerism is that costs can be removed from the system as consumers ­ who are demanding more control over their health benefits, more quality and, especially, more value ­ are actually given the ability and the incentives to assume more control. In a consumer-driven health plan, consumers know they have more

movement, consumerism also presents a real opportunity to improve health while removing costs from the system. When consumers have both the incentive and the ability to take responsibility for improving their own health, costs will be truly removed from the system ­ not just shifted elsewhere.

Q ­ Assuming that consumerism isn't just the industry's "flavor of the month," what do you think it means to benefits providers like CIGNA? A ­ Let's be clear about this:
Consumerism is not a fad. It's a fact. And it's a top strategic focus for CIGNA. In our view, consumerism represents a sea change ­ a quantum shift in the delivery of health care services and, eventually, other benefits. As such, it means an entirely new role for benefits

CIGNA International launched CIGNALinks®... United Kingdom, a program that offers health care services at negotiated rates to expatriate employees and key local nationals in the U.K. CIGNA also established an agreement with Wockhardt Hospitals Group of India and World Assist, the premier health care network in Brazil, Argentina and Paraguay, to accept direct payments from CIGNA so expatriate patients won't have to worry about payment at time of service.

7

a co nve r s a t i o n w i t h o u r s h a re h o l d e r s

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

CIGNA HealthCare acquired Choicelinx®, a benefits technology and services company based in Manchester, New Hampshire, that specializes in developing proprietary Internet-based technology services to provide personalized health care products and decision support to consumers. CIGNA Dental announced a first-of-its-kind CIGNA Dental Oral Health Maternity ProgramSM in response to mounting research indicating an increased probability of preterm birth for those with gum disease. CIGNA International opened a new branch office in Shanghai in January 2006 and expects to launch operations in two more Chinese provinces in 2006. CIGNA HealthCare and NationsHealth, Inc. formed a strategic alliance and began jointly delivering CIGNATURE RxSM , a national Medicare Part D

companies like CIGNA. We believe the shift to consumerism will require benefits providers to take a more active and holistic approach to health care. By that, I mean delivering

CIGNA posted an average improvement of nearly 16 percent between 2002 and 2005 in the "Effectiveness of Care" category within the Health Plan Employer Data and Information Set (HEDIS®). HEDIS is a set of standardized performance measures designed to ensure that employers and consumers have the information needed to compare the performance of managed health care plans. HEDIS is sponsored and supported by the National Committee for Quality Assurance, an independent, non-profit organization whose mission is to improve health care quality. CIGNA Group Insurance sponsored and participated in the development of the Employer Measures of Productivity, Absence and Quality initiative, the disability industry's first standardized metrics and reporting system. CIGNA HealthCare developed the CIGNA Care Network®, a designation given to specialty providers who meet or exceed national quality and efficiency standards. Consumers receive reduced co-payments for choosing a specialist designated as a CIGNA Care Network provider.

AT CIGNA, WE SEE LIFE THROUGH THE CONSUMER'S EYES.

better health care communication and education, more health coaching and new resources and tools for consumers, employers and health care professionals.

Q ­ How is CIGNA gearing up to compete successfully in this new world of consumer-driven health care? A ­ First of all, we're in an enviable
position in that we're very wellequipped to help lead the market transition to the new consumer-based model ­ that is, to help educate and engage consumers in managing their own health. In a real sense, we're leading the industry. We've developed a strategic approach to the consumerdriven marketplace that differentiates us from our competitors. And we're making the investments in the capabilities we need to sustain and enhance our position.

prescription drug plan combining NationsHealth's experience in distribution and service to the Medicare population with CIGNA HealthCare's industry-leading pharmacy product portfolio and clinical management programs. CIGNA HealthCare members in select locations

CIGNA Well Aware disease management programs were expanded to include obesity, depression, and several targeted conditions, including stomach disorders, Hepatitis C and osteoporosis.

who develop routine ailments now have access to care at MinuteClinic health care centers conveniently located in retail outlets including Target® , CVS/Pharmacy® , Bartell Drugs and Cub Foods® stores. CIGNA HealthCare launched CareAlliesSM to meet the growing demand for consumer-focused care management and health coaching services. CareAllies is available to employers with or without CIGNA HealthCare medical plans or networks and offers companies easy administration, a comprehensive strategy to help improve the health and productivity of their workforce, leading clinical management programs and personalized decision support services.
TM

CIGNA HealthCare added the State of Tennessee to its growing government sector business portfolio. Tennessee chose CIGNA to provide health care benefits to more than 120,000 state and local government employees. 8

WE OFFER HEALTH AND INFORMATION RESOURCES CONSUMERS CAN USE TO MAKE THE BEST POSSIBLE COST AND QUALITY CHOICES.

Q ­ Why is that meaningful to employers and employees ­ your customers, clients and health plan members? A ­ It's meaningful because we fully
embrace consumerism as an entirely new way to engage directly with consumers and their families. It's a way for us to enhance health care quality and value by providing easily accessible, easily understood information on quality and cost. And it's how we help control costs while enhancing health and productivity. Essentially, we see ourselves as committed health advocates working every day to improve the health of

our members as well as the strategic and financial well-being of our employer customers. That's certainly a meaningful undertaking.

In a nutshell, we offer health and information resources consumers can use to make the best possible cost and quality choices ­ about the care they need and the health care

Q ­ Is health advocacy really an appropriate role for a benefits provider? A ­ It's not only appropriate, it's
critical. Our job is to be a trusted advisor ­ a true health advocate ready and able to provide knowledge, align incentives and create opportunities that engage consumers at a personal level and motivate them to attain their personal health goals.

providers delivering it ­ and thus effectively manage their own health and well-being. At the same time,

WE'VE SET THE STAGE FOR MEMBERSHIP GROWTH IN 2006.

we provide information employers can use to assess the health of their employee population and the effectiveness of the benefits they offer.

9

Q ­ How does this approach differentiate you from your competitors? A ­ While our competitors are focusing
on specific products and services, we're identifying real-life health care issues and concerns and providing benefit solutions consumers need and want. Our advantage lies in our ability to focus on the whole person

of clinical capabilities to treat the whole person safely and effectively. It's worth noting that CIGNA can offer a fully integrated portfolio of health and related benefits that

where I sit, this gives us a real competitive edge.

Q ­ So when you're asked to characterize in simple terms CIGNA's capabilities as a provider of consumer-driven benefits, what do you say?

OUR ADVANTAGE LIES IN OUR ABILITY TO FOCUS ON THE WHOLE PERSON.

A ­ I say that we excel at what really
matters to the consumer, that we see life through the consumer's eyes

­ helping members take control of their own care, tend to their own well-being, and manage costs. Essentially, this means using and leveraging what I consider the industry's most extensive portfolio includes medical, pharmacy, behavioral health, vision, dental, disability, accident and life insurance benefits. In this respect, we're an exceedingly rare company. From and that we understand the challenges implicit in keeping people healthy and productive. I explain that we focus on the fundamentals of good health and

OUR PEOPLE ARE MAKING A POSITIVE DIFFERENCE FOR OUR CUSTOMERS.

10

a co nve r s a t i o n w i t h o u r s h a re h o l d e r s

work diligently to help our members access care that's effective and that meets the highest standards of clinical excellence. I speak about how we offer choices that matter, based on our recognition that all health care is personal. I describe our ability to provide information that helps consumers make intelligent decisions about health care ­ and the quality and cost of that care ­ given their own individual circumstances. I talk ­ with more than a little pride ­ about how we earn the trust of our members, who reap the benefits of the personalized health advocacy programs we offer. And I emphasize that, as a socially responsible, qualitydriven business of caring, everything we do is aimed at improving the health and well-being of the people who depend on us. That's always been true for us as a managed care company. And it will continue to be true for us as a consumer-driven benefits company. The fact is, that's why 28,000 dedicated CIGNA people ­ expert clinicians, relationship managers and other talented, dedicated professionals ­ come to work every day.

few years, and we're determined to be a leader in our industry. In health care, we're going to focus on growing our membership profitably. We'll get the job done primarily by capitalizing on our unique strengths and capabilities in health care consumerism. We'll differentiate ourselves in the marketplace as a trusted health advocate ­ an organization with a documented record of clinical quality and excellence in medical management, and one of the only benefits companies capable of delivering a fully integrated portfolio of general

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

CIGNA HealthCare launched the small group broker Web site on cigna.com, targeted to brokers whose clients have 50 or fewer employees. This new resource gives brokers access to real-time information online.

CIGNA Group Insurance introduced Disability Solutions for Chronic Conditions, a program linking disability with disease management for several conditions. This will help employers reduce the number and length of disability claims as well as the associated costs. CIGNA held more than 260 continuing education courses attended by 2,800 brokers and consultants nationwide. CIGNA and the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services launched Medicare Health Support, a disease management pilot program covering 20,000 chronically ill Medicare beneficiaries who have diabetes or congestive heart failure. CIGNA HealthCare added six mutual fund investment options to its CIGNA Choice FundSM Health Savings Account to help HSA members achieve their saving goals. CIGNA Choice Fund HSA participants have the option of investing in up to six mutual funds from leading firms including JPMorgan Funds, T. Rowe Price® and The Royce Funds® . CIGNA HealthCare acquired Managed Care Consultants of Nevada, giving CIGNA a local presence in Nevada and an office in the Las Vegas area responsible for business operations in the state. 11

EVERYTHING WE DO IS AIMED AT IMPROVING THE HEALTH AND WELL-BEING OF THE PEOPLE WHO DEPEND ON US.

medical and specialty health care products, services and programs. We'll also capitalize on our strong position in the group disability and life and international insurance markets to cultivate and grow those businesses profitably and aggressively. So, while 2005 was a good year for us, I expect even better things in the future from all of our businesses.

Q ­ How do you view your prospects? A ­ With a high degree of optimism
and enthusiasm about what the future holds for us. We've accomplished a great deal over the last

I'm excited about our prospects for the year ahead and believe we can and will deliver the long-term value our customers, members, clients and shareholders expect from us.

