Perspective
Our objective is to make it easy for interested shareholders to know what stands behind your investment in Cincinnati Financial Corporation. We want to provide shareholders with a full understanding of how your company operates and how it earns money.

Principled, Practiced, Predictable
To Our Shareholders: Cincinnati Financial Corporation recently closed the books on a record year. Revenues, income, assets and book value reached their highest levels ever in 2003, with profitability of property casualty operations at its best level in more than 10 years.
Net income was $374 million, or $2.31 per diluted share, up 57.0 percent from $238 million, or $1.46 per share, in 2002. Net income per share included net realized investment losses of 17 cents in 2003 versus losses of 38 cents in 2002. Investment income ­ our primary source of profits ­ continued to grow based on the strength of our equity portfolio and our long-term, total return strategy, rising 4.7 percent for the year. Importantly, 2003 marked the second straight year of underwriting profitability. Current results benefited from two events that reversed charges reported in prior years. First, we recovered $23 million of a $39 million charge in 2000 to write off previously capitalized software development costs. Secondly, in response to a 2003 ruling by the Ohio Supreme Court, we released $38 million in uninsured/underinsured motorist (UM/UIM) reserves established in 2000. The court's decision to limit its 1999 Scott-Pontzer v. Liberty Mutual ruling was good news for policyholders and for our industry, and it also was good news for shareholders. In addition to the reserves released in 2003, we are reviewing pending claims that could result in the release of up to $37 million in additional case reserves over the coming quarters. Even without these benefits, however, your company performed well. Full-year 2003 net income before net realized investment gains and before the software recovery was up 28.7 percent to $386 million, or $2.39 per share, including a 15-cent-per-share benefit from the UM/UIM reserve release. The property casualty underwriting profit before the software recovery rose to $117 million, with a GAAP combined ratio of 95.5 percent, including a 1.4 percentage-point benefit from the UM/UIM reserve release. Though 2003 trends for your company were positive, across our industry some uncertainty remains. The unprecedented September 11 tragedy in 2001 and the more recent collapses of major corporations have injected new, complex variables into the equations that allow for forward-looking analysis: Will insurers maintain price adequacy long enough to make up for past shortfalls, including asbestos losses? Could natural or man-made catastrophes inflict large losses due to geographically concentrated risks or simultaneous triggering of coverage under property, workers' compensation and life policies? Could the next corporate collapse reduce investment earnings and assets while also causing underwriting losses? Will capacity constraints limit insurer growth? These issues potentially affect our industry's ability to sustain the current positive trends for earnings and returns. We believe Cincinnati's principled, practiced approach, anchored by a commitment to build the market and financial stability our agents need, makes our course more predictable than

To that end, this report includes your company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, a report required by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission of all publicly traded companies. We work hard to describe your company's operations and its results, giving clear and thorough explanations with supporting data. Throughout these pages, you will find references to related text and tables in the Form 10-K, where you can learn more.

2

 Back to table of contents

most. In this environment, your company's traditional strengths give us confidence in our ability to outperform. For Cincinnati, careful underwriting is more than an exercise. We make principled decisions the same way we always have, person to person and case by case, and we do walk away from underpriced business. Early in 2004, we see more competition for high-quality accounts, particularly from regional carriers. Our intention is to counter that competition by continuing to offer value and service, not necessarily the lowest available price. Our agents tell us that in most Main Street markets and for most John J. Schiff, Jr., CPCU, chairman, president and chief lines ­ certainly for casualty insurance executive officer coverages ­ they can continue to sell carefully underwritten policies with appropriate price increases and eligibility guidelines, updated policy terms and conditions, and higher deductibles. Along with pricing discipline, competitive advantages that serve as catalysts for our steady growth continue to include our reputation for superior claims service, a stronger field marketing presence due to smaller, subdivided territories; attractiveness of our package programs and cross-serving programs; and financial strength ratings affirming our claimspaying ability. Our case-by-case, firm underwriting stance contributed to more than 4.2 percentage points of statutory combined ratio improvement in 2003. At the same time, statutory written premiums rose 11.7 percent to $2.789 billion on a comparable basis. Agents placed a record $328 million of new business with us, and we believe the attraction to Cincinnati quality will endure as price competition returns. Cincinnati's agency franchise and unique field structure make it easier to recognize and manage concentrations and correlations of risk. Each Cincinnati agency enjoys a franchise, marketing primarily to accounts located within an operating radius where the agent can reasonably expect to know the people, businesses and community. And while many insurers channel decision-making through many business line or risk class specialists, our field marketing representatives are responsible for underwriting and pricing new commercial business in their territories, with a few exceptions where surety bond specialists and machinery and equipment representatives complement their efforts. Similarly, field claims representatives are responsible for almost all claims reported through their assigned agencies. These field associates, as well as headquarters underwriters, are gatekeepers for all of the businesses we insure and the coverages we write in their territories Their firsthand knowledge is our most valuable source of intelligence on potential risks. Most recently, we studied commercial property and workers' compensation aggregations with their assistance, taking actions in 2003 to secure appropriate reinsurance or elect nonrenewal of selected accounts.

10-K

Beginning on 10-K Page 52,

the Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying Notes provide a complete look at our financial results. Condensed Balance Sheets and Income Statements are on Page 7 for easy reference.

3

 Back to table of contents

PROPERTY CASUALTY NET EARNED PREMIUMS
(Dollars in millions) Personal lines Commercial lines 2,073 1,828 1,658 570 596 620 2,393 670 2,653 745

Our investment officers work closely with the investment committee of the board of directors, which carefully guides the investment risk management process. They examine factors such as the balance between our fixed-income and equity positions and our exposure to differing sectors and industries. Portfolio managers and analysts each are responsible for monitoring an assigned group of holdings. Investment department associates daily interact ­ formally and informally ­ with our insurance operations staff. This raises awareness of all of the company's relationships with the businesses in which we invest. Conservative practices have long governed Cincinnati's loss reserving, reinsurance and capital management polices. Because we target financial strength and stability rather than short-term gains, we establish loss reserves above the midpoint in the estimated range of potential losses. This practice has led to redundant reserves in each of the past 10 years, distinct from the industry at large. Asbestos reserves currently have a survival ratio of 16.8 years versus an estimated industry average of 11.8 years in 2002. Most asbestos claims relate to earlier years when your company did not write large commercial risks or retain high limits.

99

1,088

00

1,232

01

1,453

02

1,723

03

Both commercial lines and personal lines have contributed to the 11.4 percent compound annual growth in earned premiums over the past five years.

1,908

CONSOLIDATED ASSETS
(Dollars in millions) 15,509 14,122

11,795

Our three highly rated property casualty reinsurers have worked with us for more than 10 years. Treaty terms and rates held steady this year, with reinsurance costs up slightly, primarily due to our higher volume of business. Relative to our insurance peers, our property casualty reinsurance recoverables are significantly lower as a percentage of surplus. This is partly due to our strong surplus position and also reflects our penchant for attractive, lower-risk Main Street commercial business. Approximately 90 percent of our commercial property casualty policies have premiums below $10,000.

10-K

We pay claims and set aside

estimated amounts to fulfill future obligations. Our reserving philosophies and practices are described in Property Casualty Loss and Loss Expense Reserves on 10-K Pages 18 and 25.

13,274

13,964

Cash flow from insurance and investment operations provides funds to pay claims and cover operating expenses. Because we have never sold an investment just to cover those payments, investments have appreciated and income from them has compounded, building exceptionally strong surplus. On the capital management side, your company holds almost $5 billion of assets at the parent company level, assuring liquidity and financial flexibility and supporting our ability to pay cash dividends. The financial strength of the parent company stands as a cushion against fluctuating market values inherent to our equity investing strategy. It supports the high credit and financial strength ratings that increase our agents' sales advantages, and it is the source of our capacity to expand our business.
99 00 01 02 03 Total assets rose 9.8 percent to an all-time high at year-end 2003. Over the past five years, assets grew at a 6.2 percent compound rate.

Your company is financially strong. Total assets rose 9.8 percent to a record $15.509 billion at year-end 2003, up $1.387 billion from year-end 2002. Shareholders' equity reached $6.204 billion, up 10.8 percent or $606 million from year-end 2002. Accumulated other comprehensive income totaled $4.084 billion, up $441 million from year-end 2002. Book value rose 11.7 percent to $38.69 from $34.65.

4

 Back to table of contents

At year-end 2003, statutory policyholder surplus for the property casualty insurance group was $2.780 billion, up 18.8 percent from year-end 2002. As a result, the ratio of net written premiums to surplus was 1.0-to-1, further improved from an already excellent 1.1-to-1 ratio a year ago, and well ahead of the estimated industry average of 1.3-to-1 at year-end 2003. For Cincinnati Life, our 39.2 percent ratio of adjusted surplus to liabilities compared favorably with the estimated industry average of 10.2 percent. Recognizing this strength, the board of directors declared a 10 percent increase in the quarterly cash dividend at its meeting on January 31, 2004. With $1.10 as the indicated annual dividend, 2004 is lining up to be your company's 44th consecutive year of higher cash dividends. Further, the board declared a 5 percent stock dividend, payable to shareholders of record April 30, 2004. This was the 28th stock dividend or split declared over the past 47 years. Your company's steady progress has paved the way for very satisfactory performance in 2004 and into the future. As we begin 2004, we are targeting full-year written premium growth in the high single digits. We believe our strategies should allow us to achieve a full-year 2004 combined ratio of approximately 95 percent on a GAAP basis, equivalent to 94.5 percent on a statutory basis. Because the timing is uncertain, this target does not include any anticipated benefits from additional UM/UIM reserve releases, and it assumes the combined ratio will include approximately 3.0 to 3.5 percentage points for catastrophe losses. We also have confidence in our ability to achieve investment income growth of 3.5 percent to 4.5 percent. Continuity prevails through transitions. As your company has grown, there has been steady expansion in the pool of high-caliber associates and managers who conduct your company's business on a daily basis. Our managers generally are homegrown and well versed in the philosophies that make Cincinnati unique. The board of directors formally recognized two members of our leadership team in January, appointing James E. Benoski as Cincinnati Financial Corporation's vice chairman and chief insurance officer, posts he had held in the company's insurance subsidiaries since 1999. Further, the board promoted Kenneth S. Miller, CLU, ChFC, to chief investment officer and senior vice president of the corporation. As we were putting the finishing touches on this report, Ken was hospitalized in critical condition following an automobile accident. Until more is learned about his recovery, the talented investment officers trained and mentored by Ken and by our previous chief investment officer are conducting investment department business under the direction of our chief financial officer. Our thoughts and prayers are with Ken and his family. I thank your board of directors for its leadership and contributions to the progress of the company. Two directors will not stand for re-election this spring due to the board's age guidelines. Alan R. Weiler, CPCU, and John E. Field, CPCU, guided your company with great integrity, keeping us focused on supporting the local advantage we enjoy in agents' communities. Alan, chairman of Archer-Meek-Weiler Agency, Inc., an independent insurance agency in Columbus, Ohio, has served as a director since 1992. John, who joined our board in 1995, recently retired as an agent for Wallace & Turner, Inc., and continues as chairman of the Springfield, Ohio, independent insurance agency.

PROPERTY CASUALTY STATUTORY SURPLUS RATIO
Net written premiums to surplus Estimated industry (A.M. Best) net written premiums to surplus 1.3 1.3 1.1 1.1 1.0 1.0

01

02

03

Year-end 2003 statutory surplus for the property casualty insurance group was $2.780 billion, up 18.8 percent from year-end 2002. The lower the ratio, the stronger an insurer's security for policyholders and its capacity to support business growth.

LIFE STATUTORY CAPITAL AND SURPLUS RATIO
Adjusted capital and surplus to liabilities Estimated industry (A.M. Best) adjusted capital and surplus to liabilities 52.3%

39.7%

39.2%

10.9%

9.9% 02

10.2% 03

01

Statutory adjusted capital and surplus for the life insurance subsidiary was $443 million in 2003. The higher the ratio, the stronger an insurer's security for policyholders and its capacity to support business growth.

5

 Back to table of contents

CONSOLIDATED INVESTMENT INCOME
Less expenses
(Dollars in millions) 445 465

Wallace & Turner was founded by two of your company's founding agents, Harry M. Turner and Chester T. Field. We sincerely thank Alan and John for their reliable guidance. In recent years, the board has introduced new directors to serve alongside directors who are company executives and independent agents affiliated with the company. In fact, six of seven new directors and nominees since 1998 have been unaffiliated with your company or its agencies. The slate of nominees for the board this year includes two new candidates who meet the test of independence: Dirk J. Debbink, president of MSI General Corporation, and Douglas S. Skidmore, president and chief executive officer of Skidmore Sales & Distributing Company, Inc. The transition to majority independence has evolved gradually, supporting board continuity while achieving timely compliance with new Securities and Exchange Commission and Nasdaq independence regulations that apply to all public companies. We believe Cincinnati Financial shareholders are well served by a stable board with strong agent representation, complemented by members who mirror the values and spirit of independent agents. Accordingly, our eight independent directors and nominees hail from organizations with strong entrepreneurial cultures; world-class quality and service standards; fiscal sensibilities that favor long-term growth and profitability; and operational structures that leverage a local presence.
10-K

387

410

421

The Management's

Discussion and Analysis gives our perspective on results, trends and expectations. The Safe Harbor Statement on 10-K Page 17 points to risks and uncertainties that could make actual results differ.

99

00*

01

02

03

Consolidated pretax investment income grew 4.7 percent in 2003. Growth was largely due to dividend increases by companies in the common stock portfolio. * The Definitions of Non-GAAP Information and Reconciliation to Comparable GAAP Measures on Page 22 defines and reconciles measures presented in this report that are not based on GAAP or Statutory Accounting Principles.

Together, your company's managers and directors will ensure that our decisions are principled and our strategies are executed with well-practiced skill. Stakeholders will benefit as your company predictably remains a force for market and financial stability.

/S/ John J. Schiff, Jr.
John J. Schiff, Jr., CPCU Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 9, 2004

6

 Back to table of contents

