TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
The year 2000 came in gently. Y2K preparations succeeded and highly anticipated computer glitches had little or no effect on operations of your Company, our agents and policyholders. By the end of six months, net underwriting profits of our property casualty companies stood at $7.6 million. Increased cash flow from these profits and from double-digit premium growth contributed to excellent growth of investment income. Yet, before the year was over, sweeping changes would occur in the larger economic, legal and technological environments in which
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer John J. Schiff, Jr., CPCU

environment and have emerged a stronger company in many respects. The approach was to forge ahead, doing what it takes to put the problems behind us. As we begin 2001, we are nimbler, more keenly interested in maximizing advantages inherent in our unique field structure and underwriting expertise, and more committed to the conservative path in accounting and reserves.

CHALLENGE: COURT DECISIONS
In a 1999 ruling that affected all insurers writing commercial auto business in Ohio, that state's Supreme Court granted coverage under an employer's business auto policy to employees or their family members injured by an uninsured or underinsured motorist while on personal business and even while driving a personal car. While we took prompt action to amend policy language so employers would not be financially responsible under their policies for such future losses, plaintiffs' attorneys continue to file claims for past losses. Since late 1999, we have incurred $40 million in losses related to this decision. Then, in the last
1.11

we operate. Events and

conditions outside of our direct control would test our mettle, calling for prompt, bold responses and aggressive management of factors within our control. We had a rough year. These challenges resulted in full-year 2000 net operating income, on a comparable basis excluding a one-time charge, of $145.5 million, or 90 cents per share, versus $255.1 million, or $1.52 per share, last year. Net income, excluding the charge, was $143.8 million, or 73 cents per share, versus $254.7 million, or $1.52 per share, in 1999. Results were brighter on the balance sheet side, where assets and shareholders' equity reached all-time highs of $13.287 billion and $5.995 billion, respectively. Book value rose 11.4% to $37.26 compared with $33.46 at year-end 1999. While earnings were less than satisfactory, we believe we responded effectively to the changed
2

Net Operating Income*
Per Common Share
(in dollars) 1.49 1.52 1.16 98 99 00 .90 96 97
*Adjusted to reflect 5% stock dividends paid in April 1996 and a 3-for-1 stock split paid in May 1998. Excludes 16 cents per share one-time charge

week of 2000, the same court ruled that forms policyholders signed to reject uninsured and underinsured motorist coverage on their auto and umbrella liability policies were insufficient. This meant that uninsured motorist claims previously denied or not reported now

Net operating earnings for 2000 include $60.2 million from parent company investment operations; $32.3 million from life operations; $24.8 million from property casualty operations; and $2.7 million from non-insurance subsidiaries.

 Back to table of contents

must be evaluated, even though the policyholder had not selected or purchased the coverage. Again, we took prompt action to rewrite our forms to meet extensive new requirements prescribed in the court's decision. Going forward, these revised forms should relieve us of the obligation to cover new losses in cases where the policyholder specifically rejected the coverage. However, as Ohio's largest commercial auto insurer with an 8.4 % market share, we expect substantial claims due to past losses. These claims will include losses not yet reported, as well as approximately $32 million previously reported, but not paid, because the policyholder had rejected in writing the option to purchase coverage.

Commitment to
O
U R

S

H A R E H O L D E R S

Steadily increasing dividends In August 1950, investors had a chance to be part of a new venture, an Ohio fire insurance company sponsored by and for local independent agents. The prospectus for The Cincinnati Insurance Company declared our commitment: "The Company shall operate in an extremely conservative manner...every intelligent and sound method of transacting business shall be employed...expenses shall be kept at a minimum...agents will be offered the opportunity to purchase stock...this will enable the Company to have a better selection of business." Seven of the eight original directors were agents, including founders John J. Schiff, Harry M. Turner, Chester T. Field and Robert C. Schiff. Directors and officers other than the general manager served without pay for

RESPONSE: POLICYHOLDER SERVICE AND SAFET Y
Our first course of action was to protect policyholders from court-mandated responsibility for losses they never intended to fund. With remarkable speed, we placed revised forms in the hands of our agents, providing guidance and support for delivery to policyholders. While a few insurers have responded by abandoning the Ohio commercial auto market, our commitment is to maintain a market for our agents and their quality accounts even during difficult times. With revised forms, frontline underwriting and increased monitoring of account quality over the policy term and at renewal, we can be more flexible. Second, in the fourth quarter we added $110 million pre-tax (44 cents per share after tax) to reserves. This is our best estimate of past losses to be reported or paid in or after 2001 as a result of the two state Supreme Court decisions. Managing this liability through an addition to reserves reduced current income instead of letting the losses flow into future quarters. While our approach involves

three years, putting the Company on a firm financial footing. By 1959, policyholder surplus exceeded $1 million and, for each of the next 40 consecutive years, the Company paid out increasing cash dividends.

short-term pain, it fulfills our obligations to policyholders, protects our reserve integrity, and reduces uncertainty by allowing for a true picture of profitability in future periods.

CHALLENGE: TECHNOLOGY DEL AY
Faced with delays of key deliverables of a large, next-generation software initiative to streamline policy rating and issuance, management reviewed the project and requested an independent assessment. We determined that the majority of the investment over the past several years would not be of value as the project continued. In the meantime, commercial software vendors now were introducing alternatives, including package solutions compatible with our corporate technical architecture and further along in their development.
3

 Back to table of contents

R E S P O N S E : A LT E R N AT I V E SOLUTIONS
First, we recognized the impairment of the software development asset by taking a one-time, third-quarter net charge of $25.4 million, or 16 cents per share. Starting over with a clean slate, we appointed a new project management team to carry out this strategic priority. Second, we renewed our commitment to developing software to help our agents serve policyholders with new efficiency and speed. The project team evaluated development options and, in December, began plans to customize the selected vendor
Portfolio managers monitor performance and maintain relationships with management of the top 10 equity holdings. Left to right: Steven A. Soloria, CFA, Secretary ­ Investments; George A. Schaefer, Jr., President & CEO of Fifth Third Bancorp; Michael R. Abrams, Secretary-Investments.

normal ranges. Improved performance during the fourth quarter was not sufficient to return to our historic level of profitability, as measured by our average combined loss and expense ratio of 101.3% over the previous five years. While we're dissatisfied to fall short of that mark, we note that our 2000 ratio was in line with A. M. Best's estimate of 110.3% for the industry. Even including 6.0 points for the uninsured motorist reserve addition, our 2000 ratio came in at 110.7%, excluding the one-time charge. We analyzed second-half losses, discovering no geographic or policy age concentration, aside from Ohio uninsured motorist claims. Losses occurred across a broad range of business lines, with a concentration in commercial auto and homeowners.

RESPONSE: UNLOCK INHERENT A DVA N TAG E S
First, improved commercial pricing provided part of the answer. Our pricing of good renewal and new business accounts is up 10-15%, with commercial auto increases at the high end of that range. Median umbrella liability prices are up 18%, and we can compete for good business while decreasing credits and moving accounts to non-dividend paying plans. We have instituted more conservative underwriting for workers' compensation, commercial auto and other classes of risk.
96 97 98 99 00 327.3 348.6

software for our personal lines business in three

pilot states. By year-end 2001, the customized software will be tested in the first state. The system features direct-bill and agency bill capabilities that will complement its online rating and issue functions.

Investment Income
Less Expenses
(in millions of dollars) 386.8 415.3

workers' compensation

CHALLENGE: LOSS SEVERITY
Over the year, insurers reported firmer pricing of commercial lines. This is good news, but not good enough to offset many years of inadequate pricing accompanied by rising loss costs. Higher building costs, vehicle repair costs, medical costs and courtdirected verdicts now prevail. During the third quarter, the Company's property casualty losses moved above or to the high end of our
4

Pre-tax investment income for 2000 rose 7.4% to an all-time high. Investment income is the primary source of the Company's profits. Dividends from equity holdings contributed $186.2 million and interest from fixed-rate holdings contributed $222.0 million, pre-tax.

 Back to table of contents

368.0

Second, we have intensified efforts to carefully underwrite each account and to tap the wealth of local knowledge created by our uniquely strong local field presence. Our no-branch-office structure gives agencies a local team of marketing, claims, engineering and loss control representatives who work out of their homes, spending most of their time actually in agencies and on their clients' premises. They are ideally positioned to take the lead in managing factors we can control. The field representative profitability initiatives, from increased on-site inspections to team-centered renewal discussions, are outlined on Page 11.

Commitment to
O
U R

A

G E N T S

Choosing carefully, committing fully When 60 agents attended the first Florida Sales Conference in 1960, they had produced more than $200,000 of premium in the first full year of operation in the state. Sales meetings on the agents' home turf already were a Cincinnati tradition, an opportunity for top officers to cultivate personal relationships and loyalties with the cream-of-the-crop agents selected to represent the Company. While other insurers appointed large numbers of agents, Cincinnati hand-picked a few good agencies and did what was necessary to earn a larger portion of their business, thereby reducing Company and agency expense. The 1962 Annual Report explained: "Your Company now has 373 agencies. We do not consider numbers alone to be of great importance...but rather the quality and desirable volume potential."

CONTINUING OUR TRADITION OF COMMITMENT
The year behind us is a testament to the commitment your Company has placed on value. It is a legacy built by people such as Director Emeritus David R. Huhn, who passed away in February 2000. The former president of The McAlpin Company and chief executive of Mercantile Stores, Inc., had served on the Cincinnati Financial Board from 1990 through 1996. It is a legacy built by people like Jackson H. Randolph, retired chairman of CINergy Corporation, who retired from our Board on November 17, 2000, after serving since 1986. It is a legacy that will be guarded and preserved by people like Senior Vice Presidents Kenneth W. Stecher and James E. Benoski. Ken was appointed chief financial officer of Cincinnati Financial on February 3, 2001. His professionalism and management skills in leading our accounting and financial reporting areas make him an integral part of the executive team. Jim, who is vice chairman and chief insurance officer of The Cincinnati Insurance Companies, joined our Board on November 17,

2000. As our Claims Department manager and a key executive, Jim's perspective will help our Board keep the highest standards of customer service ­ to our agents, policyholders and claimants ­ in the foreground of every decision. Your Company's outlook is good as price competition abates and agents have more opportunity to sell policies based on service and value. The commitments we make, and have made for 50 years, differentiate your Company, positioning it to continue building the strength that creates shareholder value, even in an atypical year like 2000.

/s/ John J. Schiff, Jr.

John J. Schiff, Jr., CPCU Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer February 6, 2001

 Back to table of contents

5

