To Our Stockholders
Financial Highlights
Your company’s 2015 operating income*
of $589 million rose 34 percent over last
year’s result. Shareholders’ equity remained
strong at $6.427 billion.
Property casualty insurance underwriting
drove our financial performance.
Underwriting profit increased 108 percent
for the year, reflecting successful execution
of our strategies. Profitable insurance
operations provided cash to fuel
investment income, which grew 4 percent
in 2015.
To return capital to shareholders, we favor
cash dividends and have increased them in
each of the past 55 years. Your company
returned a total of $419 million in 2015,
paying out $1.82 per share in regular
dividends plus a special cash dividend of
46 cents per share in the fourth quarter. In
2015, we also repurchased one million
shares totaling $53 million. Already in
January 2016, the board of directors has
increased the dividend, setting the stage
for a 56th
consecutive year of dividend
increases, a streak we believe is matched by
only eight other U.S. public companies.
The cumulative impact of improvements
made over the course of recent years feeds
the confidence of our board and
management team, confirming that our
current strategies are the right ones to
take us forward. Our full-year property
casualty combined ratio surpassed
the results of the last seven years at
91.1 percent, or 90.6 percent on a statutory
basis. In a challenging market
environment, property casualty net written
premium growth reached 5 percent for the
year; that pace included 1 percent from
Cincinnati Re SM, the reinsurance assumed
operation we began expanding in 2015.
We balance profitability and growth,
continuing to outperform the industry.
A.M. Best Co., a leading insurance
industry ratings agency, estimates 2015
industry results at a 98.0 percent combined
ratio on a statutory basis with 2.7 percent
net written premium growth.
Our primary performance target is an
annual value creation ratio averaging
10 percent to 13 percent for the five-year
period of 2013 through 2017. For the five
years ending with 2015, VCR averaged
10.1 percent. We believe the value creation
ratio is an appropriate metric because it
captures the results of our insurance and
investment operations, considering our
ability to increase the book value of your
company and your shareholder dividends.
In 2015, the ratio was 3.4 percent as strong
insurance operating results were offset by
lower realized and unrealized gains in both
our bond and stock portfolios.
Achieving Our Goals
We manage our business with the intent to
achieve good results through all stages of
economic and insurance cycles. Those who follow our industry expect challenges in
2016. Increasing market competition and
the easy availability of capital may
continue to pressure policy pricing.
If catastrophe losses rise to a more
normal level, the industry overall
may experience deterioration in
profitability. Headwinds from
macroeconomic issues may continue to
pressure investment markets. We are
not at all discouraged. Rather, we are
ready to take action in three key areas
that differentiate your company,
making it possible to increase your
shareholders’ equity and shareholder
dividends over time.
Taking Action to Build Strong
Agency Relationships
Independent property casualty insurance
agencies market our policies in 39 states.
We finished 2015 with 1,526 agency
relationships, including 114 new
appointments over the course of the year.
Our plan for 2016 includes appointing at
least 100 more agencies to market all, or
most, of our property casualty insurance
products, plus others that specialize in serving high net worth personal lines
clients. Independent agencies come in a
variety of shapes and sizes. Each has its
own unique management structure, client
base and preferences for interacting with
carriers. Yet all of the agencies we appoint
share one thing in common – they are the
most professional in their communities.
Cincinnati generally advances to be the
No. 1 or No. 2 carrier of choice, based on
premium volume, in agencies that have
represented us for at least five years.
However, we do not take that for granted.
We act to create new opportunities for our
agencies and to heighten your company’s
advantages. To attract more business, we
introduced new and enhanced products
and services, delivered by an outstanding
team of field associates who make
decisions locally and in person. Our commercial lines business grew net
written premiums by 4 percent in 2015
while improving its combined ratio by
6.5 points to a very satisfactory
88.6 percent. We find ourselves at the
intersection of art and science in our
underwriting process. By combining our
sophisticated data models with the
seasoned judgment of field marketing
representatives, we segment accounts and
present the right price for the risk
assumed on each account. Higher levels of
insured exposures, thanks to the nation’s
still recovering economy, and average
renewal price increases in the low-single-
digit range also boosted net written
premium growth.
As we continue to profitably grow our
commercial insurance business, we’ve
created a number of Target Markets niche
programs in recent years that provide an
advanced level of expertise and support to
agents. Read more about how these
programs support our agents and their
clients on Page 8.
Agents are looking for ways to more
efficiently handle customer service for
small commercial accounts. We piloted a
service center in 2014, inviting
participating agencies to let us provide
service for their commercial accounts with
no more than five locations, five autos or
$5 million in sales. As of year-end 2015,
more than 100 agencies had chosen to use
the Cincinnati Customer Care Center for
some of their small business accounts, and
more are on the way. Policyholders and
agents alike appreciate the option to
call a local phone number and speak
directly with their own Cincinnati
account representatives, who are ready to
answer questions and to underwrite and
issue policies. Already in 2016, we’ve begun the launch
of two new standard market commercial
products. The first is a suite of products to
help businesses mitigate the risk of
cyberattacks, network and data breaches,
and key employee identity theft. The
second is our updated management
liability program. The Pillar Policy
combines valuable management liability
coverages in one policy, including directors
and officers, employment practices and
fiduciary liability coverages, as well as
cyber and crime coverage.
The Cincinnati Specialty Underwriters
Insurance Company, our excess and
surplus lines subsidiary, had an outstanding
2015 with net written premium growth
of 14 percent and a combined ratio of
70.0 percent. We’ve continued expanding
our appetite and coverages for this business
to deepen our relationships with our
current agents. Through CSU Producer
Resources Inc, our wholly owned E&S
brokerage, agents can place accounts with
risk characteristics that are not a good fit
for the standard market. Often, we can
win or retain an account by writing just a
portion in the surplus lines market. In
fact, more than 40 percent of our excess
and surplus lines accounts have part of
their insurance programs written by The
Cincinnati Insurance Company.
Our personal lines business reported a
2015 combined ratio of 101.3 percent and
net written premiums up 6 percent. The
combined ratio increased 2.1 points
compared with 2014 results due to two
factors: strategic investments in expertise
and technology to support expansion into
high net worth markets; and increased loss
and loss expenses for our personal auto
line of business. Approved personal auto
rate increases in 14 states, effective in the
second half of 2015, will benefit future
profitability trends.
Agents in New York responded
enthusiastically to the September 2015
launch of our Executive Capstone™ suite of
products for their high net worth clients
and prospects. We believe these clients
appreciate the value of advice from a
professional independent agent, our broad
coverage and top-notch claims service.
Our agents seem to agree. The growth rate
of this type of new business approximately
doubled the rate of the rest of our personal
insurance operation. In 2016, we look to
bring these products to agents and their
clients in New Jersey, California and
Colorado. We are enhancing the ability of
our agents in other states to attract and
retain high net worth clients by releasing
four Executive Capstone endorsements
that enhance our current homeowner
product, the Executive Classic™. Ultimately,
agents in all states where we market
homeowner insurance will have access to
the Executive Capstone homeowner policy,
pending our state-by-state build-out of
infrastructure to support it.
Earned premiums for The Cincinnati Life
Insurance Company increased 6 percent in
2015, including a 4 percent increase for
term life premiums. Efforts are under way
to make it more convenient for our
property casualty agents to sell our term
life insurance products. Through this new
program, property casualty agents will be
able to offer clients up to $500,000 of
term insurance with just the information
from their home or auto policy, predictive
analytics and a few simple questions.
Adding a life insurance policy to a
personal insurance account can increase
the persistency of the account while
diversifing premium revenues for our
agents and your company. Taking Action to Provide Superior
Claims Service
Again in 2015, policyholders had ample
opportunities to benefit from their
Cincinnati relationships. Severe weather,
mainly in the Midwest and South,
contributed to $161 million of catastrophe
losses. These weather-related catastrophe
losses were somewhat lighter than in 2014.
The value of an insurance policy comes to
life when a policyholder has a loss, no
matter if a tornado affects an entire
community or a fire affects just one
policyholder. Our experienced multiline
field claims representatives respond in
person, compassionately delivering on the
promises our agents sell. Read more about
how Actions Speak Louder in Person®
describes our corporate culture, and
specifically our approach to claims, on
Page 7. Your company is committed to paying all
that is due on each claim. To ensure we
have the financial strength to honor that
commitment, we follow consistent
reserving practices that made 2015 our
27th consecutive year of favorable reserve
development. We continue to maintain
consolidated reserves consistently within
the upper half of the actuarially estimated
range of likely amounts we will ultimately
pay out to policyholders and claimants.
Taking Action to Deliver Successful
Total Return Investing
Securities markets took a toll on the
valuation of our investments, lowering the
fair value of our stock portfolio 3 percent
during 2015. The fair value of our bond
portfolio rose 2 percent for the year,
despite a significant drop in unrealized
gains due to rising interest rates. While
markets have also been turbulent in early
2016, we are confident in our approach.
We recognize that we will sometimes have to weather short-term volatility due to the
meaningful allocation to common stocks
in our overall portfolio. It does not
sway us from our proven, long-term
investment strategy.
We continue to invest available cash flow
in both fixed income and equity securities
in a manner that we believe balances
current income needs with longer-term
asset growth goals and stays within our approved investment parameters. While
our bond portfolio more than covers our
insurance reserve liabilities, we believe our
diversified common stock portfolio of
mainly blue chip, dividend-paying
companies represents one of our best
investment opportunities for the long
term. At year-end 2015, pretax net
unrealized gains held in our equity
portfolio totaled $1.768 billion.
Ready for the Future
An agent-centered philosophic framework
distinguishes your company and defines
the strategies that are accelerating our
competitive advantages. One strategy
consistently sets us apart – that of
maintaining a large field staff in each
agency’s community, authorized to make
decisions locally and fully supported by
technology and headquarters staff. We are
acting now to help current associates
develop specific expertise, and we have
recruited talented associates from around
the country for selected initiatives,
particularly our reinsurance assumed
operation and our high net worth
program. Planning for the future includes
developing the next generation of company
leaders. In November, we announced a
plan to groom the next leaders for
commercial lines, sales, accounting and
life insurance.
The leadership transition in our life
insurance company took place at the
beginning of 2016. David H. Popplewell,
FALU, LLIF, retired after a 48-year career
in life insurance, including 18 years of
distinguished service to our company.
Roger A. Brown, FSA, MAAA, CLU,
formerly our chief life actuary, assumed
leadership of the subsidiary. Dave and
Roger teamed up to position Cincinnati
Life with a strong leadership team and a
seamless transition for our agents and
associates.
Ratings agencies are recognizing the
progress made across our organization.
Standard & Poor’s upgraded your
company to A+ in June. Fitch Ratings and
A.M. Best both affirmed their strong
ratings of our property casualty insurance
group. A.M. Best also recognized the
strong results of Cincinnati Specialty
Underwriters, upgrading it from A to A+
in December.
We will continue to confidently demonstrate
how actions speak louder in person,
answering the call when our policyholders
and claimants experience insurance losses,
supporting the stellar reputations of our
independent agency partners and creating
long-term value for shareholders.
Respectfully,

Kenneth W. Stecher
_____________________
Kenneth W. Stecher
Chairman of the Board
/S/
Steven J. Johnston
___________________
Steven J. Johnston,
FCAS, MAAA, CFA, CERA
President and Chief Executive Officer