CHAIRMAN'S LETTER

2

CIT ANNUAL REPORT 2000

1988

9,337.2

2000

TOTAL ASSETS in millions of dollars

ALBERT R. GAMPER, JR. Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

1988

9,177.2

2000

MANAGED ASSETS in millions of dollars

FINANCING A TOTAL ECONOMY

After another year of record earnings growth, CIT enters the new millennium as a bigger, broader, more diversified and dynamic company. Our history and our future vision position us well to serve the total economy, from traditional companies that build airplanes and bridges to the emerging industries that are paving the electronic highway. construction and transportation that helped build CIT -- and America -- throughout the 20th century. In this way, CIT carries on an impressive history. Indeed, we were a leading business-to-business provider for key
120.3 611.6
1988 2000

We continue to nurture those high-growth core businesses such as

NET INCOME in millions of dollars

54,900.9

48,689.8

6,007.2

industries long before B2B became a buzzword. Now, using our market leadership positions, strategic partnerships, and the tools of e-commerce, CIT is also making strides into the high-tech markets of the 21st century by forging new alliances in the computer, electronics, and telecommunications industries. We offer them quality practices that have been carefully honed over CIT's 93-year history: conservative credit standards, excellent asset and risk management skills, solid technology and strong expense disciplines.
ANOTHER RECORD YEAR
3

CIT ANNUAL REPORT 2000

1988

1,312.3

2000

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY in millions of dollars
43,784.6

Quite frankly, our expectations for 2000 were greater than our achievements. The considerable work of integrating a major acquisition, rising interest rates, and our intentional de-emphasizing of certain nonstrategic businesses all worked against our original intentions. Nevertheless, I'm proud to announce that CIT yet again produced record net income for the fourth quarter and the year. That makes 2000 the 13th consecutive year that we have increased earnings. Not too many companies can say that. For the 12 months ending December 31, 2000, net income totaled a record $612 million, an increase of 57.1% from the prior year. Earnings per diluted share, before the amortization of goodwill, increased 12.4%

1988

9,177.2

2000

FINANCING & LEASING PORTFOLIO ASSETS in millions of dollars
5,248.4

from 1999, to $2.62. Moreover, business volume and margins rose, while expense and leverage ratios improved since last year. Credit quality remained stable. CIT now claims a total of $55 billion in assets under management, compared with $51 billion last year.
Strategic planning

It's almost hard to believe that in 1987, when I joined CIT, the company had only $40 million in net income and $9 billion in assets. At that time, we developed a growth strategy to create a bigger, broader company with
1,042.3

more products and services, a wider geographical presence, and dominance in significant markets.
2000

1988

We've been building toward that goal ever since, winning ground in important industries, acquiring competitors when it made sense to do so,

FINANCE INCOME in millions of dollars

and expanding carefully and deliberately into new arenas such as equity
4

These days, airlines need to adapt to rapidly changing markets. When British Airways needed to keep some wide-body aircrafts on standby for added capacity, most companies wouldn 't provide the unusually short-term lease they wanted. But CIT came through with three-year leases on two B757s. "CIT offered the terms that matched our timing and lease duration," says British Airways Aircraft Trading Manager Colin Davis. "It was the right company with the right deal at the right time."

financing. Now, as the largest publicly traded commercial finance company in the world, we continue to increase CIT's market leadership, breadth of products and clients, and economies of scale, in an effort to assure our prosperity for years to come.
BUILDING ON A SOLID BALANCE SHEET

CIT ANNUAL REPORT 2000

Our blueprint for continued financial success is fourfold: reducing leverage, increasing productivity, cultivating high-margin businesses while exiting less lucrative areas, and maintaining high credit ratings.
Reducing leverage

For starters, I'm pleased to report that we've made significant progress in reducing CIT's leverage, an effort that will intensify in the year ahead. We sold over $1 billion in non-strategic assets during 2000. We also instituted a stronger pricing discipline, which resulted in more disciplined asset and earnings growth.
Increasing productivity

We've also lowered our expenses as a percentage of managed assets. At the start of 2000, we targeted $150 million in savings. By the end of the third quarter, we exceeded our goal by eliminating corporate overhead and duplicate systems. We continue to scrutinize our operations for further cost-saving opportunities. We've set an aggressive goal of reducing our efficiency ratio to less than 40%, which we plan to reach through technological efficiencies and prudent management.
Boosting high-margin businesses

CIT is cultivating strategically important businesses that can give us better returns, growth and leadership in healthy markets. At the same time, we're winding down lower-return businesses so we can redeploy those resources more profitably.

CIT ANNUAL REPORT 2000

5

6

CIT ANNUAL REPORT 2000

This year, Dell Computer Corporation extended its agreement with CIT for five years. "The team of professionals at Dell Financial Services (DFS) has built a world class organization, and this new agreement is evidence of our commitment to DFS and to CIT" said James Schneider, Dell's Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. CIT is dedicated to providing funding to DFS, enhancing Dell's ability to better serve its customers around the world with purchase and loan options that can be approved over the Internet. This leaves Dell free to do what it does best -- providing customers the best in servers, storage systems, notebooks and services.

Maintaining " best-in-class " credit standards

CIT is known for its superior credit management. We continue to place great importance on this strength, especially in an economy that appears to be softening. CIT is well-positioned to execute the above goals for many reasons. These include our growing leadership in important segments of the economy, our success in forming long-term strategic partnerships, and a more diversified revenue and product base.
PROMINENCE IN MAJOR MARKETS

7

CIT ANNUAL REPORT 2000

Being a leader in important sectors ensures that new and current customers will look to us for their financing needs. We continue to build our leadership positions in fundamental industries such as textiles, construction, and transportation. At the same time, CIT is getting a headstart in new niches such as developing strong vendor relationships.
Factoring

We are the largest factoring company in the world, with over $25 billion in annual volume and $5 billion in accounts receivable. Our clients range from $2 million to $500 million in annual sales. Our factoring business is growing through acquisitions and a good internal growth rate.
Construction

We increased CIT's dominance in construction equipment through a new relationship with Europe's largest manufacturer, JCB Inc. The Londonbased company recently opened a major facility near Savannah, Georgia, to more effectively tap its biggest export market, North America. CIT is an integral part of this initiative through a jointly owned company that provides JCB's U.S. dealers with financing for new and used products.
Aerospace

CIT deepened its commitment to aerospace with plans to add 88 new airplanes from Airbus and Boeing over the next five years. Our portfolio

now has over 250 commercial aircraft, which are leased to over 90
8

Europe 's largest construction equipment manufacturer, J.C. Bamford Excavators Ltd., had been using CIT to help finance its backhoes and material handlers in the U.S. for years. But that relationship took a quantum leap when JCB, a U.K. based company, recently opened a major manufacturing facility near Savannah, Georgia to produce Americanmade machines for what was previously its biggest export market ­ North America. Through a jointly owned company, CIT will provide financing for JCB's North American sales. "By combining resources, we can look after our customers not just as a finance expert or an equipment expert, but as a complete team to bring the right product to the right market in the right configuration," says Sir Anthony Bamford, JCB's Chairman.

regional and international airlines, such as British Airways and Delta.
Rail

CIT ANNUAL REPORT 2000

CIT has the most modern and diversified rail fleet in the world, with $2 billion in assets consisting of over 45,000 rail cars and over 400 locomotives. Our leading position in rail transport is only strengthened by rising fuel and trucking costs.
Small Business

CIT has become the country's top small-business lender through our acquisition of Newcourt Credit Group, Inc. The U.S. Small Business Administration credited CIT with a fiscal 2000 loan value of $469 million lent to 1,012 businesses nationwide.
Vendor Finance

Last but hardly least, CIT is rapidly developing more vendor financing arrangements, that is, teaming up with manufacturers and dealers to provide flexible financing for their products. Our increased global capacities enable us to support partners who operate internationally and has attracted some exciting companies in high-growth technologies. We launched strategic alliances with Agilent Technologies Inc., a global maker of leading-edge measurement equipment, and Avaya Communication, a provider of communications and networking solutions to businesses worldwide. We also extended an existing relationship with top international computer maker, Dell Computer Corporation.
THE POWER OF PARTNERSHIPS

Going forward, these vendor relationships will be invaluable sources of stable, strong revenue because our interests are merged with theirs in a relationship that is, quite frankly, hard to replace. CIT's strategic alliances, such as Dell Financial Services, provide our partners with financing options and account management for their customers under their own brand name. Dell, in turn, provides us with an extensive sales force, which

CIT ANNUAL REPORT 2000

9

10

CIT ANNUAL REPORT 2000

Avaya sells communications systems and services to a broad array of clients -- large and small businesses, government agencies, and non-profits. Avaya's program with CIT, Avaya Financial Services (AFS), offers a flexible range of products that can be tailored to the specific needs of each. AFS can rely on CIT for special support, such as forming a syndication for large purchases involving several different product suppliers. "They're invaluable in helping us sell our products," says Avaya Vice President and Treasurer Rhonda Seegal. "They know our products inside out, so they can help offer a competitive package in different markets."

markets our products along with theirs and shares in our financing revenues. In the future, manufacturers will increasingly need to offer flexible financing as part of their sales package so customers can keep pace with changing technologies.
INNOVATIVE SOLUTIONS
11

CIT ANNUAL REPORT 2000

CIT employees bring such expertise to the industries they serve that they readily grasp opportunities that wouldn't occur to -- or be feasible for -- our competitors. For example, CIT staffers knowledgeable about energy industry economics were able to devise a unique financing arrangement for Electric City Corp., a Chicago company that makes machines to reduce electric consumption without sacrificing adequate lighting. The company will install its EnergySaver unit at customers' facilities at no charge. The customers can save up to 30% on electric costs and share some of that savings with Electric City through a financing vehicle arranged by CIT. Moreover, in exchange for the free machine, customers will let Electric City reduce consumption on peak demand days (without inconvenience to the client) and receive incentive payments from the utility.
AN E-COMMERCE EDGE

CIT continues to expand its use of technology and e-commerce to streamline our operations and enhance client contact and convenience. While our efforts are companywide, each Group has launched initiatives specific to their client base.
Specialty Finance (formerly Consumer Finance)

This Group provides a robust suite of Internet capabilities designed to serve various consumer and commercial markets. "BrokerEdgesm" empowers the mortgage lending industry with the ability to conduct business via the Internet. It enables mortgage brokers to submit loan applications, review application status, access product and pricing information as well as manage their online pipelines. Since January 2000, over $5 billion in home equity loan applications have been processed through BrokerEdge. Virtually all of CIT's home equity business is originated in this manner.

The newest release of this site, called BrokerEdgePLUS, will include addi12

Electric City Corp. builds a machine that gives commercial tenants substantial savings on electricity without sacrificing adequate lighting. CEO John Mitola chose CIT over competitors because of the group's "keen knowledge of energy industry economics." That know-how led to an innovative financing solution that benefits not just Electric City and CIT, but power users, brokers, and even the environment. "We wanted a true financial partner, not just someone who would do a deal and move on," says Mitola. "CIT has become a strategic financial partner to us."

tional services such as appraisal transmittal capabilities, electronic closing documents and expanded broker management tools. By continually providing expanded functionality through the Internet, BrokerEdge facilitates deeper and broader relationships with mortgage brokers.
Equipment Financing

CIT ANNUAL REPORT 2000

This division recently enhanced its eFinanceIt.com web site which offers customers real-time access to critical account information, as well as industry related data. Customers can monitor portfolio activity, and follow a transaction through the entire credit process ­ from application to approval, and then through the complete asset management phase. eFinanceIt.com also operates as an online "back-office" enhancement for a number of CIT's customers. In addition, prospects and customers alike can search a database of over 1,000 pieces of pre-owned equipment for sale in over 20 different industries.
Commercial Finance

Over 80% of CIT's factoring clients use the Internet to transmit data and communicate with CIT. In addition, we have formed alliances with over two dozen web sites in an effort to develop the Internet into an alternative distribution channel for our commercial finance services.
DIVERSITY

Increasing scope and diversity keeps CIT on course through changing times. This diversity is both broad and deep: our operations are spread across different asset types, financial products, customers, industries, and geographical regions. They reach into every domestic region of the U.S.the midwest, west, south, north, and east-as well as across U.S. borders into Canada, Mexico, and beyond. We serve clients in the small-, middle-, and large-ticket market segments. Our high credit quality, low charge-off rate, quality earnings, and superbly managed risk all give us tremendous access to financial markets and lenders.

13

CIT ANNUAL REPORT 2000

14

CIT ANNUAL REPORT 2000

Fashion retailer Kenneth Cole manages its resources wisely right down to the nuts and bolts of using CIT to manage the company's bookkeeping and collection functions. "We can't take the time to check the credit of every retailer we deal with, and CIT has such a large customer base that it knows practically every retailer in the country," says Kenneth Cole CFO Stan Mayer. " Without them, I'd have to pay for credit insurance and 15 people doing checks and handling collections."

A SUPERB STAFF

To sum up, in 2001, we ' re running with a broader, deeper, more adaptable organization. I have great confidence in our performance prospects as we concentrate on our priorities, and I am proud to say we can count on the people of our organization to get us where we want to go. This is a truly impressive group, whose tremendous talent, dedication, experience, and just plain hard work have brought us far and will take us profitably into business markets that have yet to be developed. I wish to thank all CIT employees, our Board Members, investors, and our clients for their constant and strong support.
AN EXCITING ALLIANCE

15

CIT ANNUAL REPORT 2000

As we go to press, we're announcing exciting news: Tyco International Ltd., a diversified manufacturing and service company, will acquire CIT in a tax-free stock-for-stock exchange. Tyco needed a financing capability to support its growing worldwide businesses, and acquiring CIT, a fully established leader in commercial finance, proved the most efficient solution. CIT will be its own profit center within Tyco, and I will remain CEO and President of CIT, as well as joining Tyco's Board of Directors. This transaction provides an exceptional opportunity for our shareholders to participate in Tyco's future growth. Both companies have leadership positions in key industries, highly diversified revenues, and strong operating platforms. The combination of our wide-ranging product offering and Tyco's diversified customer base creates tremendous financing opportunities and growth prospects. It also enhances our competitiveness and access to capital. This is a very exciting opportunity for both companies, our investors, and our customers.

Albert R. Gamper, Jr. Chairman, President and CEO

