CIT ANNUAL REPORT 2013

April 3, 2014

DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS, Over the past four years, we have made tremendous progress in positioning CIT for long-term success. We significantly improved our liability structure, which has helped to reduce our cost of funds, and have grown our commercial assets. These steps, along with many others, have helped us to enhance our regulatory standing and return CIT to profitability. As we reflect on the past 12 months, 2013 marked another year of steady progress toward achieving our priorities. We returned CIT to profitability and continued to prudently grow our assets both organically and through portfolio purchases. Our primary bank subsidiary, CIT Bank, remained at the forefront of our efforts to prudently grow assets and diversify our funding sources, as its assets increased to $16.1 billion at year-end from $12.2 billion a year earlier. And we were able to realize our goal of beginning to return capital to our shareholders through both dividends and share repurchase.

JOHN A. THAIN CHAIRMAN & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

As encouraged as we are with our progress, we are even more excited about what's ahead given the solid base that we have established for building long-term value. Building Long-Term Value Over the past few years, we have been focused on creating shareholder value in large part by growing our commercial franchises. That focus has resulted in nine consecutive quarters of commercial asset growth. Long-term customer relationships are at the heart of our success, as our deep understanding of our customers' businesses and industries and our ability to put our knowledge to work, continue to translate into repeat engagements. One such example of how our deep relationships have led to repeat business was Joe's Jeans' acquisition of Hudson Clothing last year. Our long-standing factoring and other financing work for both companies played an important role in being chosen to serve as lead arranger in the transaction. In this case, our Corporate Finance Group supported our Commercial Services Group in structuring a flexible financing solution where we acted as asset-based lender, as well as arranger of incremental term debt via a capital markets partner that enabled Joe's Jeans to consummate their acquisition. Another example is our long-standing relationship with Odyssey Investment Partners, a leading middle market private equity firm. Over the past 10 years, we have provided financing to nine of their portfolio companies across many of CIT's industry groups, including Commercial & Industrial, Transportation, Healthcare and Energy, to support acquisitions and various growth initiatives. In one recent transaction, we served as sole arranger and lead bookrunner on an asset-based lending facility that enabled Odyssey Investment Partners to acquire a leading equipment rental company servicing the pipeline construction industry. While we differentiate ourselves through our market expertise and deep industry sector knowledge, when we don't have the in-house expertise to take advantage of emerging opportunities, we acquire talent. This is evidenced by our investing in a new team in Maritime Finance last year and our re-entry into commercial real estate financing three years ago. In fact, Maritime Finance was a significant contributor to the $300 million of loan growth we experienced in the Transportation Finance loan portfolio in 2013. Meanwhile commercial real estate financing buoyed asset growth in our Corporate Finance segment. CIT Bank continues to play a key role in our success, originating essentially all of our new U.S. business. The Bank now represents more than 40% of our total commercial assets, and deposits have increased to 36% of total funding. In addition, in the two years since we launched our Internet bank, online deposits have grown to nearly $6 billion. The elimination of high-cost debt in 2011 and 2012 and the strengthening of our risk management practices helped return the company to profitability in 2013 and have placed CIT in a solid financial position going forward. Our capital position and our liquidity both remain strong, and our credit metrics remain at cyclical lows. Our improved financial profile did not go unnoticed over the past year. Both Moody's and Standard & Poor's upgraded our debt ratings in 2013 citing our lower funding costs and improvement in our core profitability. More importantly, our Written Agreement with the Federal Reserve Bank of New York was terminated. The lifting of the Written Agreement was a significant development that allowed us to begin returning capital to our shareholders. In May, the Board of Directors approved the repurchase of up to $200 million of common stock in 2013, and it recently authorized the repurchase of up to an additional $300 million of CIT shares this year. In addition, we reinstated a quarterly cash dividend on our common stock, which was paid in the fourth quarter of 2013. Given our transformation over the past few years, these are prudent first steps, and we anticipate being able to continue to return capital to shareholders in line with industry norms.

CIT ANNUAL REPORT 2013

2013 Results We reported net income of $676 million, $3.35 per diluted share. CIT's commercial financing and leasing assets grew by 8%, led by organic growth in all but one of our core commercial segments. Financing and leasing assets were up 6% from the prior year in our Transportation Finance segment, which enjoyed strong operating performance across most businesses. Our air and rail fleets continue to experience close to maximum utilization, with 98% of our railcars and all but one of our commercial aircraft on lease or under commitment to lease at year-end. In Corporate Finance, we grew financing and leasing assets 21% while maintaining solid operating performance and gaining market share. The gains reflected the success of growth initiatives in commercial real estate, as well as from the acquisition of approximately $720 million in assets from Flagstar Bank. This purchase was an opportunistic transaction that complements the existing asset-based lending and equipment portfolio and further expands our middle market customer base. In Trade Finance, factoring volume grew 2% from 2012 as we continued to extend our success in the apparel industry to other consumer products categories. While assets in the Vendor Finance business were down, largely reflecting the sale of the Dell business in Europe and our decision to rationalize the international platform, our U.S. Vendor Finance volumes remained solid. We achieved these results despite some isolated headwinds over the course of the year. In addition to the international rationalization and Dell Europe sale, we transferred our small business lending and student loan portfolios to assets held for sale. We continued to focus on cost reductions and made progress on our expense initiatives. In 2013, we completed the sale of several subscale platforms, and reduced our global footprint by consolidating several international offices and made plans to exit more than 20 countries in the Vendor Finance international platform. Overall, our focus remains on improving our expense ratio through a combination of cost reductions and asset growth. 2014 Outlook As we look into 2014, we see gradual improvement in both the U.S. and European economies. Any increase in activity would bode well for asset growth. In addition to building our asset base, we will remain focused on achieving our profitability targets, managing expenses, growing CIT Bank and continuing to return capital to our shareholders. We recently announced a change in our organizational structure that will help us achieve these objectives while leveraging our operational capabilities and knowledge for the benefit of our customers. Going forward, we will manage our business and report our financial results in three operating segments: Transportation & International Finance, North American Commercial Finance and Non-Strategic Portfolios. We believe these changes will help create an organization that better aligns our businesses with our customers, streamline the organization and our processes, and improve our operating efficiencies. In the year ahead, we will be looking for ongoing opportunities to build shareholder value and deploy excess capital. The recent share repurchase authorization program will be one outlet for our capital. We will also consider strategic acquisitions that offer synergies with our existing portfolio and enable us to expand our capabilities to new markets, such as our January 2014 acquisition of Nacco SAS, one of the largest independent full-service railcar lessors in Europe. We will also continue to look for ways to improve the communities in which our employees and customers live and work. Last year, our global employees collected more than 95 tons of food as part of our employee food drive initiative, and they volunteered more than 7,700 hours while participating in more than 150 projects around the world. We are just as proud of these meaningful efforts as we are of our financial and operational improvements. As we continue to grow as a strong and profitable company, we will also continue to grow as an involved corporate citizen. I also want to thank our more than 3,000 employees for their continued dedication to CIT and for their support of our small business, middle market and transportation clients. Their efforts have helped CIT maintain its position as a leading provider of lending, leasing and advisory services to these important sectors. On behalf of all our employees, I thank you for your continued support.

John A. Thain Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer

