DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS,
As we began 2011, my goals for CIT focused on improving our profitability, financial
flexibility and asset quality, as well as expanding the role of CIT Bank and enhancing
our risk, compliance and control functions throughout the Company. I am pleased to
report that we achieved those goals and we are well positioned for growth this year.
By any measure, CIT made significant progress over the past year. We prudently
grew new business volumes and maintained a strong balance sheet. Our new
business activity increased 83%, with $9.4 billion in new loan and lease commitments,
while our funded new business volume of $7.8 billion increased 73% over 2010. All of
our core businesses contributed to positive growth as we maintained or enhanced
our leading positions in our commercial franchises. Our commercial assets began
growing again for the first time since our restructuring in 2009.
One of our top priorities was to lower our funding costs and this, too, we
accomplished. We have reduced the weighted average interest rate of our debt and
deposits to 4.3% from 6.0% at year-end 2009; this includes the benefits of our $3.25
billion debt issuance in February 2012 and $6.5 billion of high-cost debt redemptions
completed during the first quarter of 2012. Since the beginning of 2010, we have
repaid or refinanced $22 billion of debt. These efforts, in large part, have led to recent
upgrades in our corporate debt ratings.
The launch of CIT Bank online (BankOnCIT.com) served as another important step
in our efforts to diversify our funding sources into stable, low-cost deposit products.
The Bank now provides us an additional source of funds to meet the financing needs
of our clients. Since its launch in October, CIT Bank has raised more than $1 billion
in Internet deposits. During 2011, we transferred our Small Business Lending and
U.S. Vendor Finance platforms into CIT Bank and approximately 80% of our U.S.
Corporate Finance loans were originated by the Bank.
Our pre-tax results, excluding fresh start accounting benefits and costs associated
with prepaying some of our high-cost debt, swung from a loss of $575 million in 2010
to a profit of $302 million in 2011. Charge-offs, non-accruals and additions to non-
accruals all declined. We ended 2011 with strong capital and liquidity, with Tier 1 and
Total Capital ratios of 18.8% and 19.7%, respectively, and $8.4 billion in cash and short-
term investments.
This positive momentum carried over into our relations with regulators. In addition to
the termination of the cease and desist orders on CIT Bank in April, we believe that
at year-end 2011 we made substantial progress in satisfying the requirements of the
Written Agreement. We continue to communicate closely with the Federal Reserve
Board of New York, which is in the process of reviewing and validating the remaining
open items.
Looking ahead to 2012, the growth we see for our business is consistent with a
U.S. economy that is growing, albeit slowly. Overseas, the Chinese and Brazilian
economies expect continued growth. If there’s a cloud on the near-term horizon,
it’s hanging over Europe. While it still isn’t clear how or when the continent’s debt
problems will be resolved, we will be opportunistic in the region, as we will be
elsewhere.
Against this backdrop, our commercial franchises are well positioned for growth
this year, both domestically and internationally. The new business pipeline in our
Corporate Finance division continues to grow, enhanced by our reentry into the
equipment finance and commercial real estate lending markets. Our Trade Finance
business has stabilized its customer base and is winning new business. We have
added new assets in our aircraft and rail car leasing operations, with nearly full
utilization of all of our existing assets. Our Vendor Finance business, which operates
in more than 25 countries, is capitalizing on growth opportunities in Asia, Latin
America and the United States.
This year, we will continue to focus on improving CIT’s profitability and further
lowering our cost of capital. We recently reached another milestone following the
redemption of all of our remaining 7% Series A Second-Priority Secured Notes. The
elimination of these notes leaves us with a largely unencumbered balance sheet
as our Series C Notes and revolving credit facility are now unsecured. In addition,
in March 2012, we successfully closed a new $1.5 billion public offering of senior
unsecured debt. This is a significant milestone for CIT as it represents our first public
unsecured bond transaction since 2007.
Our central focus remains on providing financing to the small business, middle
market and transportation sectors to help support their growth and to ensure
that we are responsive to their needs. CIT has been in the business of supporting
such companies for more than 100 years, and our clients continue to seek our help
because of our well-established expertise. It is both a privilege and a responsibility
to serve this role. We will not take unnecessary risks. We want to grow as much as
our clients do, but we will not do it at the expense of all the progress we have made
over the past two years. I want to thank our global employee base for their continued
efforts on behalf of our clients and our shareholders. Given the premier talent we
have at CIT, and the significant steps we have taken already, I am confident that the
hard work of the last year will lead to even greater success for CIT and all of our
stakeholders in 2012 and beyond.
John A. Thain
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
All of our core
businesses contributed