P.1

DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,
2006 was a terrific year as we gained momentum in becoming the global finance leader in the middle market. We delivered solid financial results highlighted by strong top-line growth, exceptional credit quality and a double-digit increase in EPS. Moreover, we made significant progress strengthening our global franchise and positioning ourselves for future growth. Fundamental to our success has been our ability to attract top talent and create a performancedriven culture. This new culture, along with our strategic hires in human resources, information technology, risk management and the staffing of our key growth businesses, will drive growth, increase accountability and create a best-in-class work environment. Our success in building a world-class sales organization is showing results. New business volume increased by more than 30% to over $41 billion, and we have significant future potential. Revenue growth remained strong in a competitive market, and was balanced as we converted our increase in new business volume into an 18% growth in managed assets and an 8.5% increase in non-spread revenue. Our business model has evolved from "originate and hold" to "originate and optimize" so as to better leverage our core strengths of asset origination, risk management and client service. While we work to drive top-line growth, our legacy of risk, expense and capital discipline will not be compromised. To manage our risk concentrations we are strengthening our distribution capabilities to take advantage of the liquidity in the marketplace by selling low yielding and higher risk assets. In 2006, our sale and syndication volume was up 125% to more than $10 billion. As we continue to focus on improving risk-adjusted returns, our solid balance sheet, with deep liquidity, solid credit reserves and healthy capital levels has positioned us well for the future. We will optimize our capital structure, increase operating efficiencies as we grow revenues and rationalize our headcount. We will also streamline our middle and back office operations, complete technology standardizations, continue platform consolidations and introduce off-shoring. International growth remains a top strategic priority. In 2006, we bought out our Chinese partners in our equipment leasing venture, acquired a factoring company in Germany and announced the acquisition of Barclays UK and German vendor finance businesses. By 2008, we anticipate 25% of our assets will be international as we seek other opportunistic acquisitions to grow our operations throughout Asia and Europe. A major factor in our success has been our ability to differentiate ourselves in the marketplace. Our new global brand platform "Capital Redefined" is based on what we do best -- deliver relationship, intellectual, and financial capital to our customers. We know the middle market and understand that our customers expect more than just "traditional financing." Our unique, go-to-market strategy reflects our rich heritage, long relationships and strong competitive positioning in the middle market. Looking ahead, we remain focused on the continued execution of our long-term growth strategy. Given our momentum, we fully expect to deliver another year of record originations, increased productivity, double-digit earnings growth and improved returns. I want to thank our employees globally for their tremendous hard work and our investors for their continued interest and support. As we approach our centennial anniversary in 2008, I have great confidence in saying that CIT has never been stronger or better positioned for the future.

Jeffrey M. Peek Chairman & CEO

