  Dear Colgate Shareholder
On the following pages, Ian Cook, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, answers questions often asked by our shareholders regarding our business results, key strategic initiatives and the Company’s prospects for future growth.*
Q. Please comment on the Company’s 2011 global business results.
A. We are delighted to have delivered another year of strong performance in 2011. Net sales grew 7.5% and global unit volume from continuing businesses grew 4.0%. Pleasingly, we succeeded on the bottom line as well. We achieved our profit goals, with diluted earnings per share increasing 4%, despite continuing increases in material costs, an intense competitive environment and volatile macroeconomic conditions worldwide.
Advertising spending behind the Company’s brands rose 5%, leading to market share gains across many of our core catego- ries. Notably, Colgate’s global market shares in toothpaste, man- ual toothbrushes, mouthwash, bar soap, body wash, shampoo, household cleaners and fabric conditioners all increased during the year.
We also maintained our strong balance sheet and cash flow, which, along with the Company’s positive growth momentum, led the Board of Directors to authorize a 9% increase in the quarterly dividend, effective in the second quarter of 2011, and
a new share repurchase program providing for the repurchase of up to 50 million shares.
Q. During 2011, Colgate refined its global business strategies to accelerate growth worldwide. Can you please elaborate on this? A. Last April, nearly 250 Colgate leaders from around the world gathered to agree on the key priorities to ensure that we reach our ambitious goals. With “Driving Global Growth Smarter And Faster ” as our theme, our focus was on what it takes to acceler- ate growth and stay ahead of the competition. While we expect to face new challenges, we also see new opportunities. Our proven strategy, which has led to consistent success around the world, will continue to drive our worldwide efforts. However, we have refined our four strategic initiatives so that we can operate smarter and faster, continuing to build on our global strength. Colgate people worldwide are sharply focused on: (1) Engaging to Build Our Brands, (2) Innovation for Growth, (3) Effectiveness and Efficiency, and (4) Leading to Win.
We are finding that consumers are now more demanding of what they value in brand choice beyond price and are affected
by a growing array of new influencers. Engaging to Build Our Brands means increased engagement with our consumers, customers, the profession and other influencers with powerful integrated marketing campaigns that take full advantage of digital and social media. We are also focusing on identifying deeper, more meaningful insights in order to establish stronger connections with all of our constituencies and create a deeper level of commitment to our brands.
Innovation for Growth is as important as ever. We continue to encourage all Colgate people to find inno- vative solutions to business challenges, but we will put special emphasis on two areas, (1) innovative products that are incremental, breakthrough and transforma- tional and (2) tailored go-to-market strategies that can accelerate and sustain our growth.
Effectiveness and Efficiency remain a key priority, reflecting the importance of changing the way we work together to generate new funds for growth. By focusing on a number of specific areas such as pricing excellence and simplification, and exploring new areas, we will continue to grow funds to invest in our new products and the marketing activities behind them.
Colgate has long believed that personal and col- laborative leadership of all Colgate people around the world is critical to achieving outstanding business re- sults, and we remain focused on developing all Colgate people and instilling a Leading to Win mindset.
Q. Strength in emerging markets has long been a competitive advantage for Colgate. How does Colgate continue to drive growth in these markets?
A. Emerging markets, which in 2011 comprised more than
half our global sales, have been an important part of Colgate’s growth strategy for a long time. By being there early, we have built strong consumer loyalty and leading market positions in many of our core categories. Today, these markets have robust GDP growth, a large population with low product penetration and even lower consumption, good category growth rates and loyal consumers.
Colgate’s growth strategy in these markets focuses on driv- ing consumption. For example, we educate consumers about the benefits of good oral health care and provide product samples with programs such as “Bright Smiles, Bright Futures”. With this global initiative, Colgate has reached over 650 million children, and every year we partner with dental professionals and our retail partners to sponsor an oral health month in each of our geographies.
    Ian Cook
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
  4
2011 Annual Report
2011 Annual Report 5
*In the questions and answers provided, the Company’s results and outlook are discussed excluding the aftertax gain from the sale of the Company’s laundry detergent business in Colombia and certain other items in 2011 and 2010. A complete reconciliation between reported results (GAAP) and results excluding these items (Non-GAAP), including a description of such items, is available on Colgate’s web site and on page 21 of this report.
Another focus is making our products available and highly visible to all consumers. The trade environment in emerging markets is often predominately small stores. We try to “paint the store red” with strong in-store execution that increases the visibility of Colgate products. As for product mix, we are orga- nized to innovate specifically for emerging markets through deep consumer insights captured at our consumer innovation centers, four of which are located within emerging market geographies, along with four supportive, companion global technology centers. An example that came out of this process is Colgate Plax Fresh Tea mouthwash in China. This innovation helped drive our share of the mouthwash market in China to a record high level in 2011.

 Q. How is Colgate’s growth strategy different in developed markets?
A. In contrast to the robust growth environment in
emerging markets, developed markets are experienc- ing low GDP growth, slow to no category growth and an environment of highly promotional excess retail
capacity. Pleasingly, despite these challenges, Colgate is succeeding in these markets as well.
In developed markets, we drive growth in a num- ber of ways, including by working closely with global retailers to align our business objectives and fuel
category growth, and partnering with the dental profession to increase recommendations.
Recommendations from the dental profession en- courage trial and build loyalty. Their endorsements are a key driver of demand and consumer choice,
particularly in the developed world. In the sensitivity segment, for example, because people often go to the dentist and ask “what can I do about this pain,”
dental professionals’ recommendations for Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief toothpaste are driving market share gains against the long-established leading
competitor in this segment.
Another way we are growing in these markets
is by making selective acquisitions that comple- ment and strengthen our higher-margin, strategi- cally important businesses. The Sanex personal
care acquisition in Europe this past year is a terrific example.
Q. How has the Sanex acquisition in Europe strengthened Colgate’s personal care business in that region?
A. Sanex is a very strong brand of premium- priced personal care products that we have long admired, and its desirability has been
reaffirmed since we made it part of Colgate. The brand’s unique positioning around skin health is an excellent complement to Palmol-
ive’s natural extracts and skin care positioning as well as to our Protex brand, which focuses on antibacterial protection for skin. Liquid
body cleansing and deodorants each represent nearly 50% of the Sanex business. With its robust market shares, Sanex has strengthened Colgate’s positions in the shower gel and deodorant categories in several key countries in Europe and our overall personal care business throughout the region.
Q. Colgate’s ability to consistently generate cost savings in all areas of its business has been remarkable. Will this trend continue?
A. In today’s volatile cost environment, generating savings in all areas of our business is more important than ever. We have been very successful with our worldwide savings proj- ects, and interestingly, the more we delve into ways to save and become more efficient, the more we identify additional sources of savings.
Two key components of our program are (1) our tradi- tional funding-the-growth initiatives, which have historically generated between $300 million and $700 million of pre-tax savings each year, and (2) reducing structural overheads.
Funding-the-growth projects are focused on three areas: direct costs, which include the cost of the materials that go into our products; indirect costs, which are the costs of prod- ucts and services that do not go directly into our products; and operational costs. In just one example, we are using our company-wide SAP capability to reduce the cost of complex- ity in our manufacturing process. By drilling down and un- derstanding the actual cost of individual stock keeping units, or SKUs, rather than using standard cost techniques which tend to average costs across multiple SKUs in a product portfolio, we are using the true cost of our products to drive simplification decisions and lower our overall costs.
We are also making organizational and structural changes to reduce overhead costs. For example, we are doing more regional hubbing, bringing groups of businesses together,
as well as implementing shared services, which simplify and standardize how business services are delivered. With shared services, our initial focus has been on accounting processes and procedures across Europe. We believe there is great opportunity for even more savings as we take this model to other regions and broaden its scope.
Q. Please elaborate on how the Company is strengthening its commitment to sustainability worldwide.
A. Long before many businesses began talking about sus- tainability and social responsibility, Colgate recognized that how we do business is just as important as what we do. At Colgate, sustainability is not just a project or initiative — it’s built into business decisions every day. We recognize that
a broad approach to sustainability, encompassing our long commitment to the environment, but also extending to the long-term well-being of the people and communities we serve, is the truest expression of our Company values: Caring, Continuous Improvement and Global Teamwork.
Just as we are sharply focused on our key priorities that drive Colgate’s business success, we determined that we must bring this same sharp focus to sustainability, identifying where and how we can make the greatest difference. That led to a more focused global 2011-2015 sustainability strategy with measurable goals that align with our business objec- tives. More about our sustainability strategy, which remains focused on People, Performance and Planet, and our ambi- tious goals appear on page 20 of this report.
Q. What is the Company’s outlook for 2012?
A. We are confident that Colgate is well positioned for long- term sustainable growth as we are financially strong, are market leaders in many of our core categories around the world and have the right strategies in place to succeed.
While we expect economic and competitive challenges
to continue in 2012, Colgate people have a long record of success in managing change and delivering results. We have a powerful and sharpened strategy and a world-class global team deeply committed to getting done what we agree needs to get done.
As we move ahead together, I wish to thank all Colgate people worldwide for their personal commitment to achiev- ing our goals with the highest ethical standards, and express appreciation for the support of our customers, suppliers, shareholders and directors.
Ian Cook
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
          6 2011 Annual Report
2011 Annual Report 7
Growth Highlights Of Five Divisions North America (18% of sales)
u Sales declined 0.5% in 2011 and unit volume grew 2.0%.
uOperating profit decreased 11%.
uColgate Optic White and Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief toothpastes and the
relaunch of Colgate Total toothpaste contributed to strength in oral care. uColgate’s strength in manual toothbrushes also continued in the U.S., driven
by the success of Colgate 360° Optic White, Colgate 360° Sensitive Pro-Relief and Colgate 360° Surround.
Latin America (28% of sales)
u Sales increased 12.0% in 2011 and unit volume from continuing businesses grew 4.5%.
uOperating profit increased 9%.
uColgate Sensitive Pro-Relief Whitening, Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief Multi-
Protection and Colgate Total toothpastes, Colgate 360° Surround manual toothbrush, the relaunch of Colgate Plax mouthwashes, Protex Advanced Clean bar soap and Lady Speed Stick Stainguard deodorant contributed to market share gains throughout the region.
Europe/South Pacific (21% of sales)
uSales and unit volume grew 9.0% and 5.0%, respectively, in 2011.
uThe Sanex acquisition added 4.0% to both sales and unit volume growth. uOperating profit declined 4%.
uColgate Sensitive Pro-Relief Multi-Protection, Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief
Whitening and Colgate Max White One toothpastes, Colgate 360° Surround manual toothbrush and the relaunch of Palmolive Aromatherapy and Thermal Spa shower gels contributed to growth throughout the region.
Greater Asia/Africa (20% of sales)
uSales and unit volume grew 9.5% and 6.5%, respectively, in 2011.
uThe Sanex acquisition added 0.5% to both sales and unit volume growth. uOperating profit increased 5%.
uColgate Sensitive Pro-Relief Whitening, Colgate Total and Colgate Active Salt
toothpastes, Colgate 360° Surround manual toothbrush, Colgate Plax Fresh Tea mouthwash and Lady Speed Stick and Mennen Speed Stick Waterproof deodorants contributed to growth throughout the region.
Hill’s Pet Nutrition (13% of sales)
u Sales increased 4.5% in 2011 and unit volume was even with 2010. uOperating profit was even with 2010.
uVeterinary recommendations for the Hill’s brand remain high worldwide. uInnovative new products succeeding in the U.S. include Science Diet Ideal
Balance Canine, Science Diet Savory Stew Canine, Science Diet Age Defying Feline, Prescription Diet y/d Feline Thyroid Health and the relaunch of Prescription Diet c/d Multicare Feline Bladder Health.
