   Pictured above, Ian Cook, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Reuben Mark, Chairman of the Board, address shareholders at the Company’s 2007 Annual Meeting of Shareholders held in New York City.
 Dear
Colgate Shareholder...
Strong Top and Bottom Line Momentum Continued in 2007
We are delighted that 2007 was a year of excellent growth momentum for Colgate. Global sales rose 12.5% to an all-time record level, and global unit vol- ume from continuing businesses grew 7.0% on top of the outstanding growth achieved in 2006. In fact, every operating division reported sales and profit increases for the year.
Advertising spending supporting the Company’s brands rose 17% to an all- time record level on top of double-digit growth in 2006, leading to worldwide market share gains and strong volume increases. Notably, Colgate’s global mar- ket shares in toothpaste, manual toothbrushes, mouth rinse, bar soaps, shower gels and fabric conditioners all finished the year at record highs.
Profits in 2007 include $183.7 million of aftertax charges associated with our 2004 Restructuring Program and the net aftertax impact of certain Other Items that increased net income by $85.4 million. Excluding these items, net income, operating profit and diluted earnings per share were at record-high levels for the year. A complete reconciliation between reported results and results exclud- ing the 2004 Restructuring Program and Other Items, including a description
of such Other Items, is available on Colgate’s web site.
We are particularly pleased that gross profit margin increased 90 basis points
in 2007 to a record 57.3%, excluding restructuring charges, despite sharply ris- ing energy-related costs worldwide. Including restructuring charges, gross profit margin was 56.2%.
Cash flow was also strong, with operating cash flow reaching an all-time re- cord level for the year. The Company’s strong cash generation and positive growth momen- tum led the Board of Directors to authorize a 13% increase in the quarterly dividend rate, effective in the second quarter of 2007.
Overall, Colgate’s fundamentals are strong and getting stronger, with all key ratios mov- ing in the right direction.
Underlying Colgate’s current business success and key to our future success is our ongo- ing commitment to four powerful strategic initiatives: improved go-to-market initiatives focused on succeeding with consumers, the profession and our customers, a stronger focus on innovation, greater effectiveness and efficiency everywhere, and strengthening leader- ship worldwide.
Improved Go-to-Market Initiatives
Critically important to our marketplace success are close relationships with three key groups: consumers, dental and veterinary professionals, and retail customers.
Colgate continues to connect with consumers in new and different ways to better un- derstand their wants and needs, and to increase sales of Colgate products. For example, in a recent integrated marketing campaign promoting Colgate Max Fresh toothpaste in China, traditional advertising and in-store activities were combined with an on-line campaign and video contest to better reach our target audience of younger consumers.
Additionally, we continue to conduct a variety of consumption-building activities around the world. One example is our very successful “Bright Smiles, Bright Futures” comprehensive oral health education initiative, which has provided oral health information and Colgate product samples to over 500 million children in 80 countries in 30 languages since the pro- gram began 17 years ago. Selling Colgate products in affordable small-sized packages such
      4

 as single-use sachets is another way we are building consumption in emerging markets like India, where disposable income levels are low for many consumers.
Another powerful growth driver is Colgate’s strategy to present consumers with higher-value offerings. Premium-priced products are driving sales growth and market share gains across categories in key countries around the world.
In Brazil, for example, Colgate Total toothpaste now represents nearly 20% of Colgate’s toothpaste sales in that country versus just 1% four years ago.
Our activities and relationships with dental professionals also build our business. For instance, our Company is highly visible at dental conventions, participates in Oral Health Month celebrations around the world and has a
robust professional sampling program.
All of these activities are strengthening our relationships with dental
professionals everywhere and greatly contribute to Colgate’s leading position as the toothpaste brand recommended most often by dentists worldwide.
Similarly, at Hill’s, veterinary endorsements are equally important to drive trial of products and build long-term brand loyalty. Professional programs at Hill’s include sponsoring veteri- nary conferences, nutrition education programs at veterinary colleges and partnering with animal shelters to feed pets at the shelters, and provide product samples and information about the health benefits of proper pet nutrition to prospective pet owners.
Succeeding with our retail customers is another critical part of our business strategy. These relationships are especially important today since research shows that more than 50% of consumer purchase decisions are taking place in the store. One key global initiative, called Shopper Marketing, focuses on shoppers’ in-store behavior and is leading to new growth opportunities for Colgate. For example, in the United States, Colgate learned that during their frequent trips to the pharmacy, people with diabetes often search for products and health information that will help manage their disease. Colgate then launched an expansive in-store marketing campaign within the pharmacy section promoting the benefits of Colgate Total toothpaste in helping to prevent the gum disease gingivitis, a condition diabetics are more likely to suffer. As a result, market shares for Colgate Total toothpaste among diabetics increased dramatically.
To meet shopper needs across all retail environments, Colgate has formed multifunctional customer development teams. Collaborating with retail customers, the teams develop com- mercial plans that align both the customers’ and Colgate’s strategic priorities and business goals, and develop the most efficient ways to grow the categories in which we compete.
Stronger Focus on Innovation
Innovation is a key factor in our growth strategy and involves everything from the identifica- tion of consumer and shopper insights to superior R&D to improving daily processes in all areas of the business. We take a multifaceted approach to keep our pipeline full of innovative products ready for launch. At the Company’s three long-term innovation centers, marketers focus on new product concepts extending three to five years into the future. These centers are focused by category: Oral Care, Pet Nutrition and, new in 2008, Body Cleansing.
The long-term centers supplement the work of nine other category innovation centers in Oral Care, Personal Care, Home Care and Pet Nutrition that focus on product ideas expected to launch within three years. These shorter-term centers are strategically located around the world to be close to all of our consumers.
 5

Simultaneously, Colgate scientists conduct early research to establish a scientific founda- tion to support the ideas generated by the innovation centers. For example, behind the re- cently launched Palmolive Pure Cashmere shower gel and liquid hand soap is breakthrough patented technology that delivers superior moisturization. Recognized as best-in-class, Colgate’s research and development program conducts some 175 clinical trials each year
in more than 30 countries to support our product concepts.
To further enhance our ability to develop new products and processes, Colgate is part- nering with outside experts, such as suppliers that are technical leaders, leading research firms and the academic community. Colgate’s growing market shares in toothbrushes are due in part to a partnership with a European-based supplier that helped to develop the very successful line of Colgate 360° manual and powered toothbrushes.
Additionally, we are getting new products to market faster than ever before. Colgate’s “Big Hits” process identifies new product opportunities with the greatest growth potential and strategic value, and provides them with additional resources, including senior man- agement involvement. Through this process, for example, Colgate Total Professional Clean toothpaste reached 18 countries in Latin America in just six months.
Importantly, innovation at Colgate extends beyond new products to all business pro- cesses. In the area of information systems, Colgate has long been at the leading edge
via its 13-year partnership with German software company SAP. In 2007, Colgate reached a new milestone, being the first of SAP’s more than 40,000 customers
to have implemented SAP software in over 100 countries.
By increasing our innovation capabilities around the world, Colgate is
growing its market shares in key categories and improving the way we operate across all of our business functions.
Becoming Even More Effective and Efficient Everywhere
We are now more than halfway through our four-year restructuring and business- building program, announced in December 2004, which was designed to acceler-
ate growth and generate additional savings throughout the income statement. During 2007, incremental savings projects were identified by the Company that will
be completed without extending the length of the 2004 Restructuring Program be- yond the previously announced completion date of December 31, 2008. We are very pleased that the expanded 2004 Restructuring Program is progressing on schedule and is generating sizable savings as expected. We are on track to achieve our expanded goal
of annual aftertax savings of $325 million to $350 million.
We have also made good progress on our plan to build a truly global supply chain,
with state-of-the-art global and regional manufacturing centers replacing older, less efficient plants. Our new oral care plant in Morristown, Tennessee, for example, which manufactures toothpaste for North American markets, became fully operational in January 2008. This highly modernized facility contains leading-edge, high-speed equipment and is designed
to use energy, water, materials and land more efficiently than a standard building, while providing a healthy indoor environment, and generating less waste and lower operating costs. As a result, the U.S. Green Building Council awarded the Morristown facility certifica- tion under their Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) rating system.
Another way we are generating savings is through a new global process that we call Colgate Business Planning. Colgate Business Planning is enabling Colgate to grow net sales, market shares and margin through increased transparency on effective commercial invest- ment, better cross-functional collaboration and longer-term planning goals. Supported by customized SAP software, this new commercial process is institutionalizing a strong return on investment methodology into Colgate’s daily work and practices.
Strengthening Leadership Worldwide
It takes effective leaders at all levels to guide a company to success. We strongly believe
the unified commitment and strength of Colgate leaders around the world are critical to the Company’s ability to achieve outstanding business results, particularly during a period of senior management transition. We wish to thank all Colgate people for their dedication and
 6

 efforts in helping the Company manage through this process and deliver terrific business results in 2007.
Training and development for all employees is an integral part of working at Colgate. Colgate people not only take courses to build their skills to meet key business needs, they also are required to attend courses, such as Business Integrity: Colgate’s Values at Work, that place strong emphasis on how to conduct business ethically and with respect for all people and all cultures.
This respect also extends to the world around us. Colgate has a long history of develop- ing and marketing products that are safe for consumers and are friendly to the environ-
ment. We have demonstrated a long-standing commitment to conducting business in an ethical manner, with an intense focus on consumers and the communities we serve.
In 2007, we affirmed this commitment to increasingly integrate global sustainability as a key part of our business strategy by establishing a new global task force on sustainabil-
ity, comprised of members of Colgate’s senior leadership team.
Looking Ahead
Colgate ended 2007 with excellent business momentum. We have clearly defined strategies in place, with a tight focus on our higher-margin priority businesses of Oral Care, Personal Care and Pet Nutrition. We are firmly committed to becoming closer to consumers everywhere, to strengthening our partnerships with the dental and veterinary professions and our customers, to fostering innovation in all areas of our business and to becoming even more effective and efficient in everything we do.
Looking to the future, we are confident that our positive business momentum will continue and enable Colgate to deliver excellent-quality, double-digit earnings per share growth in 2008.
As we move ahead together through today’s challenging and rapidly changing global marketplace, we wish to thank all Colgate people worldwide for their personal com- mitment and efforts, and express appreciation for the support of our customers, suppliers, agencies, shareholders and directors.
Thank You,
Reuben Mark Ian Cook
Chairman of the Board President and Chief Executive Officer
     Reuben Mark Chairman of the Board
A Very Special Thank You
Over the 23 years that he served as Colgate’s CEO, the leadership, values and vision of Reuben Mark inspired Colgate people worldwide to reach ever higher, and consistently build Colgate’s business. Reuben retired as CEO on July 1, 2007 after a 44-year career at Colgate, but his outstanding legacy – a strong, caring and simple worldwide culture – will support our success for many years to come.
Reuben successfully promoted an unwavering commitment to Colgate’s global values: Caring – for Colgate people everywhere, customers, consumers and the communities
where we operate; Continuous Improvement – getting a little better every day; and Global Teamwork – diverse Colgate people around the world working together for the common good. Pursuing these beliefs plays a vital role in sustaining strong performance over time.
Reuben championed a business strategy that focused tightly on a limited number of
core product categories, encouraged constant improvements in efficiency and effectiveness, and established processes to develop Colgate people from all areas of the world to their full potential. During the 23 years he served as CEO, Colgate shareholders received a total return of 4,206%, while the S&P 500 delivered 1,483% and the Company’s peer group, as defined in its proxy statement, delivered 3,085% over the same period.
Reuben will serve as Chairman of the Board for up to 18 months after his retirement. His outstanding contributions have built a strong foundation for our future and earned him the heartfelt thanks of Colgate people worldwide.
7
