                                   Financial Highlights (Dollars in Millions Except Per Share Amounts)
Worldwide Net Sales
Organic Sales Growth
Gross Profit Margin
Operating Profit
Operating Profit Margin
Net Income Attributable to Colgate-Palmolive Company (1) Diluted Earnings Per Share (1)
Dividends Paid Per Share Operating Cash Flow Year-end Stock Price
2014 Change
$17,277 -7.0% +5.0% 58.5% +10 basis points $ 3,557 -22% 20.6% -320 basis points $ 2,180 -37% $ 2.36 -36% $ 1.42 +6% $ 3,298 -11% $ 69.19 -4%
 2015
$ 16,034
58.6% $ 2,789 17.4% $ 1,384 $ 1.52 $ 1.50 $ 2,949 $ 66.62
  (1) Net income attributable to Colgate-Palmolive Company and diluted earnings per share in 2015 include an aftertax gain of $120 million ($0.13 per diluted share) from the sale of the Company’s laundry detergent business in the South Pacific, an aftertax charge of $1,058 million ($1.16 per diluted share) related to a change in accounting for the Company’s Venezuelan operations and aftertax charges of $234 million ($0.26 per diluted share) related to the 2012 Restructuring Program and certain other items. Net income attributable to Colgate-Palmolive Company and diluted earnings per share in 2014 include aftertax charges of $532 million ($0.57 per diluted share) related to the 2012 Restructuring Program, remeasurement charges resulting from effective devaluations in Venezuela and certain other items. A complete reconciliation between reported results (GAAP) and results excluding the above noted items (Non-GAAP), including a descrip- tion of such items, is available on Colgate’s website and on page 12 of this report.
  2015 Net Sales By Geographic Region
North America Latin America Europe/South Pacific Asia
20% 20%
18%
27% 18%
27%
15%
        Africa/Eurasia     6% 15%
14%
   Gross Profit Margin
(% of sales)
58.8(1) 58.7(1) 58.7(1)
58.3(1 57.6(1
’11 ’12 ’13 ’14 ’15
           57.3
58.1
)
) 58.6
58.5
58.6
(1) 2013-2015 exclude charges related to the 2012 Restructuring Program. 2012-2014 exclude costs related to the sale of land in Mexico. 2011 excludes costs as- sociated with various business realignment and other cost-saving initiatives. A complete reconciliation between reported results (GAAP) and results excluding these items (Non-GAAP), including a description of such items, is available on Colgate’s website and on page 12 of this report.
(2) 2015 excludes a gain from the sale of the Company’s laundry detergent business in the South Pacific and excludes charges related to a change in accounting for the Company’s Venezuelan operations, the 2012 Restructuring Program and certain other 2015 items. 2013 and 2014 exclude charges related to the 2012 Restructuring Program, remeasurement charges resulting from devaluations and effective devaluations in Venezuela and certain other 2013 and 2014 items. 2012 excludes charges related to the 2012 Restructuring Program and certain other 2012 items. 2011 excludes costs associated with business realignment and other cost-saving initiatives and certain other 2011 items. A complete reconciliation between reported results (GAAP) and results excluding these items (Non- GAAP), including a description of such items, is available on Colgate’s website and on page 12 of this report.
(3) Per share amounts have been restated for the 2013 two-for-one stock split.
2015 Net Sales By Market Maturity
Developed Markets Emerging Markets
49% 49%
51% 51%
    Hill’s Pet Nutrition
6%
14%
  Net Sales
($ billions)
17.1 17.4 17.3
16.7
Diluted Earnings(3) ($ per share)
2.51(2) 2.68(2 2.84(2) 2.93(2) 2.81(2)
’11 ’12 ’13 ’14 ’15
   2.57
)
    2.47
  2.38
 2.36
      ’11 ’12 ’13 ’14 ’15
16.0
1.52
Dividends Paid(3) ($ per share)
1.33 1.42 1.50 1.22
1.14
’11 ’12 ’13 ’14 ’15
  Dear Colgate Shareholders
 Ian Cook Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
We are very pleased with our solid results in 2015. While
net sales declined 7.0%, organic sales, or net sales ex- cluding foreign exchange, acquisitions and divestments, grew a strong 5.0%. All operating divisions contributed to the strong organic sales growth, led by emerging markets, where organic sales grew a robust 7.0%. Operating profit margin and net income as a percent to sales both increased in 2015, despite an intense competitive environment, sig- nificant foreign exchange volatility and challenging macro- economic conditions worldwide. Diluted earnings per share decreased 4% on a dollar basis, but increased double digit on a currency neutral basis.
We maintained our strong balance sheet and cash
flow, which, along with the Company’s consistent organic sales growth, led the Board of Directors to authorize a 6% increase in the quarterly cash dividend, effective in the sec- ond quarter of 2015.
 Engaging With Consumers
Is At The Heart Of Colgate’s Focused Global Strategy
Our market shares are growing around the world with Colgate’s leading share of the global toothpaste market reaching 45.0% for the year. We are delivering solid, consistent results despite a challenging economic environment because we remain sharply focused on global growth. For the past decade, Colgate has been guided by four strategic initiatives that have been fundamental to our success. These strategies are Engaging to Build Our Brands with consumers, health professionals and customers; Innovation for Growth to encourage new ideas, new products and processes; Effectiveness and Efficiency to
drive growth; and Leading to Win to strengthen our Colgate culture and develop the next generation of leaders.
Strengthening Consumer Engagement
Engaging with consumers is at the heart of Colgate’s focused global strategy, and we are strengthening this engagement in unique and innovative ways. When we launched Palmolive Aroma Moments shower and bath products in the United Kingdom, we invited music lovers at a popular 11-day outdoor festival in London’s Hyde Park to “Choose Their Mood” from among the new Aroma Moments mood-enhancing fragrances. Over 345,000 festival goers were offered colorful garlands to encircle their heads and face paint of beautiful florals reflecting the brand’s bold colors. The success of this event helped increase market share for Palmolive shower gels by 30 basis points in the United Kingdom in 2015.
In India, recognizing that parents everywhere always want their children to have better lives than they had, we are using integrated marketing communications to make an emo- tional connection with parents. For the past six years, Colgate has run a program that pro- vides scholarships to children. More than 1,200 children have received scholarships to date. We found that the grants have truly enriched their lives, a story we tell in a video to encour- age others to apply. The heart-warming video, for use on social media and television, brings
  The Company’s results are discussed excluding a gain from the sale of the Company’s laundry detergent business in the South Pacific and charges resulting from a change in accounting for the Company’s Venezuelan operations, the implementation of the 2012 Restructuring Program and certain other items in 2015 and 2014. A complete reconciliation between reported results (GAAP) and results excluding these items (Non-GAAP), including a description of such items,
is available on Colgate’s website and on page 12 of this report. Diluted earnings per share growth for full year 2015, on a currency neutral basis, eliminates from diluted earnings per share growth (GAAP) the impact of the items described above and the period-over-period changes in foreign exchange rates in the translation of local currency results into U.S. dollars. Accordingly, for purposes of calculating diluted earnings per share growth for full year 2015, on a currency neutral basis, full year 2015 local currency results, which include the impact of foreign currency transaction gains and losses, are translated into U.S. dollars using 2014 average foreign exchange rates by quarter.
1

  Engaging To Build Our Brands With
The Profession
Colgate is driving engage- ment and building our leadership with dental and veterinary professionals to strengthen their endorsement of our brands. Colgate helps educate dental and veteri- nary professionals about the science behind Colgate and Hill’s products by being deeply involved with academia, professional organizations and conven- tions, and with public health activities to improve oral health, pet health and good hygiene habits around the world.
BRAZIL
Globally, dental professionals use and recommend Colgate toothpaste more than twice the frequency of our nearest competitor. In Brazil, 65% of dental professionals recom- mend Colgate toothpaste.
    Engaging To Build
Our Brands With Consumers
Stronger consumer engage- ment begins with better insights. We are obtaining deeper and more meaningful consumer insights and using them to strengthen product development, packaging
and the communications we deliver through our integrated marketing campaigns. These innovative marketing programs deliver our brand messages using a combination of tradi- tional media outlets, in-store communications and newer digital outlets, including
social media.
HONG KONG
Colgate engaged consumers in Hong Kong to experience the benefits of Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief tooth- paste by providing product samples together with ice cream, a common trigger for tooth pain from sensitivity.
                                                          We Are
Increasingly Using Digital Media To Communicate Our Brand Messages
to life what the scholarship has meant to one child and his family. The video has attracted over 650,000 views online and has had over 45 million television impressions.
We are increasingly using digital media to communicate our brand messages. In 2015, digital media accounted for 20% of our advertising investment compared to 6.5% in 2010, and we expect this increasing trend to continue. A video we created for online use for Hill’s Science Diet Perfect Weight pet food is a good example. The goal of the video was to create awareness for pet obesity and provide education on the topic to pet parents. The
pet parents were then asked to take the “Perfect Weight 10-week Turnaround” challenge and watch their pets lose weight. The emotionally engaging video ended by directing viewers to the Hill’s website, where they could receive more information. Many pet parents even posted their own stories to share. This video helped Hill’s Science Diet strengthen its leading share of the weight management category in the United States by 70 basis points in 2015 to 29.3%.
We are proud that Colgate’s leading brands are winning with consumers worldwide.
In Kantar Worldpanel’s 2015 Brand Footprint report, a global ranking of the most chosen consumer brands, Colgate ranked as the brand purchased by the most households in the world. In fact, according to the survey, Colgate is the only consumer goods brand bought by more than half of the world’s households.
Innovating Across All Categories
Developing innovative new products in all categories is a key driver of Colgate’s growth. Our innovation process combines consumer insights and scientific innovation to bring to life
   new products that consumers will enjoy.
In toothpaste, building on the success of our whitening franchise, we are now launching
Colgate Optic White Platinum High Impact White, which provides four shades visibly whiter teeth in six weeks and starts working in just three days.
In personal care, the Sanex Advanced line of shower gels, deodorants, hand creams and body lotions, underpinned by science and developed with dermatologists, delivers skin expertise for specific skin needs. Fueled by this latest innovation, Sanex is one of the fastest growing personal care brands across Europe, and, in 2015, its market share in the shower gel and deodorant categories increased in all of the brand’s top three markets of France, Spain and the United Kingdom.
For pets, we brought new science to the category with Hill’s Prescription Diet Metabolic Plus. This is the only clinically proven, dual efficacy pet food that addresses conditions which often accompany pet obesity. Hill’s Prescription Diet Metabolic Plus Mobility for dogs is formulated to help manage weight and joint health, while Metabolic Plus Urinary for cats manages weight and addresses common urinary conditions in overweight felines.
Leading In Emerging Markets
Emerging markets have been an important part of Colgate’s growth strategy for a long time. By being there early, we have built strong consumer loyalty and leading market share posi- tions in many of our core categories.
 Making sure our products are broadly available, even in the tiniest, most remote 23

  Innovation
For Growth
At Colgate, developing inno- vative new products is a key driver of profitable growth. Colgate’s consumer innova- tion centers, in strategic loca- tions throughout the world, are focused on developing insight-driven innovation that provides value-added new products across all price points. Beyond new prod- ucts, innovation is embedded into the Company’s culture
to encourage new ideas
and process improvements throughout every aspect of the organization.
DENMARK
The new Sanex Advanced line of shower gels, deodor- ants, hand creams and body lotions, developed with dermatologists, uses advanced technologies to address the specific needs of very dry and atopic-prone skin and skin with minor every day damages to keep skin healthy.
   Engaging To Build Our Brands With
Our Customers Colgate works closely with its retail partners to share expertise and provide shop- pers with the best value and service. Colgate is engaging its customers worldwide
by sharing unique shopper insights, providing innovative in-store marketing commu- nications and merchandising techniques and developing and executing joint business planning initiatives. These activities ensure the right product assortment at each location and help to make shopping a consumer-friend- ly experience that drives increased sales for both Colgate and the retailer.
SOUTH AFRICA
As more and more consum- ers make their purchase decisions while they shop, eye-catching in-store displays are increasing the visibility of Colgate’s products and driv- ing growth for Colgate and its retail partners.
                                                        rural areas, is fundamental to our success in these regions. In India, we are using the power of digital technology to discover gaps in distribution by mapping villages and identifying those that do not have Colgate products. By adding distributors and tripling the number of vans and sales representatives to reach these remote areas, we now cover almost 60,000 villages directly, more than double the number in 2012. As a result, our rural market share
for Colgate toothpaste in India increased to 60% in 2015, with our national share at 55%. Importantly, those numbers reflect a pattern of people migrating, over time, from rural villages to larger towns and continuing to use Colgate toothpaste.
Consumption-building activities are also a key part of driving growth in these regions. In 2016, we are celebrating the 25th anniversary of our flagship “Bright Smiles, Bright Futures” global oral health education program. With new components including an animated video, interactive online games and employee engagement elements, the enriched program is engaging kids, parents, consumers, dental care professionals and community and non-gov- ernmental organizations more than ever before. To date, the program has reached more than 850 million children in over 80 countries and our goal is to reach 1.3 billion children by 2020.
Implementing Powerful Commercial Strategies
Colgate’s proven go-to-market strategies center on the goal of making our products avail- able, visible and irresistible. We are committed to superior in-store execution, such as en-
    We Are Committed To Superior In-store Execution
gaging with shoppers in what we call “experience zones.” These are large display structures where shoppers can walk inside, get product samples and learn about product benefits. In a skin care center “experience zone” we created to support the launch of Sanex Advanced shower gels, deodorants, hand creams and body lotions, shoppers were invited to try the products and a consultant was available to discuss the benefits of each item in the range.
Equally important are initiatives that increase professional recommendations for our products. Colgate is the toothpaste brand recommended most often by dentists worldwide. We continue to strengthen our engagement with the dental community in a variety of ways. We are reaching more dental professionals than ever through a new content-rich, easy-to- use, mobile-friendly website. Focusing on patient education, the site provides information about dental conditions, treatments, home care and Colgate product benefits. There is also a professional content section which provides information on the science behind Colgate products and access to general dental research.
We are also increasingly using pricing as a valuable strategic tool that provides consum- ers additional value and improves our ability to drive margins. In Guatemala, for example, we adopted a premiumization strategy for our market-leading Protex antibacterial bar soap. Talking to consumers, we learned that they would be willing to pay more for antibacteri-
al soaps that do not leave their skin feeling dry. Based on this insight, we recommended that the Protex variants with ingredients of natural origin and that provide a moisturizing sensation be priced at a 10% premium and supported the initiative with a marketing
  45

 Leading To Win
At Colgate, employees at all levels learn to take person-
al responsibility for being leaders, and they commit to conducting business with the highest integrity, incorporating Colgate’s values of Caring, Continuous Improvement and Global Teamwork into all busi- ness activities. Colgate also demonstrates leadership as
a member of the global com- munity. Through our sustain- ability efforts, we are ensuring that the business grows responsibly and benefits those we serve globally, while promoting the well-being of future generations.
HILL’S PET NUTRITION
Two Hill’s plants, in the Netherlands and the Czech Republic, were the first in the Colgate world to achieve zero manufacturing waste sent to landfills, an important sustain- ability milestone.
    Effectiveness
And Efficiency
Integral to Colgate’s glob-
al strategy is the ability to generate funds to invest in business growth. Through both established efficiency programs applied to all aspects of our business and ongoing identification of new ways to find savings, the Company constantly strives to improve its organizational capabilities and speed, while reducing costs.
CENTRAL AMERICA
Colgate is driving greater oper- ational efficiency by clustering single-country subsidiaries into more effective regional hubs, where commercial teams work together to align on new product launches and go-to-market activities across the region.
                                                           We Continually Look For Savings Throughout
All Aspects Of Our Business
campaign that explained the added benefit. In just six months, sales of the premium-priced variants grew significantly, while sustaining record high market shares for the Protex brand.
Generating Savings For Growth
Fundamental to Colgate’s success is generating savings to invest in the growth of our business. Savings are realized through ongoing efficiency initiatives and through the 2012 Restructuring Program, a Global Growth and Efficiency Program designed to improve the Company’s organizational capabilities and streamline our cost structure.
The 2012 Restructuring Program is proceeding smoothly. Since the start of the program, we have established 12 new commercial hubs across all operating divisions. Clustering single-country subsidiaries into more efficient regional hubs is leading to smarter and faster decision making on the ground. Another key initiative is extending Colgate’s busi- ness service centers located in Warsaw, Poland, Mumbai, India and Mexico City, Mexico
to streamline our global functions. All three centers are fully operational and are providing best-in-class service across an expanding range of functions to Colgate’s subsidiaries and hubs spanning 83 countries.
As part of our ongoing funding-the-growth cost-saving initiatives, we continually look for savings throughout all aspects of our business. These projects are wide-ranging and include many small initiatives that have added up to several hundred million dollars of savings annually. One recent initiative is the simplification and standardization of high- impact, point-of-purchase materials for the six countries in our Central America hub. By standardizing display production and repurposing materials using modular, adjustable core structures, graphic materials are now easily swapped out for the next campaign, much like changing a photo in a picture frame. This has reduced the number of structures needed from 15 to three, reduced development time by two months and reduced the cost of these
   Ian Cook Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 67
displays by over 30%. The greater potential is to take this initiative and apply it to all regions to realize efficiencies and savings on a global scale.
Looking Ahead
We are obsessively focused on global growth and are confident in the power of our global strategies. Executing these proven strategies with focus and agility, Colgate people remain dedicated to getting done what we agree needs to get done to achieve our business goals. We focus on what is in front of us and continue to make progress in spite of what is going on around us. While we expect foreign currency volatility and economic challenges to continue in 2016, Colgate people have a long record of success in managing through such challenges and delivering results.
Our new product pipeline is as full as ever, and the more savings we achieve, the more opportunities we see for investing in our future growth.
As we move ahead together, I wish to thank all Colgate people worldwide for their personal commitment to achieving our goals with the highest ethical standards, and express appreciation for the support of our consumers, customers, suppliers, shareholders and directors.
  