  Dear Colgate Shareholder
    Ian Cook Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
The Company’s results are discussed excluding charges resulting from the implementation of the 2012 Restructuring Program, Venezuela remea- surement charges and certain other items in 2014 and 2013. A complete reconciliation between reported results (GAAP) and results excluding these items (Non-GAAP), including a description of such items, is available on Colgate’s web site and on page 24 of this report. Diluted earnings per share growth for full year 2014, on a currency neutral basis, eliminates from diluted earnings per share growth (GAAP) the impact of the above 2014 items and the period-over-period changes in foreign exchange rates in the translation of local currency results into U.S. dollars. Accordingly, for purposes of cal- culating diluted earnings per share growth for full year 2014, on a currency neutral basis, full year 2014 local currency results, which include the impact of foreign currency transaction gains and losses, are translated into U.S. dol- lars using average foreign exchange rates for full year 2013.
We are very pleased with our results in 2014, delivering an- other year of growth and higher profitability, despite difficult economic conditions worldwide. While net sales declined 1.0%, organic sales, or net sales excluding foreign ex- change, acquisitions and divestments, grew a strong 5.0%. Pleasingly, this growth was well balanced between global unit volume growth of 3.0% and positive pricing of 2.0%. All operating divisions contributed to the strong organic sales growth, which was led by emerging markets, where organic sales grew a healthy 7.5%. Both operating profit margin and net income as a percent to sales increased in 2014, and diluted earnings per share increased 3% on a dollar basis and double-digit on a currency neutral basis, despite an intense competitive environment, significant foreign exchange volatility and challenging macroeconomic conditions worldwide.
We maintained our strong balance sheet and cash flow, which, along with the Company’s positive growth momen- tum, led the Board of Directors to authorize a 6% increase in the quarterly cash dividend, effective in the second quar- ter of 2014.
All of our fundamentals are strong and getting stron- ger. We remain sharply focused on executing our proven business strategies with excellence to continue to deliver profitable growth worldwide. These strategies are distilled into four strategic initiatives: Engaging to Build Our Brands; Innovation for Growth; Effectiveness and Efficiency; and Leading to Win.
Powerful Go-To-Market Strategies
Last year, nearly 250 Colgate leaders from around the world gathered to agree on the key priorities to ensure
that we meet our ambitious goals. The meeting’s theme, “Strengthening Our Capabilities to Win on the Ground,” reflects the importance we place on executing our strate- gies with focus and creativity. This has become increas- ingly significant in a dynamic global marketplace where we are engaging with consumers, health professionals, customers and other key stakeholders.
Around the world, Colgate is engaging with consum- ers in unique and innovative ways. In Asia, for example, multiple digital platforms including web sites, social media and mobile were used to support the launch of Colgate Total Charcoal Deep Clean toothpaste. The campaign features the message that Colgate Total Charcoal Deep Clean toothpaste reduces bacteria build-up by up to 90% more than regular fluoride toothpastes after 12 hours. In addition to online content marketing, in-store video game kiosks engaged shoppers to play a Colgate Total Charcoal Deep Clean branded tooth brushing game. The interac- tive game helped illustrate how the product worked and communicated its benefits. These activities contributed to market share gains for the brand throughout the region.
Equally important are initiatives that increase profes- sional recommendations for our products. Our toothpaste is already recommended by dentists worldwide more than twice the frequency of our nearest competitor. To engage with more dental professionals more frequently, we are us- ing the power of technology to supplement in-person vis- its. In Brazil, a country with one of the highest number of dentists per capita, we are using virtual detailing to reach dentists across the country without travel time or expense. This program has increased the number of “visits” per
day from 12 to 18 for each oral care consultant. At each
of these appointments, our oral care consultant spends
15 to 20 minutes with the professional virtually via phone and private internet link, explaining our products and their benefits. As a follow up, we send samples so that the professional can test the efficacy of Colgate products and subsequently recommend them.
With our retail customers, we are engaging with stores of all sizes to make sure our products are available, visible and irresistible. Especially valuable in emerging markets are our relationships with small rural shops whose own- ers have influence on their shoppers’ purchase decisions. We support small store owners with inventive customized programs that address their unique business challenges. These programs, which provide information on how to make our categories more relevant, focus on having the ideal assortment of products in each store and increasing visibility of our products at point of sale.
We are also engaging with key stakeholders in the area of sustainability. For example, Colgate actively participates in the Consumer Goods Forum, a global network of con- sumer goods manufacturers and retailers, and supports its collective commitments related to sustainability and climate change.
Innovation For Growth
Innovation is a key strategic initiative embedded in our culture and practiced in every function from marketing and the supply chain to finance and technology. Our approach to innovation closely aligns consumer insights with the product development process, underpinned by science. At our nine consumer innovation centers, strategically located to stay close to the consumer in different parts of the world, marketing and consumer insight professionals test and observe consumer behavior to learn how consumers live and what they want. Colgate scientists at our global and regional technology centers then combine this informa-
tion with scientific innovation to bring new products to life. Our innovation strategy casts a wide net, ensuring that we source innovative solutions and opportunities from a variety of external partnerships, which augment our strong internal capability.
A terrific example of breakthrough technology driving growth globally is Colgate Maximum Cavity Protection plus Sugar Acid Neutralizer toothpaste, the first and only anti-
POLAND
     16
17
NORTH AMERICA (18% of Net Sales)
LATIN AMERICA (28% of Net Sales)
  l Net sales increased 1.5% in 2014, organic sales grew 2.5% and foreign exchange was negative 1.0%.
l Operating profit was even with the prior year.
l Colgate Optic White, Colgate Enamel Health and Tom’s
of Maine toothpastes, Colgate Optic White Toothbrush
+ Built-In Whitening Pen, Colgate 360° Optic White and Colgate 360° Total Advanced Floss-Tip Bristles manual toothbrushes, Colgate Optic White and Colgate Total Last- ing White mouthwashes, Fabuloso Fiesta Orange liquid cleaner and Suavitel Fast Dry fabric conditioner contributed to volume growth in the U.S.
l Net sales decreased 5.0% in 2014, organic sales grew 9.0% and foreign exchange was negative 14.5%.
l Operating profit decreased 8%.
l Colgate Luminous White Advanced, Colgate Total Breath
Health and Colgate Maximum Cavity Protection plus Neutrazucar toothpastes, Colgate 360° Luminous White and Colgate Slim Soft manual toothbrushes, Colgate Plax 2 in 1 and Colgate Plax Fresh Tea mouthwashes, Protex Men and Protex Omega 3 bar soap, Suavitel Complete fabric conditioner and Axion Goodbye Odors dish liquid contributed to volume growth throughout the region.
EUROPE/SOUTH PACIFIC (20% of Net Sales)
l Net sales increased 0.5% in 2014, organic sales grew 1.5% and foreign exchange was negative 0.5%.
l Operating profit increased 9%.
l Colgate Max White One Optic and Colgate Maximum Cavity
Protection plus Sugar Acid Neutralizer toothpastes, Colgate 360° Interdental and Colgate Slim Soft Charcoal manual toothbrushes, Colgate Plax Deep Clean mouthwash, Sanex Dermo Protector and Palmolive Naturals shower gels, Ajax All Usage Gel liquid cleaner and Soupline Paradise Sensations fabric conditioner contributed to volume growth throughout the region.
  
cavity toothpaste that directly fights sugar acids in plaque, the leading cause of cavities. Now launched in more
than 50 countries, Colgate Maximum Cavity Protection plus Sugar Acid Neutralizer toothpaste is contributing to volume growth worldwide. Other innovations are targeted locally. For instance, Colgate introduced Colgate Active Salt Healthy White toothpaste in India. With its unique formula of salt and lemon, it removes yellowness from teeth and helps restore whiter teeth. Succeeding in Russia are Colgate Altai Herbs toothpaste and mouthwash, which contain herbs from the Altai region in Russia.
Bringing new science to market keeps Colgate ahead of the competition, and it can often be applied to more than one product. For example, Hill’s has leveraged the break- through technology in Hill’s Prescription Diet Metabolic, the first and only weight management food for dogs and cats with proven real-world results, for its wellness products Hill’s Science Diet Perfect Weight and Hill’s Ideal Balance Slim & Healthy. In another example, the application tech- nology developed for the Colgate Optic White Toothbrush + Built-In Whitening Pen is now being leveraged for sensitivity relief in Colgate Sensitive Pro-Relief Toothbrush + Built-In Sensitivity Relief Pen.
Innovation is also being applied in our business pro- cesses. We are using analytics in new ways to turn insights into actions quickly when developing new products and executing our go-to-market strategies. Considered a core competency at Colgate, we have a very simple approach
to analysis. First, build and enrich the data foundation. Then, standardize and automate the fundamentals so we can focus our attention on analytics which add value and deliver strategic solutions. Finally, leverage those analytics to accelerate growth on the ground. This is all supported by robust analytics technology.
For example, in South Africa, Colgate’s Protex anti- bacterial bar soap is the leading brand in a price-sensitive category that is very important to Colgate. The Company is using a new analytic tool that facilitates better pricing
decisions by comparing alternative promotional strategies. These actions contributed to strengthening Colgate’s bar soap leadership in South Africa, and its market share in that category increased by 60 basis points for the year.
Effectiveness And Efficiency
Generating savings to invest in growth is critical to Col- gate’s business success. Savings are realized through ongoing efficiency programs and through the 2012 Restruc- turing Program, a four-year Global Growth and Efficiency Program designed to improve the Company’s organization- al capabilities and streamline our cost structure.
The 2012 Restructuring Program is proceeding smoothly and, in fact, in 2014, was expanded to take advantage of additional savings opportunities. As a result of the expan- sion, we anticipate additional savings of $65 million, for
a total of $340-$390 million aftertax annually by the end of 2016, the fourth year of the program. Reinvestment is focused on innovation and brand building, enabling technology and analytics, digital engagement and driving growth in emerging markets.
Two significant initiatives in the program are expanding our use of commercial hubs, which cluster single-country subsidiaries into more efficient regional hubs, and expand- ing our Colgate business service centers to streamline our cost structure.
During 2014, we made great progress with these ef- forts. We established six hubs across Europe, and they are already driving greater efficiency throughout the region.
For example, prior to the formation of our Central Europe West hub, Austria, Germany and Switzerland, were using four different commercial-planning processes. Operating as a hub, the region is now aligned behind one improved planning process to develop more accurate production forecasts and greater operational efficiency. These activi- ties are leading to smarter and faster decision making on the ground and, in 2014, helped to increase operating profit margin for the Europe/South Pacific division by 200 basis points versus the prior year. Other hubs established in 2014
include the North Africa Middle East hub and the Greater Indo-China hub.
Similarly, Colgate’s regional business service centers are driving efficiency by standardizing and simplifying tasks on behalf of subsidiaries in an expanded range of func- tions including finance, customer service and logistics, master data management and analytics. All three centers, located in Warsaw, Poland, Mumbai, India, and Mexico City, Mexico, are now fully operational. Importantly, these centers are all co-located with other Colgate businesses and are staffed with Colgate employees.
Colgate’s traditional funding-the-growth cost-savings program also continues to generate significant savings for reinvestment. The program consists of many initiatives from all around the world that add up to several hundred million dollars of savings annually. One notable example is the in- stallation of new proprietary high-speed toothbrush tufting machines in our Sanxiao, China, plant which operate four times faster than traditional machines.
Leading To Win
We believe collaborative, ethical leadership is the founda- tion for Colgate’s success. Our corporate culture, guided by our values of Caring, Continuous Improvement and Global Teamwork, fosters responsible leadership at all levels within our organization. Leadership extends beyond delivering excellent business results to improving the lives of Colgate people and their families and of the consumers in the com- munities where Colgate sells its products.
Our commitment to building leadership at all levels is supported by a leadership development strategy that starts with offering continuous learning opportunities, providing constructive coaching and feedback, and leveraging the diversity of our people to drive strong performance. This fo- cus provides a competitive advantage by ensuring a robust talent pipeline to drive sustainable business growth.
Colgate has long focused on sustainability in many areas. We have made great strides toward our 2015 sustainability goals, and today Colgate people around the
world continue their hard work to meet those goals. In 2014, we released our 2015 to 2020 Sustainability Strat- egy, which includes a commitment to No Deforestation, a science-based climate goal, and other new commitments that will help us achieve shared value for both Colgate and the communities where we live and work. Today, the need for environmental, economic and social sustainability in our world has never been greater. Colgate people all over the world continue to join together to execute our sustainabil- ity strategy with commitments for the future that make us proud of what we do every day.
Looking Ahead
We are confident that Colgate is well positioned for long- term sustainable profitable growth. We are financially strong, are market leaders in many of our core categories around the world and have the right strategies in place to succeed. While we expect foreign currency volatility and economic and competitive challenges to continue in 2015, Colgate people have a long record of success in managing through such challenges and delivering results. Executing our proven strategies with focus and agility, Colgate people remain dedicated to getting done what we agree needs to get done to achieve our business goals.
Our new product pipeline is very full around the world, and our global restructuring program is on track and pro- ceeding smoothly. We also continue to be sharply focused on our aggressive funding-the-growth programs and our strategic worldwide pricing initiatives.
As we move ahead together, I wish to thank all Col- gate people worldwide for their personal commitment to achieving our goals with the highest ethical standards, and express appreciation for the support of our customers, suppliers, shareholders and directors.
Ian Cook
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
    AFRICA/EURASIA (7% of Net Sales)
    ASIA (14% of Net Sales)
 l Net sales increased 1.5% in 2014, organic sales grew 4.5% and foreign exchange was negative 3.0%.
l Operating profit increased 5%.
l Colgate Active Salt Healthy White, Colgate 360° Charcoal
Deep Clean, Colgate Optic White and Colgate Maximum Cavity Protection plus Sugar Acid Neutralizer toothpastes, Colgate Slim Soft Charcoal manual toothbrush, Colgate Plax Fresh Jasmine Tea and Colgate Plax Active Salt mouthwashes, and Palmolive Naturals shampoo and conditioner contributed to volume growth throughout the region.
l Net sales decreased 4.0% in 2014, organic sales grew 7.0% and foreign exchange was negative 11.0%.
l Operating profit declined 12%.
l Colgate Optic White Instant, Colgate Altai Herbs and
Colgate Maximum Cavity Protection plus Sugar Acid Neu- tralizer toothpastes, Colgate Slim Soft Charcoal manual toothbrush, Colgate Plax Altai Herbs mouthwash, Protex African Therapy bar soap, Palmolive Gourmet Spa liquid hand soap and Protex for Men shower gel contributed to volume growth throughout the region.
HILL’S PET NUTRITION (13% of Net Sales)
l Net sales increased 2.0% in 2014, organic sales grew 4.0% and foreign exchange was negative 2.0%.
l Operating profit increased 5%.
l Hill’s Prescription Diet Metabolic, Hill’s Science Diet
Perfect Weight, Hill’s Prescription Diet c/d Multicare Urinary Stress and Hill’s Ideal Balance contributed to sales in the U.S.
l Hill’s Prescription Diet Metabolic and Hill’s Science Plan Small & Miniature Breed contributed to sales internationally.
   18
19
CHINA
  