Letter to Our Shareholders

hrough well-executed sales contracts, careful management of resources and focus on our strategic plan, our Company was well-positioned to seize the significant opportunities at hand during 2004, allowing us to achieve all-time records for sales and earnings. The year was remarkable for Cleveland-Cliffs in just about every way. It represented not only the culmination of several years of strategic repositioning--creating vastly improved profitability, financial position, and opportunities for growth--but also the safest year in our history, a milestone of which we are extremely proud. Cleveland-Cliffs is today a revitalized organization poised for continued growth. We are excited about building on our solid foundation, and have the management expertise and skilled workforce to maintain our momentum in 2005 and beyond.

T

recent and ongoing capacity expansions, will increase to 38.7 million tons in the current year. Our owned share of that capacity has more than doubled during the same period from 11.4 million tons to 23.1 million tons, and will reach 24 million tons in 2005. Our projected 2005 production is already committed under existing long-term sales contracts.

"TURNING ADVERSITY INTO OPPORTUNITY"
--CLF 2002 Annual Report

REALIZING OUR VISION
Since implementation of our repositioning strategy, our vision has been clear: to transform our Company from primarily a mine manager and mineral fee holder to a larger merchant mining company. Our mission: to increase ownership in our managed projects, acquire additional capacity on an advantageous cost basis, seek opportunities to enter international markets, and continue to invest in our future. The ensuing years have validated our strategy. Cliffs' total managed annual capacity increased from 34.1 million tons at the end of 2000 to 37.7 million tons by year-end 2004 and, with

When challenged with the weakened economic environment and industry restructuring of the recent past, our organization acted decisively to turn adversity into opportunity, becoming a major consolidator in the North American iron ore industry. The steel company bankruptcies in which we participated, and there were many, ultimately resulted in an improved circumstance for Cleveland-Cliffs. For example: · In the cases of Rouge Steel (now Severstal North America) and WCI, not only were the contract terms improved, but we will also be able to recover 100 percent of the pre-petition claims as well as any outstanding debt that we were owed by the bankrupt companies. · In the case of Weirton Steel, the contract pricing was improved and we recovered most of the outstanding MABCO debt when this customer was acquired by International Steel Group (ISG).

2

"TURNING POINT"
--CLF 2003 Annual Report

The decision to acquire bankrupt iron mining assets at what were, we can now say with the benefit of hindsight, bargain prices has coincided perfectly with the consolidation of the North American steel industry and the explosive international growth of iron ore demand created by an expanding Chinese steel industry. These dramatic changes in the industry over the past few years are reflective of China's robust demand for iron ore as its infrastructure buildout and urbanization trends have accelerated. With back-to-back increases in Chinese steel production--21 percent in 2003 and 23 percent in 2004--China has been the predominant global importer of iron ore. Overall global steel production has followed suit, with seven percent and nine percent increases in 2003 and 2004, respectively. With worldwide iron ore demand exceeding supply, and the prospect of further growth in demand outstripping nearterm production capacity increases, in 2004, the international benchmark price for iron ore pellets increased more than in any of the past 10 years--over 20 percent--followed in 2005 by an 86 percent increase. The benefits of our repositioning efforts are being realized in sharply improved financial results. The pricing strength in our contracts enabled us to record 2004 sales and services revenues of $1.2 billion. Year over year, sales volume was up 18 percent and price realization was up 24 percent from 2003. Sales margins

John S. Brinzo

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

· The amazing story of ISG, which arose from the ashes of the LTV Steel bankruptcy, is now legendary and is central to Cliffs' recovery.

By 2003, we had reached a turning point from our Company's repositioning, and by 2004 had rebuilt our commercial base via entry into new long-term contracts at more favorable pricing--with steel company partners and customers that are financially far stronger than their predecessors had been for a generation. Essentially every contract that we have today was finalized, improved, or negotiated anew in the past four years.

3

Letter to Our Shareholders

improved dramatically during the year to $149.9 million, translating to a record $6.63 per ton even though mine operating costs increased as a result of higher energy, supply, and royalty escalation. The $166.3 million improvement realized in operating income, combined with gains on the sale of our directly held ISG stock and the reversal of a $113.8 million tax valuation allowance, produced fully diluted earnings per share of $11.80 in 2004 compared with a loss of $1.60 per share recorded in the preceding year. We are pleased to report that we are experiencing ongoing efficiency improvements. Unit labor productivity--up 25 percent over the past four years--helped to offset other cost increases. Additionally, we continued to make excellent progress toward achieving our goal to reduce our accident frequency index. Testifying to the individual effort being put forth by each of our employees and associates, we recorded our safest year ever. Cliffs' companywide index of 2.4 compared with 2.7 in 2003, and 5.8 five years ago. New labor agreements were reached at our North American facilities during the year. We successfully achieved contemporary contracts that will mutually benefit all the stakeholders in the mines we operate. These agreements will allow Cliffs to remain competitive and provide employees with significant benefits.

"BUILDING MOMENTUM"
--CLF 2004 Annual Report

Financially, Cliffs underwent a complete transformation as a result of a preferred stock issuance, monetizing the ISG investment, and strong cash flow from operations. We ended 2004 debt-free and with approximately $400 million in cash and marketable securities. The strength of our balance sheet and projected future cash flow enables us to further enhance shareholder value by pursuing attractive growth opportunities. We commenced a tender offer for Portman Limited in January of 2005. Portman, an independent iron ore mining and exploration company, is Australia's third-largest producer of iron ore, and has a $A55 million project underway to expand its production from six to eight million tonnes of direct-shipping fines and lump ore. The increased tonnage will begin to be realized by the end of 2005, with production fully committed to steel companies in China and Japan. The combined company will manage about 45 million tons of iron ore and pellet production. If the Portman shareholders accept out tender offer, the acquisition will be financed with existing cash and a new revolving credit facility. We are excited about the potential opportunities afforded by increasing our presence in the Asian steel and Australian iron ore industries.

4

SUMMARY AND OUTLOOK
The year 2004 brought much success for our Company as we recorded all-time highs for production and sales volumes, revenues, and earnings, while continuing to make progress on our strategic objectives. As we moved through the year, we reinstated a cash dividend on our common shares, and executed a two-for-one stock split with the goal of increasing our stock's liquidity and enhancing marketability. We capped the year by successfully renegotiating our contract with ISG to provide for a base price more reflective of current market conditions-- mitigating much of our downside risk, while retaining continuous upside potential based on steel pricing. I do not think that I can overstate the strategic importance of what we have been able to accomplish as a result of our repositioning efforts. In 2002, by turning adversity into opportunity, we were well positioned entering 2003 for what clearly became a turnaround year for Cleveland-Cliffs. Our evolution accelerated in 2004. Cliffs is now a revitalized organization, building on the momentum gained in recent years. We have solid, multi-year contracts with financially viable steel company customers, and our pricing terms are at much higher base prices with good escalation indices going forward. With economies around the world continuing to strengthen, growing steel demand, tightness

in iron ore supplies, and long-term contracts in place for all of our owned output, Cliffs entered 2005 poised for continuing successes. With the acquisition of Portman, we will further strengthen our presence in the fastest growing iron ore markets in the world. We are excited and energized as we open this next chapter and, as always, thank our employees for their tremendous efforts during the year, and you, our shareholders, for your continuing interest and support.

John S. Brinzo Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 1, 2005

5

