Dear Fellow Shareholder:
In 2014, the majority of our shareholders voted for change. This was a pivotal point in the history of Cliffs and redefined the course of the Company. It was a year of major momentum to transform Cliffs. Since taking office in August of 2014, I have the full support of a newly elected Board of Directors and a management team with a renewed sense of accountability. We made the strategic shift to become a company fully focused on our U.S. Iron Ore (USIO) business, and to no longer pursue the flawed strategy of becoming a "me-too" supplier competing in the volatile international seaborne iron ore market. As the largest iron ore producer in the United States, Cliffs is well-positioned to serve the North American steel producers. With the unique advantage of being the low-cost producer of pellets in this market, the fluctuations of the commoditized price of seaborne iron ore have a limited impact on us. The structure of our U.S. Iron Ore contracts, our protected geographical position in the Great Lakes and the value-added products we supply to our North American customers make our U.S. pellet plants very unique and valuable when compared to any other iron ore assets in the entire world. Since taking the helm, I have been executing a plan that fortifies our U.S. Iron Ore business, streamlines our portfolio of assets and allocates our capital in a much more disciplined manner. Our focus has been to strengthen the overall financial profile of the Company through measured actions to reduce debt, decrease overall spending, exit non-performing operations and shed non-core assets. We made huge progress in executing our strategy in 2014. We moved forward with our plans to exit all of our Canadian operations

C. Lourenco Goncalves

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

and dispose of all other Canadian assets. Regrettably for our shareholders, the Bloom Lake mine in Quebec, the Chromite project in Ontario and the Decar Nickel project in British Columbia produced no return. We have acted swiftly to suspend operations and sell assets. By year-end, we moved to close the idled Wabush mine and made the decision to idle the Bloom Lake mine in December 2014. In the first quarter of 2015, we put the Bloom Lake mine and related assets (the Bloom Lake Group) into a formal restructuring proceeding under the Companies' Creditors Arrangement Act (Canada) ("CCAA"). With the Bloom Lake Group effectively ring-fenced, Cliffs Natural Resources does not anticipate any exposure to the Bloom Lake creditors. Ultimately, the CCAA proceeding should result in a sale of all, or substantially all, of the Bloom Lake Group assets. Also important, the sale of Logan County Coal for $174 million closed at year-end. For our remaining two coal mines, Pinnacle in West Virginia and Oak Grove in Alabama, we are actively working to sell these assets. Supporting the divestiture of the coal business, our operational team has done an outstanding job cutting costs and operating with efficiency, despite the persistently depressed metallurgical coal pricing environment and the ongoing sale process. Despite the depressed pricing environment in 2014, our Asia Pacific Iron Ore (APIO) business was a profitable segment with strong cash flows throughout the year. As we consider selling, we will continue to operate APIO optimally for cash with very low total capital expenditures for the remaining life of the mine. We continue to aggressively cut costs and drive operations efficiencies in the face of multi-year lows in global iron ore pricing. We will do this while maintaining the integrity of the operation and meeting all of our environmental obligations.

2

CLIFFS 2014 A NN UA L R EP O RT

Financially, we delivered solid results during a year with a challenging macro-environment. We reported consolidated revenues of $4.6 billion with a full-year adjusted EBITDA of $930 million and $290 million of cash and cash equivalents in 2014. We are proactively managing our long-term debt. Cliffs had total net debt of $2.7 billion after paying down $300 million in debt from Q3 2014 through year-end. Our liability management exercises have continued into 2015, as Cliffs used cash from operations and proceeds of the Logan County Coal sale to repurchase over $200 million of public debt at steep discounts to par value. During the year, we focused on cost-cutting efforts to align our overhead structure and expenses with our decreasing operational footprint and made substantial progress reducing our capital expenditures. Our total capital spending was $284 million for the year, which was a decrease of $578 million from 2013. Our full-year 2014 SG&A was approximately $209 million, which included some one-time costs related to the proxy contest, change in control and severance. We reduced staffing and the use of outside services, and we consolidated office space at our corporate headquarters. These actions demonstrate our capital and cost discipline and how we are proactively managing our debt. On behalf of the Board of Directors, I want to thank the Cliffs team for their continued commitment and dedication to serving our clients during a challenging year. I am confident that we are executing the right strategy and making the right financial decisions to succeed in the marketplace. We are proud of what we have achieved so far, but recognize that there is much work to do to meet the aggressive goals we have set for ourselves. We are excited to drive Cliffs forward on a strategic path that restores and delivers value for our shareholders through strategic clarity, operational and financial discipline, and building on our core strengths. By refocusing on the same core strengths that have made Cliffs so resilient for over 165 years, we entered 2015 as a stronger company committed to being the major supplier of valued-added iron ore pellets to the North American steel industry. And I know that by working together, we will continue to deliver value for our clients and our shareholders in the coming year. Thank you very much for your great support. Sincerely,

Aggressively Pursuing Our Strategy


Focused on U.S. business


USIO has attractive pelletizing assets with low cash cost positions that have historically generated strong, stable cash flows



Reduced SG&A and capital expenditurestoreflectthisrefocus



Considering options for APIO


Will operate at lowest cost possible unless asset is sold (less than five years of life remaining) Managing for positive free cash flow





Exiting Canada ­ Bloom Lake is ring-fenced, Wabush Mine is idled, selling Chromite and Decar assets


Project significant savings in liabilities and other claims for Bloom Lake by filing for protection under the CCAA



Sold Logan County Coal operations


Exploring sale of remaining coal assets and committed to ensuring an acceptable value can be realized



Proactively managing debt and right-sizing the balance sheet


Through Senior Notes repurchases and paying down debt using liquidity, we have reduced debt by more than $450 million from Q3 2014 through mid-January 2015

C. Lourenco Goncalves Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

3

