Dear Stockholders,
The past year was marked by great achievement and positive momentum for CBLI. We secured our first contract that includes a conditional purchase order for CBLB502 from the Department of Defense (DoD), CBLB502 was granted Fast Track and Orphan Drug status by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), and we made significant advances in several of our development programs.

CBLB502
In September 2010, we announced a $45 million contract (including options), from the DoD to develop and stockpile CBLB502 as a medical radiation countermeasure. The contract included $14.8 million in funding for advanced development towards FDA licensure, as well as options for the purchase of $30 million of CBLB502 troop equivalent doses. In January 2011, we received a $1.6 million development contract from the Defense Threat Reduction Agency (DTRA) of the DoD to fund additional research into the pharmacodynamic profile of CBLB502, and to further define mediators of CBLB502's radiomitigating effects. These contracts bring the total amount of federal government funding awarded to us over the past four years for development of CBLB502 to potentially more than $50 million. In addition, we are currently awaiting final award of additional significant development funding for advanced development of CBLB502. In 2010, CBLB502 was granted Fast Track and Orphan Drug designations from the FDA for "reducing the risk of or preventing death following total body irradiation during or after radiation disaster." The FDA Fast Track program is designed to facilitate the development and expedite the review of new drugs that are intended to treat serious or life-threatening conditions and that demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs. Such programs include expanded communications (both verbal and written), rolling Biologic License Application (BLA) submission and reviews, priority review and accelerated drug approval. The FDA Orphan Drug program provides incentives for sponsors to develop products for rare diseases. Such incentives include extended marketing exclusivity, waiver of BLA filing user fees, grant funding to defray the cost of clinical testing, tax credits for the costs of clinical research and assistance in clinical research study designs. As we have previously stated, CBLB502 is being developed under the FDA's Animal Efficacy Rule. This approval pathway requires demonstration of efficacy in representative animal models and safety, pharmacokinetic, pharmacodynamic, and biomarker testing in healthy human subjects. In September 2010, we announced top line results of the second human safety study for CBLB502 in 100 healthy subjects. Administration of CBLB502 resulted in a rapid and potent cytokine and hepatic immunologic response, similar to that seen in the prior clinical trial and in previously conducted non-human primate studies. These physiologic responses provide the basis for the very significant protective effect of CBLB502 against high and otherwise fatal radiation doses. As with the previous trial, the primary adverse event associated with CBLB502 administration was a transient flu-like syndrome, which was generally resolved within 24 hours. There was no significant difference in the adverse event profile between the doses tested; however, the study did demonstrate a difference in biomarker response proportional to the dose applied as single intramuscular injections of CBLB502, which was the primary goal of the trial. We are currently using these results and other data to design a larger, definitive safety trial in cooperation with the FDA, as well as the remaining pivotal animal efficacy studies necessary for a BLA submission. Medical development of CBLB502 made some great strides forward, as well. Earlier this year, we announced preclinical data suggesting that CBLB502 may have direct anticancer effect in several transplanted cancer

2

2010 Annual Report

models grown in mice and rats including colon and lung cancer, lymphoma and melanoma. In one of the animal models of transplanted colon cancer, CBLB502 treatment resulted in complete tumor regression with no recurrence of the disease in a large percentage of animals. We believe that clinical development of CBLB502's potential immunotherapy effects may be pursued in parallel to or in some cases as part of, our prior plan for supportive care applications, and we are in the process of finalizing some new and modified clinical trial protocols to integrate this important new opportunity. Our goal is to begin one or two Phase I/II trials in cancer patients at Roswell Park Cancer Institute this year, studying tolerability and supportive care and tumor regression as prospective endpoints.

Curaxins
In April 2010, we announced the official launch of Incuron, LLC, a majority-owned joint venture between CBLI and Bioprocess Capital Ventures, a Russian Federation venture capital fund. We are pleased to report that work on the two families of Curaxin compounds is moving forward. In November 2010, Incuron dosed the first patient in a multi-center trial of Curaxin CBLC102 (quinacrine) in patients with liver tumors in the Russian Federation. The study is an open-label, dose escalation, Phase 1b safety and tolerability study in patients with liver metastases of solid tumors of epithelial origin or primary advanced hepatic carcinoma for which standard therapy has failed or does not exist. The primary objective of the study is to determine the maximum tolerated dose and dose limiting toxicity in patients receiving CBLC102. Secondary objectives of the study include describing the safety profile and pharmacokinetics of, and the response of patients to, CBLC102. Dosing in this study is progressing and we hope to report results around the end of the year. Formal preclinical work on the second generation of Curaxin compounds continues to advance, as well, with the goal of filing an IND to begin clinical studies in both the United States and Russia.

CBLB612
The work on CBLB612, a drug in development for stimulation of hematopoietic stem cell proliferation and mobilization to peripheral blood, is moving ahead through our licensing agreement with Zhejiang Hisun Pharmaceutical Co., a leading pharmaceutical manufacturer in the People's Republic of China. We believe that our current cash reserves will enable us to accelerate development of this program and support formal preclinical development efforts towards an IND here in the United States, as well.

Corporate
With more than $15 million on our balance sheet between cash and receivables and significant federal government and partner funding support, we believe CBLI is well positioned to further advance all of our development programs and capitalize on opportunities in the coming year. We believe that our accomplishments have increased recognition of CBLI among global scientific and commercial peers and we look forward to continuing this trend in 2011. We remain committed to increasing long-term shareholder value and greatly appreciate your continued support. Sincerely,

Michael Fonstein, Ph.D. Chief Executive Officer and President Cleveland BioLabs, Inc.

2010 Annual Report

3

