Chairman's Letter to Shareholders

I

am pleased to report that 2005 proved to be an exceptional year by almost any measure. Consider the following results: ·O  perating income was $357 million, three times higher than in 2004; · Net income was $278 million: ­ 2.5 times higher than in 2004, excluding the special gains from sale of ISG stock and a deferred tax valuation reversal; and ­ five to six times higher than our peak earnings during the `90s; · Total revenues reached $1.7 billion; and · As this letter goes to print, the company's fully diluted equity market value stands at $2.4 billion, nearly 10 times higher than it was in 2003.

To say that 2005 was a busy year for Cliffs is an understatement. We acquired 80.4 percent of Portman in April for a total cost of approximately $433 million, using a portion of a new $350 million unsecured revolving credit facility to finance the transaction. Borrowings were subsequently repaid, and we are again essentially debt free. The Portman acquisition served to further diversify our existing customer base and, with its sales to Chinese and Japanese steel mills, established Cliffs as an integral presence in these key markets.

Continued strength in North American contract prices, the contribution from our Australian segment, and sales of approximately 1.3 million tons at attractive spot prices resulted in a 45 percent increase in consolidated revenues to an all-time company high of $1.7 billion. Consolidated sales margins improved as a result of the higher average iron ore prices, reaching $389 million How did this happen? This remarkable financial compared with 2004's $150 million. Sales margins turnaround occurred as a result of keen foresight by your were tempered somewhat Board and management, solid by higher cost of goods execution of mine ownership "We are proud of the record results our sold--primarily energy-- and ore sales arrangements, and increased operating and a healthy dose of luck! operations have generated during the past expenses during the year. year, and as we enter 2006, remain committed to Operating income tripled Fewer than five years ago--at to $357 million from last a time when the domestic ensuring attractive shareholder returns." year's record $118 million. integrated steel industry was locked in a battle for survival-- Net income for 2005 was $278 million, or $9.97 Cliffs was engaged in the initial steps of a dramatic per diluted share, compared with 2004 net income of reorganization that would establish the company not $324 million, or $11.80 per diluted share. This year's only as North America's largest supplier of iron ore, but financial performance benefited from higher North also an international merchant mining company well American sales margins and the contribution from positioned to serve a revitalized and stronger global Portman. Last year's results benefited from two large steel industry. During that time, we took advantage special items, our sale of ISG common stock and a tax of the highly distressed value of North American iron valuation allowance reversal, which together totaled ore interests and added 10.8 million tons to our sales approximately $213 million after taxes. Excluding capacity for a very modest investment. Today, our six these two items, 2005 net income grew by $167 mines account for approximately 46 percent of North million--more than 150 percent. American capacity; and we now control Australia's third-largest iron ore operation, Portman Limited, In addition to our recent financial accomplishments, providing us with a direct channel to the world's most we are also proud of other recognitions received during rapidly growing steel markets. the year, such as our selection to the Forbes Platinum 400 list and Institutional Shareholder Services' (ISS) As we were adding to our capacity, few foresaw the corporate ethics ranking. As of January 1, 2006, our impact that the rapidly developing steel industry in score on ISS' Corporate Governance Quotient was China would have on our industry. The combination of better than 99.8 percent of companies in the S&P more sales capacity and a more than doubling of the SmallCap 600 Index and greater than 99.8 percent of international iron ore price created a major lift in the all Material companies reviewed by ISS. earning power of the company.



Expanding Our Management Team
Cliffs continues to invest in talented people and programs designed to enhance the organization. During the year, we took several key personnel actions, including the appointment of former Rio Tinto veteran Joseph Carrabba as Cliffs' president and chief operating officer. We are delighted to have Joe on board, and he will expand on our operational results and initiatives in the pages that follow. In 2005, we were pleased to welcome two eminently qualified individuals to the Cliffs Board of Directors. Barry Eldridge, Portman's former managing director and chief executive officer, joined us in July. He brings to the table comprehensive knowledge of Australian natural resources as well as an international viewpoint gleaned through nearly 40 years' experience spanning all levels of the international mining business. The most recent addition to our Board is Susan Cunningham, Noble Energy's senior vice president of exploration and corporate reserves, a good fit for our company as we seek to expand our opportunities globally.

At year-end, Cliffs had $203 million of cash, cash equivalents, and short-term marketable securities. The strength of our balance sheet provides the wherewithal to meet current and future needs and the ability to pursue complementary alliances, such as the Mesabi Nugget project, as well as other opportunities. However, we do not subscribe to growth for growth's sake, and will pursue these opportunities only when they make sense for the long-term success of the company. As always, our aim is to sell all of our production capacity; however, we see our North American sales volume declining this year by a little more than one million tons from 2005 due to Mittal Steel's recent decision to close its Weirton steelmaking operations. On the other hand, our Australian sales volume should increase about three million tons as we bring on the capacity expansion around the end of the first quarter. Cliffs' share of consolidated 2006 sales volume is expected to be about 29 million tons, up approximately two million tons from that of 2005. We are proud of the record results our operations have generated during the past year, and as we enter 2006, remain committed to ensuring attractive shareholder returns. We would like to thank our shareholders, employees, and other stakeholders for their loyal support and look forward to reporting our progress in 2006.

Outlook
While industry consolidation and strong demand for steel have significantly improved North American iron and steel industry economics, we remain challenged by escalating energy and material costs. We will need to have continued strong steel pricing and higher international iron ore prices in order to maintain sales margins. The potential to further enhance shareholder value is substantial as many Asian steel producers are seeking to lock in long-term supply of raw materials. This environment bodes particularly well for Cliffs in that its concentrating and pelletizing expertise is ideally suited to play a potential role in the future development of the global iron ore industry. China's steel-production growth rate continues to show signs of strength and its subsequent raw-material requirements will need to increase. Correspondingly, global iron ore demand and prices are expected to remain firm. While international mining companies are increasing iron ore production capacity, future supply growth appears to correlate well with projected growth in demand.

John S. Brinzo Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 3, 2006



President's Letter to Shareholders

D

uring recent months, I have had the pleasure of visiting all of Cliffs' operating facilities and the opportunity to witness firsthand the professionalism of its employees. The level of industry expertise being deployed throughout our organization and the steadfast commitment to Cliffs' success exhibited by all of its constituents are inspiring. The financial and operating results achieved in 2005 are due in large part to the strength and efforts of our dedicated employees. I am pleased to provide an operational review highlighting our successes and opportunities for improvement.

is expected to be approximately 23 percent. This new plant will use innovative technology to convert iron concentrates into high-grade iron nuggets for potential use as a replacement for steel scrap as a raw material for electric arc furnaces, among other applications. We made several changes to our operating management teams in 2005. In September, Steven Elmquist was appointed chief technical officer. This newly created position is critical as Cliffs seeks to use its technical and financial capabilities to grow and to serve the expanding Asian steel industry. In our mining operations, Mike Mlinar was named general manager of Northshore. He was replaced at Hibbing Taconite by Ed LaTendresse, and at United Taconite by Todd Roth. Jack Tuomi has taken responsibility for Wabush with his appointment as vice president - Wabush Mines and energy management.

Cliffs' domestic managed pellet capacity increased by one million tons as a result of an expansion at United Taconite, our joint venture with Laiwu Steel. With the restart of the second line at United, Cliffs' share of North American pellet production reached Cliffs' operations continue to be managed vigilantly a record 22.1 million tons with sales approximating to mitigate the impact from higher energy costs. 22.3 million tons. Production of direct-shipping fines During 2005, unit operating and lump ore totaled 5.2 million costs increased by an average metric tons in Australia from the "we continue to advance our goal of 14 percent from 2004. March 31, 2005 acquisition Excluding energy inflation, our through year-end, with sales of better serving the evolving costs would have been up by from that segment approximating global steel industry." approximately eight percent. 4.9 million metric tons. The Cost-improvement programs expansion underway at Portman have been established that emphasize usage of will increase annualized capacity to eight million metric alternative lower-cost fuel sources where feasible and tons by the end of the first quarter. minimizing consumption at all domestic operations, with dedicated teams in place to coordinate these The State of Minnesota approved permitting to restart initiatives. Energy prices have come off their recent additional concentrate and pellet capacity at Northshore highs; however, we will continue to explore various Mining. However, given the current balance between "clean" coal fuel technologies and alternate fuel our North American sales tonnage and production, sources such as low-BTU synthetic gas and lower-cost we deferred our planned restart of Furnace No. 5 at Western coals to manage long-term energy costs. Other Northshore. The additional concentrate capacity, business improvement initiatives focused on further however, will provide us the ability to supply the improving efficiencies and reducing expenditures contemplated Mesabi Nugget commercial facility. include strategic sourcing and electronic procurement, shared best practices, and potential pellet plant Early in 2006, the Board approved $50 million projects designed to increase consistency within and in investments and capital expenditures for the among our operations, thereby enhancing throughput Mesabi Nugget Project, including $25 million to and decreasing unit cost. expand Northshore's capacity to provide the iron ore concentrate. Cliffs' equity interest in the joint venture



The measure of overall operational success is linked not only to quality, cost and productivity, but also to demonstrated excellence in the area of safety. Over the past several decades, significant industry-wide progress has been made in the way mine operators view safety and the efforts to provide the safest working environment possible. Mines are unquestionably safer than they once were, even when compared with other heavy industries. According to the Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA), the industry frequency rate for total reportable accidents for U.S. mines, mills, and shops (excluding coal) was 3.96 per 200,000 employee hours worked in 2005. While in comparison Cliffs' incident rate of 2.56 was significantly better than the overall industry, it falls short of our goal and reflects a tragic accident that occurred at one of the Michigan mining operations in which an employee was fatally injured. We have redoubled our safety and health efforts through our "Road to Zero" Safe Production campaign, which focuses on risk assessment and re-education with participation and accountabilities spanning the organization. On a brighter note, we continue to advance our goal of better serving the evolving global steel industry. While we still have much to accomplish in our quest to become a larger, more profitable international merchant mining organization, I am encouraged by our progress thus far, and by the exciting prospects ahead.

Joseph A. Carrabba President and Chief Operating Officer March 3, 2006



