H HAREHOLDERS
The year 2006 was another exceptional one for Cleveland-Cliffs, as disciplined planning and favorable trends combined to produce record revenues and the highest operating income in Company history. Consolidated revenues set new highs every quarter in 2006, culminating in full-year sales reaching $1.9 billion for the fi rst time ever. Average per-ton sales revenues for our North American pellets rose 9.3 percent, and the revenue per metric ton for our Asia-Pacific operation was up approximately 16.6 percent from 2005 levels. Full-year operating income totaled $366 million, up from $357 million in 2005, and net income increased to $280 million, up from 2005's $278 million. Optimizing Opportunities... Today's Cleveland-Cliffs is a vital and growing mining company with a solid North American franchise and expanding global assets. Our industry has emerged from the dramatic changes of the past several years stronger and better positioned for profitability and growth than at any other time in recent memory. Restructuring transactions since the beginning of 2002 have significantly increased Cliffs' sales volume and positioned the Company to serve the revitalized and stronger steel industry. Of the 11 iron ore mines in North America, we manage six. In 2006, Cliffs' mines accounted for approximately 46 percent of North American pellet production--28 percent for its own account--earning Cliffs the number one market-share position in North America. Internationally, our presence now extends to Australia, Latin America, and Asia. We remain committed to further deploying our Company's unique mining and processing knowledge to maximize shareholder value. We continue to explore ways to further increase the efficiency and productivity of existing operations, and to seek prospects for expansion in the growing international steelmaking materials industry. ...in North America North America remains the core of Cliffs' business. Pellets from our operations are currently being consumed by nearly all North American integrated steel producers, and virtually all of our annual North American pellet capacity is now committed under long-term contracts. Three serious incidents occurred at Cliffs' facilities during 2006, which tragically resulted in fatalities. Safety is a core value at Cliffs, and we strive to ensure that safe production is the number one priority for all employees. Workers at all levels of the organization have intensified efforts to ensure a zero-accident environment through continuing education and diligent implementation of established loss-prevention principles. Production at our Tilden mine was lower in 2006 due to unplanned equipment repairs and a change in the production mix. Wabush's production was also hampered by mining diffi culties associated with pit dewatering. At United Taconite, production fell following the

2

Optimizing Opportunities in North America and Around the World

accident at the processing plant; however, repairs to the plant were completed and full production resumed in January 2007. Pellet inventory stood at 3.8 million tons at year-end, versus 3.3 million tons at the start of the year. We decided to move ahead in 2006 with the repair and restart of idled Northshore Mining Furnace No. 5, estimated to add 800,000 tons of pellet capacity annually commencing early in 2008. This additional output will augment our ability to satisfy customers' current and future requirements according to our long-term sales agreements. Although we continue to experience cost pressure in our business, we have begun to realize a positive effect from the efforts of our cost-initiative teams. Resultant internal cost effi ciencies, combined with modestly lower-than-expected energy costs during 2006, yielded year-over-year unit production costs escalation of 13 percent in North America. On the environmental front, we made considerable progress during the year, including the installation of state-of-the-art emission controls and operating systems to implement the Taconite Maximum Achievable Contol Technology (MACT) Rule. In Michigan, reclamation efforts were successfully completed at the former Republic Mine, allowing for the initiation of future development of the site. In addition, an agreement was reached with the State of Michigan to address impairment issues related to Deer Lake in Michigan's Upper Peninsula that will restore and protect the lake and provide recreational opportunities to the public. Cliffs takes its environmental responsibilities seriously and works to not only meet, but exceed regulatory standards. Always an innovator in iron-ore mining and processing, Cliffs also remains active in the development of technologies for alternative metallic products. We are disappointed that Cliffs will not participate in the Mesabi Nugget Project due to the inability of the parties to arrive at mutually agreeable commercial terms. Having built and operated the pilot nugget plant utilizing Kobe Steel's ITmk3 technology, we see the technology's signifi cant potential and the opportunity to diversify our customer mix with the addition of electric furnace operators. We are currently evaluating opportunities to proceed with the development of a commercial-scale reduced iron plant that will convert taconite into nearly pure iron in nugget form using this technology. ...Around the World Our efforts to play an ever-greater role in supplying the fastest growing steel markets in the world continue. Our 2005 purchase of Portman--which sells roughly 80 percent of its iron ore to steel mills in China, the world's largest consumer-- was just the first step of our international expansion strategy. Late last year, growth opportunities led us to the Brazilian iron ore market. Cliffs acquired a 30 percent ownership position in the Amapá iron ore project, which includes significant reserves, a 192 kilometer railway and 71 hectares of real estate earmarked for an ore loading terminal. Anticipated annual production of 6.5 million tonnes of iron ore concentrate is fully committed pursuant to a long-term supply agreement with a Bahrain-based customer. The transaction closed in March 2007 and we made an initial investment of $133 million. Subsequently, we have made an additional capital contribution of $27 million. Cliffs' remaining share of project capital is expected to be $80 million in 2007, which will be funded with project debt. The remaining 70 percent of the project is owned by MMX Mineração e Metálicos SA. MMX is providing corporate and institutional support while Cliffs supplies technical expertise for construction and operation. Subsequent to year-end, Cliffs' acquired a 45 percent economic interest in the Sonoma Coal Project, located at the northern end of Queensland, Australia's Bowen Basin coalfi elds. Sonoma currently has estimated reserves of 107 million tonnes. Our participation represents our first seaborne coking coal endeavor, and serves as yet another springboard for growth. The Sonoma Project is expected to produce two million tonnes of marketable coal annually, beginning late this year, and plans call for output to increase to between three million and four million tonnes during 2008. Cliffs' investment in this project is expected to total approximately $130 million.
3

Building on Today's Strong Foundation to Create the Cliffs of Tomorrow

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS

CONTINUED

We are excited about these high-potential projects, which further diversify and enhance our participation in the global steel industry. Building on Today's Strong Foundation... In 2006, we took a number of actions to solidify our Company while continuing to advance our goal of enhancing shareholder value. It is our objective to not only redeploy profits to ensure future growth, but also to return a portion to shareholders. To that end, we announced a 25 percent increase in our common stock dividend and a 1.25-million-share (pre-split) repurchase authorization in May 2006. The share repurchase was fully executed prior to our two-for-one stock-split distribution on June 30, 2006, and was followed by an additional two-million-share (post-split) buy-back authorization in July. By year-end, we had repurchased 0.7 million shares and had 1.3 million shares remaining under that authorization. During 2006, Cliffs spent more than $120 million to repurchase common stock. We entered into a new $500 million revolving credit agreement, which replaced our prior $350 million revolving credit facility that was set to expire in March 2008. As of May 25, 2007, there were $135 million of borrowings outstanding on the new facility. Marking another phase of our long-term growth strategy, we instituted a corporate realignment that increases not only operational efficiencies, but also the flexibility to optimally allocate our resources with our existing operations and potential opportunities. Under our new structure, each business unit is responsible for managing its individual operational activities while benefiting from the general support provided by our shared services groups. Donald Gallagher heads our primary business unit in his new capacity as president--North American iron ore, with William Calfee, executive vice president--commercial, and Duke Vetor, vice president--operations, supporting the unit in their respective roles. Heading the newly established Cliffs Asia-Pacific unit is former Portman Managing Director Richard Mehan, who brings extensive hands-on experience in the global mining business to this new position. In addition to Richard's continuing oversight and board responsibilities at Portman, he will manage Cliffs' interest in the Sonoma Project, as well as coordinating other potential opportunities in the region, from his base in Perth, Australia. We opened two new offi ces to support our infrastructure. Our Duluth, Minnesota, facility houses shared services groups supporting both the North American and Asia-Pacifi c units, and a new headquarters for Cliffs International Mineração Brasil, Ltda. in Rio de Janeiro is providing technical and administrative support for Cliffs' assets in Latin America. Cliffs continued to attract and partner with exceptional people in 2006, evidenced by the successful recruitment of former STERIS Corporation SVP-CFO Laurie Brlas as the Company's new senior vice president--chief financial officer and treasurer. With an accounting and fi nancial career spanning more than 20 years at other publicly traded global companies, Laurie is an excellent addition as we accelerate implementation of our growth strategy. ...to Create the Cliffs of Tomorrow. The 2006 negotiated pellet price settlements resulted in seaborne fines and lump ore prices increasing by 19 percent, and a 3.5 percent decline for seaborne pellets. However, despite the lower settlement price for pellets, the impact from such other factors as steel prices and PPI indices allowed Cliffs to realize an average unit-price increase of 9.3 percent on its North American pellets. Strong pricing should persist in 2007. Settlement negotiations resulting in 9.5 percent increases for seaborne fines and lump ore bode well for Portman's average pricing. Price settlements announced for blast furnace pellets call for a 5.8 percent increase, resulting in a net positive impact on our pellet pricing.

4

China's steel-production growth rate looks to remain strong for both the near- and mid-terms, and its raw-material requirements will continue to increase, albeit at constrained rates compared with the recent past. Correspondingly, global demand for steelmaking materials and prices are expected to remain firm, all promising developments for the industry and Cliffs. Cliffs' share of North American pellet production volume for 2007 is expected to be 22 million tons. We forecast Portman's production volume of seaborne fi nes and lump ore to be approximately eight million metric tons. While continuing to address cost pressures, we are also working hard to ensure future profitable growth. Ongoing capital investments at our North American mines are targeted at strengthening our facilities, and include the purchase of new, more efficient equipment. Also underway are initiatives aimed at securing the availability of a well-qualified workforce. To that end, Cliffs is now partnering with local colleges and universities to expand relevant curricula, technical training, and recruitment as part of its manpower planning strategy. While the heart of our operations remains North America, we will continue to consider opportunities for expansion globally, choosing a fl exible, yet disciplined, approach for the future. Acquiring controlling or minority stakes in additional iron ore or steel-related resource opportunities in Australia, Latin America, and Asia are all under consideration. Any prospects we engage must not only enhance our existing strengths, but contribute ultimately to the profitability and overall health of our Company. Entering 2007, consistently robust industry conditions persist. Solid and sustainable business fundamentals in combination with international diversification have positioned our Company well, particularly as the commodity cycle continues to strengthen. Supply remains tight, and our markets are growing. All of these circumstances look very good for Cliffs and for our shareholders, and we look forward to reporting future progress. Sincerely,

As I look back on Cliffs' remarkable heritage, it becomes even more meaningful when I consider that, in 160 years, only nine chief executive officers have preceded me in my current role. Cliffs is a Company with a rich past and a tremendous future thanks to the commitment and dedication of leaders such as these. I am truly honored to have had the opportunity to work with John Brinzo and to serve such a dynamic Company as Cliffs. Backed by the outstanding efforts of our employees and the ongoing support of our shareholders, I look forward to reporting a continuing legacy of success in the years ahead. Joseph A. Carrabba

Joseph A. Carrabba Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer May 25, 2007

5

