TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS:
By almost every measure, the past year was our finest ever. We delivered record financial results and successfully executed against our multi-year strategic plan, centered on building unique, market-leading solutions which are fueled by gold-standard data assets, patent-protected analytics and ``must-have'' data-enabled services. Our success is the result of a singular focus on helping our clients make smarter decisions through innovative, data-driven insights. Everyone on the CoreLogic team is driven by a boundless passion to achieve our vision of delivering unique property-level insights that power the global real estate economy. Our core solutions sit at the heart of the global housing ecosystem. Our Property Intelligence (PI) segment is a global leader in residential property data, analytics, valuations solutions and related workflow services. Our Risk Management and Workflow (RMW) segment provides an unmatched array of data-enabled origination and underwriting services, property tax payment processing, compliance and mortgage technology solutions. Our insights and solutions are deeply embedded in our clients' most critical workflows. This positions CoreLogic to help our clients build their businesses and assess and manage risk twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week. Over the past five years, we have delivered strong and consistent revenue, profit and cash flow growth. A foundation of our success has been our ability to expand revenues in areas where we can secure market leadership and scale. In addition, our focus on data, analytics and data-enabled solutions has fostered a higher level of subscription-based revenues with favorable profitability and cash-flow characteristics. Since 2011, our first full year as a publicly-traded company, we have increased revenues at a compounded rate of 12%, adjusted EBITDA by 15% and adjusted EPS by 31%. At the same time, we returned more than $1.0 billion in capital to our stockholders. It's worth noting that we achieved our successful and rapid transformation into a global leader providing ``must-have'' data-driven property insights during a period of significant macro-economic pressures, regulatory uncertainty and housing and mortgage market-specific headwinds. Despite these pressures, we invested to build high operating leverage in our core business units and improved our quality and service levels. We also materially upgraded our technology and compliance platforms and created a world-class innovation capability that should help to secure our market leadership well into the future. As I mentioned at the beginning of this letter, CoreLogic delivered exceptional results in 2016. Operationally, we strengthened our market leadership across our core businesses, launched our strategic imperative to achieve process transformation in the property valuations space, and accelerated our organic growth rates. During the year, we also bolstered our long-term competitive advantages by further extending our operational excellence, enhancing our product development pipeline and expanding our data and technology innovation center -- in terms of capability and geographic footprint. These data and technology investments will help us to accelerate innovation and productivity and reach our full potential. Our more significant 2016 financial highlights are:  Revenues up 28% to $1,953 million, driven by double-digit growth in the PI segment and strong organic growth in the RMW segment,  Operating income from continuing operations up 35% to $275 million on revenue gains and cost management,  Adjusted net income was up 26% to $216 million and adjusted EPS grew 27% to $2.42,  Adjusted EBITDA was up 18% to $500 million, and adjusted EBITDA margin was 26%, and  We repurchased 5 million shares for $195 million or 59% of our total free cash flow. In many ways, 2016 was also a very important year of progress in the recovery of the housing economy. Prices and home equity levels were up and the mortgage market in the U.S. continued to transition from its dependence on high levels of refinancing to a purchase-driven cycle. We believe this transition will largely be complete in 2017. We expect purchase mortgage volumes in 2017 to increase from 2016 levels

fueled by growth in population and first-time home buyers plus fewer cash purchases. Millennials are also becoming an increasing source of new housing demand. We believe that the U.S. mortgage market's return to a purchase-driven foundation is good news in the medium and longer term for CoreLogic and the industry. The end of the refinancing boom of the last five years, although challenging in 2017, sets the stage for a more predictable and sustainable growth pattern in U.S. mortgage volumes in the years ahead. Based on our research, the ongoing growth in home purchase activity and a return to a normalized level of refinancing supports a ``new-normal'' mortgage market of $1.5 to $1.75 trillion. This bodes well for our future as we have an established track record of consistently outperforming market volume trends as well as making smart acquisitions. Looking ahead to 2017 and beyond, I believe CoreLogic's opportunities for growth and value creation have never been greater. Housing market participants need, more than ever, greater insights and significantly better tools to make effective decisions -- efficiently and quickly -- in prospect identification, underwriting, as well as continuous risk management and monitoring. We have the operational scale, deep domain expertise, and technology and innovation platforms necessary to generate truly leading-edge solutions. Our data-driven insights and solutions make us a compelling strategic partner for established and emerging participants in the global housing economy that want the very best processes and decision-making tools and insights. To reach our fullest potential, we will focus on the following business imperatives over the next several years:  Transform our key markets through technology and data innovation,  Expand leadership in Property Intelligence though ``must-have'' industry-standard solutions,  Aggressively diversify our vertical and geographic footprint,  Drive to be the highest quality provider with a passion for continuous improvement, and  Embed simple, nimble and scalable organization structures and business processes. These imperatives will help CoreLogic build on the foundations we have already put in place. The pace of change in our core markets is accelerating and we are uniquely positioned to benefit from a more data-driven and technology-enabled world. I believe our 2016 performance demonstrates the value creation opportunities inherent in our strategic plan and our consistently strong operational execution. Our successful transformation into a high-performing global leader would not have been possible without the dedicated efforts of our employees and the consistent support of clients and stockholders - THANK YOU! Finally, I would like to dedicate this letter and annual report to my predecessor and partner for the past six years, Anand Nallathambi, who passed away on March 2, 2017. Anand was an exceptional man who guided CoreLogic's evolution into an innovative market leader. He was a great friend and I cherish the time we had together.

8MAR201723441792
Frank Martell President & Chief Executive Officer

