TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS: Our vision at CoreLogic is to deliver unique property-level insights that power the global real estate economy. Over the past few years, we have pursued the realization of our vision by executing a strategic transformation program centered on our unique, market-leading solutions, which are based on gold-standard data assets, patent-protected analytics and "must-have" data-enabled services. Our strategic plan consists of the following five pillars:      Build out unique, market-leading, data-driven solution sets in our Data & Analytics (D&A) and Technology and Processing Solutions (TPS) segments; Enhance and grow existing core mortgage-related services and build meaningful scale in insurance, geo-spatial solutions and international businesses; Drive operational excellence and progressive margin expansion; Continue investment in the Technology Transformation Initiative (TTI) to support future growth and efficiency; and Build financial flexibility and consistently return capital to our stockholders.

By almost every measure, CoreLogic has become a higher-growth, higher-margin enterprise over the past three years. We have focused relentlessly on building unique, data-enabled insights and services as well as excellence in our operating segments. Our D&A segment is a global leader in residential property data, analytics and related workflow services. Our TPS segment is the acknowledged gold standard in data-enabled services focused on origination and underwriting services, property tax payment processing, compliance and mortgage technology solutions. Our market-leading property insights and solutions are deeply embedded in our clients' most critical workflows. This positions CoreLogic to help our clients build their business and assess and manage risk twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week. We have achieved this success at a time of significant macro-economic pressures and market-specific headwinds in the U.S. housing and mortgage industries. During 2014, U.S. mortgage volumes contracted by approximately 40 percent as the industry transitioned from a refinancing-driven to a purchase-driven market cycle. Despite these headwinds, CoreLogic revenues remained constant compared to 2013, and we continued to advance many important elements of our strategic plan. Importantly, we have set the stage for accelerating our growth and additional stockholder value creation in the future. During 2014, we made significant progress on our long-established goal of growing the D&A segment to over 50 percent of our total revenues. For the full year of 2014, D&A accounted for approximately 46 percent of total revenues. Over the past year, the D&A segment grew at double-digit rates as we added significant scale in our insurance and geo-spatial operations and our international businesses. Growing our insurance and geo-spatial revenues adds adjacent vertical strength to our leadership presence in mortgage and real estate markets and helps us mitigate real estate-related cyclicality. The acquisition of Marshall & Swift/Boeckh (MSB) early in 2014 added property-related replacement cost data and analytics to our data assets for the insurance and housing industry. The addition of MSB more than doubles our revenues in the insurance vertical. In 2014, CoreLogic revenues from geo-spatial and insurance-related businesses accounted for almost 8 percent of our total revenues. We also expanded our international operations, which are primarily D&A-focused, through product innovation and growth in market share among lenders and real estate brokers. In 2014, our international revenues increased approximately 40 percent and now account for 10 percent of our total revenues -- up from about 5 percent just three years ago. Our TPS segment continued to gain market share in 2014 and, as a result, revenue trends significantly outperformed overall mortgage market volumes. More than half of the mortgages originated in the U.S. over the past year utilized our credit reporting, flood zone determination or escrow tax payment processing services. Many participants in the mortgage market, faced with continued regulatory scrutiny and market-related pressures, are increasingly seeking out strategic partners with the resources to invest heavily in compliance infrastructure, automation, quality and data-enabled services. Our strong reputation for quality and service excellence and regulatory compliance has helped make us the preferred partner for many financial services and insurance firms.

We are continuing to drive margin expansion through ongoing cost management programs and the roll out of the TTI. Building on our successful Project 30 program, we reduced our annual expense run rates by $30 million in 2014. With regard to the TTI, we are well positioned to complete Phase I -- our data center migration or DCM -- by mid-2015. Upon completion, the DCM is expected to improve operating performance and generate $30 million in annualized cost efficiencies. As part of Phase II of the TTI, we are building out the CoreLogic Innovation Labs and our next-generation technology platform, which should help drive market penetration and future growth. Finally, we are continuing to build our financial flexibility. In 2014, we generated a record level of free cash flow. We reinvested those funds in product and service development, productivity-related investments including the TTI, progressive debt retirement and the return of capital to our stockholders by repurchasing common shares. Regarding the last point, we repurchased three million of our common shares during 2014. CoreLogic delivered a strong operating result in 2014. We finished the year with accelerating momentum and believe we are well positioned to deliver another strong operating performance in 2015 despite a low-to-no growth U.S. mortgage market environment. With a streamlined and higher-margin set of businesses, we are delivering against an aggressive business plan which positions CoreLogic to capitalize on the opportunities presented by a gradually improving U.S. housing market. As we move forward, we will continue to transform through a focused strategy that leverages the market-leading positions of our core operations, our unique data assets, and the scale of our data-enabled services businesses. Our focus on fundamental value drivers positions us to execute on our strategic vision. In closing, I would like to thank all of our employees, clients and stockholders for their support. I am excited about our future and believe we are a great partner for our clients and a valuegrowth opportunity for our long-term investors.

Anand Nallathambi President and Chief Executive Officer

