Clorox Shareholders and Fellow Employees
I feel very good about the performance of The Clorox Company in fiscal year 2008, especially given the unprecedented commodity cost environment and overall inflationary pressure on the consumer. I am especially proud of our employees, who made significant progress on the Centennial Strategy that I outlined for you in last year's letter. Below are some highlights from fiscal 2008. 2008 Was a Solid Year in a Challenging Environment Clorox had a solid year in fiscal 2008: > We grew sales 9 percent to $5.3 billion. This was our  seventh consecutive year of top-line growth of 4 percent or   more, at or above our annual target of 3 percent to 5 percent  sales growth. It was also our strongest top-line growth in  seven years. > We generated cost savings of $93 million, on top of more   than $100 million in cost savings in each of the prior six years. > Despite absorbing commodity cost increases of more than  $100 million above our initial estimates, we delivered  earnings per share solidly within our original outlook for  the fiscal year, excluding certain charges. Diluted earnings   per share for the year were $3.24, which includes an impact   of 26 cents of restructuring-related charges and 9 cents  dilution associated with the acquisition of Burt's Bees, Inc. > Our financial condition remains very strong, with net cash  provided by operations of $730 million. > Strong free cash flow* of $560 million enabled us to partially  pay down debt issued to finance the acquisition of more than  12 million shares of Clorox stock and to finance the Burt's  Bees acquisition. > We generated $363 million in economic profit (EP)**,  including the near-term dilutive effect of acquiring Burt's   Bees. While EP was down slightly from $379 million in fiscal   year 2007, we believe this acquisition will position us for   higher EP growth over the long term. We Delivered Significant Results on Our Centennial Strategy We successfully launched our Centennial Strategy, including our focus on EP. Double-digit annual EP growth over time is our "true north" goal because we believe it strongly corresponds with shareholder value creation. Looking at our business through an EP lens gives us insight into the greatest opportunities for value creation and drives the four strategic choices we made as part of the Centennial Strategy. In fiscal 2008, we made significant progress in each of the following areas: Be a high-performance organization of enthusiastic owners Our first strategy is about our employees. When everyone is engaged and working well together toward a shared vision and common goals, we can do just about anything. Studies have shown the No. 1 driver of engagement is employees' understanding of and connection to the company strategy. Following the initial rollout to leaders in June 2007, communicating our Centennial Strategy across the organization was a top priority. We moved quickly to engage and enroll employees through employee meetings, online training and printed materials. We also increased the frequency of strategy review meetings with business units and functions, contributing to stronger cross-company linkages and alignment while using EP as a means to determine resource allocation.
*Free cash flow is a non-GAAP measure calculated as cash provided by operations less capital expenditures. See reconciliation of free cash flow as set forth in Exhibit 99.1 of the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2008. ** Economic profit (EP) represents profit generated over and above the cost of paying for the assets used by the business to generate profit. See reconciliation of economic profit in Exhibit 99.3 of the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2008.

02 The Clorox Company

Fiscal 2008 Key Results by Operating Segment

   Net Sales Percent of Total Company Net Sales Net Sales Growth Pretax Earnings Growth

North America International

$4.4 billion $0.8 billion

84% 16%

+8% +16%

+0% +4%

Note: Intersegment sales are insignificant. All comparisons are with fiscal year 2007 and exclude the results of discontinued operations.

We are also working hard to build on our strong culture of collaboration and teamwork across the company. At the beginning of fiscal 2008, we established a formal team of highly engaged employees from around the world to represent the voice of all employees to surface the best ideas for making everyday Clorox life better. In addition, we launched a manager certification program and a new peer-to-peer recognition program, just to name a few accomplishments. In March 2008, we conducted one of our periodic companywide surveys to measure employee engagement. Survey results indicated a significant increase over the prior year in key areas that typically drive engagement and contribute to how much discretionary effort employees put into their work and how long they intend to stay with the company. We are pleased with our progress and remain focused on continual improvement in this area. Win with superior capabilities in the "3Ds": Desire, Decide and Delight Desire is about ensuring consumers are predisposed to buy our brands before setting foot in the store. We do this by communicating consistent messages about why our products are the best choice to meet their needs. Decide is about winning at the store shelf through superior packaging, assortment, merchandising, pricing and shelving. Delight is , about striving to ensure our products exceed consumers expectations when they take our products home, which is an important step toward earning lifetime loyalty. A key element of our strategy to win in the area of "decide" was incremental investment in the grocery channel, which represents about a third of our U.S. sales and more than half of

our U.S. economic profit. To accelerate growth in this channel, we increased staffing in our customer-facing organization and continued to build strong capabilities our retail partners value. As a result, our grocery customers named us to 17 new category advisory positions. In addition, our focus on improved assortment and shelving resulted in more than 90 new Clorox Company items on shelf across a number of grocery retailers. Our emphasis on the grocery channel drove a sales turnaround of 5 percentage points from the past four-year trend. I believe we are laying a foundation for accelerating growth in the channel, which will remain an area of focus over the longer term. We are optimistic that this effort will generate incremental sales and profit. Accelerate growth both in and beyond the core We realize that, to achieve our true north goal, we must accelerate growth in our core businesses as well as beyond in the categories, channels and countries where we do business. One of the ways we're doing this is by capitalizing on the four significant consumer "megatrends" we identified: health and wellness, environmental sustainability, convenience and a more multicultural marketplace. Clearly, fiscal 2008 was a year of strong sales growth. We launched the Green WorksTM line of natural cleaners, which far exceeded our initial expectations. The brand received the 2008 Innovation and Creativity Award from the Grocery Manufacturers Association and a Sustainability Innovation ® Award from Wal-Mart. The Brita team did an outstanding job

Peers +8.6%

Cumulative Total Shareholder Return Cumulative Total Shareholder Return

S&P 500 +7.6% Clorox +6.4%

July 1, 2003, through June 30, 2008 (assumes reinvestment of July 1, 2003, through June 30, 2008 (assumes reinvestment of quarterly dividends) quarterly Peers: Andividends) average of 18 consumer packaged goods companies used for benchmarking Peers: An average of 18purposes. consumer packaged goods companies used for benchmarking purposes.

2003

2004

2005

2006

2007

2008

of positioning our water-filtration brand to capitalize on trends in sustainability and convenience, driving substantial category growth and all-time record sales for the fiscal year. The Burt's Bees acquisition marked our entry into the natural personal care category. We are extremely pleased with this acquisition, which contributed about 2 percentage points of the company's sales growth for the fiscal year. We continued to drive the integration and growth of the bleach businesses we acquired last year in Canada and Latin America. Also in Latin America, ® ® we extended our strong Poett and Mistolín home care brands into the adjacent air fresheners space, and continued to build our franchise of scented cleaning products. (See pages 5-13 to learn more about how we are capitalizing on the consumer megatrends.) Relentlessly drive out waste The unprecedented commodity cost increases we faced in fiscal 2008 underscored the importance of driving cost savings and increasing productivity. Our strong cost savings for the year are testament to the organization's cost and process discipline. Key initiatives included making a strategic investment to restructure and streamline our home care manufacturing network for improved flexibility and cost structure. Under the restructuring, we are creating a home-care supply-chain hub in the Atlanta area that will provide improved efficiency and cost savings from raw materials and packaging to manufacturing and transportation.

Building on our long-standing heritage of environmental stewardship, we established a companywide environmental sustainability strategy that we anticipate will help us achieve cost savings over time in addition to helping us reduce our environmental footprint. (See pages 14-17 to learn more about what we're doing in the area of environmental sustainability and other aspects of corporate social responsibility.) Differentiation Is Our Competitive Advantage We anticipate another challenging year in fiscal year 2009 as consumers remain under financial pressure and we anticipate year-over-year raw-material cost increases. At the same time, we have a track record for effectively managing our business in a difficult environment, and I believe we're taking the right steps to mitigate these factors, including increasing prices on more than half of our portfolio during fiscal 2009. I have confidence we can implement these increases because we have brands that consumers trust to deliver value and that our retail customers want. Across our portfolio, we're capitalizing on the key consumer megatrends of health and wellness, environmental sustainability, convenience and a more multicultural marketplace. We're bringing innovation to our categories and leveraging strong customer capabilities that our retail partners value. We Are Focused on Creating Long-Term Shareholder Value As the chart above shows, Clorox stock has delivered a 6.4 percent annual increase in total shareholder return over the

04 The Clorox Company

past five years. As with many other companies, our stock performance over this period -- and in particular the past fiscal year -- was impacted by the market's reaction to the volatile commodity cost environment and overall inflationary pressures. In fiscal 2008, our total shareholder return decreased 14 percent. That said, Clorox remains focused on making the right decisions for the overall health of the business to create shareholder value over time. Our cash flow remains strong, and we are continuing to pay down our level of debt, while also supporting dividend growth. We're exercising disciplined capital spending and using our economic profit lens to determine resource allocation. We Will Continue on Our Path Toward True North We believe more than ever that we're on the right path to achieve our true north goal of delivering double-digit annual percentage growth in economic profit. We remain focused on the choices we've made to support our Centennial Strategy. Looking ahead, we are working to achieve high levels of engagement across the Clorox organization; gain market share in our product categories by executing the 3Ds of desire, decide and delight; accelerate growth with innovation behind the four megatrends and drive out waste to improve gross margin.

One thing I've learned during tough times is that challenges can bring out the best in people -- and at Clorox we have some of the best people around. Someone will win in this tough environment, and I believe it can -- and will -- be Clorox. We have the right priorities, organizational focus, talent and passion to deliver results that our shareholders expect and deserve. On behalf of everyone at Clorox, thank you for continuing to place your trust in our company. Sincerely,

Donald R. Knauss Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Sept. 1, 2008

