Clorox Shareholders and Fellow Employees:
Donald R. Knauss
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

I believe more than ever that Clorox has the right strategy, the right people and the right capabilities to drive long-term growth and shareholder value. Our fiscal year 2009 results reinforce that this is the right place to be.*

18%
Diluted EPS growth

It was a very good year. We grew sales, returned to margin expansion for the fiscal year, grew earnings and economic profit, and maintained investment in the long-term health of our brands in an extremely tough economic climate. All in all, we're pleased with our performance: ·  We grew sales 3 percent to $5.5 billion, on top of strong 9 percent sales growth in fiscal 2008. Excluding a 2 percent negative impact from unfavorable foreign exchange rates, sales would have grown 5 percent. This was our eighth consecutive year of top-line growth at or above our annual target of 3 percent to 5 percent sales growth. ·  We generated cost savings of $118 million in cost of goods sold, well ahead of our annual targeted range of $90 million to $100 million. Our cost savings more than offset an increase of $110 million in commodity and energy-related costs in the fiscal year.

25%
Amount our dividend has increased over the past two years

·  We achieved $3.81 diluted earnings per share, an increase of 18 percent over fiscal 2008. This is a significant accomplishment in any economic environment. ·  Our financial condition remains strong, with net cash provided by operations of $738 million, which enabled us to pay down debt and increase our quarterly dividend by 9 percent. We're proud of our long track record of returning cash to our shareholders. Total annual dividends paid to Clorox shareholders have increased each year since 1977, and, over the past two years, we've increased our dividend by 25 percent.
* See "Forward-Looking Statements" on page 32.
T h e C l or ox C om pa n y  |  2 0 0 9 A n n u a l Re p o r t 1

· Economic profit* is the measure we believe most closely aligns with creating value and generating returns for our shareholders. Overall we generated $376 million in economic profit, up from $363 million in fiscal 2008, despite the impact of commodity cost increases and negative foreign currencies.

$738
million
Net cash provided by operations

We've made substantial progress on our Centennial Strategy. The strategy is made up of four key areas: Be a high-performance organization of enthusiastic owners; win with superior capabilities in the areas of Desire, Decide and Delight (the "3Ds"); accelerate growth in and beyond the core; and relentlessly drive out waste. (See pages 5-20 for examples of how we're bringing these strategic choices to life.)  Since introducing the Centennial Strategy two years ago, we have articulated our mission and established our "true north" objective to deliver double-digit annual economic profit. We made important decisions about where to compete, such as entering the natural personal care and natural cleaning products categories. We've stayed focused on delivering significant cost savings. We ramped up our focus on winning in our categories by driving demand creation and building consumer loyalty. And we're streamlining our operating model (how we're structured and the way we coordinate work across the company) to be more effective and efficient.

88%
Brands that hold No. 1 or No. 2 market share positions in their categories

Looking ahead, we believe we have the right plans in place. Since fiscal 2008 and continuing through our company's 100-year anniversary in 2013, we're focusing on three key areas. The first is to deliver further growth through an ongoing focus on the consumer "megatrends" of health and wellness, sustainability, ethnicity and affordability, with an emphasis on reinforcing the value of our products to consumers. We will continue to invest heavily in brands that are on trend and have strong tailwinds behind them, such as the Brita®, Green Works®, Kingsford® and Hidden Valley® brands. We're also continuing to work closely with our retail partners to provide services they value to drive consumer benefits and build our categories. And, with 88 percent of our brands holding No. 1 or No. 2 market share positions, we believe we're well-positioned as retailers seek to simplify their product assortments across our categories.

Percent of Total Company Net Sales by Segment

20%

Cleaning

33%

Lifestyle Household International

32%

15%

* Economic profit provides additional perspective to investors about financial returns generated by the business, and represents profit generated over and above the estimated cost of capital used by the business to generate that profit. See reconciliation of economic profit in Exhibit 99.3 of the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2009.

2  T h e Clo r o x Company | 2009 Annual  R ep or t

Cumulative Total Shareholder Return

40% June 30, 2004, through June 30, 2009 (assumes reinvestment of quarterly dividends). Peer companies: An average of 18 consumer packaged goods companies used for financial benchmarking purposes. 30% 20% 10% 0% -10% 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009

Clorox: 17% Peers: 12% S&P 500: -11%



Our second focus area is to build market share through innovation and value management.

We plan to increase our brand-building investment and will continue targeting at least 2 percentage points of annual incremental sales growth from innovation. In particular, we're prioritizing product improvements on key growth brands. We expect many of these improvements to generate substantial consumer benefits with little added cost and, in some cases, cost savings.  The third area of focus is to drive margin expansion with three key actions: continue to implement our operating model, build on our robust cost-savings program and continue to improve our product mix with higher-margin brands.

11%
Total shareholder return increase in fiscal 2009

We continue to focus on creating shareholder value. As the chart above shows, Clorox stock has delivered a 17 percent increase in total shareholder return over the past five years. In 2009, our total shareholder return increased 11 percent, ranking us second among our financial peer group of 19 consumer packaged goods companies. We remain committed to making the right decisions to create shareholder value over time. Our cash flow is strong, allowing us to support dividend growth while continuing to pay down debt. We are taking a disciplined approach to capital spending and using our assessment of economic profit potential to allocate resources.  Our brands are well aligned with consumer and retailer trends. We believe our recent margin improvements can be sustained, and our business model and strategy position us strongly in any economic environment. Our true north is still our true north, and we're moving in the right direction. On behalf of our 8,300 employees around the world, thank you for continuing to place your trust in our company. Sincerely, ] Donald R. Knauss Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Sept. 1, 2009

T h e C l or ox C om pa n y  |  2 0 0 9 A n n u a l Re p o r t 3

