Fellow Shareholders and Employees
It has been an honor and a privilege to serve as The Clorox Company's interim CEO and chairman since March. The Clorox board is composed of directors with broad business backgrounds and distinguished careers, who bring independent perspectives to the boardroom and an unwavering commitment to safeguarding the trust of shareholders and employees. Our primary role is to provide corporate governance, particularly in the area of management oversight, including succession planning. We take those responsibilities very seriously. As part of the succession-planning process, the company maintains a contingency plan in the event the CEO is temporarily incapacitated. In March, the board was called upon to implement its succession plans following the heart attack of chairman and CEO Jerry Johnston and his subsequent decision to retire from his positions. Our commitment to succession planning enabled us to immediately appoint an interim leader and, under the terms of our corporate succession plan, form a search committee to conduct an internal and external search for the best possible individual to lead your company. I am very pleased to report that, after a comprehensive search, the board named Donald R. Knauss the company's new chairman and chief executive officer, effective in October 2006. Don has a depth of experience in the consumer products industry, and he is perfectly suited for Clorox as we drive to grow our business. Throughout his career, he has established himself as a change agent. Businesses have grown and flourished under his leadership, and he achieves results in a way that engages and brings the entire organization along with him. Don knows how to lead customer- and consumer-focused organizations, and he has a great, no-nonsense style that's well suited to the Clorox culture. Don will lead from a solid foundation made even stronger during Jerry's tenure. While at the helm only three years, Jerry leaves indelible marks as Clorox's chairman and CEO, not the least of which are clarity of the company's strategies and the outstanding executive team he assembled. All of the directors have tremendous confidence in the company's strategies and the executive committee. The executive team has done an excellent job leading the company's business forward during this period. Their leadership, passion and dedication -- along with that of Clorox people everywhere -- are clearly evident in the company's fiscal 2006 results. 2006: A Solid Year in a Difficult Environment Clorox had another good year in fiscal 2006. > We grew sales by 6 percent to $4.6 billion, ahead of our annual growth goal of 3 percent to 5 percent. > We introduced many new or improved products across all of our businesses. > We generated $111 million in cost savings. > We delivered earnings per diluted share from continuing operations of $2.89. > Strong cash flow allowed us to pay down debt issued to finance the fiscal 2005 reacquisition of more than 61 million shares of Clorox stock from a former shareholder. > Total shareholder return increased 12 percent. We're pleased that we continued to grow the value of the company for shareholders and deliver on our commitments during a year that presented one of the most challenging cost environments in memory. In fiscal 2006, we absorbed a staggering $170 million in cost increases, primarily in energy-related operating and raw-material costs. I'm proud of the way Clorox people across the company stepped up to help offset these cost impacts and deliver solid earnings. Our manufacturing, logistics and entire supply-chain organization successfully managed through the impacts of hurricanes Katrina and Rita to ensure adequate supplies of raw materials and keep products flowing to our retail customers. Our cut costs and enhance margins initiative generated a fifth consecutive year of cost savings greater than $100 million. The strength of our brands allowed us to take price increases on a significant portion of the portfolio and boosted sales ahead of our annual target. As expected, price increases have slowed shipments of products in the

02 The Clorox Company

Fiscal 2006 Key Results by Operating Segment
Net Sales

Percent of Company Net Sales

Net Sales Growth

Pretax Earnings Growth

Household Group ­ North America Specialty Group International

$2.1 billion $1.9 billion $0.6 billion

45% 41% 14%

+ 5% + 6% +9%

+7% +6% +5%

Note: Intersegment sales are insignificant. All comparisons are with fiscal year 2005, and pretax earnings exclude the results of discontinued operations.

categories affected. Still, we are confident consumers will remain loyal to our brands and that shipments will return to historical growth trends over time. While the organization executed our cost-savings and price-increase programs with excellence, the benefits were simply not great enough to fully overcome the margin impact of the cost increases. As a result, gross margin and adjusted operating margin declined versus the prior year. Nevertheless, Clorox people around the world achieved tremendous results in this challenging environment. I'm especially pleased that despite the year's cost pressures, we remained committed to our strategy, and continued to invest in innovation and other activities that build consumer demand for our products. Innovation Linked to Consumer Insights Makes Consumers' Lives Easier, Healthier and Better Fiscal 2006 was another year of strong innovation and investment in core businesses at The Clorox Company as we pursued our mission to build brands that make consumers' lives easier, healthier and better. Chief among the areas of focus was further developing the company's health-and-wellness platform, by building on the powerful insight that consumers, especially moms, are highly motivated to protect their families from germ-related illnesses. The Clorox® brand, with a 93-year tradition for disinfecting, is the foundation of our health-and-wellness program, and innovation is key to extending the platform. With unscented Clorox® liquid bleach and Clorox® disinfecting wipes as the cornerstones of our health-and-wellness platform, we extended it further with the introduction of Clorox® Anywhere Hard SurfaceTM daily sanitizing spray in fiscal 2006. This new product kills 99.9 percent of bacteria on hard, nonporous surfaces, yet it's gentle enough to use around children, pets and food, and provides a gentle way for moms to protect their families from the spread of bacteria. The power of this platform is clearly evident: Clorox home-cleaning brands have achieved 18 percent compounded annual sales growth over a five-year period.

Beyond health and wellness, innovation linked to deep consumer insights led to important new product introductions in nearly every business unit. Here are some additional examples: Charcoal grilling got even better through the introduction of new Kingsford ® charcoal with Sure Fire Grooves.TM This new briquet lights more quickly, achieves cooking temperatures faster and cooks longer than our previous product. Fresh Step ® cat litter was reformulated to address the No. 1 unmet consumer need in cat litter: superior odor control. Now with odoreliminating carbon to help stop the growth of odor-causing bacteria before it starts, the Fresh Step ® brand helps keep cat owners' homes smelling better and fresher than ever. Our International and U.S. businesses made doing the laundry easier through joint development of a premium bleach. Called Clorox® Ropa Blanca ® in Latin America and Clorox® UltimateCareTM premium bleach in the U.S., this new bleach delivers all the whitening and stain-removing power of regular Clorox® bleach. At the same time, it's gentle enough to pour directly onto fabrics and its thick, creamy formula in a drain-back bottle reduces splashing. See pages 6-13 for more information about how our brands make consumers' lives easier, healthier and better. Building Corporate Capabilities Ensures Our "Right to Win" Central to Clorox's strategy are our strategic choices in six areas: Consumer, Customer, Cost, People, Process and Partnerships. They represent the critical choices we've made to continue building capabilities across the enterprise that help ensure our right to win with our many leading brands. The most important choice is the Consumer strategy, which is all about building world-class consumer insights and using them to drive meaningful growth for our brands and categories. As the above discussion illustrates, we made great progress in this area in fiscal 2006. We also made great strides with respect to our other strategy choices:

The Clorox Company 03
Clorox +100%

Cumulative Total Shareholder Return
Peers +42% July 1, 2001, through June 30, 2006 (assumes reinvestment of quarterly dividends) Peer companies ­ An average of 19 consumer packaged goods companies used for benchmarking purposes.

S&P 500 +13%

2001

2002

2003

2004

2005

2006

Customer: In 2006, we redesigned our customer organization to better align with our customer segmentation and built a solid foundation for delivering high-impact, value-creating services to our retail customers. We worked very closely with our retail partners to devise strategies to grow sales and profitability, which was critically important as we implemented price increases across the portfolio. Cost: We set new standards for efficiency and effectiveness, delivering $111 million in cost savings through a number of activities including global initiatives to increase manufacturing efficiencies and to optimize product design by reducing nonvalue-adding features and costs. People: Clorox people are key to ensuring our right to win by continually raising the bar on our performance. As a result, people development has never been a higher priority. In fiscal 2006, we rolled out a more robust individual development planning process for all employees, and we're developing the capability of teams across the organization through high-performance teamwork aimed at boosting success by making the most of the different roles, skills and styles that each person brings to a team. Process: For the fourth consecutive year, we made further progress against our long-term initiative to improve returns on trade-spending investments through processes that enable better analysis, allowing us to shift funds from less profitable promotional events to more effective ones. In fiscal 2006, trade-spending efficiencies contributed to our results. We also implemented a new process to improve the way we manage product data for everything from raw materials to product formulas through a single system that collects all product data used internally as well as with our vendors and retail customers. Partnerships: Partnering with third parties to drive growth and create virtual scale is a hallmark of how Clorox competes today, with more than 80 percent of our new products developed or produced through relationships with partners, both big and small.

As these few examples illustrate, Clorox is making great progress in the implementation of our strategy through commitment to the choices we've made and diligent execution. 2007: A Year of Transition Built on a Strong Foundation Looking ahead, fiscal 2007 is certain to be an exciting year as Don Knauss takes the helm as chairman and chief executive. Don is a talented and capable leader who will build on the company's strong foundation. I know he is as excited as we are about his new role and the opportunity to accelerate the company's growth to a new level. At Clorox, we remain steadfast in our commitment to drive growth through consumer insights and build brands that make consumers' lives easier, healthier and better -- we believe this is the best means to build the value of the company and help deliver top-third shareholder return over the long term. Thank you for continuing to place your trust in us. Sincerely,

Robert W. Matschullat Interim Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Sept. 1, 2006

Since March 2006, Robert W. Matschullat has served as The Clorox Company's interim chairman and chief executive officer. He has been a member of the board since 1999; served as presiding director of the board from January 2005 until March 2006; and, prior to that, served as nonexecutive chairman of the board.

04 The Clorox Company

Clorox Shareholders and Employees
It's an honor to be named chairman and chief executive officer of The Clorox Company. This is a great company, and I couldn't be more excited by this opportunity for a number of reasons: First, Clorox has great brands. The Clorox Company portfolio includes some of consumers' most trusted brands. The company's mission -- building brands that make consumers' lives easier, healthier and better -- is a simple but compelling one. It resonates with emerging consumer trends, and, I think, positions the company for significant growth potential. Second, Clorox has great people. In my 25-year career in consumer products, I've encountered many Clorox people at conferences and industry events. Clorox is known for its smart, talented people, and my experience bears that out. Third, Clorox has a great culture. It's a culture based on values that are consistent with my own. And it starts with integrity, which is paramount to me. Over the years, I've heard from countless customers about the integrity of Clorox people, and the company's policies and practices in dealing with retailers. I've also seen how the company operates in the public arena with transparency and honesty. And I've been impressed with the company's commitment to community involvement, which is something I hope to help foster as your new CEO. Finally, Clorox has a great board of directors. As I met and spoke with board members throughout the selection process, I found the board to be composed of highly engaged directors focused on governance and committed to driving the company forward for growth. I look forward to working with them to do just that. This is an exciting time to take the helm at Clorox. The organization has done a remarkable job building strong leading brands based on deep consumer insight and positioning the company to accelerate growth. I'm looking forward to all that we will do together to grow the value of the company in years to come. Sincerely,
Donald R. Knauss was named chairman and chief executive officer of The Clorox Company, effective in October 2006. As CEO, he will have overall responsibility for directing the company's worldwide business, which generated revenues of $4.6 billion in fiscal year 2006. Prior to joining Clorox, Knauss spent 12 years with The Coca-Cola Company. He joined the company in 1994 as senior vice president of marketing for The Minute Maid Company, and, in 1996, was promoted to senior vice president and general manager for Minute Maid's U.S. retail operations. Beginning in 1998, he served nearly two years managing Coca-Cola's businesses in 10 countries of Africa. In 2000, he was named president and chief executive officer of The Minute Maid Company. He became president and chief operating officer of Coca-Cola North America and executive vice president of the corporation in 2004. Knauss previously held a variety of positions in marketing and sales with the Frito-Lay and Tropicana divisions of PepsiCo, Inc. He began his business career as a brand manager in the paper products division at Procter & Gamble. Prior to that, he served as an officer of the United States Marine Corps. A native of Highland, Ind., Knauss holds a bachelor's degree in history from Indiana University. He serves on the board of trustees for the United States Marine Corp University Foundation and Morehouse College.

Donald R. Knauss Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, effective in October 2006 Sept. 1, 2006

