   LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
As 2013 came to a close, I reflected on our bank. We work hard to take care of our customers, strive to deliver value to our shareholders, and treat employees with the dignity and respect they deserve. By providing a higher level of banking, we raise the expectations of what
a bank can be.
We understand that some of our customers work hard to build their dreams while others have already worked a lifetime to achieve them. Yet all of our customers demand one thing: the same unwavering commitment to excellence that defines their own lives. This is something we have understood for 164 years as a relationship-focused, “Main
Street” bank. It is ingrained in our culture.
Through our transparency and our commitment to strong corporate governance and corporate social responsibility,
we strive daily to earn your trust. That’s because integrity and trustworthiness are the cornerstones upon which successful companies are built.
Our employees exemplify those beliefs as well – both on the job and in the communities where they live and work. Their commitment to service excellence and the values we as a bank hold dear are the ties that bind us together.
So, with this understanding of who and what we are as a bank, I am pleased to share with you our 2013 results, as well as my thoughts on how I believe we are prepared for 2014 and beyond.
2013 FINANCIAL RESULTS
 RALPH W. BABB JR.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  We reported 2013 net income of $541 million, or $2.85 per share, compared to $521 million, or $2.67 per share, in 2012. The 7 percent increase in earnings per share reflected continued strong credit quality, tight expense control and customer-driven fee income growth.
Average total loans in 2013 increased $1.1 billion, or 3 percent, to $44.4 billion, primarily reflecting an increase of $1.7 billion, or 7 percent, in commercial loans, partially offset by a decrease of $686 million, or 6 percent, in combined commercial mortgage and real estate construction loans. The increase in commercial loans was primarily driven by increases in National Dealer Services, general Middle Market and Energy,
EARNINGS PER SHARE (DILUTED)
T O T A L A V E R A G E L O A N S AND DEPOSITS
(IN BILLIONS)
 $51.7
 $49.5
   $43.3
$44.4
$43.8
      $2.09
$2.67
$40.5
$40.1
$39.5
 $2.85
   $0.88
 2010 2011 2012 2013
2010 2011 2012 2013 2010 2011 2012 2013 LOANS DEPOSITS
partially offset by decreases in Mortgage Banker Finance and Corporate Banking.
Average total deposits in 2013 increased $2.2 billion, or 4 percent, to $51.7 billion, with increases in all geographic markets, and with increases of $1.4 billion, or 7 percent, in noninterest-bearing deposits and $803 million, or 3 percent, in interest-bearing deposits.
Net interest income of $1.7 billion decreased by
$56 million, or 3 percent, and noninterest income of $826 million increased $8 million, or 1 percent. The increase in noninterest income reflected an increase of $13 million in customer-driven fee income, partially offset by a decrease of $5 million in noncustomer-driven categories.
  “WE WORK HARD
TO TAKE CARE OF OUR CUSTOMERS, STRIVE TO DELIVER VALUE TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS, AND TREAT EMPLOYEES WITH THE DIGNITY AND RESPECT THEY DESERVE.”
  
  “WE CONTINUE TO POSITION OURSELVES AS OUR CUSTOMERS’ TRUSTED FINANCIAL ADVISOR AS THEY NAVIGATE THE ECONOMIC ENVIRONMENT.”
Credit quality remained strong in 2013. As a result, the provision for credit losses declined $33 million to $46 million in 2013. Net credit-related charge-offs decreased $97 million to $73 million.
We continued to carefully manage expenses in 2013. Noninterest expenses decreased $35 million, or 2 percent in 2013, compared to a year earlier.
Our capital position continues to be strong. On January 22, 2013, and January 21, 2014, the board of directors increased the quarterly cash dividend for common stock 13 percent and 12 percent, respectively, to 17 cents and then 19 cents per share. The dividend increases reflect our strong capital position and solid financial performance.
We repurchased 7.4 million shares in 2013 under our share repurchase program. Combined with dividends, we returned 76 percent of 2013 net income to shareholders.
In January 2014, we filed our capital plan with the Federal Reserve, our first as a full CCAR bank. CCAR stands for the Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review, an annual exercise for bank holding companies with $50 billion or more of total assets. The Federal Reserve will release its summary results in March 2014.
With respect to stock performance, the market value of our stock increased 57 percent in 2013, outperforming both the S&P 500 Index and the Keefe Bank Index, which were up 30 percent and 35 percent, respectively.
DIVIDENDS PER SHARE
  2010
2011 2012 2013
BOOK VALUE PER SHARE
The book value per share of Comerica stock increased 6 percent in 2013, compared to 2012, and was up 13 percent from 2011.
At year-end 2013, we had $45.5 billion in total loans and $53.3 billion in total deposits. We also ended the year with $65.2 billion in total assets, and with 136 banking centers in Texas, 105 in California, 214 in Michigan, 18 in Arizona, and nine in Florida.
Regional banks such as Comerica are in that sweet spot: big enough to be able to get things done efficiently and still offer a wide array of products and services, and small enough to be able to deliver personalized care to customers and react quickly to changing market conditions.
As a country, in 2013 we were still working our way out of the previous recession. We have been in a prolonged low-rate environment, with slow job growth, recovering housing and auto industries, and with resilient consumer spending. Business optimism remained impaired in 2013, due to economic uncertainties. These uncertainties tended to keep many businesses on the sidelines during the year, particularly when it came to making long-term investments and to hiring, as well. Customers in this environment have been de-leveraging and building cash, while also being cautiously optimistic.
2010 2011
2012 2013
   Within our Business Bank, we continue to position ourselves as our customers’ trusted financial advisor as they navigate the economic environment. We build deep, enduring relationships with our business customers. With our in-depth knowledge of our customers and their industries, we offer solutions that meet their distinct financial needs.
At December 31, 2013, more than 70 percent of Business Bank loans are within the Middle Market category, which we define as companies with revenues generally between $20 million and $500 million. This is our “bread and butter,” as we know how to serve the credit and non-credit needs of manufacturing and service companies and many others that make up this middle
THE BUSINESS BANK
$0.68
 $39.23
$0.55
 $0.40
 $0.25
  $36.87
 $34.80
 $32.82
  
market. Within this segment, we have considerable expertise, with products and services to meet the specific needs of auto dealers, energy businesses, technology and life sciences companies, environmental services companies, entertainment firms, and international companies, among others. The long tenure and industry expertise of our colleagues, combined with the right products and services, allow Comerica to differentiate itself in Middle Market Banking.
We were the recipients of 16 Greenwich Excellence Awards in Middle Market Banking in 2013 in such categories as Overall Satisfaction, Relationship Manager Capability, Likelihood to Recommend, and International Service, and within Treasury Management Services, in the categories of Overall Satisfaction, Accuracy of Operations, Customer Service, Sales Specialist Performance, and Product Capabilities.
We continue to be dedicated to driving fee-income growth by emphasizing the importance of cross selling. Broader and deeper customer relationships result in more
The Retail Bank is somewhat unique, as we do not employ a mass-market retail strategy. Rather, our banking centers focus on the segments we serve exceedingly well: middle market and small businesses, entrepreneurs, affluent individuals, and retail customers. Our banking centers are more geared to sales and service, as opposed to transaction processing. That’s because of our strong relationship focus.
In addition to banking centers, Retail Bank delivery channels also include ATMs, as well as Web and mobile banking. With Comerica Web Banking®, customers can access Comerica’s secure Internet banking services anywhere they have Internet access. With Comerica Mobile Banking®, customers can access their accounts anywhere, anytime – right from their mobile phone.
In August 2013, Comerica Bank introduced simplified checking account guides to make it easier for consumers to compare personal checking accounts at Comerica Bank with other banks.
We have been increasing our Small Business customer relationships over the past several years and expect these relationships will continue to grow as the economy improves. Small businesses turn to Comerica because we understand them and are with them through all phases of an economic cycle.
loyal and profitable customers. We have a wide array of products that are designed to meet the requirements of our customers.
We see commercial and government cards as key growth drivers for payment revenues. According to the July 2013 edition of the Nilson Report, Comerica is one of the leading issuers of commercial cards and the number-one issuer of prepaid cards, the latter fueled by reloadable debit cards for various state and federal government benefit programs. As such, we are positioned to capture increased card volumes.
We recently introduced a new, integrated payables platform along with other enhancements for our commercial customers and are already seeing the benefits of these investments, as business customers are placing more value on technology capabilities, especially in payments, analytics, fraud control, and mobile access. We are leveraging technology to provide the products our customers desire, while helping them to grow their bottom line.
We were the recipients of seven Greenwich Excellence Awards for Small Business Banking in 2013 in such categories as Financial Stability and Relationship Manager Capability, and within Treasury Management Services, in the categories of Overall Satisfaction, Customer Service, and Accuracy of Operations.
Wealth Management provides us with the ability to leverage Comerica’s existing customer base by bringing investment management and fiduciary solutions to our Business Bank and Retail Bank customers. Our target customers include business owners, corporate executives, multi-generational wealth, and institutions such as municipalities, hospitals, foundations and corporations. Specifically, within Wealth Management we target individuals with more than $1 million, and institutional investors with over $10 million in assets.
Within Wealth Management is our Professional Trust Alliance, which we established almost 20 years ago. We have agreements with third-party broker-dealers to provide trust administration, custodial services, and investment monitoring for their clients. This business has been a significant contributor to increasing our fiduciary income. We have more than doubled the assets under management related to these alliances over the past four years. We have 18 offices throughout the nation dedicated to serving and building this business.
  RETAIL BANK AND WEALTH MANAGEMENT
   “OUR BANKING CENTERS ARE MORE GEARED TO SALES AND SERVICE, AS OPPOSED TO TRANSACTION PROCESSING. THAT’S BECAUSE
OF OUR STRONG RELATIONSHIP FOCUS.”
  
 TEXAS
We primarily cover the major metropolitan areas in the three states – Texas, California, and Michigan – where we have abundant opportunities to pursue the types of businesses we serve. These metropolitan areas are some of the largest, fastest growing in the country. Our footprint places us
in seven of the 10 largest cities in the U.S., namely Los Angeles, Houston, Phoenix, San Antonio, San Diego, Dallas, and San Jose, as well as in other large cities such as Austin, San Francisco, Fort Worth, and Detroit.
Not only are Texas and California the largest economies in the nation based on GDP, but they are among the fastest growing, as well.
Comerica has had a presence in Texas for 25 years. As you know, we relocated our corporate headquarters to Texas in 2007, with the strategy of leveraging our position as the largest U.S. commercial bank headquartered in the state. In 2011, we strengthened our competitive position with the acquisition of Sterling Bancshares, Inc., which significantly increased our presence in Houston, while
also adding the San Antonio and Kerrville regions. Our strategy in Texas is working, despite the highly competitive
environment. Period-end loans and deposits in Texas in 2013 were up 1 percent and 10 percent, respectively, from 2012.
California is a state where we have operated for nearly 30 years. It serves as the headquarters of our Technology & Life Sciences and Entertainment businesses. And we have more relationships with auto dealers in California than in any other state in the nation. In 2013, California period-end loans were up 7 percent while deposits were down 4 percent. The decline in deposits
was primarily in our business that serves title and escrow companies whose balances fluctuate with mortgage volume.
We have been serving the Michigan market since our bank’s founding in 1849. Our focus on Michigan is on maintaining our leadership position in the state, where we have strengthened our market share to nearly 15 percent, ranking us No.2, based on the latest FDIC deposit market share survey. In 2013, Michigan period-end loans were down 1 percent as commercial mortgages continued to amortize, while deposits were up 2 percent.
CALIFORNIA
MICHIGAN
COMMITMENT TO COMMUNITY, DIVERSITY AND SUSTAINABILITY
ARIZONA
Comerica has an unwavering commitment to the communities it serves. Comerica’s longevity – 164 years – is a testament to its strong relationship focus, conservative principles, and people – the nearly 9,000 colleagues who serve as our ambassadors in the community.
In 2013, Comerica contributed more than $8 million to not-for-profit organizations within our markets, and our employees raised more than $2.1 million for the United Way and Black United Fund. Our employees also donated their personal time, more than 72,000 hours, as a demonstration of their commitment to the communities we serve.
In Texas, we continued to build on the success of our community outreach and educational effort, which we call Shred Day DFW. In 2013, we shredded and recycled more than 122 tons of paper documents and, in the process, helped collect more than 7,000 pounds of food for the North Texas Food Bank.
And in order to help our Houston neighbors better protect themselves from identity theft, we hosted our first
annual Shred Day Houston this past April. That event resulted in the collection, destruction, and recycling of more than 51 tons of paper and the donation of nearly 7,300 pounds of food for the Houston Food Bank.
We continue to build grassroots support in Michigan’s entrepreneurial community through our sponsorship of the Comerica Hatch Detroit Contest. This is the second year we’ve provided the $50,000 prize for the winning idea for a new retail business in Detroit.
Detroit’s Cass Tech High School baseball and softball teams and the Holland High School softball team each received $10,000 to improve their programs as the 2013 winners of the Comerica Grand Slam Grant. This annual grant competition attracts entrants across the state and builds goodwill in the communities we serve.
Community goodwill was also generated through our Home of the Brave National Anthem Facebook contest, which enabled Detroit firefighter Martin Rucker to receive a standing ovation at Comerica Park for his performance of the National Anthem and a $10,000 grant to the Detroit Firefighters Benevolent Fund.
FLORIDA
FOCUS ON GROWTH MARKETS

In Northern California, the Hartnell College Foundation in Salinas, California, recognized Comerica Bank as a Distinguished Honoree for support of its Women’s Education Leadership Initiative.
In Southern California, our Retail team received recognition from the Los Angeles Board of Education for its continued support of LAUSD’s homeless students’ assistance program. Since 2010, our 31 Los Angeles-area banking centers have collected and donated more than 110,000 school supplies, including new backpacks, pencils, pens, and soap, all given by bank customers and employees, to the more than 15,000 students who lack a fixed, regular, and adequate residence within its school district’s boundaries.
Comerica Bank donated over 60 iPad minis to low-income students in northern and southern California in 2013, including at Aeolian Elementary School, to increase hands-on learning opportunities in reading and math. The others were presented to deserving high school seniors, most of whom are the first generation in their families to attend college.
Comerica continued to be recognized for its commitment to diversity. The bank earned a rating of 90 percent on the Human Rights Campaign (HRC) 2014 Corporate Equality Index (CEI). And, for the fifth consecutive year, Comerica Bank has been named by LATINA Style Magazine as being among the “50 Best Companies for Latinas to Work for in the U.S.” Comerica
Bank also has been ranked #3 among the Diversity, Inc.’s “Top 10 Regional Companies for Diversity” in 2013. Hispanic Business ranked Comerica Bank #1 among the “Top 25 Companies for Supplier Diversity” in 2013. And Comerica has been named to LATINO Magazine’s 2013 “LATINO 100” list, the first annual listing “of the top 100 companies providing the most opportunities for Latinos” in such areas as education, hiring, workforce diversity, minority business development, governance, and philanthropy.
Comerica continues to maintain a leadership position in sustainability in our industry. In 2013, Comerica achieved a position in the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) Performance Leadership Index, recognizing our ongoing progress in reducing our emissions and reducing resource consumption. Our CDP score of 94 of 100 was the highest score ever attained by Comerica, placing us among the top performers in the S&P 500 and reflecting our ongoing commitment to creating long-term, sustainable value to our stakeholders. In addition to our ongoing listing on the FTSE4Good Index, Comerica was included in the Thomson Reuters Corporate Responsibility Indices (CRI) in both the Environmental and Governance categories. Regarding our ongoing efforts to green our supply chain, we were recognized by Office Depot with its Leadership in Greener Purchasing award for the second time in three years.
  In closing, we believe we are prepared for the future. In 2013, our asset-sensitive balance sheet remained well positioned for rising interest rates. We are allocating resources to our faster-growing markets and industries where we have expertise. And we believe our geographic footprint is well situated to contribute to our long-term growth.
We have demonstrated through the cycle that we can carefully manage expenses, successfully offsetting the headwinds from higher regulatory costs. We believe we have the capacity to grow without adding significant expense as a result of the efficiency advances we have made and will continue to make.
Finally, our conservative, consistent approach
to banking, including credit management, investment strategy, and capital position, has earned the confidence of our customers and investors and positioned us for growth.
Sincerely,
RALPH W. BABB JR.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Comerica Incorporated and Comerica Bank
LOOKING AHEAD
         “COMERICA CONTINUED TO BE RECOGNIZED FOR ITS COMMITMENT TO DIVERSITY.”
“WE ARE ALLOCATING RESOURCES TO OUR FASTER-GROWING MARKETS AND INDUSTRIES WHERE WE HAVE EXPERTISE.”
    