To Our Shareholders
Ralph W. Babb Jr.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
The challenging environment for financial institutions continued in 2015 due to persistently low interest rates, combined with a host of increasing regulatory and technology demands. Furthermore, we are facing headwinds created by the energy cycle. As always, we embrace such challenges and move forward to address them. I am proud to write that the Comerica team persevered and continues to stand strong. In 2015, our average loans topped $48 billion, average deposits grew to a record $58 billion and credit quality remained solid. Through our equity repurchase program and dividends, we returned $389 million, or 75 percent of 2015 net income, to shareholders. We remain focused on creating value for you, our loyal shareholders, by building quality relationships and providing the products and services our clients need and deserve.
The cornerstone of our success is our relationship banking strategy, whereby we strive to be the trusted advisor to our clients. By firmly grasping their financial goals, we are positioned to provide a wide array of financial products and services to assist them in being successful. We believe balanced growth and increased profitability are achieved by delivering a higher level of banking that nurtures lifelong relationships with unwavering integrity and financial prudence. This approach has served us well for 166 years, through the ups and downs of various economic cycles, and should continue to serve us well in the future. Furthermore, our diverse geographic footprint is well situated and provides industry diversity, resulting in opportunities for significant long-term growth.
We are driven by doing what is right for our clients, employees, shareholders and the communities we serve. That is the Comerica way. It is how we raise expectations of what a bank can be.
2015 Financial Highlights
We had good balance sheet growth in 2015. Average loans increased $2 billion, or more than 4 percent, to $48.6 billion, in 2015. And, average deposits increased $3.5 billion, or 6 percent, to a record $58.3 billion.
The most notable increases in average loans came from National Dealer Services, Commercial Real Estate, Technology and Life Sciences, and Mortgage Banker Finance. Also, Small Business average loans increased over $100 million, which was partially driven by our banking centers. Additional training, incentives and increased accountability resulted in a 49 percent increase in the number of new loans booked and a 21 percent increase in dollars of new loans booked through our retail banking centers. In addition, we had a highly successful home equity sales campaign in the spring of 2015, resulting in record new loan volumes and a $110 million, or 7 percent, increase in average home equity loans.
 1

Deposits have grown steadily over the last four years and reflect our focus on building long-term relationships. Our average total deposit growth included a 12 percent increase in noninterest-bearing deposits and a 2 percent increase in interest-bearing deposits. Deposits increased in every business line and all three of our major markets, as many of our clients have significant liquidity and choose to hold it at Comerica.
We successfully raised over $1 billion in senior and subordinated debt in 2015. This was done in part to position Comerica to meet the new Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) rule. Under the rule, we are required to hold a minimum level of high quality liquid assets to cover net cash outflows under a 30-day systematic liquidity stress scenario. The rule became effective for us on January 1, 2016. During 2016, we are required to maintain a minimum LCR of 90 percent. Beginning January 1, 2017, and thereafter, the minimum required LCR will be 100 percent. As of year-end 2015, our ratio was well in excess of 100 percent.
We had $1.7 billion of net interest income in 2015, an increase of 2 percent, primarily the result of our solid loan growth.
Credit quality continued to be strong. The provision for credit losses increased from the historically low level we saw in the prior year. Net charge-offs were well below our through-the-cycle average. We did see an increase in our criticized loans, which also remains below our historical average and was driven by energy loans, which I will discuss below. The remainder of the portfolio continued to perform well.
We continue to focus on expanding our cross-sell penetration and are pleased with the increases we saw in card fees, cash management service charges and fiduciary income. We did, however, see declines in investment banking fees, due primarily to depressed activity in the energy market, as well as lower noncustomer-related income, such as deferred compensation asset returns.
Overall, expenses remained well controlled. Technology and regulatory expenses increased, which I will expand on below, and pension costs were higher. These were partially offset by lower litigation-related expenses, primarily from a legal reserve release in 2015 for a case on appeal, and other expense-saving actions.
In March 2015, we announced that the Federal Reserve did not object to our 2015 Capital Plan submission, which covers the second quarter 2015 through the second quarter of 2016. In April 2015, the board of directors increased the quarterly cash dividend for common stock by 5 percent to 21 cents per share. We repurchased 5.1 million shares and 500,000 warrants in 2015 under our equity repurchase program. As I mentioned earlier, through the buyback and dividends, we returned $389 million, or 75 percent, of 2015 net income to shareholders. This reflects our strong capital position and solid financial performance. Our regulatory capital levels remain comfortably above the threshold to be considered well capitalized. We will again participate in the Capital Plan process for 2016, and we expect that the results will be announced in June.
In summary, the contribution from loan growth was more than offset by an increase in our provision for credit losses, as well as higher pension, technology and regulatory expenses. Our 2015 net income was $521 million, a $72 million decrease from a year ago. However, our tangible book value per share increased more than 4 percent over the past year, to $39.33, as we continue to focus on creating long- term shareholder value.*
*See Supplemental Financial Data section for reconcilements of non-GAAP financial measures.
2

Our Framework for Delivering Enhanced Shareholder Value
We are guided by a strategic plan which we believe will drive our long-term success and enhancement of shareholder value. While our business model has served us well for 166 years, we know that we cannot rest on our laurels – we must regularly examine, refine and adapt our model in order to deliver the most value to our shareholders. Our board, which is composed of highly experienced professionals with the right mix of skills, expertise and insights to drive Comerica forward, plays an important role of reviewing, scrutinizing and approving the plan. Our plan is based on six key interlinking pillars: Growth, Balance, Relationships, Risk Management, Diversity, and Accountability.
As we
1) 2)
3)
4) 5) 6) 7)
look to 2016 and beyond, we have identified seven core focus areas for Comerica:
Building new and expanding existing relationships to create enduring, satisfied clients Driving our expense discipline and risk management to the next level while leveraging investments in technology to meet increasing regulatory demands and evolving client requirements
Maximizing growth opportunities resulting from our diverse geographic footprint and extensive knowledge of faster growing industries, including cross-selling value-added products Maintaining strong credit quality as we navigate the energy cycle
Attracting, retaining and motivating our most valuable asset, our people
Continuing our strong commitment to community, diversity and sustainability Providing a satisfactory return for our shareholders
Geographic Balance is a Key to our Long-Term Growth Strategy
We are located in seven of the 10 largest cities in the U.S., as well as many just outside the top 10. We maintain geographic balance between our markets with a strong presence in the major metropolitan areas of Texas, California and Michigan. We also have a presence in Arizona and Florida.
Our unique footprint provides important counterbalances for us as economic conditions change. For example, as Texas faced headwinds due to low oil and gas prices throughout 2015, the economies of Michigan and California had many segments that benefited from lower commodity prices, including the resurgent auto industry and consumer spending, generally.
As the largest U.S. commercial bank headquartered in Texas, we take great pride in the strength and resiliency of the state economy. Also, the business-friendly environment fosters a spirit of entrepreneurship, which has helped diversify the economic base. We've been operating in Texas for nearly three decades and have developed a solid client base in areas such as general Middle Market, Small Business and Commercial Real Estate, in addition to Energy.
We have had a presence in California for more than two decades. As the largest state economy, California provides us with many opportunities to capitalize on our industry expertise in business lines such as Technology and Life Sciences, National Dealer Services, Commercial Real Estate and Entertainment.
We have continuously served the Michigan market since our founding in 1849. Our focus is on maintaining our leadership position, as we have the second-largest deposit market share in the state, according to the FDIC. Increased auto sales continue to boost the state’s economy. While competition in Michigan is strong, as it is in all of our markets, we continue to benefit from our reputation as a steady, reliable bank committed to the region. Our Michigan portfolio includes a strong focus on general Middle Market, Private Banking, Small Business and Retail Banking, among others.
3

Relationship Banking Strategy is Based on Creating Value for our Clients
Our model is weighted toward commercial banking through our Business Bank and complemented by the Retail Bank and Wealth Management, which assist us in building deep, enduring relationships with clients. By providing the products and services our clients desire, we not only generate fee income but also build loyal relationships.
As the 12th largest commercial lender in the U.S., it is no surprise Comerica has a substantial Business Bank, which provides companies of various sizes with a wide array of credit and noncredit financial products and services. Our 17 distinct lines of business within the Business Bank are led by managers with an average tenure of 25 years, demonstrating the depth and breadth of our expertise, as well as the seasoned management team we have in place.
We continue to bring to the marketplace the cutting-edge tools that clients demand, designed for the intuitive usability they want. For example, in 2015 we introduced Comerica TM Connect MobileSM, empowering commercial clients to access Comerica Business ConnectSM for information reporting and to approve payments with the convenience of their mobile devices. In addition, our commercial card program is gaining traction and is an important component of our integrated payables offering as clients seek efficient, paperless solutions to meet their cash management needs.
Where it makes sense, we form key strategic partnerships to leverage the expertise of others in order to provide comprehensive financial services for our clients. In 2015, we successfully converted our merchant services platform to our new partner, Vantiv, Inc., to deliver industry-leading, highly competitive payment processing solutions for our merchant clients. Additionally, we have referral arrangements in which we introduce our clients who are pursuing ownership changes in their businesses to third parties that provide merger and acquisition advisory services. This is an example of the way we raise the expectations of what a bank can be.
Within the Retail Bank, we focused on delivering cost-effective products that provided improved fraud protection. Comerica Web Banking® was completely redesigned in 2015, with added features and functionality making it more user-friendly while also increasing security measures to better protect our customers and their financial information. To further protect our customers, the Retail Bank introduced IDMonitor (powered by TrustedID®, an Equifax® Company), an enhanced identity theft monitoring tool offering greater flexibility, protection and peace of mind against identity fraud. Comerica also introduced American Express® and Visa® EMV Credit Cards with smart chip technology, which, when linked to a Comerica checking account, provides overdraft and fraud protection.
In addition, the Retail Bank continues to leverage technology to better serve our customers. During 2015, we increased automation in banking centers, such as deploying teller cash recyclers, which are designed to fully automate the handling of cash. We also opened additional Experience Centers, banking centers of the future, to pilot technology, facility design and customer service concepts.
As we enhance our retail product offerings, we are encouraged by the great progress our Corporate Marketing area has made on the Marketing Analytics Platform (MAP). MAP combines over 30 different account and transactional data systems across the organization into a single platform that will allow us to reach out to customers with more relevant, timely and value-added offers. In 2016, MAP will include a closed-loop tracking of all customer communications, a more complete picture of our customer relationships, and campaigns that can be tracked to measure revenue impact.
4

As reported in 2014, Comerica was designated to serve as the financial agent for the U.S. Department of Treasury’s myRA program, a new savings option for those who do not have access to a retirement savings plan at work. After conducting an initial pilot phase of the program to get feedback and ensure that the user experience was as simple and straightforward as possible, Treasury announced the national launch of myRA in November 2015.
Wealth Management continues to provide us the ability to bring private banking, investment management and fiduciary services to our Business Bank and Retail Bank clients. A key strength of Comerica is working with business owners to address the needs of their businesses, as well as their personal wealth goals. Our Business Owner Advisory Services group within Wealth Management, partnering with the Business Bank, has had impressive results, bringing in some $1.8 billion in new balances in 2015, and over $4 billion since its inception in 2012.
Also within Wealth Management is our Professional Trust Alliance, which we established more than 20 years ago. We have alliances with third-party broker-dealers and registered investment advisers to provide trust administration and investment monitoring for their clients. We currently have agreements with 17 alliance partners, of which four were added in 2015. This business has become a significant contributor to our noninterest income, and assets under management continue to grow at an attractive pace. We serve our alliance partners and clients with 13 offices throughout the United States dedicated to building our Professional Trust Alliance business.
The Licensed Financial Specialist (LFS) program is a partnership between Comerica Securities and the Retail Bank. The LFS program is designed to expand the offerings available to our Retail Bank clients and to give them access to professional advice outside of traditional banking products and services. The program was launched in February 2014 and has resulted in over $466 million in new assets and over $7.2 million in new revenue since inception. It was another successful year for the LFS program in 2015, with revenues growing more than 30 percent year-over-year.
Comerica’s Balance Sheet is Well Positioned to Benefit from Rising Rates
The Federal Reserve increased its benchmark rate 25 basis points in December 2015, marking the first change it has made to the short-term benchmark rate in seven years. This signaled that the economy is performing well and should continue to expand at a moderate pace going forward.
Our revenue, and that of most banks, has been impacted by the persistent, near zero interest rate environment. Our balance sheet is sensitive to movement in interest rates. The majority of our revenue is derived from the interest we receive on the loans we provide to our clients. Our loan portfolio represents over two-thirds of our total assets as of December 31, 2015, and over 85 percent of our loans are floating rate. Therefore, as rates rise, our portfolio is expected to reprice quickly. Furthermore, over 50 percent of our deposits are noninterest-bearing so are less impacted by rate movement. This provides us a source of low-cost funding as loan growth continues. We benefitted from the December increase in short-term rates and are positioned to continue to benefit from any further rate increases.
Navigating Through the Energy Cycle
As oil prices declined, we have been closely monitoring our energy clients. We have extensive knowledge of energy lending, with a 30-plus-year history of managing a solid portfolio that has performed exceptionally well through a number of cycles. We underwrite this business to withstand the typical volatility you see in the sector.
5

Our customer base is primarily well-established, larger middle market companies. We have a robust energy credit policy, which includes parameters for engineering review, well and field diversity, and hedging requirements. We maintain a granular portfolio with about 200 clients. At December 31, 2015, about 69 percent of our outstanding loans come from companies involved in exploration and production of both oil and gas, with the remainder derived from midstream and energy services.
As of year-end, our Energy line of business loans totaled about $3.1 billion, or about 6 percent of our total loans. Balances declined throughout the year as our clients took the necessary actions to adjust their cash flow and reduce their bank debt, such as cutting their expenses, disposing of assets and tapping the capital markets. However, the stress of sustained low prices impacted companies’ cash flows, resulting in overall weakening of credit quality in this segment. As a result, in each quarter of 2015, we increased our reserves for energy loans. We remain committed to the energy sector and believe that in cycles such as the current one, we can further cement our reputation with our clients.
As far as the impact on the Texas economy, with lower oil prices, we have seen the Texas economy moderate from the strong growth we have experienced over the past few years. However, the Texas economy is more diverse than many realize (energy makes up only 15 percent of the state’s economy) and remains a strong attractor of businesses from out of state. Population growth is supporting new non- energy jobs, and a solid U.S. economy is creating demand for Texas goods and services. All in all, ongoing low oil prices could cause a further drag on the state economy.
Carefully Managing Expenses While Facing Headwinds
Comerica has a culture of prudent expense management. By carefully managing our workforce, we have been able to drive efficiency. The ratio of loans and deposits per employee has consistently increased for the past five years, demonstrating our ability to further enhance productivity. This includes adding over 150 colleagues to our Enterprise Risk Management area to meet the increasing regulatory demands. We are continually reallocating resources to areas that have better growth prospects and providing technology solutions to enable our colleagues to be more productive. Also, we have maintained tight control of occupancy expense by consolidating our real estate, reducing our square footage by 3 percent over the past year.
As we continue to face headwinds from the persistently low-rate environment and navigate our way through the energy cycle, we are undergoing an even more intense review of our expense base. This includes reviewing opportunities to judiciously re-negotiate vendor contracts, reduce real estate, and rationalize some operations. We expect that these efforts will ultimately help to further offset rising regulatory and technology demands. In short, we remain focused on maintaining our expense discipline, even as rates rise, as we drive toward our long-term goal of an efficiency ratio below 60 percent.
Technology Investments to Meet Increasing Regulatory Demands and Evolving Client Requirements
Technology expense is rising for us and the industry. In 2015, we experienced higher technology expenses primarily related to changes required by the credit card industry, stress test automation, cybersecurity and implementation of LCR. Also, we launched a comprehensive effort to enhance our technology platforms, infrastructure and capabilities. Though this investment plan will span several years, in 2015 we initiated projects to significantly upgrade our transaction processing capabilities, including check and cash processing systems, wire, card management and card processing systems, thus ensuring our clients will have access to leading-edge payments processing capabilities. In 2015, we also consolidated our various Wealth Management systems into a single, integrated platform; upgraded our Comerica Web Banking® and Comerica Mobile Banking® platforms; delivered several improvements to our commercial cash management platform and Comerica TM Connect®; and made critical investments to improve the resiliency and security of our systems.
6

We will continue to make further needed technology investments in 2016 that will sustain the long-term growth of our company, including banking center delivery upgrades, modernized payments capabilities such as same-day ACH and improved mobile delivery capabilities for our commercial cash management systems, as well as enhanced reporting and risk management systems. We also expect to make investments in various other technologies that will improve the automation, effectiveness and efficiency of our various back-office processing capabilities.
Our Strong Commitment to Community, Diversity and Sustainability
“Involvement” is a core value at Comerica, and the bank’s steadfast commitment to the communities it serves was underscored in many ways throughout 2015. Our involvement is not only the right thing to do but assists us in our business development efforts as we forge new relationships and grow existing ones.
Comerica contributed nearly $9 million to not-for-profit organizations in the markets we serve in 2015, and our employees raised more than $2.1 million for the United Way and Black United Fund. Comerica employees also donated their personal time and talents, nearly 74,000 hours, to make a positive difference in our local communities.
Our community “Shred Day” events continue to serve as an effective and highly visible signature community service, public education and branding campaign throughout our markets. Notable highlights include 2015 Shred Day DFW, in North Texas, which earned Comerica its third Guinness World Records® achievement with nearly 230 tons of documents securely destroyed and recycled in a single day, and which raised food and funds for the North Texas Food Bank. Between our Shred Day events in Dallas, Houston and Phoenix, we have shredded nearly 1.9 million pounds of sensitive paper documents, keeping that paper out of local landfills and away from identity thieves, while providing nearly 400,000 meals for local food banks since 2011.
This was the fourth year of our sponsorship of the Comerica Hatch Detroit Contest, which offers a $50,000 prize for the winning idea for a new retail business in Detroit. We also sponsored business pitch contests in Dallas and San Francisco. These contests offer us a signature opportunity to advance the aspirations of entrepreneurs in our local markets.
Another core value at Comerica is “Diversity.” In 2015, we earned a second consecutive perfect rating of 100 percent on the Human Rights Campaign Foundation’s 2016 Corporate Equality Index, a national benchmarking survey and report on corporate policies and practices related to LGBT workplace equality.
Black Enterprise magazine placed Comerica on its 2015 “40 Best Companies for Diversity” list. Comerica also ranked No. 2 on the DiversityInc 2015 Top 10 Regional Companies for Diversity. In addition, Comerica was named to LATINO Magazine’s 2015 “LATINO 100” list, the third annual listing of the top 100 companies providing the most opportunities for Latinos in such areas as education, hiring, workforce diversity, minority business development, governance and philanthropy.
Sustainability remains a priority for Comerica, and in 2015 we continued our progress on being a more sustainable organization. We continue to reduce our environmental footprint with our 2020 Environmental Sustainability Goals that will help us to further reduce waste, water use, paper consumption, and energy and emissions. Comerica continues to report on its progress using the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) framework, and in 2015 we published our first GRI-G4 report. The report provides a comprehensive look at 27 economic, environmental, social and governance “impact topics” developed after extensive consultation with a broad group of internal and external stakeholders.
7

Comerica Team Stands Strong
As we move forward, we believe we are well positioned. We are committed to providing high quality financial services and building lasting client relationships. We are confident that our relationship banking strategy can drive superior growth of loans, deposits and fee income. Our balance sheet structure benefits from rising interest rates, and our diverse geographic footprint is well situated to drive sustainable growth. As we, along with the industry, continue to face challenges, we are tightly managing expenses while we make necessary investments. Together with our board, we regularly examine, refine and adapt our business model, and we believe our strategic plan will assist us in driving continued profitable growth. As always, we remain focused on delivering long-term value for you, our shareholders.
Ralph W. Babb Jr.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 8
