To Our Stockholders
FOR THE YEAR ENDED AUGUST 31, 2007, your
Company reported annual net earnings per diluted share of $2.92 and recorded net earnings of $355 million on net sales of $8.3 billion. This compares with net earnings per diluted share of $2.89 and net earnings of $356 million on net sales of $7.2 billion last year. The current year included a pre-tax LIFO expense of $51.2 million ($0.27 per diluted share) compared with a pre-tax LIFO expense of $77.9 million ($0.41 per diluted share) in the previous year. The current year included $33.8 million of expenses due to SAP (ERP software). The effective tax rate decreased to 31.9% mainly due to benefits from international operations, in particular, Poland. The net earnings return on beginning equity was 29.1%. Another terrific year.

freight rates, steel imports are likely to decline even further. The housing slump had some impact on our operations, mainly our copper tube mill and, to a lesser extent, rebar shipments in markets such as Florida.

STRATEGY
We continue to focus on growth both in the U.S. and global markets, working to refine our longstanding business model of vertical integration. We extract value along the supply chain upstream with recycling (scrap sourcing and processing), steel mills and fabrication (downstream) as well as marketing and distribution. Our focus is global with a regional approach to our business.

SPECIFIC OBJECTIVES AND GROWTH INITIATIVES
During fiscal 2007, we accomplished the following:
1 CMC Steel Arizona (Micro Mill) ­ Ground work laid for a 280,000 ton per year dedicated rebar mill to be built and commissioned by mid-2009. 2 CMC Joist & Deck ­ In April 2007, we acquired three deck plants (160,000 tons capacity) and a joist plant (45,000 tons capacity). 3 CMC Zawiercie ­ In March 2007, we acquired substantially all the remaining shares of CMC Zawiercie. 4 Polish Mill Expansion ­ We announced plans to install a wire rod block (100,000 metric tons capacity) and flexible medium section rolling mill (650,000 metric tons capacity) at CMCZ. 5 CMC Sisak (Croatian Pipe Mill) ­ We successfully won the tender for a 300,000 metric tons capacity pipe mill in Croatia. Completion of the transaction occurred in September 2007. 6 ERP/SAP System ­ We invested $56 million, including capital expenditures of $22 million, on an ERP system using SAP software. This system will be implemented globally with the first rollouts planned for calendar 2008.

HIGHLIGHTS AND MARKET CONDITIONS
The year was highlighted by all five segments making a significant contribution. Global economic conditions were favorable and the U.S. economy, while slowing, was still resilient. Global markets and infrastructure spending were buoyant which resulted in record years for both our Marketing and Distribution segment and CMC Zawiercie (our Polish operations). Nonresidential construction in the U.S. remained strong which resulted in the second best year for our domestic steel mills. Our Domestic Fabrication segment had a very good year, although it suffered from a margin squeeze as steel prices rose during the first half of the year. Recycling also had a very good year; however, margins were squeezed on ferrous scrap mainly due to over capacity of shredders in the U.S. U.S. steel shipments were lower than 2006, due to service centers destocking virtually all of fiscal 2007 after overbuying in fiscal 2006. As well, a very wet spring and summer in Texas delayed shipments; both mill and fabrication segments were impacted. Steel imports which peaked in late 2006 continued strongly into the first half of 2007, but were dropping significantly by the end of fiscal 2007. The U.S. now has the lowest steel prices globally, and with a weak U.S. dollar and high

SAFETY
Safety is a major focus for our facilities world wide. We received awards for the safest facilities including CMC Steel Alabama (North American Steel Mills) and CMC Coil Steels ­ Brisbane (Australian Steel Industry).

ORGANIZATION
During fiscal 2007, we announced a new organizational structure to be effective from September 1, 2007. The Company will operate geographically in two major business groups: CMC Americas CMC International The new structure couples the strength of our integrated operations with our global coverage and sharpens our focus on maximizing the inherent operational efficiencies. It also enables us to better capture growth opportunities whenever and wherever presented.

COMMERCIAL METALS COMPANY 2007 ANNUAL REPORT 03

DOMESTIC MILLS
The year started strongly but slowed, in particular, in the fourth quarter. Steel shipments were impacted by destocking at the service centers (merchant bar) and an extremely wet summer which delayed construction projects (rebar). The nonresidential construction market overall remained strong. However, residential construction continued to decline, and while this had some impact on rebar shipments (e.g., condo construction), the bigger impact was on our copper tube mill business. The segment adjusted operating profit of $275 million in fiscal 2007 was 9% below the $301 million recorded in fiscal 2006. Though tons shipped for our four domestic steel mills were 10% lower than last year, our sales were slightly higher due to increased selling prices. Record metal margins helped to compensate for lower volumes. Our copper tube mill had an historically strong year, but could not keep pace with last year as metal margins declined in the face of the housing slump.

NET SALES
($ BILLIONS)

NET EARNINGS
($ MILLIONS)

9
8.3

400
356 355

8
7.2

350 300 250 200

7
6.3

286

6
4.6

5 4

2.7

3 2 1 0
19

132

150 100 50 0

03

04

05

06

07

03

04

05

06

07

Adjusted operating profit was $89 million compared with $96 million in fiscal 2006. Shipments from our fab plants totaled 1.60 million tons compared with 1.65 million tons in fiscal 2006.

CMCZ
CMCZ, our Polish steel mill operations, had an exceptional year. For the year, the segment's adjusted operating profit was $112 million compared with $53 million in fiscal 2006. A mild winter kick started the construction season early with rebar and other construction steel product prices rising from January 2007. Construction markets from Germany to Russia were strong and as steel prices rapidly increased (peaking in April) large quantities of steel imports were booked from countries such as Turkey. This resulted in excessive inventories during the fourth quarter fiscal 2007. As a result, prices declined significantly. The mega shredder at CMCZ made a significant contribution, in particular, to yield improvement. Our greenfield rebar fabrication plant at CMCZ had an excellent start up and was profitable during fiscal 2007. For further growth at CMCZ, we will install a wire rod block (100,000 metric tons capacity) and a flexible medium section rolling mill (650,000 metric tons capacity), both of which will be operational within two years. All product areas ­ rebar fabrication, construction-related products (CRP), steel joist manufacturing, steel fence post fabrication, cellular beam fabrication, structural steel fabrication, heat treating and, more recently, deck manufacturing ­ contributed to the profitability. Further acquisitions during the year added to our downstream operations in the U.S.

RECYCLING
It was another very good year for our recycling operations. Adjusted operating profit for fiscal 2007 was $90 million on net sales of $1.6 billion compared with fiscal 2006 adjusted operating profit of $100 million on net sales of $1.4 billion. Ferrous scrap prices peaked in the third quarter, flows remained strong with the only negative being a margin squeeze on shredded scrap due to shredder overcapacity in the U.S. Nonferrous scrap continued to be very volatile and exports were difficult in the fourth quarter due to China's clamp down on customs-related issues with imports. The Yonack acquisition was very successful, improving volumes of both ferrous and nonferrous scrap.

DOMESTIC FABRICATION
Steel prices (input costs) rose in the first three quarters which caused some margin squeeze. However, by the fourth quarter, prices had stabilized and margins expanded. In some regions, shipments were impacted by the wet spring and summer months. The acquisition of N.J. Bouras' joist and deck business in April was a positive which was reflected in the fourth quarter's results. Overall, nonresidential construction markets remained strong.

MARKETING & DISTRIBUTION
Fiscal 2007 was another excellent year for this segment. Global market conditions were very favorable, and all continuing business divisions within this segment were profitable. This year's adjusted operating profit was $85 million or 22% higher than fiscal 2006. The foreign exchange rates were favorable in fiscal 2007 as compared with fiscal 2006 and resulted in increased net sales of approximately 7%.

04 COMMERCIAL METALS COMPANY 2007 ANNUAL REPORT

2007 NET SALES Domestic Mills 17% CMCZ 8% Domestic Fabrication 20% Recycling 17% Marketing 38%

quarterly cash dividend of 12 cents per share effective with the dividend anticipated to be paid in January 2008, we have increased the dividend four times in the last eighteen months.

FISCAL 2008 CAPITAL PLAN
Our capital and investment spending for 2008 is aggressive. Normal maintenance and upgrade expenditures are budgeted at $206 million, about equal to last year. Our continued investment in our Arizona micro mill and the wire rod block in Poland, plus the initial phases of our new flexible rolling mill in Poland, will be $116 million. New acquisitions are budgeted at $96 million, the largest of which, CMC Sisak (Croatia), closed in September 2007. Finally, we will invest approximately $76 million in our continued roll out of SAP across CMC. With the remaining proceeds of our debt offering plus normal cash flow, we held cash and cash equivalents of $419 million at year end to meet these capital needs.

2007 EARNINGS BEFORE INCOME TAXES Domestic Mills 43% CMCZ 18% Domestic Fabrication 14% Recycling 14% Marketing 11%

2007 CAPITAL EXPENDITURES Domestic Mills 50% CMCZ 18% Domestic Fabrication 19% Recycling 10% Marketing 3%

NEAR-TERM OUTLOOK
The prospects are very good for another strong year for CMC in 2008. We believe the year will be typical with a good first quarter followed by a slower second quarter (winter months) and then a strong finish in the third and fourth quarters. The housing market slump and the more recent sub prime mortgage crisis/credit squeeze have slowed the U.S. economy. The global economies remain relatively solid, although in Europe there are some signs of slowing growth. Nonresidential construction remains strong in the U.S. and in most global markets. This is the key driver for our business. The strong 2007 results should carry forward into a good first quarter for 2008. Our domestic mills should have a solid first quarter, particularly if shipments to service centers and rebar fabricators improve. The Recycling segment should have a good quarter based on relatively high ferrous scrap prices, good shipping volumes and a healthy nonferrous global scrap market. Margins on shredded ferrous scrap should continue to be squeezed due to the overcapacity of shredders in the U.S. Our U.S. fabrication business should have a solid quarter based on a very good backlog at good prices. The steel import distribution business in the U.S. is likely to be negatively impacted by the rapid decline in steel imports. Our copper tube mill should continue to perform well with shipping volumes and margins relatively stable.

2007 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION Domestic Mills 34% CMCZ 24% Domestic Fabrication 27% Recycling 12% Marketing 3%

U.S. steel import volumes and operating profits were very strong although declining significantly by the end of fiscal 2007. International steel markets remained buoyant. The Chinese remained strong exporters; however, with export taxes on most steel products, export volumes started to decline. Our European, Asian and Australian steel operations all had very good years. In August 2007, CMC's Board of Directors approved a plan to sell a division which is involved with the buying, selling and distribution of nonferrous metals. This is treated as a discontinued operation in the consolidated financial statements.

FINANCIAL CONDITION
We remain one of the few investment grade credits in the steel industry. Our July 2007, $400 million ten year debt offering was well oversubscribed and, after the positive effect of interest rate hedging, yielded 6.45%. Even including this new debt plus the debt of CMCZ which has recourse only to the assets of CMCZ, our debt to capital ratio was only 31%. Our current ratio is 2.3. Our coverage ratios are strong. During the year we repurchased 2.12 million shares of the Company's common stock at an average price of $27.95 per share. Including our announced intention to institute a Internationally, our Polish mill (CMCZ) should have a profitable quarter, although lower than the fourth quarter of fiscal 2007. It may take until the second quarter before supply and demand become more balanced. Our newly acquired mill in Croatia (CMC Sisak) is a turnaround situation and may have a slight negative impact on first quarter results. The international fabrication and distribution operations should have a solid quarter, although down from fourth quarter fiscal 2007 results.

COMMERCIAL METALS COMPANY 2007 ANNUAL REPORT 05

Steel imports into the U.S. will continue to fall significantly. As well, consolidation of steel producers in the U.S. has resulted in more supply discipline. Service centers' inventory levels for most steel products are the lowest in two years. The combination of lower steel imports, producer supply discipline and lower inventory levels should result in stable, if not slowly increasing, shipping levels, stable margins and prices with an upward bias. Globally, China has reduced steel exports through removal of VAT tax rebates and new export taxes. The impact should be higher international steel prices. As well, 2008 contract iron ore prices are likely to increase significantly which will result in higher steel prices. Ferrous scrap prices, while remaining volatile, should also trend upwards. Ocean freight rates should remain at high levels due to the demand for iron ore, coal and other key raw materials. We anticipate investments for fiscal 2008 will be $494 million including routine capex ($206 million), SAP ($76 million), the Arizona micro mill and flexible rolling mill in Poland ($116 million) and other acquisitions/investments ($96 million).

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT
This letter to stockholders contains forward-looking statements regarding the outlook for the Company's financial results including net earnings, product pricing and demand, production rates, interest rates, inventory levels, impact of acquisitions and general market conditions. These forward-looking statements generally can be identified by phrases such as the Company or its management "expect," "anticipates," "believe," "ought," "should," "likely," "appears," "projected," "forecast," "outlook," "will" or other words or phrases of similar impact. There is inherent risk and uncertainty in any forward-looking statements. Variances will occur and some could be materially different from management's current opinion. Developments that could impact the Company's expectations include construction activity, difficulties or delays in the execution of construction contracts resulting in cost overruns or contract disputes, metals pricing over which the Company exerts little influence, interest rate changes, increased capacity and product availability from competing steel minimills and other steel suppliers including import quantities and pricing, court decisions, industry consolidation or changes in production capacity or utilization, the ability to integrate acquisitions into operations, global factors including political and military uncertainties, credit availability, currency fluctuations, energy and supply prices and decisions by governments impacting the level of steel imports and pace of overall economic activity, particularly China.

LONG-TERM OUTLOOK
While there will be cycles within cycles, the long-term business cycle should continue to trend upward. The global demand for raw materials and steel for nonresidential construction, including infrastructure, should remain strong. The consumption growth rate of steel in emerging countries including China, India, Russia, Brazil, Central and Eastern Europe, Southeast Asia, North Africa and the Middle East should at least match the GDP growth rate of these countries and, in many cases, be higher. China should continue to curb steel exports through a combination of export taxes and environmental regulations which will shut down old steel capacity. Consolidation of steel producers is likely to continue globally resulting in supply discipline. Highway spending and infrastructure requirements in the U.S. should increase and nonresidential construction in general should remain at healthy levels. The U.S. dollar is likely to remain weak which is a natural barrier for steel imports into the U.S. As well, ocean freight rates are projected to remain high. Historically, the U.S. has had the lowest ferrous scrap prices in the world, and this trend is likely to continue with the U.S. remaining a net exporter of ferrous scrap. We believe we are well positioned to take advantage of growth opportunities in certain global emerging markets. In the U.S., our vertical integration business model will allow us to remain very competitive. We are optimistic that we are in a global super-cycle which will last several years driven by the demands of emerging countries for housing, highways, airports, ports, manufacturing facilities, commercial and public buildings and other nonresidential projects. The sheer size of the populations in many of these emerging countries dwarfs those countries which benefited from the last super-cycle of the 1950s and 1960s.

(LEFT TO RIGHT) STANLEY A. RABIN, MURRAY R. MCCLEAN

Stanley A. Rabin
CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD

Murray R. McClean
PRESIDENT & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

