to our StockhoLderS
for the year ended august 31, 2009, your company reported annual net earnIngs per dIluted share of $0.18 and recorded net earnIngs of $20.8 mIllIon on net sales of $6.8 bIllIon. thIs compares WIth net earnIngs per dIluted share of $1.97 and net earnIngs of $232 mIllIon on net sales of $10.4 bIllIon last year. the current year Included after-tax lIfo Income of $208 mIllIon or $1.83 per dIluted share. thIs compares WIth an after-tax lIfo expense of $209 mIllIon or $1.78 per dIluted share last year. the effectIve tax rate for the year Was 40%. We have alWays acknoWledged that We are In a cyclIcal busIness; hoWever, the current global recessIon has resulted In the Worst doWn cycle We have seen In over 30 years. as a company, all of our busInesses have been Impacted by the recessIon. We have been tested lIke feW other tImes In our 94 year hIstory. We are, hoWever, pleased to report that We dId remaIn profItable and that the efforts of our people Were outstandIng In such a dIffIcult market envIronment.

2009 net sales

2009 aDjusteD operating proFit

americas recycling 10% americas Mills 16% americas Fabrication & Distribution 33% International Mills 9% International Fabrication & Distribution 32%

americas recycling (44%) americas Mills 129% americas Fabrication & Distribution 55% International Mills (38%) International Fabrication & Distribution (2%)

6

Highlights and Market Conditions
The global financial crisis which started early in our fiscal 2009 year literally froze credit markets and resulted in a collapse in end-use demand for our products. As a result, most of fiscal 2009 was a period of inventory destocking for both CMC and our customers. In addition, we scaled back our businesses to match market demands. Virtually all the markets in which we operate were impacted by the global recession. The notable exception was China which did slow initially, but then accelerated its growth during calendar 2009 due to a very successful stimulus package plus an easing of their monetary policy. This was in stark contrast to the U.S. where much was promised, but little has been delivered to date. In the second half of our fiscal 2009 we did see Asia, in general (apart from Japan), starting to recover. Australia, which was one of the last countries into the recession, was also one of the first countries out of the recession. In the U.S., the non-residential markets exposed to the private sector continued to weaken. The non-residential public sector was reasonable; however, any further growth is dependent on the stimulus package. In Europe, the steel markets were greatly impacted by the fall off in demand and high inventory levels. Virtually all European economies had negative GDP with Poland's GDP slightly positive. The Middle East and North African steel markets were impacted by the global financial crisis and the falling price of oil. However, with oil recovering to $80 per barrel, there are early signs of a recovery in these markets for fiscal 2010. Parts of our U.S. business did very well in fiscal 2009, including those steel mills exposed to highway work and public sector work. As well, some of our rebar fabrication facilities had record or near record years based on high-priced backlogs at the beginning of the year. Other businesses in the U.S. suffered almost immediately after the financial meltdown commenced in September 2008. These included our recycling business which was caught with high cost inventory and a high cost structure. By the end of fiscal 2009, the recycling business

had returned to profitability after both inventories and costs were substantially reduced. Many other business units were reduced to match market conditions. We experienced major losses in our U.S. steel import business, mainly due to customers' noncompliance to contracts and resulting unwarranted inventory positions. The inventory situation will take several more months to wind down and this mainly involves pipe and special bar quality (SBQ). Internationally, we were pleased with the volume of shipments from our mill in Poland; however, in the second half of fiscal 2009 we were not happy with the margins. Our mill in Croatia was disappointing, posting significant losses. The capital expenditure investments in a modified caster and upgraded melt shop and bag house will lower conversion costs, but we will not achieve these benefits until the second half of fiscal 2010. In addition, during fiscal 2009 the markets became extremely competitive for line pipe and OCTG as the Chinese focused on the Middle East and North Africa following anti-dumping action in the U.S. and Europe on Chinese pipe. Our international trading activities were all initially impacted by the global recession. However, by fiscal year end 2009, they had returned to profitability. Our raw materials and industrial products business, based in the U.S., remained profitable throughout fiscal 2009 and, in fact, had their second best year.

strategy
We further refined our vertical integration business model and gained efficiencies across the supply chain. We were able to successfully conserve cash within the Company by maximizing internal purchases. In addition, cash was generated through a major effort to reduce working capital. Our product and geographic diversification also helped to soften the impact of the severe market environment. Our focus continues to be global with a regional approach to our business. Above all else in fiscal 2009, our focus was on keeping the Company safe with a strong balance sheet. At year end we had $406 million in cash and short-term investments.
commercial metals company 2009 annual report

| 7

SPECIFIC OBJECTIVES AND ACTION TAKEN IN FISCAL 2009
During fiscal 2009, we accomplished the following: >  Reflecting our commitment to putting safety first, our facilities achieved high marks for safety and low rates of injury. ·  For calendar 2008, two of our four U.S. steel mills achieved first and second ranking in North America as recognized by the Steel Manufacturers Association. Individually, our mills were ranked: 1st CMC Steel Alabama

>W  e reduced our global workforce by approximately 2,600 employees (19% of total employees) during fiscal 2009. Global payroll was reduced by over $100 million (annual run rate basis).

THE STRENGTH OF CMC ­ OUR PEOPLE
We have a strong culture within CMC based on our core value system and The CMC Way. Our people at all levels within CMC have performed superbly in the most difficult business environment in our working lives. We continue to develop our people at all levels of the organization through training programs. One of these programs is the Leadership Development program where each year a group of sixteen managers from both our CMC Americas Division and CMC International Division participate in an intensive leadership course. Many former participants have either been promoted to more senior management roles or are gaining experience in a different business function. We believe in succession planning and have a structured process to both indentify and develop candidates for each senior manager's position within the Company. In these tough times we have not cut back on our training programs. In fact, we have increased our focus on training whether it be safety, management, supervisors, operational, compliance or leadership development. The future leaders of CMC are within CMC. These talented people will further strengthen CMC in the years ahead.

2nd CMC Steel Texas 10th CMC Steel Arkansas 11th CMC Steel South Carolina · CMC Joist and Deck in Florida completed calendar 2008 with no injuries and received top honors from The Steel Joist Institute for the lowest incident rate and lowest severity rate of its member companies with zero OSHA recordable injuries. · Sixty-two CMC Americas' locations (30% of all locations) completed the year with zero injuries. · CMC Zawiercie, our Polish steel mill, ran one million man hours without a lost-time accident as of August 31, 2009. · The Recycling Division's safety incident rate was reduced by 60% after creating and implementing regional safety organizations. > The new micromill in Arizona (CMC Steel Arizona) rolled its first rebar in August 2009. The start up has been excellent and is a great compliment to all CMC personnel involved. > We continued the successful rollout of SAP at the remaining U.S. steel mills and at 47 rebar fabrication sites. > Supply Chain Management, as part of shared services in the Americas and utilizing SAP, was able to achieve cost benefits of approximately $31 million in fiscal 2009.

FINANCIAL CONDITION AND LIQUIDITY
As mentioned earlier, our main focus was on cash and cash generation in fiscal 2009 with $406 million in cash and short-term investments at year end. Substantial portions of our accounts receivable are backed by letters of credit and are credit insured. We have established an allowance for doubtful accounts of $42 million. Substantially all of our U.S. domestic inventories are on LIFO. The LIFO reserve at year end was $242 million. The current ratio was 2.4. We had no drawings on our domestic accounts receivable securitization program. Our $400 million revolver was available apart from $27.9 million of letters of credit outstanding

8

2009 Capital expenDitures

2009 DepreCiation anD amortiZation

americas recycling 8% americas Mills 37% americas Fabrication & Distribution 6% International Mills 43% International Fabrication & Distribution 6%

americas recycling 15% americas Mills 26% americas Fabrication & Distribution 40% International Mills 16% International Fabrication & Distribution 3%

against it as of August 31, 2009. At year end, goodwill and intangibles totaled approximately $140 million, representing only 4% of total assets. Our debt maturity profile has no substantial long-term debt payments due until 2013. In addition, we met our debt covenant tests.

intensive projects including infrastructure, public housing and energy plants. China may curb new steel production to control excess steel capacity. Chinese flat product mills may also cut back production to reduce high levels of flat product inventory within China. Both flat product and long product steel prices have declined since mid-August 2009 and are likely to trend lower for the remainder of calendar 2009. China may increase their exports of higher value steel products, but most of these exports are likely to target nearby Asian markets. Most markets in Asia are likely to continue to improve including Taiwan, Vietnam and Malaysia. Australia's economic recovery is ahead of the U.S. In Europe, the recovery is likely to be mixed, with Germany and France already experiencing modest recoveries. Poland appears to be well placed among central eastern European countries with an improving GDP. Clearly, with the approaching winter months, construction will slow considerably before improving again early in calendar 2010. The short-term outlook on our various segments is as follows: americas recycling > Ferrous scrap prices and volumes are likely to trend lower which may
commercial metals company 2009 annual report

fiScaL 2010 caPitaL PLan
We are targeting our capital spending at no more than $150 million in fiscal 2010. Approximately $100 million will be required to complete major projects such as the flexible mill in Poland and the melt shop upgrade in Croatia. Also included in the $100 million are essential environmental, safety and maintenance requirements. The balance of $50 million will be reviewed on a priority and "as needed" basis during fiscal 2010.

near-terM outLook
U.S. domestic market conditions appear to be stabilizing, but at very modest levels. The U.S. stimulus programs are likely to impact the public non-residential construction sector during calendar 2010 with a slow ramp up. Private non-residential construction is likely to remain weak. We anticipate both ferrous scrap prices and rebar prices to trend moderately lower for the remainder of calendar 2009 before picking up early in calendar 2010. Rebar imports should remain low. The growth of China's GDP is likely to be 8-9% in calendar 2009. China continues to fund steel

negatively impact margins through the end of calendar 2009. We anticipate a significant increase both in ferrous scrap prices and shipments by early calendar 2010. americas mills > The steel mills' capacity utilization rates are likely to decrease to around

| 9

60% with both lower shipments and lower finished goods prices. The metal margin is also likely to trend lower in the short term. Americas Fabrication & Distribution > The weakness in the private non-residential construction sector is likely to continue for some months. As a result of very competitive bidding activity, fabricated steel product prices are likely to continue to soften, resulting in a margin squeeze. The public non-residential construction sector is likely to remain the only positive sector, and further growth will be added once the stimulus programs come into effect during calendar 2010. The U.S. steel trading business is likely to be several months away from selling all inventory accumulated in fiscal 2009. International Mills > The international mills in Poland and Croatia will face a slowdown in market conditions as winter approaches. We anticipate better results from both mills starting in early calendar 2010. International Fabrication & Distribution > Most business units within this segment are likely to be profitable. We will continue to focus on cash generation and working capital reduction. Our cost cutting programs will continue until such time as we are confident a sustainable recovery is underway.

improve during the second half of fiscal 2010. We are well placed to take advantage of any pick up in demand in key global markets. Clearly, easing of credit to the private sector is a key factor to a sustained recovery in global markets. Various government stimulus packages continue to be a positive for growth in calendar 2010. We continue to believe in the long-term secular cycle and the need for significant infrastructure improvements, both in the U.S. and emerging countries. Our recent investments in the rebar micromill in Arizona, both the wire rod block and flexible mill in Poland, as well as the upgrades of the caster and melt shop in Croatia, should collectively take advantage of growing global infrastructure needs. In addition, our vertical integration business model adds value along the supply chain and, enhanced by SAP, we should be in an excellent position to compete long-term in all our business segments.

CMC'S FOCUS IN FISCAL 2010
Our main focus in fiscal 2010 will be to keep the company safe with adequate cash reserves. We will also focus on working capital management and further cost reductions. We will improve efficiencies by further utilizing our vertical integration business model and with more extensive use of SAP. In addition, we will further develop our supply chain initiatives, including expanding shared services. A very key focus will be on our customers and service. We will learn from mistakes made in fiscal 2009 and increase our focus on execution of contracts and risk management. To this extent, we will improve both business practices and trading disciplines where relevant. Our people remain the key for our future success, and we are increasing our focus on people development, training and succession planning. We will be prepared for when a global economic recovery occurs. We believe our recent investments will enable our Company to grow significantly as markets recover. Looking beyond fiscal 2010, we should be well placed to make further strategic investments as opportunities arise.

LONG-TERM OUTLOOK
We believe during the second half of fiscal 2010 we should start seeing a gradual recovery in U.S. non-residential construction as a result of the stimulus package. In 2010, Asian markets, led by China, should grow even stronger than in 2009 during the peak construction season (spring/ summer). Europe also should improve over the spring/summer months of 2010 with Poland, in particular, likely to benefit. By segment, we anticipate Americas Recycling and Americas Mills to improve while Americas Fabrication & Distribution may continue to experience a margin squeeze. Internationally, both the International Mills and International Fabrication & Distribution segments should

10

cautionary statement
This letter to stockholders contains forward-looking statements with respect to our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and business, and our expectations or beliefs concerning future events, including net earnings, economic conditions, credit availability, product pricing and demand, currency valuation, production rates, energy expense, interest rates, inventory levels, acquisitions, construction and operation of new facilities and general market conditions. These forward-looking statements can generally be identified by phrases such as we or our management "expects," "anticipates," "believes," "plans to," "ought," "could," "will," "should," "likely," "appears," "projects," "forecasts," "outlook" or other similar words or phrases. There are inherent risks and uncertainties in any forward-looking statements. Variances will occur and some could be materially different from our current opinion. Developments that could impact our expectations include the absence of global economic recovery or possible recession relapse; solvency of financial institutions and their ability or willingness to lend; success or failure of governmental efforts to stimulate the economy including restoring credit availability and confidence in a recovery; customer non-compliance with contracts; construction activity; decisions by governments affecting the level of steel imports, including tariffs and duties; ability to integrate acquisitions into operations; litigation claims and settlements; difficulties or delays in the execution of construction contracts resulting in cost overruns or contract disputes; unsuccessful implementation

of new technology; metals pricing over which we exert little influence; increased capacity and product availability from competing steel minimills and other steel suppliers including import quantities and pricing; execution of cost minimization strategies; court decisions; industry consolidation or changes in production capacity or utilization; global factors including political and military uncertainties; currency fluctuations; interest rate changes; scrap metal, energy, insurance and supply prices; and the pace of overall economic activity, particularly in China.

Murray R. McClean Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer November 9, 2009

11

commercial metals company 2009 annual report

|

