TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS

For the year ended August 31, 2006, your Company reported record annual net earnings per diluted share of $2.89 and record net earnings of $356 million on net sales of $7.6 billion. This compares with net earnings per diluted share of $2.32 and net earnings of $286 million on net sales of $6.6 billion last year. The current year included a pre-tax LIFO expense of $77.9 million ($0.41 per diluted share) compared with a pre-tax LIFO expense of $19.3 million ($0.10 per diluted share) in the previous year. The LIFO inventory reserve grew to $189.3 million. The prior year included pre-tax income of $20.1 million resulting from the settlement of business interruption claims for transformer failures at the Texas and South Carolina steel minimills. The effective tax rate for fiscal 2006 decreased to 33.9% because of a segment shift in operating income plus the repatriation of certain unremitted foreign earnings. The net income return on beginning equity was 40%. What a sensational year! The stars were aligned in fiscal 2006. All five business segments had a great year with domestic mills (both steel and copper tube), the Polish steel operation and recycling especially outstanding. Market conditions were very favorable, in particular non-residential construction in the U.S. and Central Europe. But our execution also was excellent. And, just as surely, our long-enacted strategy of vertical integration and diversification, the very

strategy which has helped us profitably withstand more challenging market conditions, has placed us in a position to reap maximum benefits from positive circumstances as well, which we have demonstrated over the past three years. Moreover, we again managed well the pricing volatility in our markets. International markets were impacted, by varying degrees, to lower steel prices in the first half of fiscal 2006. However, there was a strong recovery during the second half of the year, although some markets (notably China) experienced declining prices during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2006. We increased our business both globally and regionally within the U.S. We grew through acquisitions as well as brownfield and greenfield investments. We expanded via product and geographic diversification. Some specific objectives that were achieved include: 1) Successfully commissioning the new continuous caster at Seguin, Texas; 2) A significant turnaround at CMCZ, including key organizational changes; 3) An excellent start up for the mega-shredder and rebar fab shop at CMCZ, as well as melt shop improvements; and 4) Successfully branding "CMC" across the Company. There were no real disappointments in fiscal 2006. Because of the rising steel prices, our fabrication businesses did sustain some margin squeeze. When prices stabilize or

[ 3 ] Commercial Metals Company 2006 Annual Report

2006 NET SALES Domestic Mills 19% CMCZ 7% Domestic Fabrication 22% Recycling 16% Marketing 36%

2006 EARNINGS BEFORE INCOME TAXES Domestic Mills 50% CMCZ 8% Domestic Fabrication 16% Recycling 16% Marketing 10%

2006 CAPITAL EXPENDITURES Domestic Mills 37% CMCZ 28% Domestic Fabrication 21% Recycling 10% Marketing 4%

2006 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION Domestic Mills 41% CMCZ 28% Domestic Fabrication 18% Recycling 10% Marketing 3%

fall, the margins will again improve significantly. Most of our businesses are at or near full capacity as currently configured. The theme of this year's annual report is why CMC has tremendous confidence in its future. Domestic Mills In fiscal 2006, we far exceeded the excellent performance of fiscal 2005 and set numerous sales, production and shipment records while we benefited from record high metal spreads. End-user demand generally was good, but it is important to note that our inventory management was excellent in a steel market in which many buyers were reducing their own inventories during a good part of the year. Segment adjusted operating profit of $301 million in fiscal 2006 was 29% above the $233 million recorded in fiscal 2005. This year's increase in the LIFO reserve was $28.8 million compared with $8.2 million last year. Last year included as well the income from the business interruption claims. Within the segment, net sales for the four domestic steel mills jumped 18% to an historic high $1.4 billion. The record adjusted operating profit of $264 million this year compared with $228 million the prior year. In addition to many production and shipment records, our safety performance was outstanding. Pre-tax LIFO expense was $15.5 million versus an expense of $7.7 million one year ago. On a year-

to-year basis, tonnage melted was up 7% to 2.32 million tons; tonnage rolled was 2.20 million tons, 9% above last year; and shipments increased 10% to 2.49 million tons. Our average total mill selling price was $40 above last year at $513 per ton, while the average scrap purchase cost rose by $20 per ton. The FIFO metal margin based on scrap utilized increased $24 per ton to $299 per ton. Meanwhile, supplies and other input costs rose almost across the board. The net result, though, was considerably higher profitability. The copper tube mill recorded an adjusted operating profit of $37.0 million versus last year's $5.1 million. The LIFO effect was a pre-tax expense of $13.4 million compared with a modest expense the prior year. While the average cost of copper scrap rose 66% to $2.29 per pound, the average sales price of our copper tube jumped even more, by 73% to $3.35 per pound. Accordingly, the FIFO metal margin increased from $0.64 per pound to $1.39 per pound. The improved spread was due, in part, to an expanded mix of higher value-added products. Sales of plumbing tube were down, both from the slowdown in residential construction and the high price of copper, leading buyers to postpone purchases. Our mill did an excellent job of matching output to order intake. For the year, copper tube production increased 2% to 63.3 million pounds, while shipments declined modestly to 65.7 million pounds.

[4]

CMCZ The Polish steel mill and related operations showed a tremendous turnaround with excellent results by year end after a relatively slow start. For the year, the segment's adjusted operating profit was $52.8 million compared with an essentially breakeven performance (on a 100%-owned basis) in fiscal 2005. This year tons melted were 1.28 million, rolled tons equaled 1.12 million, and shipments totaled 1.25 million tons. For the prior year, the numbers were 1.1 million, 871 thousand, and 1.09 million tons, respectively. Meanwhile, the average selling price climbed to PLN 1,388 per ton from PLN 1,376 per ton, while the average scrap purchase cost decreased to PLN 629 per ton from PLN 650 per ton. The metal spread based on raw materials consumed rose from PLN 586 per ton to PLN 660 per ton. The internal measures we took toward the end of fiscal 2005 to improve our scrap procurement and steel marketing efficiency and effectiveness were extremely beneficial. We continued to implement our basic strategy for CMCZ, which is to follow the vertical integration model that has been so successful for us in North America. The lead capital project was the installation of a scrap mega-shredder on the mill site which started up successfully during May 2006, followed by an equally successful commissioning in July 2006 of a greenfield rebar fabrication plant at the Zawiercie site.

Domestic Fabrication As we expected, our downstream businesses achieved excellent results, although profitability was impacted by the rising steel mill prices. Our primary nonresidential construction markets, both private and public, were strong and generally improving throughout the year. Adjusted operating profit was $96 million, compared with the historically high $102 million in fiscal 2005. LIFO expense this year was $20.0 million versus $6.6 million last year. Clearly, we continued to benefit from a number of acquisitions made over the past several years along with organic growth. Shipments from our fab plants totaled 1.65 million tons, 23% above fiscal 2005. Within this segment, prices were mostly higher and volumes up almost across-the-board. All product areas ­ rebar fabrication, construction-related products (CRP), steel joist manufacturing, steel fence post fabrication, cellular beam fabrication, structural steel fabrication and heat treating ­ contributed to the profitability. Acquisitions during the year added to our downstream capability in the United States: in November 2005, a rebar fabrication facility in eastern Virginia and in July 2006 and August 2006, new locations associated with constructionrelated products in Oklahoma, Arkansas, Arizona, and California.

New CMC Branding
In fiscal 2006, the Company implemented a new global branding initiative, bringing our ever-expanding corporate family together with one consistent, global look. In our new identity system, all members of the CMC family will have CMC in their names and will share our new look, so our customers the world over will always know when they're doing business with CMC. We are also uniting the Company's websites under one domain name, cmc.com. To help launch our new logo, and in recognition of the importance of safety to our operations worldwide, CMC issued a hard hat with our new logo to all employees.

[ 5 ] Commercial Metals Company 2006 Annual Report

Recycling It was the third consecutive record year for CMC Recycling (CMCR). Once again we managed through high volatility in the ferrous and nonferrous scrap markets. On balance, though, ferrous scrap prices were stronger, and volume was up significantly. Nonferrous prices were at record highs throughout the fiscal year, although consumer demand for scrap varied; nonetheless, volume also increased significantly. Adjusted operating profit for fiscal 2006 was $100.0 million on net sales of $1.36 billion compared with fiscal 2005's adjusted operating profit of $70.8 million on net sales of $896.9 million. This year's LIFO expense was $12.5 million versus an expense of $3.0 million the prior year. Versus last year, the average ferrous scrap sales price increased by 9% to $203 per ton and shipments rose 15% to 2.15 million tons. The average nonferrous scrap sales price for the year was approximately 52% above a year ago, while shipments were 12% higher at 327 thousand tons. The total volume of scrap processed, including all our processing plants, equaled 3.70 million tons against 3.33 million tons last year. During the fourth quarter, we acquired substantially all the operating assets of Yonack Iron & Metal and affiliates with locations in Texas, Oklahoma and Arkansas. Marketing & Distribution It was another outstanding year for this segment in fiscal 2006 following the record fiscal 2005, reflecting again broad-based, robust sales and higher gross margins. International market conditions were mostly favorable. While China continued to be a significant factor in our growth and a contributor to strong markets, we were able in all of our divisions to increase volume in existing product lines and to diversify into new products and source or sell in new markets. Important market areas for us included the U.S.A., China, other Asia, Australia, Germany, the U.K. and Central Europe. Adjusted operating profit for this segment in fiscal 2006 equaled $69.8 million, which compared with $90.4 million in fiscal 2005. LIFO expense was $16.6 million this year against an expense of $1.5 million last year. Profitability was mixed by product area, but relatively strong in most, especially steel marketing and industrial raw materials. Our value-added downstream and processing businesses continued to generate good profits in the current year, albeit lower than the previous fiscal year.

NET SALES
($ billions)

NET EARNINGS
($ millions)

7.6 6.6

8

400 356 350 286 300 250 200 132 150 100 41 19 50 0 02 03 04 05 06

7 6

4.8

5 4

2.9 2.5

3 2 1 0

02

03

04

05

06

Financial Condition Our financial position remained strong. At year end, long-term debt as a percentage of total capitalization was 20.4%, and the ratio of total debt to total capitalization plus short-term debt was 26.1%. Both ratios included the debt of CMCZ which has recourse only to the assets of CMCZ. Our working capital was $962 million, and the current ratio was 1.8. Our coverage ratios were strong. During the year we repurchased 3.47 million shares of the Company's common stock at an average price of $22.67 per share. Stock Split/Increased Stock Dividend On May 22, 2006, the Company completed a two-for-one stock split in the form of a 100% stock dividend with the distribution of the additional shares to shareholders of record May 8, 2006. At the time the split was announced, the Company also stated its intent to institute a quarterly cash dividend of 6 cents per share on the increased number of shares resulting from the stock dividend. The board of directors subsequently increased the quarterly cash dividend to this increased rate of 6 cents per share. After the effect of the additional shares resulting from the split, this new cash dividend rate represents a 20% increase from the prior quarterly rate and a 100% increase in the cash dividend rate over a four month period. Fiscal 2007 Capital Plan Capital spending for fiscal 2006 totaled $131 million, which was below plan because of the timing of certain projects. The fiscal 2007 capital plan

[6]

The Super-Cycle
Though steel has traditionally been viewed as a cyclical industry, many experts forecast that the industry is entering a decades-long "super-cycle" driven by the intense demand of developing markets such as China, India, Russia and Brazil. Demand will continue to rise and fall, but at higher levels overall.

envisions expenditure of $201 million. About $50 million, or 25%, represents carryover projects. The new plan is targeting improvements in raw material procurement, supply chain management, operating efficiencies, product mix management, product and market development, quality and safety enhancements, improved systems, and further transportation capabilities. Near-Term Outlook Five key assumptions for fiscal 2007 are: 1) The U.S. economy will remain relatively strong, and nonresidential construction will continue to be robust; 2) China will continue with economic growth of 8-10% per annum, and the rest of Australia/Asia will do well economically; 3) Non-residential construction in Poland and the surrounding areas will remain strong; 4) The U.S. dollar will not strengthen materially; and 5) The relatively high level of steel imports will moderate. We are optimistic for fiscal 2007, although we must be wary of the dampening effect of high petroleum prices on the global economy and the decline in residential construction in the United States. Still, the U.S. economy, in particular, has proved to be quite resilient. Also, by the end of the year it appeared that the issue of excess inventories in the steel chain had run its course. The passage of the multi-year transportation bill in the United States during August 2005 was especially favorable. We also are anticipating continued strong steel demand in Asia and Europe, although increased availability will have a moderating effect. The high level of steel, ferrous scrap and nonferrous prices is a positive omen.

Long-Term Outlook Major structural changes have occurred in our various industry sectors, including globalization, consolidation and rapidly growing per capita consumption of steel and other metals in some key developing countries, led by the explosive growth in China and other emerging nations. It is true that production has grown as well, but we believe that expansion going forward will be prudent, yielding a favorable supply/demand situation. Global infrastructure spending should be a key driver, including the United States. We expect to see continued upward pressure on input costs, but supply and product prices that will adjust to enable us to maintain relatively high metal spreads and strong shipping levels. Succession Planning In accordance with Commercial Metals Company's established succession plan, we announced on July 24, 2006, that the board of directors named Murray R. McClean chief executive officer effective September 1, 2006. In addition, Mr. McClean was elected a director of the Company effective immediately. Mr. McClean formerly was president and chief operating officer. He continued in his capacity as president in addition to his new position as chief executive officer. Mr. Rabin continued in his role as chairman of the board. McClean's former position of COO was not filled. In January, A. Leo Howell retired as president of CMC Howell Metal and as a member of the board of directors after 40 years of dedicated service. Leo was the founder of Howell Metal Company in 1966 and was instrumental in the growth of the company. In addition, after 43 years of service, Clyde Selig announced he was stepping down from

[ 7 ] Commercial Metals Company 2006 Annual Report

his position as president and chief executive officer of the CMC Steel Group and did not stand for reelection as a director of the board. Although Clyde will not be active in the day-to-day activities of the CMC Steel Group, he remains with CMC as an advisor to the CEO and continues to be especially active with CMC Zawiercie and other CMC entities. Both gentlemen are well respected in their respective industries and are honored by their colleagues. As announced then, Leo was succeeded by Jim Forkovitch and Clyde by Russ Rinn. Cautionary Statement This letter to stockholders contains forward-looking statements regarding the outlook for the Company's financial results including net earnings, product pricing and demand, production rates, energy expense, raw material prices, inventory levels, and general market conditions. These forward-looking statements generally can be identified by phrases such as the Company or its management "expect," "anticipates," "believe," "ought," "should," "likely," "appears," "projected," "forecast," "presumes," "will," or other words or phrases of similar impact. There is inherent risk and uncertainty in any forwardlooking statements. Variances will occur and some could be materially different from management's current opinion. Developments that could impact the Company's expectations include construction activity, difficulties or delays in the execution of construction contracts resulting in cost overruns or contract disputes, metals pricing over which the Company exerts little influence, increased capacity and product availability from competing steel minimills and other steel suppliers including import quantities and pricing, court decisions, industry consolidation or changes in production capacity or utilization, global factors including political and military uncertainties, credit availability, currency fluctuations, energy and supply prices, and decisions by governments impacting the level of steel imports and pace of overall economic activity, particularly China.

Stanley A. Rabin
Chairman of the Board

Murray R. McClean
President & Chief Executive Officer

(L to R) Stanley A. Rabin, Murray R. McClean

[8]

