TO OU R STOC KHOLDE RS
For the year ended August 31, 2005, your Company reported record annual net earnings per diluted share of $4.63 and record net earnings of $286 million on net sales of $6.6 billion. This compares with net earnings per diluted share of $2.21 and net earnings of $132 million on net sales of $4.8 billion last year. The current year included a pre-tax LIFO expense of $19.3 million ($0.20 per diluted share) compared with a pre-tax LIFO expense of $74.8 million ($0.81 per diluted share) in the previous year. The current year included as well pre-tax income of $20.1 million resulting from the settlement of the business interruption claims for the previously reported transformer failures at the Texas and South Carolina steel minimills. The effective tax rate for fiscal 2005 increased to 35.7% because of a shift in segment operating income. The net income return on beginning equity was 43%. We had thought that fiscal 2004 was a phenomenal year, only to be surpassed by an even more remarkable fiscal 2005. We continued to benefit from the favorable market conditions for most of our businesses and achieved excellent performance in the Domestic Mills, Domestic Fabrication, Recycling, and Marketing & Distribution segments. Meanwhile, results for our Polish steel manufacturing operation, CMC Zawiercie (CMCZ), while off sharply for the year, began to improve during the fourth quarter. Some of our markets were highly volatile, especially ferrous scrap, but on balance remained relatively strong, although generally not as robust in the second half of the fiscal year. There is no question that the wind remained at our back during much of this past year. But just as surely, as we have well demonstrated over the past two years, our longenacted strategy of vertical integration and diversification, the very strategy which has helped us profitably weather challenging market climates, has placed us in a position to reap maximum benefits from positive circumstances as well. Moreover, we again managed successfully the very large price swings in our markets. The theme of this year's annual report is why CMC is different from other companies in the steel and metals sectors: differences in strategy, business mix, performance and financial strength. Domestic Mills In fiscal 2005, we far exceeded the very good performance of fiscal 2004, led by the four domestic steel minimills. Although production and shipping levels were lower than the prior year, we benefited from record-high metal margins. End-user demand generally was good, but it is important to note that our inventory management was excellent in a steel market in which many buyers were reducing their own inventories during a good part of the year. Segment adjusted operating profit of $217 million in fiscal 2005 was over 2.5 times the $84.2 million recorded in fiscal 2004. This year's increase in the LIFO reserve was $8.2 million compared with $29.5 million last year. This year included as well the income from the business interruption insurance claims. Within the segment, adjusted operating profit of $212 million this year for the steel minimills compared with $75.1 million the prior year. On a year-to-year basis, tonnage melted was down 4% to 2.17 million tons; tonnage rolled was 2.02 million tons, 8% below last year; and shipments decreased 6% to 2.27 million tons. Our average total mill selling price of $473 per ton was $94 per ton above last year, while the average ferrous scrap purchase price rose by $22 per ton to $171 per ton. The FIFO metal margin increased $59 per ton to $274 per ton. Meanwhile, utility costs for fiscal 2005 increased by only 1% due to a decrease in usage which more than offset higher electricity rates and natural gas prices. Cost of supplies were up, especially alloys. The net result, though, was considerably higher profitability. The copper tube mill recorded an adjusted operating profit of $5.1 million versus last year's $9.0 million. While end-use markets overall were strong, the copper tube market was impacted by additional plastics substitution and consolidation among buyers of plumbing tube. In addition, the market for industrial tube was affected by the relocation of air conditioning manufacturers abroad, we believe leading to increased production and supply of plumbing tube. FIFO metal margins for the year declined by 8 cents per pound to 64 cents per pound because higher copper tube prices could not offset the sharp rise in the underlying copper scrap price; however, spreads were improving as we moved into the new year.

3

2005 N ET SALES Domestic Mills 18% CMCZ 7% Domestic Fabrication 21% Recycling 13% Marketing 41%

2005 EARNINGS B E F O R E I N C O M E TA X E S Domestic Mills 45% CMCZ (1)% Domestic Fabrication 24% Recycling 15% Marketing 17%

2 0 0 5 C A P I TA L EXPENDITURES Domestic Mills 43% CMCZ 21% Domestic Fabrication 24% Recycling 10% Marketing 2%

2 0 0 5 D E P R E C I AT I O N A N D A M O R T I Z AT I O N Domestic Mills 45% CMCZ 23% Domestic Fabrication 18% Recycling 10% Marketing 4%

For the year, copper tube production decreased 6% to 62.0 million pounds, while shipments declined 3% to 66.6 million pounds. CMCZ After a string of outstanding quarters since the acquisition in December 2003, results turned sharply downward in the second and third quarters of fiscal 2005. Although results had improved by the fourth quarter, the year was essentially breakeven. Major adverse factors were a severe winter slowing construction in Poland; spillover from weak construction activity in Western Europe, especially Germany; and the stronger Polish Zloty which greatly limited exports. For the year, the segment recorded an adjusted operating loss of $188 thousand on net sales of $478 million compared with an adjusted operating profit of $69.3 million (on a 100% owned basis) for only nine months of ownership in fiscal 2004. This year tons melted were 1.10 million, rolled tons equaled 871 thousand, and shipments totaled 1.09 million tons. For the prior year period, which encompassed only the nine months, the numbers were 1.16 million, 863 thousand, and 1.08 million tons, respectively. As an example of the impact on the steel market, the rebar price dropped in half from its peak of fiscal 2004 to its nadir in fiscal 2005. Meanwhile, the average selling price for the year fell to PLN 1,376 per ton from PLN 1,466 per ton, while the average scrap purchase cost decreased to PLN 650 per ton from PLN 690 per ton. The resultant metal margin fell 17% from PLN 705 per ton to PLN 586 per ton. On a positive note, operating levels and shipments improved significantly in the fourth quarter over the third quarter of this fiscal year. We continued to implement our basic strategy for CMCZ, which is to follow the vertical integration model that has been so successful for us in North America. The lead capital project is the installation of a scrap mega-shredder on the mill site, which is expected to start up during December 2005. During the latter part of last fiscal year, we took internal measures to improve our scrap procurement and steel marketing efficiency and effectiveness which will benefit us going forward. Other objectives include improved yields, reduced unit costs, and a broadened product line.

Domestic Fabrication As we expected, our downstream businesses achieved outstanding results that were even better than we had anticipated. Our primary, non-residential construction markets, both private and public, were active and generally improving throughout the year. Adjusted operating profit was up exponentially to $118 million, compared with $7.3 million in fiscal 2004. LIFO expense this year was $6.6 million versus $26.3 million last year. Clearly, we benefited from a number of acquisitions made over the past several years along with organic growth. Shipments from our fab plants totaled 1.34 million tons, 7% above fiscal 2004. The composite average fab selling price (excluding stock and buyouts) rose by $224 per ton or 36% to $850 per ton. Within this segment, prices were higher across-theboard and volumes within the segment were mostly higher. All product areas ­ rebar fabrication, constructionrelated products (CRP), steel fence post fabrication, steel joist manufacturing, cellular beam fabrication, structural steel fabrication, and heat treating ­ participated in the improved profitability. Indeed, it was a record year for several of the divisions. Two acquisitions during the year added to our downstream capability in the western United States: in November 2004, another rebar fabrication facility in southern California and in August 2005, a joist manufacturing facility in Juarez, Mexico. Recycling It was another splendid year for CMC Recycling with profitability exceeding last year's record. Once again we managed through tremendous volatility in the ferrous scrap market. The ferrous market remained relatively strong during the first half of the year, but declined sharply during the second half, although the market was rising again as the year concluded. Conversely, nonferrous markets remained strong throughout the fiscal year, thereby mitigating the effect of the weaker ferrous markets. Adjusted operating profit for fiscal 2005 was $70.8 million on net sales of $897 million compared with fiscal 2004's adjusted operating profit of $67.9 million on net sales of $774 million. This year's LIFO expense was $3.0 million versus an expense of $5.2 million the prior year.

5

Versus last year, the average ferrous scrap sales price increased by 8% to $186 per ton, whereas shipments fell 5% to 1.87 million tons. The average nonferrous scrap sales price for the year was approximately 18% above a year ago, while shipments were 13% higher at 292 thousand tons. The total volume of domestic scrap processed, including all our domestic processing plants, equaled 3.33 million tons against 3.41 million tons last year. Marketing & Distribution It was another record year for this segment in fiscal 2005 following an outstanding fiscal 2004, reflecting broadbased, robust sales and higher gross margins. Business conditions in most of our markets were favorable. While China continued to be a significant factor in our growth and a contributor to strong markets, we were able in all of our divisions to increase volume in existing product lines and to diversify into new products and source or sell in new markets. Important market areas for us included the U.S., China, other Asia, Australia, Germany, U.K., and Central Europe. Each of our divisions in the segment recorded a higher profit. Adjusted operating profit for this segment in fiscal 2005 equaled $90.4 million, which compared with $39.4 million in fiscal 2004. LIFO expense was $1.5 million this year against an expense of $13.8 million last year. Profitability was broad based with further profit increases in virtually all product lines, including steel, ores and minerals, ferroalloys, and nonferrous semis. Our value-added downstream processing businesses continued to generate solid profits in the current year, even higher than the previous fiscal year. Financial Condition/Stock Dividend Our financial position remained strong. At year end, long-term debt as a percentage of total capitalization was 29%, and the ratio of total debt to total capitalization plus short-term debt was 30%. Both ratios include the debt of CMCZ which has recourse only to the assets of CMCZ. Our working capital was $809 million, and the current ratio was 1.9. Our coverage ratios were strong. On November 22, 2004, the Company announced a two-for-one stock split in the form of a 100% stock dividend on the Company's common stock payable January 10, 2005, to shareholders of record December 13, 2004, and announced a new quarterly cash dividend of 6 cents per share on the increased number of shares

resulting from the stock dividend. The effect of the stock dividend combined with the new cash dividend rate resulted in stockholders receiving a 20% increase in cash dividend payments. During the third quarter we entered into a new $400 million, 5-year revolving credit facility backing our commercial paper program. The new facility is larger, has a longer tenure, less restrictive covenant tests, and lower costs than the former facility. During the year we repurchased 3.04 million shares of the Company's common stock at an average price of $25.36 per share. Fiscal 2006 Capital Plan Capital spending for fiscal 2005 totaled $123 million, below plan because of the timing of certain projects. The fiscal 2006 capital plan envisions expenditures of $178 million. About $68 million, or 38%, represents carryover projects. The new plan is targeting improvements in raw material procurement, supply chain management, value-added opportunities, operating efficiencies, product mix management, product and market development, quality and safety enhancements, improved systems, and further transportation capabilities. Near-Term Outlook Four key assumptions for fiscal 2006 are: 1) The U.S. economy will remain strong, and nonresidential construction will continue to improve; 2) China will continue with economic growth of 8-9% per annum and the rest of Australia/Asia will do well economically; 3) Non-residential construction in Poland and the surrounding areas will accelerate; and 4) The U.S. dollar will not strengthen materially. We are optimistic for fiscal 2006, although we must be wary of the dampening effect of inflationary pressures on the global economy, the decline in consumer confidence in the U.S., and significantly increased energy costs for our operations. Still, the U.S. economy, in particular, has proved to be quite resilient and entered September 2005 with significant momentum in the manufacturing and construction sectors. Additionally, by the end of our fiscal year it appeared that the issue of excess inventories in the steel supply chain had been worked through in most markets. The passage of the multi-year transportation bill in the United States during August 2005 was especially favorable. We are also anticipating some steel demand

6

pickup in Asia and Europe, although increased availability will have a moderating effect on prices, and we must be concerned about apparent Chinese overproduction in certain product areas. An especially important factor going forward is the impact of Hurricanes Katrina and Rita on our industry sectors and CMC specifically. We have experienced some short-term disruptions to our Gulf Coast operations and markets, including some power outages and transportation difficulties, but overall effects are not major. Moreover, medium-term and longer-term effects should be extremely positive because of substantially increased demolition and recycled metals and the consequent reconstruction requirements in the United States Gulf area. By segment, we anticipate in the first quarter continued strong performance from Domestic Mills and Domestic Fabrication, a slight profit turnaround at CMCZ (including scheduled major maintenance), and good results in Recycling and Marketing & Distribution. Long-Term Outlook Major structural changes have occurred in our various industry sectors, including globalization, consolidation, and rapidly growing per capita consumption in some key developing countries, led by the explosive growth in China. It is true that production has grown as well, but we believe that expansion going forward will be prudent, yielding a favorable supply/demand situation. Global infrastructure spending should be a key demand driver, including the United States and Central Europe. We expect to see continued upward pressure on steel and nonferrous input costs, but supply and product prices will adjust and enable us to maintain relatively high metal spreads and strong shipping levels along the supply chain. Ingredients for Success We have often said that two main criteria for success are people and markets. These last two unprecedented years, and the more challenging year preceding them, are a testimonial to the men and women of CMC and the organization they have built.

Cautionary Statement This letter to stockholders contains forward-looking statements regarding the outlook for the Company's financial results including net earnings, product pricing and demand, production rates, energy expense, interest rates, inventory levels, acquisitions and general market conditions. These forward-looking statements generally can be identified by phrases such as the company or its management "expect," "anticipates," "believe," "ought," "should," "likely," "appears," "projected," "forecast," "presumes," "will," or other words or phrases of similar impact. There is inherent risk and uncertainty in any forward-looking statements. Variances will occur and some could be materially different from management's current opinion. Developments that could impact the Company's expectations include energy and supply prices, interest rate changes, construction activity, difficulties or delays in the execution of construction contracts resulting in cost overruns or contract disputes, metals pricing over which the Company exerts little influence, increased capacity and product availability from competing steel minimills and other steel suppliers including import quantities and pricing, court decisions, industry consolidation or changes in production capacity or utilization, global factors including political and military uncertainties, credit availability, currency fluctuations and decisions by governments impacting the level of steel imports and pace of overall economic activity, particularly China.

Stanley A. Rabin Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer November 11, 2005

7

