To Our Stockholders
NET SALES BY REGION1
Australia / New Zealand Other

Commercial Metals Company recorded a profit for the fifth consecutive year. In fiscal 2016, Commercial Metals Company realized earnings from continuing operations of $72.5 million, on net sales of $4.6 billion compared to $99.1 million on net sales of $6.0 billion in fiscal 2015. While CMC as a whole achieved profitability, each of our individual business segments faced its own unique market challenges. Though our Americas Recycling segment enjoyed higher margins on both ferrous and nonferrous shipments compared to last year, ferrous shipments decreased while nonferrous shipments held steady. This resulted in adjusted operating loss for fiscal 2016 of $61.3 million, compared to adjusted operating loss of $29.2 million in fiscal 2015, for this segment. Results were also affected by impairment of long-lived assets. The Americas Mills segment faced significant margin compression, with the average selling price decreasing from a year ago at a rate that more than offset a decrease in the average cost of ferrous scrap consumed. Thus, the segment realized adjusted operating profit of $209.8 million, compared to $255.5 million in fiscal 2015. Our Americas Fabrication segment leveraged improved metal margins, spurred by a decrease in composite material costs, and also benefited from a volume increase compared to the previous year. Adjusted operating profit for fiscal 2016 was $68.6 million, compared to $22.4 million in fiscal 2015, for this segment. Despite margin compression, which was offset by higher shipments and lower conversion costs, our International Mill segment recorded adjusted operating profit of $28.9 million in fiscal 2016, compared to $17.6 million in fiscal 2015.

3% 1%

Asia

9%

Europe

17%

70%

US

BROAD END-USE MARKETS (GLOBAL)

Public Infrastructure Marketing & Distribution Service Centers Raw Material Industrial/OEM Heavy Commercial Light Commercial Agriculture Energy Residential

1

Excludes divisions classified as discontinued operations

2016 ANNUAL REPORT 3

In the wake of year over year declines in both volumes and metal margins, CMC's International Marketing and Distribution segment realized adjusted operating loss of $7.1 million in fiscal 2016, compared to adjusted operating profit of $35.4 million in fiscal 2015. Keeping a Strong Balance Sheet Essential to our long-term performance, CMC maintains one of the strongest balance sheets among our peer group. In fiscal 2016, we de-levered our balance sheet through a tender offer for $200 million of outstanding bonds. At the close of fiscal 2016, CMC had approximately $1.1 billion in liquidity1. Going forward, we plan to continue our focus on controlling costs. Investing in Productivity A strong balance sheet gives CMC the ability to invest to improve productivity today to be prepared for growth in demand tomorrow. In fiscal 2016, we completed several key capital projects that we believe will enhance our productivity and reduce our costs going forward, including commissioning a new reheat furnace at CMC Steel Texas, a new billet welder at CMC Steel South Carolina, and a new caster at CMC Poland. Breaking Ground on CMC Steel Oklahoma In April 2016, CMC broke ground on our new CMC Steel Oklahoma micro mill. Located in Durant, Oklahoma, where it is expected to create approximately 250 jobs, the technologically advanced facility will be CMC's second micro mill. The new micro mill will open market opportunities in the region and enhance our position as a leading supplier of long products in the U.S. market. We expect CMC Steel Oklahoma to be commissioned in late 2017. Looking Forward CMC is encouraged by positive economic signs, particularly forecasted increases in U.S. non-residential construction spending. With our significant presence in the Sunbelt region of the U.S., we are positioned to reap the benefits where a great deal of the increased spending will occur. Going forward, we believe CMC is wellpositioned to take advantage of improved economic conditions as they arise. Relying upon the efforts of our 8,000-strong workforce, CMC stands ready to shape a positive future. With a strong balance sheet and an even stronger commitment to excellence, we believe we are poised to remain a lowcost, high-quality steel supplier for years to come.

Joseph Alvarado
CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD, PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

December 12, 2016

2016 ANNUAL REPORT

1

Total liquidity = cash and cash equivalents, availability under the company's revolving credit facility, U.S. and international accounts receivable sales facilities and the company's uncommitted lines of credit

4

