TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
Our 100th Year is Another Profitable One
Commercial Metals Company is celebrating 100 years in business. Over the course of a century, we have built a business through booms, busts and every economic condition in-between. Dealing with the global financial crisis that began in 2008 and its multi-year repercussions has been the latest chapter in our story.

SALES BY REGION

In fiscal 2014, for the third consecutive year, CMC has achieved profitability in an industry that continues to be challenged by serious global economic headwinds. Net earnings were $115.6 million in fiscal 2014, compared to $77.3 million in fiscal 2013. We achieved net sales of $7.0 billion in fiscal 2014, compared to $6.9 billion in fiscal 2013. Continued profitability in the face of adverse market conditions

US 64% Europe 17% Asia 11% Australia/NZ 6% Other 2%

testifies to the vision of CMC's management and the commitment of our more than 9,000-strong workforce, continuing a proud tradition of perseverance and success. Facing significant market challenges, our Americas Recycling segment did not achieve profitability in fiscal 2014. Adjusted operating loss was

BROAD END-USE MARKETS (GLOBAL)

$3.2 million in fiscal 2014, compared to adjusted operating profit of $3.2 million in fiscal 2013. In a highly competitive environment, with metal margins essentially flat year-over-year, our Americas Mills segment realized an adjusted operating profit of $247.7 million in fiscal 2014, compared to $204.3 million in fiscal 2013.

Public Infrastructure Marketing & Distribution Service Centers Raw Material Industrial/OEM Heavy Commercial Light Commercial Agriculture Energy Residential

Despite a margin squeeze fueled by a decline in average selling prices and an increase in input costs, our Americas Fabrication segment attained an adjusted operating profit of $6.2 million in fiscal 2014, compared to $28.0 million in fiscal 2013. At our International Mill segment, tons shipped were down approximately 3% from fiscal 2013, but higher average selling prices and lower costs for ferrous scrap consumed led to a beneficial increase in our average metal margins. Adjusted operating profit was $30.6 million in fiscal 2014, compared to $0.9 million in fiscal 2013.

3

Improved average metal margins also bolstered results in the trading divisions headquartered in the U.S. of our International Marketing & Distribution segment, though our European and Australian trading and distribution operations faced significant market challenges. Adjusted operating profit was $17.8 million in fiscal 2014, compared to $35.6 million in fiscal 2013.

2014 CAPITAL EXPENDITURES

Focusing on Core Operations
In October 2013, CMC sold its ownership interest in Howell Metal Company (Howell), a copper tube manufacturer in New Market, Virginia. We appreciate the years of service supplied by the workforce and management of Howell as part of CMC's enterprise; however, the sale was necessitated by our commitment to focus on our core operations, which include a manufacturing focus on steel products.
Americas Recycling 18% Americas Mills 33% Americas Fabrication 15% International Mill 32% International Marketing & Distribution 2%

To support our core operations and our key vertical integration strategy, in fiscal 2014 CMC acquired substantially all of the assets of Newell Recycling of San Antonio, LP located in San Antonio, Texas. This recycling facility will help supply low-cost raw materials to our CMC Steel Texas minimill in nearby Seguin, Texas, as it strengthens our recycling presence in the San Antonio, Texas region. To improve our ability to meet the demands of European steel customers in the years ahead, CMC successfully commissioned a new electric arc furnace at our CMC Poland minimill in fiscal 2014. The new furnace will enable us to increase productivity and improve cost performance at CMC Poland.

Positive Signs
Looking forward, we are encouraged by indicators such as the Architecture Billings Index (ABI), which has been showing a trend of positive directional growth in U.S. construction markets. Forecasts for non-residential construction and cement construction are also projecting a steady improvement for the foreseeable future, all good signs for CMC.

4

FOCUSED
on the future
Strengthening Our Vertical Integration In fiscal 2014, CMC acquired Newell Recycling of San Antonio, LP located in San Antonio, Texas, giving us a new, reliable source of raw material for our CMC Steel Texas minimill.

PROUD
of the past

1915
Moses Feldman establishes his first metals recycling yard in Dallas, Texas.

European indicators point to improving conditions in the months ahead, as well. Eurozone manufacturing activity is showing consistent growth after two years of contraction, and Poland is due to receive $143 billion of EU infrastructure funding from 2014-2020, the most of any member state. Another positive development was the International Trade Commission's unanimous 6-0 vote to place duties on Mexican and Turkish rebar being dumped into U.S. markets. While we were pleased with the decision regarding Mexican rebar, we were disappointed with the U.S. Department of Commerce findings relative to subsidies and dumping of Turkish rebar.

Positioned to Succeed
As we enter our second century of operations, CMC is well positioned to take advantage of a longawaited recovery in U.S. non-residential construction and anticipated improvements in global markets. We enjoy the advantage of a strong balance sheet, with approximately $1.0 billion in liquidity. We will continue to focus on controlling our costs, while investing in our core assets to drive revenue growth across our portfolio. And, of course, the commitment our people, our customers, our communities and our shareholders have always counted on from CMC will remain as strong as ever, both in the coming year and for the decades to come.

Joseph Alvarado
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
December 8, 2014

5

1916
CMC predecessor American Junk Company is chartered, with listed assets including one team of mules.

1919
CMC predecessor American Iron & Metals is created at a yard that still serves as a CMC recycling facility.

1930
In the wake of the stock market crash, with the keys to the recycling yard in his pocket, Jacob Feldman convinces bankers to allow the business to continue operating.

1932
Commercial Metals Company is officially formed by Jacob Feldman as a scrap trading brokerage.

