Dear Fellow Shareholders:
Our 1998 Annual Report emphasized VALUE, the fundamental by which any endeavor is judged.At Cummins we recognize that companies delivering superior value to their shareholders over time are the ones that deliver superior value to their customers. To increase the value we deliver to shareholders and customers, we focused on PERFORMANCE throughout 1999. Cummins 1999 performance represents a significant step toward achieving our financial goals. Revenue grew by six percent to $6.6 billion, thereby setting a record for the eighth consecutive year. Exclusive of a $60 million charge associated with the dissolution of our joint venture with Wärtsilä, Cummins Earnings Before Interest and Tax (EBIT) of

Sales by Segment 1999 Sales $6.6 Billion

Our revenue and profit diversification continues to pay off. In 1999, strength in the North American heavy-duty truck market, record sales to DaimlerChrysler and improved profitability in power generation offset weakness in agricultural and mining markets. On the following pages, leaders of our three businesses -- Engine, Power Generation, and Filtration -- describe results and the outlook for their organizations. Performance for Our Shareholders Our emphasis on performance enabled us to move toward our financial goal of earning nine percent before interest and taxes. In 1998, we introduced several initiatives which were designed to improve profitability. These initiatives included improvement in product cost, operating expense and cash flow. Our people have made solid progress towards each intiative. We have benefited from

Power Generation Business 20%

Engine Business 64%

Filtration Business and Other 16%

Sales by Geographic Region
12% Asia /Australia

12% Europe/CIS

7% Canada 61% United States 6% Mexico/Latin America 2% Africa/Middle East

Focused on performance,
$356 million were a record, and net earnings per share were $5.29, a 46 percent increase over 1998, excluding unusual charges. As reported, Cummins' EBIT was $296 million and net earnings per share were $4.13 in 1999. As a result of stronger profits and a significant reduction in capital spending, free cash flow was $84 million, and we reduced our debt-to-capital ratio by three percentage points to 46 percent. We also returned value to our shareholders in 1999 by increasing our dividend, and we repurchased 650,000 shares of Cummins stock. lower production costs as volumes increase for our new engines. We have achieved substantial savings in material costs and we continue to work hard to improve product coverage costs. We have completed a highly successful program to reduce the costs of goods and services like office supplies, computers, freight, travel and health care, and teams are now cycling through the categories again, seeking further savings. The restructuring we announced in the third quarter of 1998 was nearly complete by year-end 1999. Late in 1999, we concluded the sale of Atlas Crankshaft to ThyssenKrupp Automotive, one of the world's leading automotive suppliers. As a major supplier of crankshafts and camshafts, the new company, known as TKA Atlas, will continue to be an important supplier to Cummins.

Sales
$ Millions

7000

6000

5000

4000 1997 1998 1999

Earnings Before Interest and Tax*
$ Millions

300

200

100

0 1997 *Excludes unusual charges 1998 1999

2

In addition, as we announced in December, Cummins and Wärtsilä NSD of Finland have agreed to dissolve the joint venture formed in 1995 to design and develop two families of high-speed, high-horsepower engines. Now that engine development has been completed, each company will focus its sales and distribution network on the engines that have the greatest potential for growth in its own markets. Cummins will retain responsibility for diesel and natural gas engines produced at our plant in Daventry, England, and Cummins and Wärtsilä will continue to be customers and suppliers of each other. We continue to be pleased with the growth prospects and profit opportunities of our other joint ventures around the world.

Information technology, which is revolutionizing business, is enabling Cummins to create a comparative advantage for our customers. We are the exclusive supplier of software for the electronic control modules on all our engines, and we are actively devising more ways to offer value over the product lifecycle by using the Internet and increasingly sophisticated communication methods and service tools. We continue to use information technology to operate more efficiently, improve customer service and accelerate growth in business and consumer markets, thereby creating sustainable value for our shareholders. In addition, we are working hard to build on our alliances with OEM customers, moving beyond simple buy-sell relationships to partnerships which involve, in many cases, product design, manufacturing and distribution. One successful

People -- the Key to Performance As a global company, we understand that having a diverse, achievementoriented workforce is the key to continuously improving performance. Our people in plants, offices and distributorships around the world are extraordinarily talented and dedicated. To enable them to give their best, we are committed to providing a safe working environment, clear performance expectations and two-way communication which enables them to share ideas. Performance for the Future Around the world, businesses in the industries which we supply, including many of our customers, are consolidating. In addition,

driven by results.
Performance for Our Customers Cummins has the most advanced and complete engine product line in the industry. In 1999, we completed the major cycle of product development which we began in 1994 -- upgrading or replacing every engine in our product line and adding new engines at both ends of our horsepower spectrum. Our engines, which range from 55 to 2,700 horsepower, feature advanced electronics, combustion, and fluid- and air-handling technology. Our engines, generator sets, turbochargers and filtration technologies give our customers cost-effective performance while contributing to a cleaner environment. As the industry's technical leader, we will continue to invest substantial resources to meet increasingly tough emissions standards and rising customer expectations. example is our partnership with Iveco and CNH Global NV (formerly Case and New Holland) through the European Engine Alliance (EEA), which was formed to design and manufacture midrange engines, as well as a new generation of one-litre-per-cylinder diesel engines. Another important alliance partner is Komatsu Ltd., with whom we have three joint ventures, the scope of which includes the joint manufacture of midrange and highhorsepower engines as well as technical collaboration regarding the design and development of new engines for industrial markets. many countries are mandating that diesel engines meet increasingly stringent emissions requirements, and natural gas-fueled engines are emerging as an attractive option for more and more customers. As a global, independent engine manufacturer, Cummins is uniquely well equipped to thrive in this new environment. Our comprehensive product line, which includes natural gas engines over a wide range of horsepower levels, is the most advanced in the industry. Our leadership in air-handling systems, fuel systems, electronics and emissions control makes Cummins a logical supplier and alliance partner to companies in many markets worldwide.

3

The Policy Committee leads the focus on performance. Members of the Committee: (from left to right) Christine Vujovich, Kiran Patel, Jack Edwards, Jean Blackwell, Tim Solso, Mark Gerstle, Joe Loughrey, Pamela Carter, Frank McDonald, Rick Mills

4

Today's global business environment is fiercely competitive. Tomorrow's will be even more so. We believe that this environment is tailor-made for Cummins' continued success. We are focused on continuing to improve our financial performance in 2000. While there is uncertainty and possible decline in the North American heavy-duty truck market, we expect to offset any revenue and margin loss with gains from our power generation, filtration, and

international markets. We also expect continuing, intense cost reduction efforts to contribute to higher margins. Cummins enters the new millennium as a balanced, global company positioned well to weather downturns. We have a diverse, seasoned group of managers in place, and we are focusing relentlessly on performance for our customers and our shareholders.

The Cummins management team invites you to join us on Tuesday, April 4 for our annual shareholders' meeting to learn more about today's performance and tomorrow's potential.

Tim Solso Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Cummins Engine Company, Inc. March 1, 2000

Transition Cummins' entry into the twentyfirst century is marked by some significant transitions, including the retirement of three members of our Board of Directors. At the end of 1999, Jim Henderson retired from Cummins after serving five years as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, eighteen as President and Chief Operating Officer and twenty-six as a member of the Board of Directors. Throughout his thirty-five years with the company, Jim has been dedicated to innovation and involving Cummins people in improvement for our customers. In the 1970s, Jim led the way in introducing team-based work systems to U.S. industry. Faced with competition from Japan in the 1980s, Jim initiated a Total Quality Systems approach, Customer Led Quality, which achieved substantial gains in both quality and productivity. During his tenure as Chief Executive, Jim brought a renewed focus on shareholder value as he led the most aggressive investment in Cummins history to modernize and expand

the company's product line. We would not have achieved the record results or be positioned as well as we are for the future without Jim's leadership and vision. On behalf of the company and its customers, I thank Jim for his contributions and wish him the very best in retirement. Two other directors will be retiring from the Board in April. Henry Schacht, Director and Senior Advisor of E.M. Warburg, Pincus & Co., formerly Chairman and CEO of Lucent Technologies and a member of the Cummins Board since 1969, has decided not to stand for re-election in April. Henry has been associated with Cummins for 35 years, serving as President from 1969 to 1977, as CEO from 1973 to 1994 and as Chairman of the Board from 1977 to early 1995. Throughout his career, Henry has demonstrated foresight, wisdom and courage in the face of tough

challenges, and he will be remembered, along with Irwin Miller and Jim Henderson, as a builder of Cummins' reputation for business excellence and ethical behavior in the latter half of the twentieth century. Harold Brown, Counselor at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, a partner in E.M. Warburg, Pincus & Co., and formerly U.S. Secretary of Defense, has reached age 72, the mandatory age for retirement from the Cummins Board. During his fifteen years as a member of the Board, Harold's profound grasp of science, technology and world affairs has been of inestimable value to Cummins. In addition to serving as Chair of the Board's Technology Committee, Harold has been Chairman of Cummins Science and Technology Advisory Council, a group of eminent scientists whose expertise encompasses a wide range of technical developments. We are pleased that we will continue to benefit from Harold's leadership of the Council after his retirement from the Board.
5

