To Our Shareholders
"As a result of our outstanding technology, Cummins Heavy Duty monthly market share averaged above 40 percent for the last two-thirds of the year." I am pleased to report that instead of being just another strong year for Cummins, 2007 was a record setter and an outstanding year in most respects. Sales exceeded $13 billion ­ a 15 percent increase over 2006. Earnings before interest and taxes were $1.2 billion ­ or 9.4 percent of sales. Net earnings were $739 million, compared to $715 million for the previous year. This fourth straight year of record sales and profits reinforces our value promise to shareholders. As of the end of 2007, Cummins' investors have enjoyed a five-year average annual total return of 58 percent. Along with this outstanding performance, we have increased our dividends by 67 percent and have purchased almost $500 million in stock over the last two years. In December, we announced plans to buy back another $500 million worth of shares. We also executed a pair of two-for-one stock splits, one during 2007 and another in early 2008.

Global Network
Cummins West Africa employees gather outside their facilities in Lagos, Nigeria. The distributorship, which is also the site of a new manufacturing operation for power generator sets, is a joint venture between Cummins and A. G. Leventis.

4

Cummins Inc. 2007 Annual Report

Our success in 2007 was driven by increased sales in all our business segments. Power Generation, Distribution and Engine once again delivered excellent results. They had record revenues, increased share in many of their markets and offered innovative products and services, which delighted Cummins' customers around the world. Notable among our segments were Power Generation, which continued its trend of improving results ­ going from an EBIT loss of $19 million in 2003 to $334 million in EBIT in 2007 ­ and Distribution, which has seen its sales more than double in the last four years, growing to $1.5 billion in 2007. The Components segment also experienced a growing demand for its products, which are highly valued by both Cummins and our customers. The successful technologies in our filtration, aftertreatment, turbocharger and fuel system component

Nigerian workers at Cummins West Africa are trained in the latest engineering and production skills.

We were included in the Dow Jones World Sustainability Index for 006, for the second straight year. Likewise, we learned early in 2007 that we were named to the 100 Best Corporate Citizens list by CRO Magazine for the eighth consecutive year. We are one of only 11 companies to earn that distinction.

5

"We announced exciting new products that were launched or will be introduced during the next several years, including engines that meet tough global emissions standards."

products have allowed us to produce cutting-edge, environmentally-friendly customer solutions for toughening emissions standards around the world. While Components' performance exceeded previous years, this segment's results still need to improve significantly. To ensure Components future success, we have stepped up our focus on operational issues, particularly in the Emission Solutions and Turbo Technologies businesses. We have a proven track record of dealing with operational challenges, as illustrated by the turnarounds in the Heavy Duty engine and Power Generation businesses earlier in the decade. So we remain very optimistic about Components' ability to achieve significant sales and profit gains in the future.

Winning Partnerships
Peterbilt trucks, powered by Cummins engines, line up as part of a frac rig operation to capture oil from the Trican Canadian Well Site .

The Cummins-Kenworth relationship dates back 75 years. In 1933, Kenworth's first diesel-powered production model was built for the Motor Express Company. This was the first truck with a diesel engine as original equipment offered for sale by any manufacturer and was powered by a 100-hp Cummins HA-4 diesel engine.

6

Cummins Inc. 2007 Annual Report

Along with our financial success, we are proud of several major business and product accomplishments during 2007. We announced exciting new products that were launched or will be introduced during the next several years, including engines that meet tough global emissions standards. Among our new offerings was the next generation XPI high pressure fuel system, which was introduced on our 2007 C/L mid-range engines. In 2010, XPI will be applied to heavy-duty on-highway truck engines to meet the upcoming 2010 emission regulations. The XPI was created through our partnership with Scania. As a result of our outstanding technology, Cummins Heavy Duty monthly market share averaged above 40 percent for the last two-thirds of the year. In my 36 years at Cummins, I cannot remember this large a market-share shift. We also enjoyed growing market leadership around the world, including transit bus, power generation, marine, medium-duty trucks, recreational vehicles and many more.

Peterbilt's mediumduty Model 335 Hybrid Electric truck, with a Cummins engine, provides an 80 percent reduction in engine idling, resulting in a 30 to 40 percent improvement in fuel efficiency.

7

"For the second time in five years, Cummins received recognition as Diesel Progress magazine's Newsmaker of the Year."

For the second time in five years, Cummins received recognition as Diesel Progress magazine's Newsmaker of the Year. We also earned a prestigious award for customer satisfaction from J.D. Power and Associates for engine performance, cost of ownership and warranty in the heavy-duty vocational engine segment. In addition, Cummins QSB3.3 was awarded the Diesel Engine of the Year for 2007. Our outstanding Six Sigma efforts continued to improve productivity and increase operational efficiencies for Cummins and our customers. We closed a record 2,800 projects in 2007, including some 500 customer-focused projects, and we have now trained 7,000 belts since 2000. Living Our Values During 2007 we continued our focus on demanding that everything we do leads to a cleaner, safer, healthier environment. We published our fourth Sustainability Report. We have pledged to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions from our facilities by 25 percent by 2010 from 2005 levels (adjusted for sales) as part of our commitment to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's Climate Leaders Program.

Environmental Leadership
The hard-working Dodge Ram heavy-duty pickup, with a 6.7-liter Cummins turbo diesel engine, is the first to meet 2010 truck emission standards in all 50 states .

8

Cummins Inc. 2007 Annual Report

The Cummins/Chrysler team that developed the innovative 6.7-liter diesel engine and engineered it into the Dodge Ram heavy-duty pickup truck won Chrysler's Environmental Leadership Award. We were named to the Dow Jones World Sustainability Index for the third time. Along with these initiatives, we were recognized for activities that reflect our efforts to operate with integrity and to create a great place to work. We were selected a top company for diversity and the No. 1 company in the U. S. for Asian and Asian-Americans for the second time. We were singled out as one of the "100 best places to work in IT" by IDG's Computerworld magazine. We were listed among the top ethical companies in the U. S. for the ninth straight year. We also were cited as one of the Top Companies for Leaders 2007 by Fortune magazine. Cummins' joint venture partner, KPIT Cummins, won the prestigious India-based Golden Peacock Award for Excellence in Corporate Governance.

Cummins' joint venture with Westport Innovations Inc. has resulted in cuttingedge technologies that allow engines to operate on natural gas, hydrogen and hydrogen-enriched natural gas. About 1,500 C Gas Plus engines are in service in transit buses for major U.S. fleets, including this one in Tacoma, Washington.

We were included in the Dow Jones World Sustainability Index for 006, for the second straight year. Likewise, we learned early in 2007 that we were named to the 100 Best Corporate Citizens list by CRO Magazine for the eighth consecutive year. We are one of only 11 companies to earn that distinction.

9

"We expect earnings growth to accelerate again in 2008 as every segment improves its operating performance, and we are predicting strong sales increases and nearly 20 percent growth in our EBIT."

Employees continued to demonstrate their ongoing commitment to corporate responsibility. Whether it was helping employees in China left homeless by massive flooding or sending care packages to U. S. soldiers abroad or feeding orphans in Rwanda or volunteering for Special Olympics, Cummins employees opened their hearts to help others. This generous spirit has been a tradition at Cummins for almost 90 years. Looking to the Future As we look to the future, our focus will continue to be profitable growth. We expect earnings to grow faster than sales in 2008 as every segment improves its operating performance, and we are predicting strong sales increases and nearly 20 percent growth in our EBIT. This high level of confidence in our business results is based on several important factors.

Customer Support
Herman van Niekerk, Vice President for Cummins Cal Pacific distributor, checks the monitors on the Cummins Cogeneration System at the headquarters of American Honda Motor Corporation (below) in Torrance, California .

10

Cummins Inc. 2007 Annual Report

First, Cummins' advanced technology has opened new doors for our products and will drive our longer-term growth. In particular, our technology will play an important role in markets related to more stringent emissions standards, better fuel economy, generating electricity and the needs of developing countries, such as China, India, Brazil, Russia, Vietnam and Nigeria. Second, we have already increased our capital investment in many parts of the world in anticipation of these growing markets. We consider new plants and facilities ­ particularly in China and India ­ as a primary requisite for being a significant participant in these markets. Along with the manufacturing and technical centers we built in recent years, we are planning 19 new plants and 42 capacity expansion projects, many of which are underway. These include a new fuel system plant in China, our light-duty project with Beiqi Foton Motor Company in Beijing and major expansions in India for both midrange and high-horsepower engines, power generation and turbochargers.

A 1,250-kilowatt QSV91 gas-powered Cummins generator set supplies electricity as well as hot and chilled water for the American Honda facility 24 hours a day, seven days a week. The design, construction and commissioning was undertaken by a Cummins Cal Pacific subsidiary, Cal Pacific Engineering, Inc. The Cummins distributed generation system annually saves the facility several hundred thousand dollars in heating and cooling costs.

11

"Our investments in China and India through 2009, including contributions from our joint venture partners, will total nearly $600 million."

Over the next five years, our consolidated entities will make $2.5 billion in capital expenditures. Together with our partners, we will make another $1 billion in capital expenditures in our joint ventures. Our investments in China and India through 2009, including contributions from our joint venture partners, will total nearly $600 million. Most of these investments will drive profitable growth in the future as new engine platforms begin production in 2009 and 2010. Investments such as those in highhorsepower engine capacity, fuel systems, turbochargers and aftertreatment will pay more immediate returns. Along with our willingness to invest capital in our quest for profitable growth, we are continuing to look for new partners in those areas where it makes sense. Our access to these markets is made easier by our joint venture relationships, which allow us to partner with established global companies, such as Dongfeng Automotive Corporation in China, Tata Motors Ltd. in India and Kamaz Inc. in Russia, with limited investment and volume commitment from our partners providing good returns.

Renowned Brands
The TR45, one of a range of rugged dump trucks from Terex, has a loading capacity of 45 tons, with a top speed of 40 miles an hour. It is powered by a 525-horsepower, Cummins QSK19 engine .

12

Cummins Inc. 2007 Annual Report

Third, Cummins is more diversified and better able to handle the cyclical demand in our markets than at any time in our history. For example, even as some markets have softened, new ones have emerged. A fourth reason for my optimism is the improvement in our ability to deliver bottomline performance. We have focused on margins and controlling costs, and, as a result, over the past seven years we have grown EBIT at four times the rate of sales. Finally, our balance sheet is in good shape, with very little debt, positive cash flow and fully-funded qualified pensions. This financial health gives us the flexibility to invest in the people, products, facilities and technologies we need to capture profitable growth opportunities when they arise.

Buhler Versatile's fourwheel drive tractor is powered by the Cummins QSX15 Tier 3, 435-horsepower engine. Buhler 4WD tractors are approved for B20 biodiesel fuel.

13

"We have outstanding products and technology leadership, expanding markets and growing share, a disciplined approach to investments and a strong balance sheet."

These are exciting times for Cummins. We have outstanding products and technology leadership, excellent partners, expanding markets and growing share, a disciplined approach to investments and a strong balance sheet. Our people are extremely well prepared to take advantage of the profitable growth opportunities before us. Let me conclude by expressing my gratitude to the Cummins Board of Directors, whose guidance on behalf of the Company and its owners provides enormous value. I would like to single out the outstanding efforts of John Deutch, who has left the Board after serving as a member for 10 years. John has had a distinguished career both in government and in education, serving as a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology since 1970. As a member of the Board's Finance Committee and Chairman of the Technology and Environmental Committee, John could be counted on to ask the tough questions and lend valuable scientific insight to many issues affecting the Company. We wish him well in his future endeavors.

Innovative Technology

Cummins MerCruiser Diesel's Zeus technology incorporates SmartCraft Joystick Docking to provide better maneuverability than traditional inboards. Zeus is one of three propulsion products under the Brunswick umbrella brand MerCruiser 360 Control that applies joystick docking technology to pod drives, sterndrives and inboards.

14

Cummins Inc. 2007 Annual Report

Finally, I want to express my appreciation to the 37,800 Cummins employees worldwide, as well as to our customers, suppliers, vendors, contractors and other stakeholders, including the communities where we work, for continuing to lend their support to this truly great company. Tim Solso Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Cummins Inc.

The highly advanced propulsion system offers up to 30 percent better fuel economy and unsurpassed handling at high and low speeds. In addition, a Zeus-equipped vessel delivers precise turning and tight maneuvering even in strong currents and windy conditions.

We were included in the Dow Jones World Sustainability Index for 006, for the second straight year. Likewise, we learned early in 2007 that we were named to the 100 Best Corporate Citizens list by CRO Magazine for the eighth consecutive year. We are one of only 11 companies to earn that distinction.

15

