To Our Shareholders
2003 was a good year for Cummins, reflecting the dedicated efforts of our more than 24,000 employees around the world. The Company's stock provided an 80.2 percent total return for Cummins shareholders, including both share price appreciation and the compounding effect of the dividend. That return compares very favorably to total returns for major indices, including the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 28.3 percent, the Standard & Poor's 500 Stock Index at 28.7 percent and the Russell 2000 at 49.5 percent. In the second half of the year, our businesses were generating a profit largely due to increased sales and ongoing cost-reduction efforts, especially our Six Sigma initiatives. Our share in earnings from joint ventures and affiliated companies was $70 million for 2003 ­ more than three times earnings in the previous year. We are forecasting long-term growth in profits from joint ventures, and as we solidify our joint venture dividend policies, we expect to improve our cash flow from them. End markets finally showed signs of improvement in the second half of the year following a very tough three-year recession. The outlook continues to be promising for 2004, particularly the North American heavy-duty and medium-duty truck segments, Dodge Ram pickup trucks, recreational vehicles, oil and gas, mining and filtration products, as well as major international markets, including China and India. The following summarizes key successes from our four complementary business segments.

Tim Solso Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Cummins Inc.

The engine for the 20041/2 model was named one of the "10 Best Engines for 2004" by Ward's Communications. Our 15-year partnership with DaimlerChrysler was extended this past year and holds promise for future business opportunities. Order rates for our emission-compliant engines continue to improve. More than 30,000 ISX and ISM engines for the North American heavy-duty truck market were shipped in 2003. With the positive performance of our engines and the experience gained by truck fleets, we are in a good position to take advantage of the growing demand for environmentally friendly products. The Heavy Duty Business also continued to build on the three long-term supply agreements that secure our customer base well into the future. These agreements with our North American heavy-duty truck original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) provide the foundation for a different approach to engineering and design that engages the vehicle manufacturer as a partner in development. The result will be a more efficient product development cycle and continued improvements in the quality of our next generation of products. The agreements enable better pricing discipline in the market and lower expenses in our marketing, sales and support activities. The medium-duty business enjoyed similar success, as Cummins and Freightliner reached an agreement to continue to install Cummins ISC and ISL engines in Freightliner and Sterling brand trucks. Cummins engines will now be available in the new Freightliner Business Class M2 line of medium-duty and vocational trucks, as well as the Sterling Acterra product line. The agreement extends through 2006. The Engine Business signed another new customer agreement with Thomas Built Bus, a member of the DaimlerChrysler Freightliner Group. Thomas announced last year that it will begin using the Cummins ISB Engine in its school buses in 2004. The ISB's low emissions and quiet operation offer important safety benefits for both students and bus drivers.

Engine Business
In 2003, the Engine Business had sales of $3.6 billion, up 6 percent from the previous year. Profits were $70 million compared to profits of $49 million in 2002. The results are an indication that the Engine Business is leveraging its improved cost structure to benefit performance as markets return. At the same time, the 2003 results reflect a record volume year for the Cummins turbo diesel engine that powers the popular Dodge Ram pickup truck. The Dodge Ram engine generated more than $750 million in revenue for the Company in 2003.

page four

A major international highlight of the year for the Engine Business was the expansion of the agreement between Cummins and Dongfeng Automobile Company Limited, a subsidiary of Dongfeng Motor Company. The 50-50 joint venture was broadened to include Cummins C series engines in Dongfeng's production capabilities. The expanded joint venture captures additional market presence, resulting in higher profits and cash flow during 2003.

The consumer business has benefited from Power Generation's strategic focus on market share growth, ongoing relationships with loyal customers and the positive brand recognition and reputation of Onan products. We are well positioned for future growth in this segment. Our alternator business experienced strong sales and profits in Asia-Pacific and the Europe/Middle East/ Africa regions. Overall sales were $163 million, a 23 percent increase over 2002. This growth was achieved despite competitive pricing in all markets. Power Generation played a major role in providing electrical service during the August blackout that affected much of the northeastern United States. In addition to keeping the lights on at the Statue of Liberty and New York City Hall, Cummins provided immediate emergency power to hospitals, airports and air traffic control, telecommunications equipment, water treatment facilities and homes. Finally, the Company's business activity in the Middle East increased, benefiting from sales and rental of power generation equipment to Iraq.

Power Generation Business
In 2003, Cummins Power Generation increased sales by 8 percent from $1.2 billion in 2002 to $1.3 billion, despite challenging industry conditions, including low capital spending levels, excess inventory and price competition. While the higher sales and continued cost reduction efforts returned the business to profitability in the fourth quarter, Power Generation lost $15 million in 2003 compared to a loss of $25 million in 2002. After realigning the organization under new leadership, the business improved performance in 2003 by launching new low-cost products and intensifying its focus on cost reduction initiatives. In addition, in the second half of the year Power Generation began to see some improvement in the weak economic conditions that plagued the industry for more than 24 months. Power Generation's consumer business, which sells Onan-branded products in the recreational vehicle, marine, residential and commercial vehicle markets, delivered record sales and earnings in 2003. Share growth in all markets, combined with favorable conditions primarily in the recreational vehicle market, contributed to this solid performance. Overall sales were $266 million, an 8 percent increase over 2002.

Filtration and Other Business
In 2003, the Filtration and Other Business had record sales of $1.1 billion, up 11 percent from 2002. Profits were $86 million. Fleetguard, our filtration and exhaust system subsidiary, achieved double-digit sales growth in an uneven global economy. While North America accounted for the majority of Fleetguard's increase, Europe and Asia-Pacific also grew sales. Emission Solutions continued its strong performance with early OEM success in the North American heavy-duty pickup and transit bus markets. Partnerships with leading catalyst manufacturers, together with strong engine and equipment distribution channels, created high demand for Emission Solutions retrofit products.

page five

Fleetguard signed a new five-year supply agreement with CNH Global NV for both OEM production and aftermarket service sales. In August, the Filtration Business announced the opening of a new 200,000 square foot plant in Waynesboro, Georgia, to support the small engine and recreational vehicle market that has migrated operations to the southeastern U.S. Shortly afterward, Honda Motors awarded the Filtration Business the vehicle exhaust system for its new all-terrain vehicle platform. Last year, Fleetguard introduced several new environmentally friendly products. They included a centrifugal lube filtration series that provides the maximum soot removal efficiency available on the market today. Another new product was the Enviroguard line that controls oil drips and filters crankcase aerosols in all diesel engine applications from 60 to 640 horsepower. Fleetguard also added a diesel-engine retrofit emissions system that reduces oxides of nitrogen by 25 percent and particulate matter by 85 percent, as well as a line of heavy-duty antifreeze products that features recycled coolants. MacKay & Company, a leading U.S. independent market research company, ranked Fleetguard as the top brand preferred in air, oil, fuel and coolant filtration. Holset, our turbocharger business, is the world's largest commercial turbocharger manufacturer. Holset's variable geometry turbocharger is a key technology for meeting emissions standards in high-performance applications. In 2003, Holset launched its first application of an electronically controlled wastegate turbocharger on the Cummins diesel engine for the Dodge Ram pickup.

In the first half of the year, results in China and Southeast Asia were not as good as expected. Lingering economic weakness in Southeast Asia also kept Hong Kong, Singapore and the Philippines distributorships below plan levels. Despite these challenges, sales and profits for all of Asia improved over the previous year. The International Distributor Business's targeted investment in new service locations in China, the United Kingdom, Belgium, Italy, Argentina and Russia is important for current and future results. Equally critical is the organization's emphasis on asset utilization, common systems and leveraging resources.

A Global Future
To be sure, American businesses face significant challenges today. Health care costs that have reached 15 percent of our gross domestic product, the potential for terrorists to wreak havoc with the world economy and the fallout from corporate corruption and scandals are just a few. Still, the successes that Cummins enjoyed in 2003, coupled with the signs that our nation's economy is on the mend, have fueled my optimism for 2004 and beyond. We have a product line-up that is second to none and a clear technology plan that extends to 2013. We are either No. 1 or No. 2 in the majority of the markets in which we participate. We are committed to taking care of our customers ­ both current and future ­ by providing them with the products and services they want and need. Our relentless focus on cost reduction and on tightly managing the capital investment in our businesses during the downturn has positioned us well for the market recovery. We will continue this disciplined focus on cost leadership and excellence in execution, while seeking attractive opportunities for growth. Our intent is to profit from the value of our core brands, established market position, technology leadership and global presence. Wherever possible we will use the strong synergies and linkages between our businesses to capitalize on emerging market opportunities. For example, combining the exhaust packaging competencies of Fleetguard, our experiences with diesel combustion and emissions and our partnerships with key global equipment manufacturers puts Cummins in an excellent position to benefit from the emerging need for diesel exhaust aftertreatment worldwide.

International Distributor Business
The International Distributor Business achieved a 17 percent increase in sales and a 38 percent increase in profits over 2002 levels. Overall, the International Distributor Business profits grew from $29 million in 2002 to $40 million in 2003 on sales growth of $95 million. Along with the Middle East distributorship in Dubai, other areas that delivered better-than-expected sales and profits included Australia, South Africa, the United Kingdom and Japan. India experienced a year-over-year sales growth of 10 percent due to the country's improving economy and infrastructure enhancements.

page six

China and India represent near-term opportunities for Cummins. Over the last five years, we have seen significant earnings growth from the market position we have established in China. Our long-standing business enterprises in India have delivered consistent and reliable earnings for many years. Cummins and our JV partners combined to sell more than $1.3 billion of engines and turbos in the two countries. We are the largest foreign investor in China's diesel engine sector, and have six factories that produce engines, turbochargers, filters, gensets and alternators. Today, eight of the 14 Cummins engine families are produced locally in China and are based on global quality standards. In addition, we have more than 450,000 Cummins-powered trucks in China. Both countries are poised for dramatic growth over the next decade. Their plans for massive investments in transportation infrastructure will fuel a need for our products. We will not only have the opportunity to power the equipment that will build the infrastructure, but also the vehicles that will use the new roads, rail systems and waterways. In addition to the market growth potential, Cummins will reap benefits by developing lower cost sources for components and services in both China and India. There is also the opportunity to grow in emerging or developing economies where there is a need for the benefits our core products offer. We will continue to seek attractive opportunities to extend our global distribution presence and to provide a broader customer base with high quality aftermarket products and services through this channel. Let me conclude by thanking Cummins employees, joint ventures and affiliates, distributors and dealers for their contributions to the Company's success. Because their commitment to excellence goes beyond our daily business activities, Cummins was recognized during the year with several major awards, including Business Ethics magazine ranking of the Company as number two on its list of the 100 most responsible U. S. corporate citizens. My gratitude extends to our loyal shareholders, whose continued trust and financial investment in Cummins are greatly appreciated, and to our Board of Directors, whose counsel and guidance are highly valued.

Finally, let me take this opportunity to acknowledge the outstanding contribution of two Board members ­ Frank Thomas and Walter Elisha ­ who are retiring after a combined 45 years of service to Cummins. Our Lead Director Frank Thomas is leaving the Board after more than 30 years, during which time he has been a valued resource and trusted friend both to me and previous Cummins CEOs. He has taught us patience. He has helped us recognize the value of a reasoned and thoughtful approach. He has guided our efforts to understand and embrace the benefits of diverse perspectives. His long and distinguished career includes his roles as head of the TFF Study Group, a not-for-profit development assistance group focusing on South Africa, and 17 years as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Ford Foundation. Walter Elisha's contributions to the Cummins Board have been numerous. The retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Springs Industries Inc., Walter has been a director since 1991. He also serves as a director of AT&T Wireless and as a trustee of Wabash College. He is a former member of the President's Advisory Committee for Trade Policy and Negotiations. Walter's advice and perspective have served Cummins well during his tenure with the Board. He has been a loyal advisor to the Company and its management team. Both will be missed.

Tim Solso Chairman and CEO Cummins Inc.

page seven

