    CMS AR
 DEAR SHAREOWNERS:
2004 was a successful year for our company. We made good progress on the road to strengthening our financial condition, due largely to continued outstanding performance by our employees, improved customer satisfaction, and fair and favor- able resolution of a long list of state regulatory issues. At the same
time, we strengthened the balance sheet through a successful equity offering, reduced our interest costs, met our earnings goal, and received positive actions from the ratings agencies.
All of this was reflected in our share price, which has increased more than 50 percent since the end of 2003.
Our reported earnings were $110 million, or 64 cents per share, a significant improvement from a loss of $44 million, or 30 cents per share in 2003.
By the way, I’m proud that we’ve successfully implemented our continuing Sarbanes-Oxley com- pliance program, and filed our certification without any material weaknesses. Our employees took this challenge as an opportunity to further enhance our corporate credibility, and did a great job.
Despite our many successes in 2004, we still have work to do. Our parent company debt is too high, and we’re executing the plan to cut it in half over the next several years. We have yet to restore a dividend, and we’re focused on improving our cash flow so that we can prudently do so. Though we completed several key asset sales in 2004, we’re still more spread out than we’d like to be, and

MESSAGE TO SHAREOWNERS
   3
  we continue to implement the plan we began a few years ago to divest nonstrategic assets.
Key to our success will be the continued exceptional performance by our employees. As own- ers of nearly 10 percent of the company’s common stock, they are heavily invested in our success. They also are central to our company’s goal of providing reliable, competitively priced and increas-
ingly clean energy to our customers.
Rest assured there won’t be any major changes in direction in 2005. We are focused on contin-
uing to successfully implement our utility-plus strategy and meeting our commitments, plain and simple. We don’t need any miracles or big bets, just good old-fashioned execution.
I’d be remiss if I didn’t end with a note of thanks for our chairman, Ken Whipple. Ken stepped down from the role of CEO in October 2004 after serving in that position for a challenging term of over two years. Ken leaves behind a legacy of high standards and “doing what you say you’re going to do ... every time.” We owe Ken a debt of gratitude for his personal commitment, unwavering values and strong leadership, and look forward to his ongoing guidance in his continuing role as chairman.
Sincerely,
Dave Joos
President and Chief Executive Officer March 23, 2005
     