DEAR SHAREOWNERS:
CMS Energy accomplished a major transformation in 2007 as we successfully implemented several key steps in our strategy to focus on our Michigan utility, Consumers Energy. We completed our international divestiture plan, and used the net proceeds of $1.5 billion to cut parent debt from $2.3 billion to $1.7 billion and to invest $650 million in the utility. With that investment, we achieved our target capital structure for Consumers Energy and positioned the company for an aggressive capital investment program to meet the state’s growing energy needs and further enhance our strong customer service.
The sale of our international portfolio was one of several actions that resulted in a meaningful reduction in our business risk profile. We also reduced business uncertainty at the utility by closing on the sale of the Palisades nuclear plant for $380 million, including an agreement for the buyer to assume responsibility for management and ultimate disposition of spent nuclear fuel from the former Big Rock Point plant.
In addition, we negotiated the termination of unfavorable legacy electric supply agreements at the Dearborn Industrial Generation (DIG) facility. While this termination was costly, involving payment of $275 million, it eliminated both ongoing losses and risks associated with those agreements. DIG is now positioned to be a positive contributor to our operating results. The majority of its output for the next several years has been sold through tolling contracts that do not expose the company to the fuel price volatility that affected our results under the prior agreements.
While these restructuring actions positioned the company for the future, they had the expected negative impact on the company’s 2007 financial results, breaking the pattern of adjusted earnings growth in the last few years. The charge for restructuring the DIG agreements and the currency translation losses associated with the international sales were the major factors in a reported net loss of $227 million, or $1.02 per share for the year. Another factor was the loss of operating income from the international businesses sold. This was anticipated in our plan and is expected to be offset by higher earnings at the utility, but not until after the Michigan Public Service Commission issues an order in our pending electric rate case. We expect that to happen this spring, and that should permit us to return to the pattern of adjusted earnings growth.
The company’s core operations are strong. The reduction in risk and the improvement in our balance sheet led all three of the major credit rating agencies to upgrade their ratings for both the parent company and Consumers Energy in 2007 to our target levels.
The Board of Directors recognized the company’s underlying strength and improved financial condition in January with an 80 percent increase in the quarterly common stock dividend, which was restored in 2007 after a four-year suspension. The quarterly dividend was increased from 5 cents a share to 9 cents a share.
A top priority for the company has been answering the question of how Michigan will meet its future electric supply needs. In 2007, we filed our Balanced Energy Initiative (BEI) with the Michigan Public Service Commission. The BEI is a comprehensive plan for how Consumers Energy will meet the growing power needs of its customers over the next 20 years. It includes aggressive energy efficiency and demand management programs, increased adoption of renew- able energy technologies, additional gas-fired generating capacity, new clean coal generation, as well as using existing generating units to meet rising customer demand.
We are mindful of growing concern about climate change, and the need to minimize the impact of electric power production on the environment. Our carbon footprint is much better than the regional average, and better than the national average, with about 42 percent of our generation coming from renewables, natural gas and nuclear. We anticipate the likelihood of climate change legislation in the next Congress, and have developed our plan accordingly.

We already are moving aggressively to implement the Balanced Energy Initiative. In Septem- ber, we announced plans to build a new 800-megawatt clean coal unit at the Karn/Weadock Generating Complex near Bay City, Mich. This plant will include the most advanced commer- cially available environmental controls, as well as an accommodation for future post-combus- tion capture of carbon dioxide.
In December, we closed on the purchase of a 935-megawatt natural gas-fired generating facility near Zeeland, Mich., after receiving expedited approval for the purchase from the Michigan Public Service Commission.
We also have started the work needed to double the amount of renewable energy we supply to customers, from 5 percent today to 10 percent by 2015. We expect the bulk of that new renewable power to come from wind turbines, and we’ve made substantial progress in our wind farm development plans. The interest in renewable energy is clear with more than 13,000 customers enrolled in our successful Green Generation program, which is designed to encourage the development of renewable energy in Michigan.
Michigan policy-makers have made it a priority to develop comprehensive energy legislation, including reforms to Michigan’s electric deregulation law needed to set the stage for major new investment in Michigan’s electric power infrastructure. We are involved in the process surrounding this key issue, and we’re encouraged with the progress. The adoption of those changes should allow the company to fully implement its “Growing Forward” strategy of investing $6 billion in the utility over the next five years.
Gov. Jennifer Granholm has identified alternative energy as a key area to help diversify and grow Michigan’s economy. In her recent State of the State address, she urged the members of the Michigan House and Senate to adopt a renewable portfolio standard for the state as part of a comprehensive energy policy package.
In addition to meeting the growing demand for power, we also are in the final stages of replacing our dated enterprise software packages with state-of-the-art technology that is designed to allow us to streamline our operations and improve our operating performance and customer service. The next step in that direction is our plan to design and deploy advanced digital metering and communication infrastructure that is designed to further increase operat- ing efficiencies and improve customer service. One important feature will be the ability for customers to access much more timely and detailed information about their energy usage, and to use that information to better conserve and control their energy costs.
In summary, the company has entered a time of great potential and opportunity. Our financial structure is sound and with our Growing Forward strategy, we have prioritized the abundant growth opportunities at Consumers Energy to focus on those that build on our strong operations and help meet growing customer expectations at affordable rates.
Thanks for your continued support. Sincerely,
David W. Joos
President and Chief Executive Officer
March 17, 2008
 