DEAR SHAREOWNERS:
CMS Energy performed well in 2009 and made significant progress in implement- ing its “Growing Forward” investment plan. We also reached key operational and financial goals despite a challenging economy.
For 2009, CMS Energy had reported net income available to common shareowners of $218 million, or $0.91 per share, compared to reported net income available to common shareowners of $284 million, or $1.20 per share, for 2008. The 2009 results included a one-time charge of $79 million, or $0.33 per share, related to a February 2010 regulatory decision requiring Consumers Energy, CMS Energy’s Michigan electric and natural gas utility, to refund to customers certain revenues collected from 2001 to 2003 related to nuclear plant decommissioning.
Implementing the comprehensive Michigan energy reform law enacted in October 2008 was a major focus for the company in 2009. The law establishes goals for renewable energy and energy efficiency and, from a regulatory perspective, the law enhances the utility investment environment through provisions that reduce invest- ment risk and streamline ratemaking processes.
One provision of the law requires the regulatory review of rate cases to take place within a year and also allows utilities to implement interim rate increases six months after a rate case is filed, absent intervention by the Michigan Public Service Commis- sion. The provision is designed to provide more certainty and more timely recovery of costs, thereby enhancing the environment for capital investment. Consumers Energy utilized that provision in 2009 in both its electric and gas rate cases.
The energy law enables the main element of our Growing Forward plan, which is the Balanced Energy Initiative. That is an integrated plan to meet the future needs of our 1.8 million electric customers through a diverse portfolio of generating assets and long-term power supply contracts.
With our Balanced Energy Initiative, two-thirds of the projected new energy resources needed to serve customers through 2018 will be provided by renewable energy sources plus peak load reductions from new energy efficiency and demand side management programs. The balance is met through new state-of-the-art fossil fuel generation.
Our renewable energy plan calls for investing about $1.3 billion in building 450 megawatts of wind capacity. We also plan to contract with third-party providers for another 450 megawatts of renewable energy capacity to meet the state’s standard of 10 percent renewable energy. We already have signed six contracts to purchase 9.4 megawatts of capacity from small-scale projects and expect to sign contracts later this year for about 250 megawatts of capacity from the first round of large- scale projects.
Consumers Energy has secured easements for about 60,000 acres — nearly
95 square miles of land — for wind farm development on the west side of the state, in Mason County, and also on the east side of the state, in Tuscola and Huron counties. Our first wind farm is expected to be the 100 MW Lake Winds Energy Park in Mason County and is scheduled to begin serving customers in 2012. Consumers Energy has a history in renewable energy that goes back to the early 1900s, when hydroelectric facilities were the first large-scale power projects that
the company built to serve its customers. Today, with more than four percent of its power coming from renewable generation sources, Consumers Energy is the largest supplier of renewable energy in Michigan.

Michigan’s new energy law also requires Consumers Energy to mount aggressive customer energy efficiency programs to reduce overall electric use by about six percent and natural gas use by nearly four percent by 2015. In its first year, the program was popular with customers and a clear success: More than $6 million in incentives distributed to business customers for energy efficiency projects; 700,000 compact fluorescent light bulbs sold; 7,200 rebates for high efficiency furnaces; and 12,000 applications for rebates for heating and cooling systems and water heaters. The program also provided a boost to local businesses, involving 750 heating and cooling contractors. Overall, the 2009 energy savings exceeded targets by 33 percent for electricity and 23 percent for natural gas and qualified the company to receive performance incentives as provided for in the new state energy law.
The renewable energy and energy efficiency programs continue to provide oppor- tunities for the company by allowing rate-based investment and, in the case of energy efficiency, the potential for performance incentives. The company’s
$920 million Smart Grid program offers another substantial investment opportu- nity. Our program plan calls for deploying advanced “smart meters” and communi- cations technology that links to the modern, integrated computer software system that we installed in 2008. We expect Smart Grid to allow us to realize further benefits from the new system as we continue our efforts to increase the efficiency and effectiveness of our operations and to improve customer service.
Developing a new clean coal plant remains a key part of the Balanced Energy Initiative. That project reached a major milestone late in 2009 with the issuance of an air permit for the plant. The permit includes a commitment from Consumers Energy to retire up to seven of its older, less efficient coal units after the new unit begins operating. Five of these older units will be retired following operation of the new unit, with the retirement of the additional two older units dependent on customer need. Building the new plant and retiring the older units is expected to result in a substantial net reduction in overall emissions from our coal-fired generating fleet. This net environmental benefit has the potential to grow in the future. Design plans for the new plant would enable it to utilize carbon capture and storage technology once it becomes commercially and economically viable. Michigan’s geology is favorable for the future application of that technology and could provide a competitive advantage for our plant in the future, depending on federal climate change regulation or legislation. Later this year, the company plans to file an application with the Michigan Public Service Commission for a Certificate of Necessity for the plant and expects a decision from the agency in 2011.
On the financial front, the Michigan economy has been challenging given the automotive industry’s struggles and record unemployment. We have been aggressive about managing our operational costs, including reducing our workforce. While we are seeing some positive signs in the state’s economy, we plan to continue with our tight cost controls and our efforts to increase productivity across the company. We continue to see positive results from our Growing Forward investment program, which calls for investing more than $7 billion in our utility operations over the next five years. It is an important element of our plan to deliver consistent long-term earnings growth. These investments in Michigan communities also will help strengthen the state’s energy infrastructure, create jobs, and protect our environment.
The success of our strategy and the improved financial strength of the company allowed the Board of Directors to increase the common stock dividend for the

third straight year in January 2010. The dividend was increased by 20 percent, from 50 cents per share to 60 cents per share, on an annualized basis. That represents an expected payout ratio of about 44 percent. As we implement our investment plan and grow our earnings, we expect to continue to increase our payout ratio, though at a slower pace than recent years in light of our aggressive capital investment plan.
To sum up, the company had a successful year in 2009. We successfully pursued abundant investment opportunities at Consumers Energy in an enhanced invest- ment environment. The soundness of the Growing Forward strategy, even in a challenging economy, is reflected in our financial results.
As always, the dedicated men and women who are proud to wear our colors deserve thanks for our success. Their commitment to safety, customer service, environmental stewardship, and the communities that we serve is truly a credit to them as individuals and to the company as a whole.
Finally, thank you for your support and confidence over the past six years of my tenure as your Chief Executive Officer (CEO). It has been my privilege to serve in that role. Recently, I announced my intention to retire as CEO and recommended that the Board implement our transition plan and elect John Russell to that position. I’m pleased that they have accepted my recommendation. John’s back- ground, experience and capabilities are ideal to continue our Growing Forward plan to invest in our Michigan utility.
I intend to continue to be involved in the future of the companies in a new role. The Board has asked me to assume the chairmanship of CMS Energy and Consumers Energy effective in May with the retirement of Ken Whipple, who has reached our mandatory retirement age for directors. Ken has been a terrific chairman, and I have appreciated his counsel and support.
I also want to acknowledge the retirement from our Board of Joe Paquette and Percy Pierre. Joe has also reached our mandatory retirement age, and Percy has elected to retire after two decades of service. Both have been valuable members of our Board to whom I am grateful. With these retirements and the proposed addition of John Russell to the Board, we will reduce the size of the Board to ten members.
I am confident that the changes we have planned will allow for the continued performance and growth of the company. Thanks for your continued support.
Sincerely,
David W. Joos
President and Chief Executive Officer March 31, 2010
 