Dear Shareowners:
CMS Energy performed well in 2011, providing value to investors and customers. The company’s results reflect the continued successful execution of our business plan and strong operational performance, including an increased focus on customer service.
For 2011, CMS Energy had reported net income available to common shareowners of $415 million, or $1.58 per share, compared to reported net income available to common shareowners of $324 million, or $1.28 per share, for 2010. The 2011 results included a one-time $32 million non-cash tax gain related to the company’s non-utility operations.
The company’s 2011 adjusted (non-Generally Accepted Accounting Principles) net income, which excludes the effects of one-time items, was $382 million, or $1.45 per share, compared to $345 million, or $1.36 per share, in 2010. The 2011 adjusted earnings slightly exceeded CMS Energy’s guidance of $1.44 per share. A reconciliation of adjusted net income to reported net income (GAAP) is attached.
Those strong financial results led the Board of Directors to increase the common stock dividend in January by 14 percent, to 96 cents per share on an annualized basis. That marked the sixth increase in the dividend since 2006. We now have a payout ratio of about 62 percent, which is in line with the average for our industry, as well as an annualized yield of about 4 percent (at a $21.75 per share price). Sub- ject to approval of the Board of Directors, we expect dividend growth to keep pace with projected earnings growth of 5 percent to 7 percent per year.
We are aligned squarely with the interests of our investors and are focused on provid- ing consistent financial performance. We have delivered that, meeting or exceeding our earnings projections for the past nine years. The company’s consistent financial performance is being recognized in the marketplace with our market capitalization (the stock price multiplied by the number of outstanding shares) reaching an all- time high of $5.6 billion at the end of 2011, a $2.1 billion increase since the end of 2009.
Our long-term plan for annual earnings per share growth of 5 percent to 7 percent is based on making substantial investments in our principal subsidiary, Consumers Energy, a Michigan electric and gas utility. Consumers Energy is the fourth-largest combination utility in the nation and serves about 2.9 million customers.
We plan to invest $6.6 billion in our utility operations through 2016, making Con- sumers Energy one of the largest investors as well as one of the largest employers in Michigan. Along with providing value to customers, these investments are helping to improve Michigan’s economy and we’re proud that we’re contributing to the state’s recovery. Our long-term plan also calls for holding base rate increases for customers at or below the rate of inflation through 2016. We’re aggressively manag- ing our costs and constantly working to serve our customers more efficiently and effectively. We’re also targeting some of our capital investments in areas that will allow operations and maintenance cost reductions. We expect to reduce our oper- ations and maintenance costs by 4 percent this year and then reduce them about 1 percent a year through 2016.
We consistently rank in the first quartile of industry benchmarking for controlling overhead costs. We continue to cut costs and improve productivity by reducing our workforce, making a 2 percent reduction in 2011 after a 5 percent reduction in 2010. Customers benefit from our focus on controlling costs, because it helps hold

down rates. It also supports our efforts to secure timely regulatory recovery of the major investments we’re making to provide value for our customers and benefits for investors.
The state’s 2008 energy law has fostered a constructive regulatory environment in Michigan and Fitch Ratings cited that as a key factor in its recent decision to raise Consumers Energy’s credit rating. Along with providing more regulatory predict- ability, the law also encourages job-creating investments to serve customers and improve the environment.
Bringing value to customers is the core of our business strategy and in 2011 we launched our Customer Value Initiative, which is designed to unify and elevate the company’s efforts to provide excellent service to its customers with an emphasis on improving first-time service quality. We’re also bringing value to customers by making substantial investments in renewable energy, environmental quality, energy efficiency and our natural gas and electric distribution systems. The customer bene- fits from these investments are clear. For example, investments in our electric system allowed Consumers Energy to meet the highest customer demand for electricity in its 125-year history on July 21, 2011, while reducing heat-related customer outages by 50 percent compared to the previous record day.
Weather, ranging from heat waves to ice storms, challenged the company in 2011. Lightning strikes alone increased by more than 50 percent. Ice and freezing rain and sleet reports from the National Weather Service soared by more than 175 percent and we saw the number of downed wires go up by 47 percent. All told, the total number of customers experiencing electric service interruptions was up 23 percent. Despite these harsh conditions, we were able to restore service to 88.6 percent of customers in eight hours or less, slightly better than our 2009-10 average of about 86 percent. This was possible only because of the skill, dedication, and pro- fessionalism of our employees. Over and over last year, they tackled major, wide- spread storm damage and worked tirelessly to restore service to customers.
It is fitting that these impressive storm response efforts came in the year that marks Consumers Energy’s 125th year of serving Michigan. Since 1886, our customers have been counting on our company and its employees for the energy they need to run their businesses and bring comfort and convenience to their homes. We are one of the few companies able to reach this significant milestone and much of the credit belongs to the dedicated employees of yesterday and today. All of the past and pres- ent employees deserve our thanks for being proud to wear our colors and working hard every day to serve our customers. We were able to reach this milestone because as the needs of customers evolved over the years, the company changed to meet those needs and found new ways and new technology to serve customers.
We continued that tradition last year by starting construction on our first wind farm, the Lake Winds Energy Park. This 100-megawatt facility is scheduled to begin serv- ing customers later this year. We also are developing the Cross Winds Energy Park, a 150-megawatt facility expected to begin operation in 2015. We expect to invest about $500 million to develop these two wind farms, which will help Consumers Energy meet the state’s 10 percent renewable energy standard by 2015. They also will help us maintain our position as the state’s largest supplier of renewable energy. Today, 5 percent of the power that we supply to customers comes from renewable sources. We estimate that will increase to 8 percent when Lake Winds begins oper- ation. We’re expanding our renewable energy resources in a cost effective manner. In 2011, we were able to reduce our renewable energy customer surcharge by $54 million, mainly because of changes in the marketplace and advances in wind turbine technology. That reduction saves the typical residential customer about $22 a year.

Our Smart Grid program also offers customer value and earnings growth oppor- tunities. Data from pilot programs and tests conducted last year has helped to refine that $750 million program, which is scheduled to start installing smart meters to serve customers later this year. These meters will provide customers with detailed information about their energy usage and help them find ways to save energy and save money. They also will help us forecast and meet the electric needs of our cus- tomers, improve the accuracy of our bills, and to respond more effectively and effi- ciently to power outages and restore service.
The energy efficiency policy established in the 2008 energy law continues to provide value to customers and to investors. Over the past two years, customers have saved $67 million and put in place energy efficiency measures that will allow them to save energy and save money for years to come. Shareowners also have benefited because our programs exceeded the annual energy savings targets set by the Michigan Public Service Commission, earning an incentive for the company.
Our focus on providing value to customers and investors led to our decision last year to cancel development of an 830-megawatt clean coal generating unit. We had deferred development of the unit in 2010 because of reduced demand for electricity from the struggling economy, lower natural gas prices from the recent developments in shale gas recovery technology, and projected surplus generating capacity in the Midwest market. All those factors continued through 2011, leading to our decision to cancel the plant as being in the best economic interests of our customers and investors.
Our capital investment plan includes a $1.5 billion program through 2018 to install additional environmental controls at Consumers Energy’s five major coal-fired gen- erating units to further reduce emissions. We also announced plans last year to mothball seven smaller coal-fired units, effective January 2015. The environmental program investments and the planned mothballing of the seven smaller units are projected to reduce Consumers Energy’s power plant emissions by 90 percent. Market conditions and the final form and timing of federal and state environmental regulations could lead us to adjust our plans for the seven smaller units.
Looking back on 2011, it was a successful year for the company on many levels. Our substantial investments in the utility to serve customers and improve the environ- ment continued to provide value for our investors. Our 2011 financial results show the underlying strength of this proven strategy.
For me, the best 2011 result was continued outstanding improvement in employee safety. Employees, union leadership and management have been working together since 2007 to transform the company’s safety culture. I couldn’t be more impressed by their effort and commitment or more proud of the results: a 28 percent reduc- tion in safety incidents in 2011. Since 2007, by working together, we have been able to reduce our safety incidents by more than 70 percent. To put this accomplishment in perspective, that means about 400 more employees went home safe in 2011 than in 2007. Our 2011 safety results put us in the first quartile in the industry and, col- lectively, we are determined to improve each year. Our ultimate goal is zero safety incidents and our workforce is truly united to reach that mark. Each employee has my thanks for his or her commitment to working safely.
While we accomplished much in 2011, I’m excited about what’s to come this year and beyond. Our Growing Forward strategy (see image below) is an ongoing suc- cess for customers and investors. We plan to continue to make substantial invest- ments in Consumers Energy to serve customers while keeping our rates affordable

and improving the environment. Our natural gas business is uniquely positioned to provide customer and investor value over the next five years. We expect that the projected decline in gas prices linked to shale gas development will allow us to make substantial investments in our natural gas system with a minimal effect on customer bills. Looking forward, we expect our investments to support predictable and sustainable earnings growth and an attractive dividend.
Thanks for your continued support. Sincerely,
John G. Russell
President and Chief Executive Officer March 23, 2012
Consistent financial performance
Fair and timely regulation
Utility Customer investment value
Safe, excellent operations
Growing Forward Strategy
         