      TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS: ACROSS THE COUNTRY, SHAREHOLDERS ARE RECEIVING ANNUAL REPORTS THAT ACCOUNT FOR THEIR INVESTMENTS DURING THE PAST YEAR. SOME COMPANIES WILL DELIVER GOOD NEWS, THOUGH LESS FREQUENTLY THAN IN MOST YEARS
The energy industry had a fairly lousy 2002, and you could use the same adjective to describe our com- pany’s overall results. We had a net loss of $620 million, or $4.46 per share – due largely to write-downs or losses on assets – on a Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) basis. That compares to a net loss of $448 million, or $3.42 per share in 2001. Ongoing net income (non-GAAP; see page 1 for explana- tion) was a lot better because of our strong operating performance. It totaled $213 million, or $1.53 per share, compared to $9 million,
or $.08 per share in 2001. While perhaps a small consolation, I’m pleased that we have met or beaten our ongoing earnings forecasts since the new management team took over in May. We have put a high priority on delivering on our commitments.
costs by more than $50 million, and we are making additional reductions this year. In addition, we have reduced capital expenditures by $540 million in 2002 and another $350 million in 2003.
rebuilding
BECAUSE OF THE ECONOMY AND FINANCIAL MARKETS. MANY OTHERS WILL TRY TO PUT A GOOD “SPIN” ON A YEAR THAT DIDN’T GO QUITE RIGHT. I
Last January, the Board of Directors suspended the common stock dividend. This is painful for our owners, but it will improve liquidity by more than $100 million annually. Our company needs to be the kind
of company that pays dividends, however, and the board intends to restore a dividend as soon as it is financially prudent to do so.
confidence w i t h financiaL improvement
Our liquidity actions have given us a good base for continued improvement.
CERTAINLY CAN’T MAKE A PRETENSE OF DOING THE FIRST, AND I DON’T BELIEVE IN THE SECOND. INSTEAD, I’LL DISCUSS WHAT WE HAVE BEEN DOING TO TURN THIS COMPANY AROUND SINCE I BECAME CHAIRMAN AND CEO IN LATE MAY.
And even though profits are important, at the moment our most important short-term priority is liquidity – plain old cash. Our debt is too high for the size of this company and we have to pay some of it down, so we can use more of our cash flow to run the business and pay a dividend to shareholders.
While the closing of the Panhandle sale has been delayed somewhat from our original plan, we have arranged financing to satisfy all of our parent company and Consumers Energy debt obligations well into 2004. We reduced debt by about $800 million in 2002. With the closing of the Panhandle sale and other planned asset sales, we will continue to make substantial debt reductions.
First, I hope you’ll allow me to spend a moment thanking our hard-working employees who, incidentally, own about 12 percent of our stock and who feel the company’s financial difficulties as directly as anyone. These men and women demonstrated once again why they are among the best in the industry. A full report on their superb operating performance, which includes an important award recognizing customer satisfaction, begins on page 8.
Because the energy industry is out of favor with most investors, we have to control our own destiny as much as possible. We implemented a tough cost management program in 2002 that reduces annual operating
Next, I’ll cover the sad chapter on so-called round-trip trading. As most people now know, round-trip trades are simultaneous purchases and sales of electricity and natural gas with the same parties at the same price. They may not be illegal, but they were dumb and they didn’t come close to meeting our ethical
The competitive superiority of our service to customers will continue to be our best asset.
23

     to our shareholders
       standards. Last May, I formed a special committee of outside Directors to make sure we had all the facts on the table. No significant new informa- tion was discovered, and there was no indication of motives other than to pump up the marketing credentials of the Marketing, Services and Trading business by showing higher sales volumes. We have shared the results with the Securities and Exchange Commission and other agencies and have taken the appropriate personnel disciplinary actions.
The absence of a recovery plan for the costs accelerates the loss of customers – primarily industrial – to alternate suppliers, and potentially increases future electric bills for small commercial and residential customers.
company can and needs to be. We expect ongoing net income (non-GAAP) to be in the range of 80 cents to 90 cents per share. This decrease from 2002 is the result of several factors. First, we are selling assets that were contributing earnings, the largest being our Panhandle pipeline system. Second, Consumers Energy’s earnings will decrease because of investments at our generating plants to comply with the Clean Air Act; the shift of customers to electric customer choice in the absence of stranded cost recovery; and higher borrowing costs.
The company has restated its 2000 and 2001 consolidated financial statements to eliminate the effects of round-trip trading, a project that was expanded to include a full re-audit of those years. With the filing of the Form 10-K for 2002 that accompanies this annual report, our re-audit is complete. We expect to complete a review of 2001 quarterly results by mid-summer.
Securitization of these costs will save customers more than $100 mil- lion annually on future bills.
Our new management team is a good one, and we are working hard to deliver the results that will restore your confidence in the company.
Finally, the company is working to resolve a number of Michigan regula- tory issues that affect the earnings of Consumers Energy. These include:
* * * * *
we are working hard to deliver the results that will restore your
• Recovery of stranded costs resulting from Michigan’s electric customer choice program, as permit- ted by state law. We have asked the Michigan Public Service Commission (MPSC) to reconsider its order regarding 2000 and 2001 stranded costs, and have filed a request for recovery of 2002 stranded costs.
We have made a good start in 2002, but as you can tell by the priorities I have listed, a lot of work remains. I think it’s important that investors understand that our finan- cial recovery is a multiyear journey.
confidence
• Consumers Energy has asked the MPSC to approve securitization of up to $1.1 billion of costs, about half of which are related to capital expenditures the company has made to comply with new Clean Air Act requirements.
There is one more item that is very important to all of us at this company – rebuilding the confidence of investors in our financial and business integrity. On pages 6-7 of this report we have outlined some of the measures that are in place to ensure sound and credible corporate governance, and to comply with new laws and regulations. But these measures are not just about compliance. We are dead serious about seeing that they are fully embraced in spirit, as well as the letter of the law, by all our employees.
• This month we asked the MPSC to approve a $156 million natural gas rate increase. Although we received a $56 million increase in November – the first since 1984 – it was not adequate to fully serve natural gas customers, meet new regulatory requirements and provide an accept- able return to shareholders.
Sincerely, Ken Whipple
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
For 2003, we expect reported earnings per share will be roughly break even. That’s a huge improvement over 2002, but a long way from where this
45
March 31, 2003
in the company.
