2 CMS ENERGY 2003
 KEN WHIPPLE
Dear Shareowners: 2003
was a lot better year than 2002 for your company. Maybe that’s not saying much, as 2002 was a pretty lousy benchmark, and we didn’t hit all home runs last year, but the place is clearly on the mend. The way we put
it with our employees is that we’re out of intensive care. We’re not ready to run marathons yet, but we’re well into rehab.

CMS ENERGY 2003 3
 Let’s talk about first things first. Our top priority last year was cash — having enough of it on hand to pay our bills, and our bondholders, on time. The object was to build a period of “liquidity peace” so we could focus more on running the business. Our team did a spectacular job here, even in the face of the increasing cost of natural gas, which consumes a lot of cash.
We did $3.8 billion of financing, extending debt maturi- ties and lowering interest costs. Some people didn’t think we could do that. We completed another cost reduction program to offset $60 million of increased costs, and low- ered capital spending by $267 million. And in the process, we paid down more than $1 billion of debt and contributed $560 million to our pension fund, which is now fully funded for current obligations. That will lower future costs and is important to our great employees, too.
On earnings, we’ve been trying to show continued consistency in doing what we said we would do. Our reported (generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP) earn- ings were a loss of 30 cents a share, a little more than
we forecast a year ago, but a lot healthier than 2002’s loss of $4.68.
Our ongoing earnings (non-GAAP) were right on track with our guidance of 80-90 cents a share. We ended the year at 81 cents, despite mild summer weather in Michigan, and we’re planning to build on that with steady, but modest progress in 2004. (For an explanation of non-GAAP, see Financial Highlights at the beginning of this report.)
We’re sticking closely with our utility–plus strategy, which last year resulted in the sale of 15 major non-strategic assets — a heroic job by our divestiture team. The result was net cash of $850 million for the company. As I’ve mentioned many times, these asset sales often result in

4 CMS ENERGY 2003
 book losses, so we’re anxious to get them behind us. At the same time, our financial condition does not require a “fire sale,” and we can wait for a decent price.
We also resolved a couple of significant legal issues with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and the Securities and Exchange Commission. As I told you last year, these events didn’t represent the prouder moments in our history, but I’m glad to get them behind us.
We have several issues on the desk of our chief regulator, the Michigan Public Service Commission. We did receive a much-needed interim increase in gas rates, but progress has been agonizingly slow on recovering “stranded costs” and on implementing “securitization,” which are discussed later in this report. These are important cases — both to build our financial health and to stem the loss of business to other electricity suppliers, who get way too good a deal with the present setup.
Finally, our employees deserve thanks for their out- standing work. The proud men and women who work here are a real competitive advantage. For the second straight year, we got the J.D. Power and Associates award as
“best in the Midwest” among gas utilities for customer satisfaction. And a national University of Michigan study rated us as the second best gas and electric utility in
the country! Our generating fleet also continued to set performance records.
The skill and commitment of our employees stood out clearly on August 14, when the worst blackout in our country’s history rolled across the Midwest and Northeast. Quick action by employees helped limit the impact on our system. Only 100,000 of our 1.7 million electric customers lost power, and our employees had our system operating and power fully restored within 24 hours.

CMS ENERGY 2003 5
 I’m happy to report that the employees of our downsized non-utility business also had an outstanding year, including the best safety performance in the history of our independ- ent power business. Several of the plants had record availability and production, and the group in total continues to provide outstanding cash flow.
nnnnn
As you can see, we have taken a big step toward our goal of becoming a stronger, smaller company. But we still are a long way from full health. We expect 2004 reported earnings to be a loss of about 50 cents a share. The reasons sound a familiar theme — improved earnings from ongoing operations, but possible book losses from asset sales and associated accounting adjustments.
We expect ongoing earnings to grow by about 5 percent, in the range of 85 cents a share, reflecting the strength of our underlying businesses.
So we have a lot of work left. But we have the right team in place, and it’s a lot more fun to be back in the business of moving forward. As we do so, every one of us at the company appreciates your patience and confidence in our rebuilding work.
Sincerely,
Ken Whipple
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 17, 2004
 