Letter to Stockholders
 Dear Stockholders,
Theyear2004ismostnotable as the one in which we began to evolve from a col- lection of health plan and specialty companies into a true man- aged care enterprise. A sustainable enterprise has the attributes of growth, scale, discernable core com- petencies and diversity in product line. It is also the year in which we reached our first $1 billion in annual revenue and completed our twenty- second quarter of consecutive earnings growth. These financial milestones are important steps in our efforts towards Reaching for the SummitSM. We use this metaphor to describe our dual goal of striving for excellence in offering quality health- care to our members while building a leading multi-line managed care organization. More importantly, it also describes the dedication and passion that compel and drive our employees, whose hard work is reflected in our many accomplish- ments to date.
In 2004, our financial and opera- tional results were strong. Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2004, increased 30.0% to $1 billion, and earnings per share increased 17.2% to $1.02, as adjusted for our 2:1 stock split, which was effective in
December. Operating cash flow reached $99.4 million, a 77.5% increase, and our balance sheet is healthy with $317.4 million in cash and investments. During 2004, we obtained a new $100 million credit facility, $34 million of which was outstanding at year-end, and filed a $300 million universal shelf registra- tion statement to provide funds for future expansion.
Membership increased 57.8% over 2003, of which 25.3% was organic – further evidence of our states’ com- mitment to managed care. The state of Indiana converted six new coun- ties to Medicaid-mandated status in 2004 and has indicated that it will convert another five to seven in 2005. Additionally, we were awarded an Exclusive Provider Organization contract in the state of Texas to manage approximately 85,000 SCHIP members in 170 predominantly rural counties. In Ohio, which we entered in early 2004, we built solid relationships with providers and regulators as a foundation for future expansion.
We also capitalized on acquisition opportunities with the purchase of two health plan entities known col- lectively as FirstGuard, which added approximately 135,000 members. This transaction marked our entry into two additional Medicaid man-
aged care states, Kansas and our home state of Missouri. With a com- bined 1.2 million eligible members and an opportunity to serve 160,000 SSI members, there is ample opportu- nity for organic growth in these two states.
Over the last several years, we have articulated our strategy to become a multi-line company that offers both core Medicaid and specialty services. To that end, we realigned our specialty companies under CenCorp Health Solutions (CenCorp), a sub- sidiary platform initially focused on behavioral health, nurse triage and treatment compliance. Our strategy was to put in place an arms length relationship between our core busi- ness and specialty companies, allow- ing us to sell these products and services to our health plans as well as other healthcare providers. We also wanted to ensure that third parties would have full confidence in the ability of our specialty companies to meet their specific needs. Today, we have in place the management expertise necessary to establish a solid platform for growth.
page 2

Reaching for the Summit >>>
 The progress of our specialty compa- nies also continued in 2004 with a contract to manage behavioral health services for 34,000 SCHIP members in Kansas, which commenced in early 2005. Our Ohio subsidiary, Buckeye Community Health Plan, is working with the Ohio Department of Job and Family Services to serve approximately 1,900 enhanced case management members. These tactical moves are vital to our overall strate- gic and methodical approach to broaden our suite of services and provide a solid foundation upon which to build CenCorp.
There has been ongoing press con- cerning potential changes to or reform of the Medicaid system at both the state and federal levels. While we have long been a proponent of such change, we believe that many of these proposals still have a long way to play out. Moreover, we do not believe these potential changes will affect our ability to provide requisite services or programs. We recognize that the fiscal landscape is difficult, a a n n d d t h t h e e r r e e w wi l l i l b l e b b e u d b g u e d t g c u e t t s , c y u e t s t , s u y c e h t athneseenvciriorcnumesntat npcreosmoptreosmboeteterbpetutber- lpicubploiclicpyoalincyd manady mevaeyn feovsetnerfoasmteorrae cmoonrsetruccotinvsetreuncvtirvoenmenenvitrionnwmheincth tion which to partner with the states.
Upaltritmneartewlyi,thwtheebsetalitevse. Uthltaimt aintedluy,swtrye lbeealdieevres twhahtoinadcutstroygelethaedrerosnwhpoubalcict ptogleictyhearnodn pwuhbolicarpeolriecsypaondsiwblheowarilel crerespatoensoibplpeo, rcturenaiteiesopfoprorvtiuanbilteiesmfaorr- kvieatbslaenmdaerxkpeatsndanedligeixbpilaitnyd. eligibility.
Despite budget challenges, Medicaid managed care is a growing category with expenditures having reached approximately $310 billion in 2004. As a result, companies like Centene fulfill a critical need. Today, we serve 772,700 members in seven states in the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF), State Children’s Health Insurance Program (SCHIP) and Supplemental Security Income (SSI) populations.
“The year 2004 is most notable as the one in which we began to evolve from a collection of health plan and specialty companies into a true managed care enterprise.”
In fact, we have developed recog- nized capabilities to manage the SSI population. To that end, we are allo- cating substantial financial and man- agement resources for two principal reasons. First, there is a real opportu- nity to provide care to those who need it most. Second, we believe that we can offer states the ability to bring these same patients into managed care programs instead of the more inefficient and expensive
Michael F. Neidorff Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
 page 3

Reaching for the Summit >>>
 fee-for-service alternative. The nation- al expenditure for the SSI population is $58 billion with $14 billion of that total accounted for by the seven states in which we operate. Approximately 40% of these costs are related to behavioral issues, an area where we can be particularly effective through our specialty companies. In 2005, we will continue to work with each of our states to demonstrate the benefits of bringing in more SSI eligibles. We are confident that this will promote better health outcomes for members, while generating significant savings for the states.
Centene is also strengthening its infra- structure in other ways. We have bro- ken ground on a 50,000-square-foot claims processing facility in Great Falls, Montana. When completed, this facility will be fully integrated with Centene’s existing processing plat- form, enabling employees in different locations to manage data simultane- ously. We are partnering with the state
of Montana and are pleased with their commitment to provide Centene the opportunity to establish ourselves in Great Falls.
We also place great value in our strong provider relationships and work to continue this commitment. An important means to support physicians and research will be han- dled by the newly formed Centene Foundation for Quality Health Care. The Foundation was established to improve the quality, access, effective- ness and value of healthcare for low- income families and individuals. In addition, building on our long-stand- ing commitment to deliver healthcare at the local level, the Foundation will develop partnerships to implement innovative approaches to promote healthy communities.
As always, we remain purposeful, methodical and disciplined. As a leader in the industry, we insist on sound contracting principles, reliable information technology systems, appropriate human resource develop- ment and succession planning for the long-term vitality and viability of Centene Corporation. We are com- mitted to building a total enterprise, not just building health plans.
In closing, I would like to recognize each of our more than 1,200 dedicat- ed employees for their ongoing com- mitment, enthusiasm and motivation as we work together to build a first quartile company.
In the coming year, we look forward to the many opportunities to execute on our strategy of being a leader in the Medicaid managed care sector. We will continue our pursuit of excellence, as we reach for the sum- mit, by leading the way in financial transparency, producing solid results and delivering on the promise of better healthcare.
Sincerely,
Michael F. Neidorff
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
 page 4
