Fiscal 2001 was one of the most significant periods in Centene’s history. The year was marked by the successful completion of an Initial Public Offering (IPO), raising more than $41 million in net proceeds via the issuance of 3,250,000 shares of common stock. We were pleased to have completed our IPO in a complex eco- nomic environment. Less than 10% of the net proceeds from the IPO were used to eliminate our long-term debt. The balance of the proceeds will enable us to execute our many strategic initiatives, including our future expansion opportunities. Most importantly, our successful public offering provides us with financial resources to take the next step toward fulfilling our most important objective: to insure every American has the opportunity and the right to receive quality healthcare and be treated with dignity. In 2001,
we acquired the Medicaid contracts from Humana in both Wisconsin and Texas, adding 65,000 members to the Centene managed care network. We believe that our financial performance, as well as our growth strategy, positions us favorably among our established peers, and we promise to continue to make an impact on the lives we serve.
CENTENE’S STRONG 2001 FINANCIAL RESULTS ARE A TESTAMENT TO OUR FOCUSED BUSINESS MODEL
Our 2001 results were driven by strong financial and operating performance marked by a 48% increase in total revenues to $326.6 million and a 21% increase in enrollment to 235,100 lives served. Our earnings growth reflects increasing operating cash flow and effective cost control initiatives. Earnings grew by 67% to $12.9 million, increasing operating cash flow by 124% to $30 million. Our specialized information systems (IS) platform, an infrastructure put in place over the last three years, is scalable and equipped to handle more than one million lives, and is a critical factor in our ability to continue to meet our internal cost control goals and improve operating efficiencies. We ended the fourth quarter with general and administrative expenses of only 11% of revenue, marking the sixth consecutive quarter of G&A reductions. Further demon- strating the efficiencies of our IS platform is an employee-to-member ratio of 1.8 employees per 1,000 members. With a debt-free
MICHAEL NEIDORFF
President and Chief Executive Officer
balance sheet, $112 million
in cash and investments and
increased access to capital,
we believe that we are in a
strong position to continue
to deliver value to our share-
holders. Our strong 2001
financial results combined
with ten consecutive quarters
of revenue and earning growth present strong evidence that our Medicaid focused business model is a winning solution.
WE ARE FOCUSED ON MEDICAID
Centene executes on a Medicaid only business model, including Medicaid related products, which leads to greater cost and utiliza- tion control. Our model allows states to realize better outcomes and healthier recipients at a lower cost. Market demographics also suggest that in order for states to manage their budget goals, they will continue to shift membership to Medicaid managed care plans. Encouraging data also suggest that federal Medicaid spending will continue to grow via the expansion of new programs and increased enrollment. While our financial accomplishments help to better position Centene for continued overall growth, it is our commit- ment to delivering quality healthcare in an efficient and profitable manner that will differentiate Centene as the industry leader in the Medicaid managed care marketplace. To that effect, we believe that Centene has found the right formula. Unlike most managed care organizations, Centene is focused exclusively on the Medicaid
and related populations. After seventeen years of specializing in Medicaid, we have developed expertise and relationships that are unsurpassed and highly valuable. We have come to appreciate that relationships with key governmental figures and healthcare providers enhance market share performance and encourage network expansion via acquisitions. Most importantly, we are the solution for states seeking to reduce their Medicaid healthcare costs.
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
  
4.
   MEMBERSHIP GROWTH
235,100 194,200
142,300
1999 2000 2001
      Centene is positioned favorably to implement an aggressive acqui- sition strategy. We intend to operate only in states which mandate Medicaid membership and where funding is a manageable issue. Today, there are 37 managed care mandated states, and we are currently operating in three. Of the remaining 34 states, approximately 25 to 28 states provide interesting opportunities for Centene. A key aspect of our acquisition strategy is to build on our acquired member population from commercial plans. Historically, the integration of members from larger commercial health plans (e.g. Humana) has been seamless. For example,
it took Centene 75 days to integrate 65,000 members from Humana in Wisconsin and Texas. We will continue to explore and execute high value, accretive acquisitions in markets that we recognize as complementary to our existing footprint and those that can benefit from our care continuum.
CENTRAL TO OUR SUCCESS IS OUR EMPHASIS ON “LOCALIZED APPROACH”
Healthcare is local. Central to our success and what differentiates Centene is our emphasis on a “localized approach.” Centene provides access to healthcare services through local networks of providers and staff who understand the cultural norms of their communities. By using locally recognized health plan names and tailoring our materials and processes to meet the specific economic and social requirements of the diverse Medicaid communities, Centene positions itself as a local market leader. In addition,
we have local call centers providing the personal touch rather than the “1-800-MEDICINE” approach often found in today’s healthcare environment.
By supporting our local approach of operating the health plans with a centralized finance, information, claims and medical management support system, we are able to achieve greater utilization and cost controls. As previously mentioned, unlike most commercial plans, Centene operates on a highly specialized information systems or IS platform specifically designed for Medicaid programs. This allows the company to closely track utilization data and produce statistically beneficial information to illustrate the effectiveness of our programs to state governments.
OUR PHYSICIANS ARE INSTRUMENTAL IN SUPPORTING OUR MEMBER SERVICES
Network expansion and increased membership are indicative of Centene’s relationship with its providers. This is especially important in states where physicians drive membership growth. It has become evident that we cannot be successful in executing our business plan without the support and input of our doctors. As a result, we have implemented a physician-driven approach in which our network
of physicians is actively engaged in developing and implementing our healthcare delivery policies and strategies. Physicians have significant representation on our local boards of directors, and they

are instrumental in supporting our member services. In addition to easing the administrative burdens on our providers, this approach has strengthened our provider networks through improved physician recruitment and retention, which has also led to an increase in
our membership base. It is our belief that most of Centene’s profit margin improvement will stem from enrollment growth and physician loyalty.
We have begun to broaden our services to address areas that we believe have traditionally been underserved by other Medicaid managed care entities. We are very proud of our various outreach and education programs that are designed specifically for individual communities to reduce inappropriate emergency room visits and improve health outcomes for our members. These programs include NurseWise, our after hours triage help-line, and START SMART, which focuses on the prevention of pre-mature births. We plan to widen the reach of these programs as well as implement more of these types of programs. Not only are these programs beneficial for our members, but they also allow us to promote expanded services and ultimately diversify our revenue stream.
OUR OBJECTIVE IS TO BECOME THE LEADING NATIONAL MEDICAID MANAGED CARE ORGANIZATION
Looking to the future, our growth strategy is three-fold: (1) to grow organically through service area expansions within our cur- rent markets; (2) to evaluate new market opportunities to diversify and expand our core business; and (3) to evaluate opportunities
in the fee-for-service areas in Medicaid related products such as behavioral health.
The fragmented Medicaid marketplace provides for many consolida- tion opportunities from which we can benefit. We have established a disciplined and prudent acquisition strategy that forms the basis of continued growth and operating achievement without compromis- ing our on-going business objectives.
We have become increasingly confident in the predictability of our business plan as we realize the benefits of our improved infrastructure.
We have a talented and experi-
enced management team that
we continue to strengthen, and
an expansive network of loyal
and dedicated professionals working towards helping us deliver on the promise of better healthcare. We would like to thank our employees for their contribution to our outstanding 2001 results and would like them to know that their efforts are essential to achieving our goals this year and in the future.
Most importantly, we would like to thank our shareholders for their invaluable support. With the same vision and focus, it is our commitment to improve on the results in 2001 and continue to set higher standards in 2002.
Michael Neidorff
President and Chief Executive Officer
5.
  