We are pleased that the year 2010 was one of
growth and successful execution for Centene.
We delivered solid financial results while
achieving continued geographic and product diversification and made a strong balance sheet even stronger.
During 2010, we also reached an important milestone for
the scale of our enterprise as we became a Fortune 500
company.
Our success in 2010 was driven by a combination of
growth in our existing markets, prudent acquisitions, and
effective execution of our contract portfolio. The latter
led to multi-year renewals and expansions of both our
Arizona behavioral and Indiana health plan contracts
during the year.
In Florida our membership nearly doubled in 2010 –
through the continued conversion of non-risk lives to
at-risk as well as from the acquisition of Citrus Health in
December 2010. Citrus not only enhanced our geographic
footprint in Florida, but also added Long-Term Care
(LTC) to our product offerings in the state. We solidified
our number two market share in South Carolina with the
purchase of Carolina Crescent Health Plan in June 2010.
With the completion of the acquisition in July 2010 of
Arkansas-based NovaSys, a leading third-party administrator,
we enhanced the back-office skills of our “hybrid” effort.
Also in December 2010, we began operating under an
expanded contract in Arizona to manage behavioral health
services in an additional four counties.
One of our strategic initiatives is to expand our coverage beyond Medicaid to include the entire spectrum of
under-insured and uninsured individuals. This continues
to gain traction in the marketplace and also appears to be
resonating with the investment community. There are
many states considering “hybrid” or exchange-based
programs before the final stages of federal healthcare
reform are implemented in 2014. A “hybrid” plan combines the traits of Medicaid insurance and individual
insurance policies. This allows for seamless access to quality
healthcare coverage when individuals move in and out of
Medicaid eligibility as their incomes fluctuate.
In anticipation of this market need, we acquired Celtic
in 2008 and NovaSys in 2010, which provided us with the
tools necessary to create “hybrid” or exchange-based plans,
as well as the invaluable experience in underwriting
insurance plans that meet the needs of these low-income
populations. In November our Celtic unit began operating
a new contract in Texas which offers affordable health
insurance to small businesses through a “hybrid” program
called Healthy Texas.
Centene’s
multi-line
strategy continues to offer a complete array of products and services that provide quality
healthcare to beneficiaries while saving our state customers
money. Our suite of services ranges from full-risk health
plans for Medicaid, uninsured and under-insured populations, to specialty services including pharmacy, behavioral,
vision, life and health management, and foster care. We are
seeing increased demand for these products and services as
states continue to grapple with tight budgets. Specifically,
there is a growing trend for states interested in issuing
RFPs to move their highest-cost beneficiaries, including
Aged, Blind, or Disabled (ABD) and LTC, into managed
care, to maximize cost savings.
Financial Highlights
During 2010, premium and service revenues, which
exclude premium taxes, increased 10.5 percent to
$4.3 billion from $3.9 billion in 2009. Excluding pharmacy carve-outs in Indiana and Ohio, revenues would have
increased by 16 percent – which is in-line with our annual
revenue growth target of 15 percent. Diluted earning
per share from continuing operations for 2010 were $1.80
compared to $1.94 for the prior year. The 2010 results
reflect the dilution from the additional shares issued as part
of the stock offering in the first quarter of 2010. Earnings
from operations grew 13.7 percent in 2010 despite the
pharmacy carve-outs in Indiana and Ohio. At year-end,
we had 1.53 million at-risk members, representing membership growth of 5.2 percent.
Cash flows generated by operations were strong in 2010
at $169 million, representing 1.7 times net earnings. At
December 31, 2010, we had cash and investments of $1.07
billion, including $1.04 billion held by regulated entities
and $31 million held by unregulated entities. Our 2010
Health Benefits Ratio (HBR) increased 30 basis points
compared to 2009 primarily due to a higher HBR in our
Florida health plan that was partially offset by lower than
expected flu costs. Even as we absorbed start-up costs for
new markets, we reduced our G&A expense ratio during
2010 to 12.8 percent or 50 basis points as we continued
to gain scale and leverage in our business. We expect to
further reduce the G&A expense ratio in 2011 by an additional 30 to 80 basis points despite the offsetting impact
of start-up costs for new contracts in Texas and Illinois.
We are prudent balance sheet managers with a focus on
capital adequacy and liquidity. During 2010, we raised
$104.5 million in a follow-on equity offering. This allowed
us to pay-down our revolver, thus reducing our debt-to-
capital ratio. Subsequently, Moody’s upgraded Centene’s
debt rating, and Standard & Poor’s revised its outlook to
positive. Our enhanced balance sheet allowed us to
complete several acquisitions in 2010 – all of which met
our accretion and returns criteria. These acquisitions offset
all the dilution from the follow-on offering by deploying
roughly half of the capital raised. In December we
refinanced the construction loan related to our corporate
headquarters expansion project with an $80 million,
10-year mortgage note. The mortgage note is non-recourse
and bears interest at a 5.14 percent rate. Additionally, in
January 2011, we refinanced our $300 million revolving
credit agreement with a five-year, $350 million unsecured
revolver. We estimate our risk-based capital percentage to
be in excess of 350 percent of the authorized control level
at December 31, 2010.
We strive to manage our operations and balance sheet
to provide transparency with a minimum of volatility.
The consistency of our business is a function of our
culture, our focus on improving health outcomes, as well
as our information systems. Centene’s culture is grounded
in the belief that we are proactive managers. The significant information technology investments made over the
last few years have allowed us to have a more accurate and
immediate snapshot of medical trends and costs. These
include predictive modeling and medical management
tools as well as our proprietary dashboard. These tools
provide us with early warning signs, allowing for rapid
response to make the necessary corrections. We credit
these tools along with our consistent reserving method
-
ologies for the stable medical cost trends reported by
Centene recently.
Substantial Opportunities for Future Growth
We believe our success in 2010 has laid the foundation for
another strong year in 2011 and beyond. Our near-term
opportunities are the most robust we have seen in terms of
new RFPs and re-procurements. As states continue to face
budgetary pressures, they increasingly are moving away
from the traditional fee-for-service model toward adopting the cost-effective, high-quality managed care model.
For example, in January 2011, we began operating
under our recently renewed, statewide managed care
contract in Indiana, serving the Medicaid population as
well as Healthy Indiana Plan (HIP) members. HIP is a
“hybrid” program for under-insured and uninsured adults
who earn less than 200 percent of the Federal Poverty
Level (FPL) and do not qualify for conventional Medicaid.
In addition to Indiana, we also have “hybrid” operations
up and running in Arkansas, Texas and Massachusetts.
We also commenced operations in Mississippi in
January 2011. This is a new state for us, and our Magnolia
Health Plan is serving ABD and foster care members.
In February 2011, we began operating under an additional
STAR+PLUS contract, serving ABD recipients in Dallas,
Texas. We expect to commence operations in Illinois –
another new state for Centene – during the second
quarter of 2011. Centene was chosen by the state to
provide managed care services to ABD recipients in six
counties. This was part of Illinois’ mandate to enroll at
least half of its 2.8 million Medicaid eligibles into managed care by January 1, 2015.
Two of our existing states – Texas and Arizona – are
planning re-procurements and possible managed care
expansions in 2011-2012. We are proud of our track
records in both and view these RFPs as opportunities to
expand our presence in these states. There are also a
number of additional opportunities in both new and other
existing states. For example, we expect Louisiana to issue
an RFP in 2011, and Florida is contemplating a statewide
expansion.
While we are currently focused on 2011 and 2012,
we plan to be ready for the growth opportunities that
federal healthcare reform will bring in 2014. It is important to note that we are not dependent solely on reform
to maintain our growth. We foresee a steady stream
of state-based RFP opportunities well into the future,
regardless of federal healthcare reform.
We remain focused on sustainable profitability and
look forward to another year of success in 2011.
Thank you for your support and interest in our
company.
Sincerely,
Michael F. Neidorff