Centene’s growth is a testament to our strategies of
diversification, financial discipline and successful execution.
Moreover, our deep commitment to the members, clients
and communities we serve continue to shape our success.
In 2014, Centene’s membership grew 41 percent to 4.1 million
managed care members, while premium and service revenue
grew 49 percent to $15.7 billion As a diversified, multi-national
enterprise, our portfolio — which
currently contains 22 U.S. markets,
three international markets and over
18 products — allows us to better
absorb the ups and downs in rate
cycles and markets. This is the
strategy we have been successfully
deploying for over 10 years.
2014 further demonstrated how our
discipline and agility continue to
drive our growth. We added and
expanded contracts in existing
markets, expanded geographically,
acquired new business, and added
new capabilities and offerings.
growth and expansion
As an example of how we grew in
existing markets, we announced
that Managed Health Services was
selected to serve Indiana’s aged,
blind or disabled Medicaid enrollees
starting in the first half of 2015.
In addition, Magnolia Health was
one of two contractors awarded a
statewide managed care contract to
continue serving members enrolled
in the Mississippi Coordinated
Access Network program. And, our
behavioral health company, Cenpatico
of Arizona, is partnering with the
University of Arizona Health Plan
to be the Regional Behavioral Health
Authority for the southern service
area, commencing in the fourth
quarter of 2015.
In 2014, in addition to a successful
reprocurement in Louisiana, we
acquired the rights to serve additional
TANF and SSI members in Louisiana’s
Bayou Health Medicaid managed care
program through the assignment of
a contract from Community Health
Solutions of America, Inc. This
acquisition reflects Centene’s strategy
to build economies of scale in our
key markets and diversify revenue
across our health plans. Centene further diversified when we began providing healthcare coverage
to consumers in the Health Insurance Marketplace in 2014 through our
Ambetter® health plans, covering members in nine states: Arkansas, Florida,
Georgia, Indiana, Massachusetts, Mississippi, Ohio, Texas and Washington.
Additionally, we expanded our reach in correctional healthcare services
when Centurion, our joint venture with MHM Services Inc., was awarded
a contract in Vermont, effective 2015.
agility and expertise
As our state partners continue to transition additional populations into
managed care, they have turned to Centene to bring our local, member-
centric approach to people who have complex needs or require long-term
support and services. This shift in our business mix has resulted in strong
revenue growth over the past year, and we continue to invest in care
management programs and systems to support the complex healthcare
needs of such populations. From 2013 to 2014, complex care revenue
grew from $4 billion to $6 billion.
Ongoing information system development and integration give us faster
access to more robust data and analytics. This enables us to make real-time
decisions and helps us better manage healthcare costs
–
an essential component
in supporting complex healthcare needs. Recent investments in USMM for
in-home health services, the care management platform of Casenet, the
specialty pharmacy expertise of AcariaHealth, and the intellectual and
developmental disabilities management of LifeShare add to our ability
to serve members with complex healthcare needs.
Our diversification strategy also gives us the agility and expertise to integrate
and deploy our assets to bring innovative solutions to a shifting healthcare
market. For example, IlliniCare Health is now leveraging our experience
by providing administrative services for the CountyCare managed care
plan in Chicago.
Moving Forward
Moving forward
The application of Centene’s expertise
has expanded beyond our shores,
as evidenced by our investment
in Ribera Salud in Spain in 2014.
Healthcare markets outside the
U.S. are predominately funded by
governments that share similar
objectives: to improve health
outcomes at lower costs, modernize
healthcare infrastructure and bring
an integrated approach to patient care.
Centene is well positioned as a global
government health solutions company.
We further expanded our reach into
international markets through a
noncontrolling investment in a
British health management company
called The Practice, which provides
primary care, community-based and
utilization management services
for the National Health Service.
Much like our noncontrolling interest
in Ribera Salud, this is a targeted
investment with a local partner.
It also positions us to better identify
and understand future opportunities
outside the U.S. To help us consider
overseas growth, we have added
an executive vice president of
International Operations and
Business Integration, Cynthia
Brinkley, who has nearly 20 years
of executive leadership experience
in large global organizations.
Over the course of three decades,
our principles have remained
grounded in a mission and purpose
that have stood the test of time.
In 2014, across our various markets,
we continued our commitment
to building a better future for
individuals and families in need.
In September, we announced
our plans to build a new claims
processing center in Ferguson,
Missouri, a city struggling with
issues due to economic disparity.
In addition, my appointment last
year as chairman of the National
Urban League reinforces our
diligence and resourcefulness in
tackling the difficult challenges
that confront our communities
and our nation.
Moving into 2015, we look forward
to further growth and continued
leadership in fulfilling our commitment
to transform the health of the
community, one person at a time.
Sincerely,
Michael F Neidorff