The year 2013 was one of vast change and
transformation in the healthcare industry. As the
nation tackled the challenges associated with
implementing the Affordable Care Act, Centene was
able to maintain its strong footing and successfully
deliver on our strategy, growing premium and service
revenues from continuing operations 37 percent
from 2012 to $10.5 billion. Earnings from continuing
operations increased to $277.4 million, or 157 percent,
over 2012. We now coordinate care for more than
2.7 million at-risk managed care members in 20
states. While these statistics demonstrate
tremendous financial success for Centene, the
numbers alone do not display the true value of what
weThrough a diversified product portfolio
and expanded geographic reach,
Centene continued to deliver results for
our state partners and other customers
by maintaining focus on our company's
purpose: transforming the health of
our community, one individual at a
time. This singular purpose is what
drives each of our 8,800 employees
across the country to provide local,
coordinated care and support services
centered on the whole health of the
individuals we serve. In 2013, this focus
was evidenced by our organic growth
within our existing states, new Medicaid
contracts, new contract awards in the
correctional healthcare services arena,
key acquisitions to enhance our medical
management platform, and preparation
for entrance into Health Insurance
Marketplaces in nine states in 2014.
First, I would like to focus on our
organic growth within the states where
we have business. This has been a key
strategy for Centene – enter a state
under a single managed care contract,
prove our value to our state customers,
and expand our services to other
populations within that state. We believe
as our state partners continue to move
additional populations, such as those with
complex care needs, into managed care
programs, Centene’s multi-state footprint
coupled with our integrated approach to
care have positioned us well for organic
growth in these markets.
I would like to highlight a few examples
of the kind of organic growth we
experienced this year. Centene’s Florida
subsidiary, Sunshine Health, was selected
to serve Long Term Care members in 10
regions in Florida; our Texas subsidiary,
Superior HealthPlan, expanded its
STAR+PLUS contract serving older adults
and people with disabilities; and our
South Carolina subsidiary was selected
to serve members eligible for both
Medicaid and Medicare (Dual Eligibles).
Sunshine Health was also selected for the
Managed Medical Assistance (MMA)
program in nine regions, and Centene’s
Massachusetts’s health plan, CeltiCare Health, expanded its reach with a new
Medicaid contract in five regions. In
addition to the growth Centene
experienced in existing markets, we also
continued our geographic expansion with
entry into Kansas, California and New
Hampshire through new Medicaid
managed care contracts.
Also in 2013, we further expanded our
product portfolio through a new market
opportunity in the correctional healthcare
services arena. Centene entered the
correctional healthcare services arena
through a joint venture with MHM
Services, a national leader in providing
healthcare services to correctional
systems. The joint venture company,
Centurion, leverages Centene’s nearly
30 years of experience with state-
sponsored managed care programs and
MHM’s unique expertise in providing
healthcare services to inmates. During
2013, Centurion won contracts in
Massachusetts, Tennessee and Minnesota As we continue to serve more members
with complex healthcare needs, such
as the Aged, Blind and Disabled,
Dual Eligibles and those receiving
Long Term Care services, we aim to
provide a continuum of high quality
healthcare services that allows us to
effectively manage the complex needs
of these members. Centene currently
serves more than 300,000 high-acuity
members in 13 states. To that end, early
in 2013, we acquired AcariaHealth,
a comprehensive specialty pharmacy
company, improving how pharmaceutical
benefits are delivered to our members
with complex conditions. In early 2014,
Centene acquired a majority interest in
U.S. Medical Management (USMM), a
leading management services organization
and provider of in-home health services
for high acuity populations.
In conjunction with the investment in
USMM, Centene announced the
formation of a new healthcare enterprise
holding company. This new business unit
is expected to connect Centene with other
health solution providers while preserving
the entrepreneurial spirit and innovation
that has led to improved health outcomes,
development of a more efficient care
model and the facilitation of sales to third
party companies. long with these enhanced capabilities,
Centene announced the acquisition of a
majority stake in Fidelis SecureCare of
Michigan, expected to close in late 2014.
Fidelis SecureCare was recently selected
by the Michigan Department of
Community Health as one of six health
plans to provide integrated healthcare
services to Dual Eligibles in Macomb and
Wayne counties.
At the beginning of 2013, the healthcare
industry was preparing for the
implementation of the Affordable Care
Act. Centene worked diligently to meet
the necessary regulatory and operational
requirements. In January 2014, we began
providing healthcare services under the
name Ambetter on the newly formed
Health Insurance Marketplaces in nine
states. We maintained a consistent, 
disciplined approach to pricing across all
states. I am proud of the hard work and
dedication our employees put into this
new opportunity for Centene. The Health
Insurance Marketplaces are only one part
of our overall growth pipeline, as you
have seen from the many other
accomplishments and milestones we
achieved this year.
In closing, as we enter 2014, we also enter
a new era of healthcare. We believe we are
in a strong position to benefit from the
significant market opportunities that lie
ahead. Most importantly, millions of
Americans are counting on Centene to
continue delivering the comprehensive,
quality healthcare that has become our
trademark for the past 30 years.
Sincerely,
MICHAEL F. NEIDORFF
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Centene Corporation
