DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,
AT CENTENE, OUR CORE BELIEF HAS ALWAYS BEEN THAT EVERY AMERICAN IS ENTITLED
TO RECEIVE QUALITY HEALTHCARE WITH DIGNITY. AS SUCH, OUR HEALTH PLANS AND CARE
delivering
HISTORICALLY HAS BEEN UNDERSERVED. WE BELIEVE THAT OUR FOCUSED APPROACH WILL ENABLE US TO ACHIEVE STEADY GROWTH WHILE GENERATING STABLE MARGINS.
ÒIn todayÕs difficult economic climate, we remain the solution
for the states, working successfully to save them money and enabling better health outcomes for their Medicaid recipiÓents.
COORDINATION PROGRAMS SPECIFICALLY TARGET THE MEDICAID POPULATION, WHICH
   The year 2002 was further proof that the man- aged Medicaid model works. During our first full year operating as a public company, we achieved our internal goals of strong financial performance. This was accomplished by solid organic growth and execution of our stated acquisition strategy, highlighted by our entry into New Jersey. We did this while accomplish- ing our mission of saving states money while improving health outcomes with quality care for our recipients. At Centene, we consider
healthcare an entitlement that every American has a right to receive with dignity. We believe that healthcare is most successfully delivered where it may best be measuredÑin the local marketplace. Therefore, we distinguish our- selves through our local approach, which encompasses local branding, locally managed call centers and strong relationships with physicians, holding them accountable for the quality of care delivered.

We are focused on managed Medicaid and Medicaid-related products. The three key populations served include Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF) and State ChildrenÕs Health Insurance Programs (SCHIP), which are characterized by a pre- dominance of women and children, and Supplemental Security Income (SSI), designed to help the aged, blind and disabled.
The Medicaid managed care industry remains very attractive to us. It is estimated by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) that this industry will grow substan- tially, from $225 billion today to over $444 billion by 2010. We are poised to take advantage of this opportunity by adding new member lives into our programs while reducing exces- sive spending and being interdictive in the management of care.
We recognize that states have budget issues, and regard this as an opportunity to construc- tively restructure the allocation of benefits to maximize the number of people whose care these basic benefits cover. We support the fed- eral alternative to give states more flexibility in managing their social services budgets. Centene is a company that has successfully worked through turbulent times in the past with the states, only to emerge stronger. We fundamentally believe the states in which we operate realize that the continued enrollment
of recipients into managed Medicaid programs delivers higher quality of care and is more cost effective than using fee-for-service care. We choose to operate only in mandated Medicaid states, which we believe are more fiscally responsible and offer the most substantial opportunities for working constructively with the industry. Importantly, whether operating in prosperous or difficult economic times, Centene continues to be the solution for states seeking to manage their fiscal budgets.
Two noteworthy studies conducted by Milliman USA and the Urban Institute Health Policy Center concretely point to the ongoing savings states are able to realize by enrolling recipients in managed Medicaid programs. The Milliman USA study, conducted in Wisconsin in 2001, demonstrated that the managed Medicaid industry estimated saving the state $56 million in 2002, an increase of 45% over 2001. According to state data, savings in 2002 in Texas and New Jersey are both estimated at $30 million, and savings are estimated at $9 million in Indiana, each of which represents an improvement over 2001 levels. Beginning in 2003, we will provide report cards to our states, measuring our performance and the fiscal benefits of working with Centene. We will con- tinue to work proactively and responsibly with the states in which we operate to ensure ongoing cost savings and convey the benefits of enrolling recipients in managed Medicaid programs.
>>> 3

 We are proud of the progress we made during the last year in bringing new recipients into our programs. We closed 2002 with 409,600 lives, an annual increase of 74% that we achieved through a combination of record unit member- ship growth and important acquisitions and alliances. These transactions not only expanded our positions in existing markets, but gave us a presence in new markets. In September we acquired 24,000 SCHIP lives in Texas, increasing our market positions in San Antonio and El Paso while entering two new service areas, Amarillo and Lubbock. We entered our fourth state, New Jersey, through a joint venture with the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey (UMDNJ), adding approximately 52,000 Medicaid members in 15 counties throughout the state. With 685,000 Medicaid participating lives in this market, we anticipate future organic growth in New Jersey.
At Centene, we measure our success using a number of metrics. For example, we work dili- gently to maintain our physiciansÕ satisfaction by being sensitive to the timely payment and processing of claims. The number of days in claims payable on hand continued to decline in 2002 to 71.8 days from 73.4 days a year ago, proof of our efficient management of the claims payment process. Another way that we ensure access to and quality of care is by carefully monitoring complaint ratios regarding our services to providers and patients. Further- more, our margin protection programs are critical to ensuring that our business model
remains predictable and profitable. Through the combination of emergency room policy changes, aimed at reducing inappropriate uti- lization and frequent visits to the ER, and rate increases of a blended 5.1% across all of our states in 2002, we believe that we have developed the standard for a business model that works.
Other important milestones marked 2002. We concluded a successful secondary offering of 5.75 million shares, enabling our venture capi- tal investors to sell shares in an orderly fashion and increasing the trading liquidity of our stock. Additional noteworthy events included the expansion of our claims processing facility and significant new management appointments, both aimed to accommodate organic and acquisition-driven membership growth; and the purchase of Bankers Reserve Life Insurance of Wisconsin to sell reinsurance solely to our health plan subsidiaries. We will use this entity to consolidate the risk of our health plans, thereby allowing us to provide improved levels of insurance without changing the overall risk profile of our consolidated operations. This enables us to reduce our reinsurance costs and receive recognition for such in the state in which we operate.
We were very proud of our 2002 results, high- lighted by a 41.3% increase in revenue to $461.5 million and fully diluted earnings per share of $2.20, an increase of 36.6%. These metrics, in combination with a solid increase in
   
membership marked our 14th consecutive quarter of growth. Operating cash f low remained strong at $39.7 million, an increase of 31.4%. We are pleased to report that our health benefits ratio (HBR) continued to improve and remains within our targeted banded range of 82.0% to 83.5% of revenues. Our SG&A showed sustained decreases; mov- ing toward our goal to have our SG&A ratio in single digits by the fourth quarter of 2003. The balance sheet remains healthy with $164.7 million in cash and investments and no debt. Finally, we continued to build the required infrastructure to enhance our information systems platform, which has the capacity to handle in excess of 1 million lives.
As we enter 2003, we will continue to work with our states to deliver cost-effective, quality healthcare and will remain focused on the opportunities that exist in mandatory states. There are 37 mandatory states, 25 of which are of interest to us. We have a full pipeline of acquisition targets and will continue to be dis- ciplined, prudent purchasers, focusing on accretive opportunities. We delivered on our promise to enter a new state in 2002 and expect to continue to target attractive market opportu- nities. Concurrent with this aggressive acquisi- tion program, we will strengthen staffing to further accelerate our efforts.
In addition, we will evaluate opportunities to diversify our revenue base and expand our product offering, particularly in fee-for-service
Medicaid-related products. The behavioral health arena is a good example. Today, 6% of all ambulatory care is behavioral health related and, therefore, the potential to affect this cost center and manage the care of this patient group is significant. We look forward to updating you on our progress in this area in due course.
At Centene, our approach is to achieve pre- dictable and consistent results. In 2002, we accomplished those goals and, we believe that we have the winning formula for continued success in the managed Medicaid industry. Our solid financial performance along with a care- fully planned growth strategy provide a solid foundation for continued strong performance.
Our achievements would not be possible with- out the dedication and hard work of all the employees at Centene. I would personally like to thank them for their ongoing commitments and contributions.
Sincerely,
MICHAEL F. NEIDORFF
President and Chief Executive Officer
>>>
predictability for the future
 >>> 5
 