                In 2013, CNO Financial
Group increased shareholder value, improved service to
our customers, and took significant steps toward investment-grade status. Along the way, we reached milestones that demonstrate CNO is a company focused on growing and delivering lasting value to our stakeholders.
We achieved greater financial strength without sacrificing growth. Our continued investment in distribution, new products and enhancing the customer experience contributed to increases in sales and premiums across our businesses. These improvements helped CNO reach a significant milestone in 2013: our fifth consecutive full year of profitable growth.
We advanced our financial position by reducing
debt, generating capital and increasing our financial flexibility. We took a meaningful step toward addressing the acceleration of our run-off business and reducing our long-term care exposure. Our financial strength enabled us to return value to our shareholders in 2013 by repurchasing $253 million of securities during the year and increasing our common stock dividend.
Our track record for success is not going unnoticed or unrewarded. Our balanced approach of improving financial strength, investing for growth and returning value to shareholders was recognized in the capital markets. CNO received positive rating actions
in 2013, including three upgrades. CNO’s total shareholder return for the year was 91%, exceeding the average of our industry peer group for the second consecutive year.
Edward J. Bonach Chief Executive Officer
to our shareholders
 2
 
                Financial Performance
CNO’s strong performance in 2013 was marked by sales growth in each of our businesses. This growth was reflected in nearly every product line, including annuities, which we were able to grow despite a prolonged low interest rate environment. In total, consolidated sales reached $416 million, an increase of 6% over 2012.
For the full year, CNO recorded net income of $478 million, or
$2.06 per diluted share, compared to $0.83 per diluted share in
2012. Net operating income was $270 million, or $1.17 per diluted share, compared to $0.69 per diluted share in 2012. Our financial strength continued to improve during the year. We ended the year with $309 million in cash and investments at the holding company and approximately $160 million in deployable capital. Our debt-to-total capital ratio decreased to 16.9%, and our consolidated statutory risk- based capital ratio increased 43 points over 2012 to 410%. We believe a risk-based capital ratio over 400% is a meaningful milestone that paves the way for additional rating upgrades.
Business Performance
CNO’s success stems from our focus on middle-income Americans who are near or in retirement; our mix of distribution channels, which is primarily exclusive; and the breadth of products we offer to meet our customers’ needs. We continue to accelerate this formula for success with strategic investments to increase the reach and productivity of our distribution force, drive efficiencies in our operations, and improve the customer experience. The outcome of these investments can be seen in our 2013 results.
“Our continued investment in distribution, new products and enhancing the customer
 experience contributed to increases i”
n sales and premiums across our businesses.
 Bankers Life, our career distribution channel, added 25 new sales offices in 2013, bringing the total to 301 branches and satellite offices across the country. The average agent count increased by 3% for the year. Driven by strong sales in Medicare supplement, life insurance and annuities, Bankers Life recorded full-year sales growth of 6%. This more than offset the drop in long-term care sales, an important yet challenging market. Medicare Advantage products do not contribute to new annualized premium, but do produce recurring fee revenue. That product was up 53% for the year.
Washington National, our independent distribution channel, produced record-breaking sales growth of 9% for the year and premium growth (excluding Medicare supplement) of 6% over 2012. Our initiatives
in agent recruitment and productivity resulted in higher sales in our
CNO’s total return for the year was 91%, exceeding the average of our industry peer group for the second consecutive year.
           3
    
                wholly-owned agency, Performance Matters Associates, and among our independent agency partners.
Colonial Penn, our direct distribution channel, experienced a challenging television advertising environment that increased marketing costs and affected conversion rates. As a result, Colonial Penn’s sales did not meet our expectations, with sales up 1% for the year, but the business produced 7% premium growth for the year.
Our People
Exceptional people are a vital component of exceptional companies; strategies are only as good as the individuals who execute them. We consider our ability to attract, develop and retain great people to be one of our strengths and a meaningful competitive advantage. In 2013, we continued to establish CNO as a great place to work by investing
in the careers and well-being of our associates. That commitment was recognized when we were named one of the Healthiest 100 Workplaces in America and when Bankers Life was recognized by Training magazine as one the top 125 training companies in the country for the third consecutive year.
We also significantly reinforced our senior leadership team in 2013 through a number of promotions and additions. Notably, Scott Goldberg was elevated to president of Bankers Life, allowing Scott Perry to move full-time into his role as chief business officer, and Barbara Stewart was named president of Washington National. We also brought in new talent, with Brad Bodell as chief information officer; Mike Heard as senior vice president, enterprise operations; and Loretta Jacobs as vice president, long-term care.
Our Industry’s Value
Everyone at CNO wholeheartedly embraces our mission—to enrich lives by providing life and health insurance for the protection and retirement needs of middle-income Americans, while building enduring value for all our stakeholders. We are always mindful of the important role our industry and our company play in helping provide financial security to our policyholders. Research conducted by Bankers Life Center for a Secure Retirement underscores three facts about pre- retirement middle-income Americans: Their number is growing; they are living longer; and most are unprepared for retirement.
We also know that today’s middle-income Americans think about retirement differently than previous generations; specifically, two- thirds are looking forward to an active lifestyle in retirement. By understanding the changing face of our customer base, we’re able
to create and deliver products to help these underserved Americans gain financial security and fulfill their expectations and aspirations for retirement. This in turn positions CNO as a valuable partner to our customers, not just a mere provider of insurance products.
 4
     
                “By understanding the changing face of our customers, we’re able to create and deliver products to help these
underserved Americans gain financial security and”
CNO Financial Group 2013 Annual Report
 fulfill their expectations and aspirations for retirement.
 Looking Forward
We believe we have the right focus and strategy in place to create long-term value for CNO shareholders. We see significant opportunities for growth in the middle-income marketplace and will continue to invest capital in those opportunities. Specifically, we expect
to invest $45 million to $55 million next year in four major categories: operating effectiveness in our back office, enhanced customer experience, agent growth and expansion, and new products. We expect these investments to drive accelerated sales growth in each of our core business segments.
With more than 300 locations nationwide, Bankers Life will continue to expand, and will balance investments with agent productivity initiatives. As trusted advisors to the middle-income market, Bankers agents can play an important role in providing customers a well-rounded financial security plan. Our solutions address the needs middle-income Americans worry about most: paying healthcare expenses, having adequate retirement income and leaving a legacy.
In 2014, Washington National will focus on expanding worksite distribution and growing our agency distribution. We will also introduce an underwritten supplemental group health insurance product, enabling us to acquire a new segment
of accounts, and will continue to invest in agent recruitment and productivity.
Colonial Penn will continue to expand its new Patriot program in 2014 and will accelerate an Hispanic community marketing initiative. With our new customer relationship management system coming fully online in 2014, we expect direct telephone sales to benefit.
Delivering shareholder value will continue to be a focus, with sustained emphasis on building our long- term return on equity, targeting a 9% run rate by the end of 2015. Overall, we will concentrate on maintaining a strong and secure capital and financial
position, delivering capital back to our shareholders
in the form of dividends and stock repurchases, and actively managing our risk profile. To that end, the closing and regulatory approval of the sale of our Conseco Life Insurance Company closed block of life and annuity business to Wilton Re is anticipated by mid- year 2014. This marks a significant milestone for CNO in enabling us to free up additional capital, reduce our risk, and focus on our core business segments.
Our strategy and commitment to the long-term
care insurance market is worth noting. We believe long-term care insurance serves an important role
in the retirement care and security of the middle- income market. Having a long-term care marketplace that includes private options is important not only for those who need it but for our country as well,
to reduce the burden on already-strapped state Medicaid programs. Despite this need, we face many challenges. We constantly must balance the need to price products profitably with providing affordable solutions for our customers. We continue to actively manage our risk in this market by effectively addressing the closed block with our reinsurance transaction, and with dedicated and experienced professionals working our in-force block with rate actions and claims management, allowing CNO to serve this essential need in the marketplace.
We look forward to growing and delivering on our initiatives in 2014. With your support as owners and the continued dedication of our associates, we are confident we can achieve our vision of becoming the leading provider of financial security to middle- income American working families and retirees.
Edward J. Bonach Chief Executive Officer
  5
