to our shareholders
Conseco made measurable progress on many fronts during a turbulent 2007 as we continued to imple- ment our strategy to “Fix, Focus and Grow” the company. Our financial performance overall reflected certain actions taken during the year in an effort to resolve issues from our past. In taking those actions, along with numerous enhancements to operations across the enterprise, we have signifi- cantly strengthened Conseco and positioned our- selves for greater performance and improved long-term shareholder value.
While the transformation of Conseco is a c o m p l e x story, we are optimistic about the future prospects of our company and realizing its potential for the simple reason that our core businesses are growing rapidly, as is our defined market: middle income Americans and retirees. Even in a challenging economic environment, our businesses delivered a strong performance in 2007, with growth in sales
and collected premiums. These factors, coupled with extensive operational improvements and a sound capital management plan, lead us to reiterate that our long-term goal of improving return on equity (ROE) to 11 percent for 2009 is achievable.
financial performance
Notwithstanding the actions we’ve taken to address problems from the past, our company remains financially strong. We have invested our capital to fix many legacy issues, while maintaining strong liquidity at the holding company, strong risk-based capital and relatively low debt ratios. At the same time, we are seeing our long-term care closed block of business trend towards breakeven and our core businesses positioned for significant growth.
For 2007, Conseco reported a net loss applicable to common stock of $194 million, which includes $77.8 million of net realized investment losses and
  Susan L. Menzel
Executive Vice President Human Resources
John Wells
Senior Vice President Long-Term Care
C. James Prieur
Chief Executive Officer
Russell M. Bostick
Executive Vice President & Chief Information Officer
1

a $68 million increase in the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets.
Our book value per share, excluding accumu- lated other comprehensive income, was $24.42, compared with $26.98 in the prior year. Our debt and preferred stock-to-total capital ratio, excluding accumulated other comprehensive income, was 21 percent, compared with 29 percent last year, and the risk-based capital at our insurance companies remains strong at 296 percent, down from 357 per- cent in 2006 due to our long-term care reserve strengthening, costs related to a litigation settlement and net capital losses.
Conseco’s liquidity position also remains strong, with more than $80 million in cash at the holding company level, an untapped bank line, and a posi- tive cash flow from subsidiaries. Our investment quality remains high, with very limited exposure to sub-prime asset-backed securities. While we are not
immune to the realities of market volatility, our goal is to provide relative stability and predictability. Finally, our share repurchase program continued during the year, as we bought back 5.7 million shares of stock.
We changed the portfolios of the businesses with two major transactions in 2007. We closed the sale of an old block of fixed and equity-indexed annuities to a subsidiary of Swiss Re Life and Health America, and we completed the recapture of a block of Colonial Penn’s traditional life policies, part of our core business, from the same firm.
We are pleased to report that our turnaround program for our long-term care closed block of business has produced results. We have aggres- sively addressed many issues with that block, and the business has stabilized to the point we expect it will approach breakeven performance in 2008, in large part due to the $110 million reserve
  Dan R. Bardin
President
Conseco Insurance
Steven M. Stecher
Executive Vice President Operations
Edward J. Bonach
Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Scott R. Perry
President
Bankers Life and Casualty
2

strengthening during the second quarter of 2007. Numerous enhancements in process, technology, organizational design and management also have contributed to this program’s success. Of significance, we signed an agreement with Long Term Care Group, a privately held third party administrator, to imple- ment systems and operational solutions that will benefit those customers. We still have much to do, including working with our regulators on justified rate increases, and continuing to improve our claims operations and expense management.
The critical first phase of our remediation plan to address our material weakness in internal control, first disclosed in the prior year, has been completed. As a result of remediation procedures performed in the fourth quarter of 2007, Conseco restated its financial statements for the years 2006 and 2005, along with affected financial data for 2004 and 2003, and quarterly financial information for 2006 and the first three quarters of 2007, as reflected in the accompanying Form 10-K. The remediation process is continuing, and further developments will be described in future filings.
business performance
Bankers Life, our career distribution channel, again demonstrated the unique competitive advantages this channel provides to Conseco. Bankers Life continued to grow at a 10 percent compound growth rate— a record it has achieved each year since 2003. New annualized premium for the year was $294 million, a 10 percent increase over 2006.
Backing Bankers Life performance was growth in life, prescription drug and Medicare Advantage private-fee-for-service products, and the opening of five new sales offices in New York State. Bankers Life also grew its agent force by 10 percent to 4,500 agents, while improving agent productivity, and
added new products and increased field support. Colonial Penn, our direct distribution channel, also delivered impressive results in 2007, with new annualized premium increasing by 27 percent over the prior year. Earnings, however, were down during the year due to charges for expenses related to a pilot program to extend the Colonial Penn brand into the Medicare Advantage private-fee-for-service market. During the fourth quarter, Colonial Penn also recaptured a sizeable block of life insurance business that had been reinsured in 2002. This transaction is accretive to the earnings and return-on-equity of the
company going forward.
At Conseco Insurance Group, our independent
distribution channel, while overall sales were down 21 percent, there was a greater focus on more profit- able business, with the contribution to profit from the new business higher than a year ago. Conseco Insurance Group showed gains in specified disease products, our highest margin product, offset by declines in Medicare supplement and annuity sales.
Going forward, Conseco Insurance Group is sup- porting continued growth in Performance Matters Associates, our owned distribution organization, increasing active producers and building market share in supplemental health and life insurance products.
Progress has continued on a number of opera- tional fronts as well during 2007. We completed the consolidation of Bankers Life back office functions into our Carmel, Indiana offices, providing improved service for both policyholders and agents, and, when the consolidation of operations is completed by the end of the second quarter of 2008, expect to realize savings in excess of $25 million a year. We also continued to simplify our systems environment, eliminating several systems in the third and fourth quarters, with further reductions expected over the next few years.
3

management leadership
We were pleased to announce the addition of two highly experienced new directors to our board of directors. Donna James, president and managing director of Lardon & Associates, and Doreen Wright, senior vice president and chief information officer of Campbell Soup Company, joined the board in May.
Additionally, Conseco recruited a number of senior industry executives during the year, including Ed Bonach, Chief Financial Officer, Dan Bardin, President of Conseco Insurance Group, Tom Barta, Senior Vice President of Financial Planning and Analysis, Mark Billingsly, Senior Vice President of Health Valuation, Mark Johnson, Chief Compliance Officer, David Nelson, Senior Vice President of Sales for Bankers Life, and Tim Tongson, Senior Vice President in Corporate Actuarial.
looking forward
Conseco has been taking the necessary steps to enhance its performance on many fronts, and we are making significant progress. Conseco is funda- mentally well positioned to serve the needs of its core market, middle income Americans and retirees, to grow profitably and to deliver long-term value to its shareholders.
We have refocused our business model. Unlike many of our peers in the industry, Conseco starts with its customers and designs its products around their needs, instead of starting with a group of products and looking for a market to sell them into. We have reduced the complexity of our products, while offering more choices. Our products are specifically tailored for the customers we have chosen to serve, who hap- pen to comprise the fastest growing segment of the middle market, one that is expected to include 70 mil- lion Americans age 65 and older by the year 2030.
We have depth of experience and a deep under- standing of the concerns that this market faces as
they look to retirement, to supplement income, to provide for health insurance or security and protec- tion from adversity. Many of our competitors are abandoning the middle market as they strive to serve more affluent consumers, but this is precisely where Conseco excels and where it remains committed.
We have competitive differentiation in three important ways: our array of product offerings; our service through a highly efficient centralized opera- tions center; and, our multiple distribution channels that allow customers a choice in how they buy insur- ance. Those choices include buying direct, at the workplace, from an independent broker or from one of our career agents who comprise one of the largest and most knowledgeable agent forces in the industry.
We have a tremendous opportunity ahead of us to capitalize on our unique combination of strengths: our market position, our refocused business model, our operational improvements, our breadth of prod- ucts and our delivery capabilities, all designed to serve a rapidly growing yet underserved market- place that we understand well. The ingredients for success are there, coupled with the right business strategy and the ability to deliver on that strategy.
At the start of 2007, we defined our core values, rooted in our business, as: Integrity; Customer Focus; Excellence; and, Teamwork. None of the progress Conseco has made during the past year would have been possible without the dedication and hard work of our 4,000 associates and their belief in those values. We are fortunate to have an equally dedicated management team and the support and guidance of our board of directors as we enter this year with a renewed commitment to our company’s future.
C. James Prieur
Chief Executive Officer
 4
