  Edward J. Bonach
Chief Executive Officer
To Our Shareholders
CNO Financial Group’s commitment to continued progress on our Grow and Deliver journey has never been greater.
Early in my tenure as CEO, we introduced a multi-year strategy— Grow and Deliver—in transition to another new chapter of the CNO Financial story. Focused on growing our businesses by delivering financial security to middle-income American working families and retirees, we rely on solid execution to achieve our operational goals, and maintain a strong capital plan to deliver value to our shareholders.
In 2013, Grow and Deliver established several three-year milestones, and I’m proud to say we’ve succeeded in reaching many of these targets. These include significant investments in transformational strategic business initiatives; accelerating run-on of new, profitable business and run-off of legacy business; a drive to investment grade ratings; an enhanced customer experience; operational efficiencies; and a 20% dividend payout ratio.
Over that same time span, we invested over $100 million in strategic initiatives, sold or reinsured almost $4 billion in legacy run-off business while continuing to grow sales, achieved 13 rating agency upgrades, and finished 2015 with a 9% operating return on equity (ROE).
Amid these milestones, 2015 was not without its share of challenges. While the economy improved, persistent low interest
rates continued to impede earnings growth. In addition, the strengthening labor market made it difficult to recruit agents, impacting sales at Bankers Life.
Despite these challenges, CNO Financial continued to grow. Collected premiums and in-force policies were each up 1%. Third party fee income increased 14%. Annuity account values grew 1%. Total enterprise sales were flat. However, sales at our Washington National unit were up 1%, and at Colonial Penn up 15%.
We strengthened our financial position, including a successful debt recapitalization in May, which resulted in an investment grade-like structure. It also extended our debt maturities and eliminated annual amortization payments, adding to our financial flexibility.
With a focus on return of capital, common stock repurchases and dividends totaled $417 million in 2015. Our solid operating performance rewarded us with total shareholder return of over 12%.
CNO Financial earned three rating agency upgrades in 2015, continuing our positive ratings momentum and commitment to achieving investment grade status at all major rating agencies.
 2

  Our solid operating performance rewarded us with another year of industry-leading total shareholder return.
   A 2015 highlight was achieving the A- or ‘Excellent’ Financial Strength Rating from A.M. Best for CNO Financial’s subsidiaries.
Financial Performance
CNO Financial continued a strong track record of operating performance in 2015, marked by a fourth consecutive year of operating earnings per share growth. We continued to be an industry leader in return of capital when measured as a percentage of market capitalization.
For the full year, CNO Financial recorded operating earnings of $275 million, or $1.41 per diluted share, compared to $1.27 per diluted share in 2014. Net income was $271 million, or $1.39 per diluted share, compared to $0.24 per diluted share in 2014.
We ended the year with $382 million in cash and investments at the holding company and over $200 million in deployable capital. Our consolidated risk-based capital ratio increased 18 percentage points over 2014 to 449%.
Business Performance
CNO Financial’s ability to grow and deliver value to our stakeholders stems from our middle-income market focus, our mix of distribution channels, and the breadth of products we offer to meet our customers’ needs.
Strategic investments to increase the reach and productivity of our distribution force and drive efficiencies in our operations through focused cost structure optimization continue to accelerate. We sold 3% more new policies in 2015 than in 2014, resulting in approximately 3.5 million policies in force (including third-party policies sold by Bankers Life agents).
We made progress advancing our customer experience, with encouraging increases in customer loyalty. Our net promoter scores have steadily improved over the last seven quarters.
The remarkable growth at Colonial Penn in 2015 is a result of strategic investments made in the business over the last couple of years to deliver growth and profitability. Similar investments are occurring at Bankers Life and Washington National; however, these investments commenced more recently, and as such, will take longer to produce results.
   3
 
  Bankers Life, our career distribution channel, experienced a challenging 2015. Sales, as measured by new annualized premium (NAP), were down 4% for the year, largely due to life insurance sales where average premium-per-policy declined. Long-term care sales were solid, up 14%, led by our short-term care product, as distribution expanded into new states. Annuity sales were up 3%. Bankers Life’s producing agent force declined in 2015, as the strengthening labor environment weakened recruiting. Somewhat offsetting the recruiting challenges, veteran producing agent counts grew 3% in 2015.
Washington National, CNO Financial’s channel that sells through our wholly-owned agency Performance Matters Associates (PMA) and select independent distribution, produced sales growth of 1% in 2015. Though individual sales were down 2%, worksite sales increased due to successful development of new producing agents, coupled with enhanced worksite capabilities that positioned us for a strong fourth quarter enrollment season. PMA recorded sales growth of 3%, and producing agent count—a leading indicator of future sales growth—continued to increase in 2015.
Colonial Penn, our direct distribution channel, grew sales by 15%, collected premiums by 7%, and in-force policies by 2%.
These results were driven by new product introductions; lead diversification initiatives; increased marketing and sales effectiveness; and implementation of voice-authorization and real-time processing of leads, allowing agents to close a sale prior to ending a call with the customer.
Our People
Behind every successful organization are successful people, and CNO Financial is no different. Our ability to attract, develop and retain great people is one of our strengths and a meaningful competitive advantage. CNO Financial’s team of seasoned leaders has extensive insurance industry experience, knowledge and perspective, and a track record of execution.
In 2015, we continued our tradition of investing in the careers of our associates with a record number of promotions, development moves and new assignments, along with high participation rates in our core curriculum, insurance education and tuition reimbursement programs. CNO Financial’s commitment to our associates’ health and wellness earned top spots for a second consecutive year; in 2015, we were part of the “Best of the Best” Healthiest 100 Workplaces in America and a Platinum winner
  4

Efforts in 2015 have enabled our consumer brands to be better positioned to meet the opportunities and challenges in the coming years.
for the Best Employers for Healthy Lifestyles. Bankers Life was recognized by Training magazine as one of the country’s top 125 training companies for the fourth consecutive year.
Our Industry’s Value
CNO Financial’s mission is to enrich lives by providing insurance solutions that help protect the health and retirement needs of middle-income Americans, while building enduring value for all our stakeholders. As one of the few life and health companies to focus on the rapidly growing 65-and-over population and the underserved, underinsured middle-income market, we know and understand our customers, and are committed to serving their needs. This is a noble cause and business.
The substantial opportunities for sustainable, profitable growth are evident when you look at the numbers. According to a 2015 LIMRA study, 52% of U.S. households are middle-income, and more than half are underinsured, pointing to coverage gaps not being addressed. In addition, 10,000 baby boomers are turning 65 each day.
Our customers want simple, straightforward insurance solutions that help provide for their health care expenses, preserve hard- earned savings and provide for their loved ones. Our efforts in 2015 have enabled our consumer brands to be even better positioned to meet both the opportunities and challenges in the coming years.
Looking Forward
As we recognize achievement of the milestones reached in 2015, our commitment to continued progress on our Grow and Deliver journey has never been greater. Our 2016 priorities will capitalize on these accomplishments, and continue to strengthen our business foundation as we focus on successful execution. Meeting the changing needs of our market through the right product portfolio, and delivering a customer experience that meets expectations, will allow CNO Financial to continue to generate shareholder value in the long term.
Rebounding from a challenging year, Bankers Life expects to see recruiting and sales gains from infrastructure investments made over the last few years. Our new, centralized recruiting center
is expected to fill the pipeline necessary to grow the agent force. Implementation of a customer relationship management solution for our sales force will help new and veteran agents work more efficiently, increase productivity and improve retention. Our in-house broker-dealer, Bankers Life Securities, will align our product suite to our customers’ need for diverse investment and planning solutions, and risk protection.
Washington National will focus on addressing declines in the individual market through continued agent growth, new product introductions and geographic expansion. The worksite distribution channel will look to benefit from full implementation of the Washington National One Source benefit enrollment and servicing platform this year.
Colonial Penn will continue diversifying its lead generation sources by further investing in innovative direct mail and digital marketing activities, expanding their marketing campaigns to yield improvements in cost effectiveness, and pursuing initiatives to boost telesales productivity.
As baby boomers age and seek options to pay for care, we continue to believe long-term care (LTC) insurance serves an important role in the retirement care and security of middle-income Americans. CNO Financial remains one of the country’s few active writers of new LTC insurance, but not without understanding and addressing the challenges, with dedicated leadership and a cross-functional team of experienced professionals focused on actively managing the business. In 2015, we continued to pursue rate actions when justified, and implemented innovative programs to more effectively manage claims. Our objective is to reduce our relative LTC exposure by half over the next three-to-six years in order to increase our financial flexibility, ROE and value of our stock. We expect to accomplish this by growing our non-LTC businesses and executing LTC reinsurance solutions.
I’m pleased we were able to demonstrate the strength of our enterprise and core businesses in 2015.With the continued support of our stakeholders, and the ongoing teamwork of our dedicated associates, we enter 2016 with clarity, a determination to succeed, and a renewed commitment to grow and deliver on our mission.
CNO Financial Group 2015 Annual Report
    5
