    C. James Prieur
Chief Executive Officer
2006 was a year of many challenges—and many accomplishments—for Conseco.
Full-year net operating income declined by 71 percent from 2005. We are responding with an energetic and targeted program to “Fix, Focus and Grow” the company. Our efforts are aimed at strengthening our enterprise and delivering greater long-term shareholder value. We are taking the necessary steps to fundamentally change Conseco for the better.
We are working from a strong financial position. Conseco’s book value per share, excluding accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), was $27.06 at year- end 2006, up 8 percent compared to year-end 2005, and our debt-to-capital ratio, excluding accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), was 17 percent, a leverage ratio that compares favorably with most of our peers.
Our consolidated risk-based capital ratio also remains strong, at 357 percent at year-end 2006, and despite growth in sales and collected premium, operating expenses were relatively flat year-over-year. Based on this strong position and focus, we announced in the fourth quarter of 2006 a share repurchase program of up to $150 million. In January 2007, the company bought back approximately 1.24 million common shares.
We are making progress in many areas, including strong full-year sales growth in our core operating businesses, emerging efficiencies from the consolidation of our back- office operations, and progress on our initiatives to improve the performance of our long-term care block in the Other Business in Run-off segment. We expect more earnings volatility over the next few quarters as our program gains traction.
to our shareholders
 1

2
fix, focus and grow
As we look at our road map to growth, much of our attention has been centered on “fix” and “focus,” especially during the fourth quarter of 2006, where, in addition to implementing new systems, we significantly increased our long-term care (LTC) claim reserves in our Other Business in Run-off segment.
Improving the performance of this block is one of our highest priorities. To maintain the health of our long- term care business, this block is undergoing a re-rate process that began last summer and will continue on an on-going basis. In addition to premium re-rates, we are working to improve claims management,
technology and organizational design.
Additionally, at our Bankers Life segment, we began a program to re-rate approximately 65 percent of our long-term care business. Continued progress on this front should contribute to improved earnings performance going forward.
Many of the actions we have taken were one-time in nature, while several other important efforts concerned our business “focus,” such as the reorganization of our back-office operations under one leader, and, similarly, the reorganization of our long-term care business under one leader.
We reported a material weakness in internal control at year end related to several reserve adjustments. Those reserve adjustments were not material individually or in the aggregate to our current year or prior period consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, but it will take time to assess the effectiveness of the steps taken to remediate the weakness.
Looking forward, improvements in the claims manage- ment of our long-term care block in the Other Business in Run-off segment are expected to reduce claims leak- age by more than $10 million per quarter on a pre-tax basis. Re-rates are expected to produce $35 million of additional annual revenue, and the back-office reorga- nization is expected to produce $25 million in annual savings. Collectively, these three actions, when fully implemented, are expected to total $100 million of annual pre-tax earnings.

sales
growth
Across our businesses, we remain focused on the senior middle market, the fastest growing market segment in America. Our products are designed to meet the complex life, health and retirement needs of that market through our independent, career and direct distribution channels. And we have shown measur- able progress.
Conseco’s core operating businesses generated strong sales growth in 2006, with our collected premiums growing significantly for the first time since the company emerged from bankruptcy in 2003.
For Conseco Insurance Group (CIG), our independent distribution channel, total sales for the year increased by 37 percent over 2005. Building relationships with national distribution partners is key to CIG’s success, along with expanded product offerings and revitalized marketing efforts, all of which contributed to the year’s performance. Performance Matters Associates, our owned distribution organization, continues to be
a strong base for CIG with solid sales in both its Consumer and Worksite marketing divisions.
Bankers Life, our career channel, has diversified its product mix and showed improved earnings perfor- mance. The strength of Bankers Life’s field force was evident in the strong launch of a Medicare Advantage Private Fee-for-Service Plan through an expansion of a strategic alliance with Coventry Health Care. The successful launch of that plan resulted in the sale of 14,000 plans which will be reflected in our earnings beginning in 2007.
Bankers Life and CIG, also through a partnership with Coventry, distribute and risk-share Medicare prescrip- tion drug plans (PDP). Bankers Life sold 140,000 PDP drug plans when that program was successfully launched last year.
Colonial Penn, our direct distribution channel, has continued to experience good growth in its core life insurance business. Sales at Colonial Penn rose by 10 percent in 2006 over 2005, and our intention is to accelerate that growth rate.
3

 focus on the future
When I joined Conseco in September 2006, I said that I saw great things ahead for the company. I can repeat that statement today with even greater confidence, as we seek to deliver value over the long term for our shareholders.
The determined progress we are making at Conseco is the result of great focus and dedication by our associates, the leadership of our management team, and the support and guidance of our board. We remain steadfast in our commitment to serving the rapidly growing senior middle market in America with products that meet their life, health and retirement needs through our unique distri- bution capabilities.
C. James Prieur
Chief Executive Officer
        4
