 C. James Prieur
Chief Executive Officer
To Our Shareholders:
What an extraordinary year 2009 was for Conseco. Following the economic downturn and turmoil in the U.S. and worldwide capital markets the previous year, Conseco made significant progress at both the holding company and the operating businesses. The culmination of those efforts and the strategic initiatives carried out in recent years has substantially transformed our company.
This widespread transformation included recapitalizing the company, reducing debt, increasing equity, providing greater financial flexibility to enhance our ability to grow profitably and delivering four consecutive profitable quarters. Numerous business and operational initiatives were undertaken across the company, and many more are under way.
To reflect the fundamental change that has taken place in recent years, including closure on many legacy issues, we have undertaken a re-branding initiative. As you see introduced on the cover of this report, Conseco, Inc.
is becoming CNO Financial Group, Inc., the holding company for Bankers Life and Casualty Company, Colonial Penn Life Insurance Company and Washington National Insurance Company, which will be the new name for most of the Conseco Insurance Group business.
The new name incorporates the holding company’s
New York Stock Exchange symbol, CNO, already familiar to investors. Changing the name of our holding company to CNO Financial Group and having separate brands for
investors and each of our three distribution channels is consistent with our goal to focus even more clearly on our customers.
Our company has been streamlined and simplified over the past three years to concentrate on those businesses where we are best positioned to meet the needs of a fast- growing but underserved marketplace that we understand well. Our company is defined by that market of middle- income working Americans and retirees and not by our set of products, giving us what we believe is a unique value proposition.
The projected growth in our target market is remarkable. The first of the Baby Boom generation will become Medicare-eligible next year, and in 10 years, the number of people 65 years old and over will increase by 50 percent. As this group moves towards retirement, we stand ready to serve them with products designed to meet their specific needs. Not surprisingly, our total Medicare and life insurance sales in 2009 showed double-digit percentage growth over the previous year, and we expect they will show continued strong growth, along with other products designated for our market.
Our business model has been refined to become even more customer driven, and our new brand symbol— inspired by an American quilt pattern—stands for our commitment to helping our customers meet their needs.
CNO Financial Group I 3

Financial Performance
We were pleased with our return to profitability during 2009, reporting four consecutive quarters of net income. Earnings before net realized investment losses, discontinued operations, corporate interest, gain (loss) on extinguishment or modification of debt and taxes were $337 million,
up 16 percent, compared to $291 million in the prior year. Total new annualized premium, excluding private fee-for-service, was $392 million, an increase of 6 percent from 2008.
Net income for the year was $86 million, or 45 cents per diluted share, compared to a net loss of $1,132 million in the prior year. The prior year’s loss included a
$723 million loss from discontinued operations related to our transferring the stock of Senior Health Insurance Company of Pennsylvania to an independent trust.
Capital management was our primary focus during this transformational year, highlighted by our recapitalization plan. Through public and private sales of stock, we raised $296 million of common equity. Additionally, we repaid $198 million of our senior debt in the fourth quarter and restructured and extended our debt covenants, giving us greater financial flexibility going forward. These actions increased our holding company liquidity to $146 million at year end.
The refinancing of our old 3.5 percent convertible debentures was critical to our success in 2009. We are replacing these securities with new 7 percent convertible debentures
due in 2016.
Those and other capital management activities, including reinsurance and reduction of marketing costs at Colonial Penn, contributed to a meaningful increase in our consolidated risk-based capital level to 309 percent from 255 percent at the end of the prior year. Collectively,
our actions to strengthen our financial position have led to positive moves from some of the ratings agencies. Standard & Poor’s upgraded our rating two notches to B- and upgraded our outlook to stable, while Moody’s upgraded our outlook to positive.
Cleaning up some of the company’s remaining legacy issues continued during the year. Settlements in principle
were reached involving policyholders who opted out of the previously settled R-factor class action litigation and a multi-state market conduct examination involving holders of Lifetrend life insurance policies. The Lifetrend action resolves regulatory issues related to the sale and administration of Lifetrend policies and regulatory
issues regarding Conseco Life’s ability to manage non- guaranteed elements in the Lifetrend block of business.
Business Performance
We were very pleased with the strong performance in 2009 at Bankers Life and Casualty, our career distribution channel. Total new annualized premium, excluding private fee for service, increased by 12 percent to
$278 million. The year was a record for sales in both Medicare supplement products and life insurance, and
a record year for agent recruitment in the Bankers career agent sales force, which grew 9 percent to approximately 5,100 agents.
At Colonial Penn, our direct distribution channel, new annualized premium, excluding private fee for service, was down 16 percent to $42 million. The decrease was expected as a result of our reduced advertising as part of capital management, but despite that reduction, collected premium increased by 6 percent over 2008.
Conseco Insurance Group, our independent distribution channel, saw new annualized premium increase by
0.4 percent to $72 million, despite a de-emphasis of annuity sales. Our worksite business, an important market for us, had sales growth of 11 percent for the year, and sales were strong at Performance Matters Associates, our wholly-owned distribution organization.
As we resume our investment in growth, our outlook
is optimistic for all of our businesses. At Bankers Life, we are reinsuring less of our new business, thus investing more, while continuing to expand the sales force. For Colonial Penn, we are increasing our marketing efforts as we re-focus on growth potential that was purposely curtailed last year, and at Conseco Insurance Group,
we are growing our new, more profitable business
and taking the necessary steps to improve the underperforming legacy blocks of business.
4 I CNO Financial Group

Leadership
Our people, our leadership team and our culture also are being transformed as we re-focus and re-brand our company. Our ability to bring in top talent from outside the company, and identify and promote top people from inside the company, remained a priority for us again in 2009.
During the past year, we were pleased that Tom Kaehr, Vice President, Internal Audit, and Jacqueline Brainard, Vice President, Re-engineering, joined the company. Internally, we filled a number of leadership positions, including Chris Foote, Vice President, Asset Liability Management; Erik Helding, Vice President, Financial Planning and Analysis; Jerry Lynch, Vice President, Bankers Life Valuation and Projections; Chris Quallen, Vice President, Derivative Trading; David Vega, Vice President, Underwriting and New Business; and Bruce Jordan, Northeast Territory Vice President.
Looking Ahead
As we look toward fulfilling our long-term goals,
we continue to invest in the profitable growth of our company. Continued expansion of our Bankers Life sales force, increased marketing efforts at Colonial Penn and continued emphasis on profitable supplemental health and life insurance products at Washington National are key to our future.
Our focus on middle-income working Americans and retirees defines our company and our commitment to our customers. Our new brand exemplifies that commitment and reflects our improved financial position, our more clearly-defined business strategy and the positive opportunities for growth in the years ahead.
We recognize that we have much to accomplish and the need to constantly improve our products, services and operations is never complete. The continued dedication of all of our associates, our management and our board of directors, along with the support of our shareholders, gives us confidence in our future and in our ability to realize our vision for CNO Financial Group.
C. James Prieur
Chief Executive Officer
 CNO Financial Group I 5
