                 CNO Financial Group 2012 Annual Report
Financial Performance
We achieved our fourth consecutive year of earnings and growth in 2012. Importantly, this growth extended across all of our actively marketed businesses, as sales, defined by new annualized premium, increased by
5 percent over the prior year to $393 million. The low interest rate environment continued to be a headwind that depressed fixed annuity sales, but the strength of our middle-income market focus, distribution and product breadth more than offset the decline in annuity sales.
CNO reported net operating income of $180 million, or 69 cents per diluted share, in 2012, compared to $172 million, or 61 cents per diluted share, in the prior year. Our financial strength continued to improve as a result of significant management actions during the year, including recapitalizing our company, which increased financial flexibility, while continuing to generate strong earnings and cash flow. Our consolidated statutory risk- based capital rose to 367 percent from 358 percent in the prior year, and we closed the year with $294 million of liquidity and investments at the holding company level.
CNO Senior Leadership Team
Left to right: Eric Johnson, President, 40|86 Advisors; Scott Perry, Chief Business Officer and President, Bankers Life and Casualty; Susan Menzel, Executive Vice President, Human Resources; Tony Zehnder, Senior Vice President, Corporate Communications; Matt Zimpfer, Executive Vice President and General Counsel; Ed Bonach, Chief Executive Officer; Chris Nickele, Executive Vice President, Product Management and President, Other CNO Business; Fred Crawford, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Bruce Baude, Executive Vice President and Chief Operations and Technology Officer.
 New Annualized Premium
Operating Income
(in millions)
$375.1
$393.4
(in millions)
$171.5
  $180.4
  2011
2012
2011 2012
3

                4
Business Performance
So what drove our year of significant accomplishments, and is it sustainable? We strongly believe it starts with our market focus on pre- and at-retirement middle-income Americans. We reach that market with our primarily exclusive distribution, aligned with a breadth of products and service to meet our customers’ needs. This market focus and alignment are key differentiators. We have invested in the expansion of our distribution platforms, and plan to continue that investment strategy as we strive to serve the middle-income market, improve our operating efficiencies and deliver on the customer experience.
At Bankers Life, our career distribution channel, we added 25 new locations in 2012, for a total of 276 branches and satellite offices across the country. We are pleased to report that our agent force grew by 6 percent due to increased productivity and retention efforts. New annualized premium, excluding annuities, rose by 9 percent for the year, and we successfully introduced a new critical illness product that is now available in 46 states.
The annual election period for Medicare Advantage sales again produced strong results, and our relationships with partner companies for Medicare Advantage and Prescription Drug Program sales also were successful. Of note, we are continuing our partnership selling
of Humana Preferred prescription plans in Walmart locations across the country.
Washington National also had a strong year. Core product sales grew by 13 percent in 2012. Life product sales showed healthy gains, while supplemental health sales also were strong during the year.
Agent recruiting and retention were also Washington National strengths. At Performance Matters Associates (PMA), our wholly owned agency, the number of new agents increased by 35 percent, and in our partner channel, new partners grew by 19 percent. Agent and partner growth are key factors supporting our future performance.
Colonial Penn, our direct distribution channel, also performed well, with sales rising by 20 percent over
the prior year. The results were due primarily to our direct marketing investments. Colonial Penn’s year was marked by the introduction of a new term life product, improved direct marketing initiatives and sales productivity improvements.
Overall, our plans for expanded distribution and straightforward product offerings are on track with our strategic business plans, as we work to more effectively serve our growing target market. We have identified capital deployment initiatives to accelerate organic growth for all three of our core businesses.
Specifically, we expect to continue to increase the number of Bankers Life branch locations, expand our field management, sales productivity tools and cross- selling capability, and stay focused on the customer. At Washington National, we expect increased focus and continued momentum in the voluntary worksite market, as well as expansion of the number of states served by PMA. With Colonial Penn, we will continue investing in lead generation and new product development, along with our emerging focus on the Hispanic market.
Investment results were also very strong in 2012. Investment yields were substantially maintained from the prior year, despite continued low interest rates, as
a result of strategic and tactical moves throughout the year. Investing wisely for the long run represents one of our core competencies.
Our People
Our associates are our most valuable asset. We win
or lose with our people, and our ability to attract and retain great people remains one of our key strengths, as we strive to ensure that CNO is an employer of choice. We saw proof of that as we enhanced the talent of our management team during the year, bringing seasoned executives on board, while also promoting a number of internal executives as well.
Training and development are high priorities across our businesses. We have successfully implemented several new programs, including a company-wide development program for high-potential employees and a Manager Trainee Program at Bankers Life.

                There also were noteworthy changes on our board of directors during the year. We were pleased to welcome two new members, Ellyn Brown, retired Principal of Brown & Associates, and Nina Henderson, Managing Partner of Henderson Advisory, both of whom bring considerable experience and background to the board. At the close of the year, Charles Murphy resigned his position on our board after serving for three years, during which time he made significant contributions to the progress of our company.
Our Industry’s Value
Our industry has served a valuable social purpose for more than 250 years by providing financial security to policyholders in their time of need. At CNO, we are mindful of that purpose and proud of the efforts we make in providing millions of Americans, their families and loved ones with financial security and peace of mind.
While our target market is rapidly growing, with an estimated 10,000 Baby Boomers turning 65 every day, it remains underserved, with more than half of middle- income Boomers indicating they have never been contacted by an agent/retirement professional,
and more than half saying they are not confident they are financially prepared for the future. The products and service we provide are designed to fill those gaps and meet their most pressing financial needs, and we accomplish that by earning their trust through delivering on our commitment to helping them achieve their goals.
Looking Forward
Again, the past year was marked by significant achievements for our company, and we are confident in the strategic initiatives we have in place for delivering
long-term value for CNO. We have a compelling value proposition that is delivering results and gaining wider recognition, as reflected in our growing financial strength, market performance and rating agency upgrades.
We believe our businesses, with their distinct, largely exclusive distribution models, are well positioned to continue delivering profitable growth. To further improve our value proposition, we expect to invest $80 to $85 million in strategic business initiatives over the next three years. In addition, we are researching strategies to accelerate our growth while exploring options to reduce the impact of our closed blocks of business. All of our initiatives as well as our efforts to improve operational efficiencies are designed to enhance shareholder value.
We pride ourselves on our marketplace knowledge and our ability to meet our customers’ needs in achieving their financial security goals — the cornerstone of our company mission. We intend to keep delivering on our promises, and to enhance the customer experience at CNO.
Our confidence in the future and the accomplishments of 2012 are direct results of the dedication that all of our associates bring to CNO, which, along with the dedication of our leadership and our board of directors, forms the backbone of our success.
Thank you for your ownership, support and confidence in CNO!
Edward J. Bonach Chief Executive Officer
CNO Financial Group 2012 Annual Report
       “The past rked by significant achievements for our company, and we are confident in the strategic initiat
in place for delivering long-term value for CNO.”
    ive
s we have
5
   year was ma
 