Dear Shareholder,
  With our company’s transition period following electric restructuring in Texas largely completed, we were able to turn our full attention to executing our core business plans in 2006. We are pleased to report that we had a good year.
CenterPoint Energy reported $432 million in net income, or $1.33 per diluted share. Earnings for
2006 were up substantially over 2005 and included the resolution of a number of legacy tax and regulatory issues. We raised our dividend in the first quarter of 2007 by 13 percent to an annualized rate of 68 cents per share. This higher dividend followed a 50 percent increase in the first quarter of 2006. Our board of directors is committed to delivering a strong, competitive dividend consistent with our long-term sustainable earnings and cash flow. Our goal is to return 50 to 75 percent of our earnings to our shareholders and to be in a position to increase our dividends annually.
The benefits of CenterPoint Energy’s balanced mix of electric, gas and pipelines businesses were evident in 2006. While record warm temperatures and volatile gas prices challenged our regulated gas distribution business, they also created opportunities for our pipelines, field services and competitive natural gas marketing businesses. Our combined 2006 results illustrate how the geographic, economic and regulatory diversity of our business portfolio positions us to succeed in
a variety of market environments and to deliver significant shareholder value.
We had strong returns last year, and perhaps more impressively, top-quartile returns compared to our peer group. Total shareholder return for 2006 was 34.8 percent, outperforming both the S&P 500 Utilities Index return of 21.0 percent and the S&P 500 Index return of 15.8 percent.
In addition to cash dividends of 60 cents per share, shareholders realized $3.73 in price appreciation per share.
Common Dividends
2007* 2006 2005
          0 10 20 30 40 50 60 70
CENTS * Annualized based on 1st quarter declaration
Growing strong
Our core businesses are poised for growth. Last year, our electric transmission and distribution business added 37,000 meters, marking the 10th consecutive year we’ve experienced customer growth of 2 percent or greater. Over the next five years, we are planning to invest more than $2 billion in new electric facilities to meet the demands of a rapidly growing service area and to maintain a strong electric grid in Texas.
Customer growth continued for the 13th consecutive year in our natural gas distribution business as well, with more than 42,000 new customers added last year. This included the acquisition of a distribution system in South Texas that added over 4,000 customers.
Over the last several years, this business has been adversely affected by mild winter weather and high natural gas prices, which led to both reduced consumption and higher bad debt expense. However, the operational changes we made should position us for better results in 2007 and beyond.
 
  
 Our growth was most evident last year in our interstate pipelines, field services and competitive natural gas sales and services business segments, which all reported record levels of operating income. Our nation needs additional supplies of natural gas, and our interstate pipelines remain strategically positioned to bring new supplies in the mid-continent area to market. Our field services business added more than 400 new well connections in 2006, marking the third consecutive year of strong growth. We also expanded our gathering and processing business. Similarly, our competitive natural gas sales and services business capitalized on growing natural gas demand by expanding its gas storage and intrastate pipeline assets as well as by expanding its sales footprint through
a new business acquisition in Pennsylvania.
living our values
Strong business performance is driven by sound strategy, strong execution and solid values. At CenterPoint Energy, we’re committed to our core values of integrity, accountability, initiative and respect for our customers, investors, employees and communities. We demonstrate our values through our community relations activities, workforce and supplier diversity programs and environmental initiatives.
Notably, the Women’s Business Enterprise National Council named us one of America’s Top Corporations for Women’s Business Enterprises. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency presented us with the ENERGY STAR Sustained Excellence award for our work to promote energy efficiency. We also reduced energy consumption at our own major facilities by more than 24 percent, for $2 million in annual savings.
Pursuing Win-Win Rate agreements
A key element of our rate strategy is to secure more rate and regulatory certainty. Last year,
we reached an electric rate case settlement that went into effect in October. Although it reduced our base revenues, it provides a distribution rate freeze until 2010, helps low-income residential customers and increases our annual investments to promote energy efficiency. The settlement also provides us with a mechanism to change our transmission rates in 2008 to earn on our investment in new projects.
Our natural gas distribution utilities have been adversely affected by mild weather and reduced natural gas consumption stemming from more efficient appliances and energy conservation measures.
Our rate strategy seeks to decouple the recovery of our costs from the volume of gas used by our customers, thereby aligning the company’s and customers’ interests in energy conservation and efficiency. In January of this year, we filed a $51 million rate case in Arkansas with a proposed mechanism that would achieve this goal, stabilize revenues and minimize the need for future
rate cases.
 CENTERPOINT ENERGY BOARD MEMBERS [from left to right] Janiece M. Longoria, Peter S. Wareing, Donald R. Campbell, O. Holcombe Crosswell, Thomas F. Madison, David M. McClanahan, Milton Carroll, Robert T. O’Connell, Michael E. Shannon, Derrill Cody and John T. Cater.
 
 
CENTERPOINT ENERGY OFFICERS [standing from left to right] Byron R. Kelley, Joseph B. McGoldrick, Gary L. Whitlock, Georgianna Nichols, Thomas R. Standish, David M. McClanahan, Wayne D. Stinnett and Scott E. Rozzell.
 investing in tomorrow
Looking toward the future, we’re laying the ground- work for continued improvement and growth.
• We streamlined our regulated operations by consolidating our call centers and eliminating duplicate functions, management positions and facilities.
• We have nearly completed construction of Phase I of our 172-mile Carthage to Perryville pipeline and expect to put it in service in the second quarter of 2007. Phase II is scheduled to be completed by midyear.
• With our joint venture partner Spectra Energy, we filed an application with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to construct, own and operate the Southeast Supply Header, a 270-mile pipeline that will deliver secure natural gas supplies to the Florida market. We expect to begin construction in the fourth quarter of 2007 and place the pipeline in service during the summer of 2008.
• We are investing in our workforce and have analyzed our staffing levels to find ways to optimize our labor resources, plan for upcoming retirements and expand our leadership development program.
• We are working with IBM to develop an intelligent electric grid using broadband over power
lines technology. This exciting project has the potential to significantly improve metering,
grid planning, and operation and maintenance at our electric utility and to provide data to enhance retail competition in Texas.
We have taken a disciplined approach to evaluating and capturing promising opportunities presented by today’s market environment and technology. We will continue to maintain strong customer relationships and respond to changing market trends to ensure that our businesses are ready to capitalize on new opportunities as they arise.
We are proud to say your company and its employees performed well in 2006. We remain committed to achieving our vision of being recognized as America’s leading energy delivery company... and more.
We appreciate your confidence, and we will keep striving to increase the value of your investment every day.
Sincerely,
Milton Carroll
Chairman
David M. McClanahan
President and CEO
   
  