 Energy delivery
is our business.
   4
Dear Shareholder,
Thank you for your support of CenterPoint Energy. In a year that ended with turmoil in the stock market, your company turned in a solid financial performance. In 2007, we focused on improving our business models and invested in projects
that will enhance future earnings. Operating income grew 13.5 percent and our dividend 13 percent. Most importantly, our company is well positioned to take advantage of opportunities in each of
its businesses.
We believe our 2007 results reflect the strength of our balanced portfolio of energy delivery businesses and demonstrate we can succeed in a variety of market conditions. We earned $399 million in net income, or $1.17 per diluted share. While we earned $432 million in 2006, those results included the favorable resolution of a number of non-recurring legacy tax and regulatory issues. Excluding these one-time events, our 2007 net income grew last year by $38 million, an 11 percent increase.
We also raised our quarterly dividend to
$0.17 per share in 2007 and increased it again by 7.3 percent in the first quarter of 2008.
Since 2005, we have increased our dividend
by over 80 percent.These increases, which
are consistent with our goal of returning
50 to 75 percent of our earnings to shareholders, demonstrate your board of directors’ confidence in our future earnings and cash flow.
DaviD M. McClanahan
President and CEO
Milton Carroll
Chairman
  
 The dividends we paid in 2007, when combined with a 3.3 percent change in our stock price, produced a total shareholder return of 7.4 percent.
BuilDing on our strengths
Our company remains focused on creating long-term growth and sustainable earnings in each of our businesses. For our regulated operations, we work continuously to improve our business models and are implementing our rate strategy to give us a better opportunity to earn our authorized rates of return. In our pipelines and field services businesses, we are capturing growth opportunities from our unique position in the mid-continent region where gas drilling and production are at record levels. The focus of our competitive natural gas sales and services business is on expanding our commercial
and industrial customer base and optimizing the assets used to serve these customers. Finally, we continue to evaluate the acquisition of other assets that would complement our existing businesses and create long-term shareholder value.
This year, each of our businesses strengthened its position in the industry in which it operates.
electric transmission and distribution performed in line with our expectations. While operating income declined $15 million, as we felt the full impact of our 2006 rate case settlement, we added 53,000 new customers. We are confident that customer growth driven by the strong Houston economy will require continued investment in needed infrastructure and will position us for long-term success.
“Our company remains focused on creating long-term growth and sustainable earnings in each of our businesses.”
Our strongest growth last year was in natural gas distribution where operating income increased
$94 million, 76 percent over 2006. An improved business model, productivity improvements, more normal weather and the addition of over 38,000 customers helped this business achieve record performance. We also worked to implement a rate strategy that separates the recovery of our fixed operating costs and return on our investment from the volume of natural gas consumed, thus reducing the impact of unpredictable weather. These progressive rate designs better align the interests of our company and our customers and support the promotion of energy conservation.
Benefiting from pipeline investments needed to get new natural gas supplies to market, interstate pipelines saw operating income increase by $56 million, 31 percent over 2006. Income from the first two phases of our Carthage to Perryville (CP) pipeline accounted for much of the increase. Our growth will continue in 2008 with the scheduled completion of CP Phase III and the Southeast Supply Header,
a joint venture with Spectra Energy.
 5
  
 “ The concern about global climate change will also
put more focus on conservation and using energy wisely...
We are well positioned to serve in a leadership role.”
Over the last three years, our fastest growing business has been natural gas field services. We continue to capitalize on strong drilling activity near our system and benefit from high customer loyalty. Operating income rose $10 million over 2006, an increase of 11 percent. In 2007, we committed more than $100 million in growth capital to this business and expect
to invest approximately $75 to $100 million annually over the next four to five years.
Competitive natural gas sales and services reported a small decrease in operating income, primarily as a result of reduced profitability
in our wholesale business due to lower locational and seasonal gas price differentials. Nonetheless, we made solid progress on our long-term growth strategy by growing our retail commercial and industrial customer base by 1,700.
iMproving our finanCial position
We resolved several of the issues remaining from the 1999 restructuring
of the electric industry in Texas. Last summer, the state passed a law allowing us to sell $488 million of transition bonds to recover certain previously approved transition costs. This law provides a win-win scenario, allowing us to recover our funds immediately while customers pay lower interest rates. The bonds were sold in February 2008, and will result in more than $100 million in customer savings over the next 15 years. Additionally, we settled our final fuel reconciliation proceeding, which added $17 million to operating income.
One important issue remains unresolved: our appeal of the Texas Public Utility Commission’s decision in our true-up case. In December, we received a disappointing decision from the Texas 3rd Court of Appeals that reduced the amount of potential true-up recovery. We have asked the Court of Appeals to reconsider its decision and will appeal to the Texas Supreme Court if our motion for rehearing is unsuccessful.
     6
  
 ADDRESSING OUR NATION’S ENERGY NEEDS
Looking to the future, we are confident that our company is positioned
to succeed in a changing energy and environmental landscape.
The electric utility industry is expected to turn to natural gas, an abundant and clean-burning fossil fuel, to bridge the gap until cleaner alternatives
are available. As a result, consumption of natural gas is expected to increase, putting pressure on natural gas supply and pricing. Although high gas prices will present challenges for our local distribution business, we believe
the market demands for more natural gas will create opportunities for
our pipelines and field services units. We stand ready to meet the needs
of our customers and the marketplace.
The concern about global climate change will also put more focus on conservation and using energy wisely. As a utility, we are well positioned to serve in a leadership role. In most of our natural gas service territory, we are pursuing decoupled rates, weather normalization and adjustment mechanisms, and funding to promote energy conservation, energy audits, and incentives for high-efficiency commercial and residential natural gas products.
We also promote energy efficiency in our electric service territory. For the sixth consecutive year, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency presented us with the ENERGY STAR Sustained Excellence Award for promoting energy-efficient home construction. Last year, we continued
our evaluation of advanced metering and an intelligent electric distribution grid. We have installed 10,000 smart meters in a limited deployment and have received encouraging results. We believe the real-time energy data that will be available from advanced meters will enable customers
to better manage and reduce their energy use.
Not only do we help our customers conserve energy, but we are careful consumers ourselves. Last year, we received the 2007 ENERGY STAR Award for efficient energy use at our corporate headquarters’ building. We also have reduced energy use at our other Houston-area facilities by 27 percent since 2002.
Finally, we recognize that our employees are the most important driver of our success.
To address our future workforce needs, we are hiring and training new employees and partnering with educational institutions. Our employees not only contribute to our business success, they work hard for the communities we serve. Last year, our employees volunteered more than 174,000 hours and raised more than $2 million dollars for nonprofit organizations.
The energy industry is on the move, and we’re moving with it. We appreciate your confidence in our company, and we will work hard to increase the value of your investment.
Sincerely,
MILTON CARROLL DAVID M. McCLANAHAN
Chairman President and CEO
   7
  