 DEAR SHAREHOlDER,
2008 was an excellent year for your company. Our employees responded admirably in the aftermath of Hurricane Ike, and in the face
of global economic turmoil and the upheaval in the financial markets, our businesses delivered earnings significantly higher than the previous year. Our diversified portfolio of electric and natural gas delivery businesses continues to perform well under a variety of market conditions.
CenterPoint Energy’s net income increased by $48 million to $447 million, an increase of 12 percent over 2007. Earnings per share were $1.30 compared to $1.17 from the previous year. We raised our quarterly common stock dividend by more than
7 percent in 2008. In January 2009,
we raised our quarterly dividend by
4 percent, marking the fourth consecutive year we have raised our dividend since emerging from our early transition years
as an independent company. Our goal is to return 50 to 75 percent of our sustainable earnings to shareholders each year.
Despite our strong earnings, the decline in the stock market last year impacted the value of CenterPoint Energy’s stock. While our total shareholder return last year was -22.5 percent, our performance was better than the overall stock market as well as the S&P 500 Utilities Index.
Our earnings were driven by the solid performance of our businesses, which serve essential energy delivery needs
of customers across the country. Each
of our businesses overcame challenges and executed their business plans very well. Responding to these challenges also helped us prepare for what lies ahead.
Our electric transmission and distribution business, which serves more than 2 million customers in the Houston area, overcame the impact of Hurricane Ike and increased core operating income from transmission and distribution operations, reporting
$407 million compared to $400 million in 2007. Customer growth, warmer weather and increased usage all drove last year’s performance. Though Hurricane Ike dealt a staggering blow to our service territory, our employees rose to the challenge as they always do. We restored electricity to most customers within two weeks and to all customers capable of receiving power within 18 days, a significant achievement of which we are quite proud.
pAGE 5

 Our natural gas distribution business had a good year with operating income of $215 million, a decline of only $3 million from the previous year’s record high of $218 million. Economic conditions, energy conservation and reduced usage offset the benefits of customer growth and rate increases. We continue to make progress toward decoupling natural gas rates to separate our revenue from the volume
of natural gas sold. These progressive rate designs allow us to actively promote conservation and energy efficiency and minimize the impact of reduced customer use on our earnings, thereby aligning the interests of our company with those of our customers.
Our interstate pipelines business reported record results for the sixth consecutive year with $293 million in operating income, an increase of 24 percent over 2007.
In addition to bringing new pipelines and capacity into service, we maximized the value of our core pipeline system by
renewing contracts with key customers and capturing incremental revenue through ancillary services and system management. Our assets are strategically located in the mid-continent region where new drilling techniques have stimulated natural gas exploration and production, providing us opportunities for further growth.
This same strong drilling activity also drove record results for the sixth consecutive year for our field services business, which had operating income of $147 million in 2008, an increase from $99 million the previous year. We continued to invest in gathering, processing and treating facilities, and for the third consecutive year, we connected more than 400 wells to our system.
Our competitive natural gas sales and services business had a solid year, even though its $62 million in operating income represented a decrease from $75 million in 2007. The timing of mark-to-market losses and inventory write-downs offset improved operating margins, increased natural gas throughput, and significant growth in revenues and customer count.
MEETING ThE NATION’S ChANGING ENERGY DEMANDS
With a new administration in Washington, the focus of the nation’s energy policies are expected to shift dramatically. Climate change concerns are projected to drive initiatives to reduce carbon emissions
and increase energy conservation.
Many observers believe this will lead to increased use of natural gas for power generation until clean coal technologies are developed and more nuclear power plants are built. Natural gas has the lowest carbon footprint of any of the fossil fuels. In the near term, we expect policy makers to place an emphasis on energy conservation, because there is no better way to reduce carbon emissions than
to use less energy.
We are well positioned to respond to these concerns in ways that will benefit both our customers and our shareholders. Energy- efficiency programs are not new to us.
We have been helping our customers use energy more wisely for decades.
For example, in Houston, through our ENERGY STAR new homes program,
we have reduced electric demand by
130 megawatts over the last eight years.
In Minnesota, our natural gas conservation improvement programs have reduced usage by 10.7 billion cubic feet over 16 years.
The future is even more promising.
In December 2008, we received approval to install more than 2 million advanced electric meters that have the potential to elevate energy conservation to a new level. Through these meters, information about
offiCers
[front row, left to right]
David M. McClanahan Scott E. Rozzell
Gary l. whitlock Thomas R. Standish
[BaCk row, left to right]
C. Gregory Harper Joseph B. McGoldrick James M. Dumler wayne D. Stinnett, Jr.
 
  BoarD of DireCtors
[front row, left to right]
Robert T. O’Connell Derrill Cody Janiece M. longoria Milton Carroll
David M. McClanahan Susan O. Rheney
[BaCk row: left to right]
peter S. wareing Sherman M. wolff
O. Holcombe Crosswell Michael E. Shannon Thomas F. Madison Donald R. Campbell Michael p. Johnson
energy consumption and usage patterns
will be made available to our customers. Pilot studies across the country indicate substantial reductions in electricity usage are possible once consumers understand their usage on a real-time basis and are given tools to respond. This new system
is expected to take five years to fully deploy at an estimated cost of $640 million. We will recover our investment through a special tariff that has been approved by the Public Utility Commission of Texas.
Despite increased energy conservation, demand for electricity and, therefore, the demand for clean natural gas, is expected
to increase. This will, in turn, drive the need for infrastructure to get new gas supplies
to market. Some of the most prolific new natural gas reserves are being produced from unconventional sources in Arkansas, Louisiana, Oklahoma and Texas. Over the last several years, we have made record investments in our gas gathering, processing and pipeline facilities and are well positioned to serve these new drilling areas and meet growing demand. We will continue to pursue new investment opportunities in and around our service territory.
ThE ChALLENGES fOR 2009
As we write this letter, the country faces considerable challenges. Financial markets are in turmoil. The nation is in a recession that is expected to impact economic growth at least through this year and, most likely, into 2010. Your company is not immune to the impact of these conditions. Overall customer growth in our electric and gas utilities service territories is expected to be modest, at best, in 2009. Energy markets are also being impacted, creating uncertainty about the timing of some projects. The steep decline in the stock market last year took its toll on the value of the assets in our pension plans.
As a result, non-cash pension expense will increase approximately $88 million, pressuring our 2009 earnings.
We have worked hard to strengthen our liquidity and cash flow to weather these conditions, and we are closely managing our spending given these uncertain economic times. While we expect 2009 to be challenging, we are well positioned and are committed to the long-term growth of your company.
In closing, we once again want to thank our employees for their hard work and dedication. We are extremely proud of their outstanding efforts in 2008.
You can be assured that we will continue to work hard to earn your trust. We appreciate your confidence, and we will keep striving to increase the value of your investment.
Sincerely,
Milton Carroll
Chairman
David M. McClanahan
President and CEO
  pAGE 7
