Letter to Shareholders
Menlo is transitioning into a process-driven, shared resources model, emphasizing multi-use facilities, scalable, non-proprietary systems and a focus on customers organized by industry group. Today, over 50 percent of its facilities support multiple clients. This company has an arsenal of proven systems, excellent methodologies for designing and implementing customer solutions, and some 12 million square feet of warehouse space in North America and 20 countries to mobilize for its clients. Menlo is well positioned to grow as an agile organization that can respond rapidly to its customers' changing requirements. I'm also encouraged with Vector SCM, our joint venture with General Motors, and the continuing value it is delivering.

Dear Fellow Shareholders:
Looking back on 2005, two themes characterized the year for CNF and our shareholders. The first was change, or more accurately, the successful management of change. CNF in 2005 accomplished the broadest and deepest succession of leadership this company has ever experienced. The second was--and continues to be--the importance of culture. We saw that proven once again through the commitment and attitude of our employees, who despite the changeover in our leadership ranks remained intently focused on our customers and delivering the best value proposition in the market. When I took over the CEO role a year ago, one of my first objectives was to "flatten" the organization, reconnect our corporate functions with the business units, and remove barriers so that we could move toward a more streamlined, single operating company focus. Both the Con-way and Menlo enterprises have embraced this strategy, and while we still have work to do, the progress has been encouraging. Best practices are being identified and shared. We established and are working toward one set of strategic objectives. We are aligning our cultures based on similar values and philosophies. Collaboration with a new purpose and enthusiasm is uncovering market opportunities to join Menlo and Con-way in unique ways for the customer. These two franchises concluded the year as leaders in their respective markets, and entered 2006 well positioned for sustained growth and momentum.

Looking ahead
Change and culture. One we'll continue to manage. The other we'll continue to invest in, nurture and develop. I expect 2006 will be the year in which our collaborative philosophy and our culture of common values really takes hold. That starts and ends with our employees and the vital role they play by engaging our customers and delivering exemplary service performance. They are our service product. I read a quote recently by a business executive that sums it up: "Culture eats strategy for breakfast." You can have great plans, but if you don't have employee buy-in and commitment, you won't be successful. That's what culture is all about. We will face some headwinds. Benefit costs are rising, coupled with continued contributions to our pension reserves. Mandated expensing of stock options will have an effect, as will somewhat higher administrative and IT expense. Fuel costs continue to be an issue. Fuel has been inflationary for our customers; they are aggressively negotiating these costs as part of their rates, so we have to balance cost recovery with customer goodwill. This industry still struggles with attracting competent, qualified drivers. We've been successful finding and keeping professional drivers in the LTL market. The truckload market will be more of a challenge. So far, our approach with Con-way Truckload has been working--its driver retention rate is the envy of the industry--but as we grow the company we'll have to be diligent and creative at managing driver recruitment and retention. Let me close with a few words about our brand. Over the past 20 years the Con-way name has emerged as an industry leader, gaining wide acceptance as a respected and successful brand in its own right. It has tremendous customer goodwill and equity, and portrays with more clarity and accuracy who we are today, and where we are going in the future. The time has come to change. In this year's proxy statement we have a proposal to change our corporate name to Con-way Inc. Following shareholder approval, our intent is to launch a corporate-wide initiative to re-brand the organization with a new logo and graphic identity under Con-way as our master brand. Your board of directors and management team encourage your support of this proposal. On a personal note, I want to thank our Chairman, Keith Kennedy, for his counsel, and our Board of Directors for their guidance and support in my first year as CEO. I also want to thank our employees for doing what they do best: staying focused on our customers, and remaining committed to our mission. We are about to embark on an exciting new chapter in our history, but one that lives by the same principles of Integrity, Commitment and Excellence that have made this a rewarding enterprise for our employees, customers and shareholders. Sincerely,

Positioning for growth in an evolving world
We operate today in a competitive global economy driven by consolidation on the one hand, and outsourcing trends on the other. Supply chains are being extended while requiring ever more responsive and stringent levels of service. The Asia-Pacific region, particularly China, has become the world's workshop. Yet in North America, the transportation and logistics services market has never been stronger. We have an enviable position, with a network, infrastructure and service product second to none. The capital investment necessary for a new entrant to compete at a Con-way level is staggering, preventing significant new capacity from coming into the market. Those who have existing plant and infrastructure will have an advantage. Consolidation in the LTL market also is having an impact. We do not believe this market has excess capacity and one outgrowth of that has been more disciplined pricing. We also are encouraged by the opportunities in the truckload market, and the initial success of Con-way Truckload, launched in 2005. We'll more than double the size of this operation in 2006. Our global contract logistics business continues to evolve as well. While Menlo Worldwide had a good year winning a record number of new customers in 2005, it did so while successfully implementing fundamental changes to its business model. Menlo historically followed a "one customer, dedicated facility, custom project" model because that's what its customers demanded. Not anymore. Customers will no longer tolerate the risk--or the cost--of one-off, single-design, proprietary solutions.

Douglas W. Stotlar President and Chief Executive Officer March 13, 2006

