CNF: The Year in Review
The year 2003 ended for CNF much stronger than it began—stronger, in fact, than it usually does thanks to a robust pickup in the U.S. economy. Our 2003 diluted earnings per share totaled $1.57, almost a third of which we earned in the fourth quarter. Diluted earnings per share of 49 cents were up 20 percent from the prior year’s fourth quarter despite a restruc- turing charge in 2003 and a benefit from a contract settlement in 2002. So far,
this positive momentum is carrying on into 2004.
In addition to the strengthening econ- omy, our improvement has also been
our North American transportation network,
it is a vital part of our global Forwarding operations. In the fourth quarter, the Forwarding unit took a $7.8 million restructuring charge
as it continues to work to reduce the fixed cost of the North American network to better match its lower revenue and overnight freight volume while maintaining its national coverage, customer service and ability to serve the
                     driven by our tight control of costs. Our operating leverage is most evident at
Con-Way, where fourth-quarter operating income rose 58 percent on revenue and weight increases of about 10 percent each compared to the prior year. This outstanding achievement is a tribute to Con-Way’s excellent productivity and market position. Con-Way’s fourth-quarter operating profit was the highest of any quarter in more than three years.
At Menlo Worldwide, results were uneven and the effects of the improving economy are taking longer to appear. International revenue at Forwarding grew strongly throughout the year and is now 70 percent of total revenue, while North American revenue continued to decline. Since the majority of the international business originates in, is destined to, or passes through
W. Keith Kennedy, Jr., Chairman, and Gregory L. Quesnel, President and Chief Executive Officer
international market. It is a delicate balance and we continue working to restore profitability to this important part of our business.
Menlo Worldwide Logistics had reduced profits in 2003 because of lower transaction volume at many of its largest customers due to the soft economy in the first half of the year, and because of less consulting and systems integration work throughout the year. Menlo Logistics once again had excellent returns on capital. At our other logistics operation,
Vector SCM, we completed negotiation of a new contract with its joint venture partner and primary customer, General Motors. Based on its success to date, GM is eager for Vector to

assume responsibility for more of its logistics operations worldwide. The new contract provides for a management fee, with additional amounts dependent on Vector’s ability to help GM attain its cost reduction targets. CNF
and GM are confident of Vector’s continued success.
CNF’s balance sheet, which began the year strong, ended even stronger with improved liquidity, including $321 million in cash, up $51 million from year-end 2002. This cash manage- ment accomplishment is particularly noteworthy given the issues that faced the company in 2002 and 2003 following the closure of our cargo airline and the subsequent payout of more than $300 million related to the closure, including the buyout of aircraft leases.
During 2003 we changed the name of the
Forwarding unit from Emery Forwarding to Menlo Worldwide Forwarding, completing
the final transition of the Menlo Worldwide companies to their new brand identity. Driving the formation of Menlo Worldwide was our desire to give Logistics access to Forwarding’s broad international customer base, and to allow Forwarding’s customers access to more logistics capabilities. As we expected, this
is helping the Menlo Worldwide companies become providers of end-to-end supply chain solutions, not just supply chain services.
In 2003, Con-Way celebrated its 20th year by continuing to lead the LTL trucking industry in profitability, service and innovation, with an ever-wider range of transportation products and logistics services. In September, Con-Way became the first LTL trucking company to
announce a transit-time money-back guarantee on all shipments moving under its primary tariff. You have to be supremely confident in your service to do this, and Con-Way is rightfully so. We believe the program has brought many new customers into the Con-Way fold. Later in September, Con-Way was rated the most innovative user of information technology of any shipping and logistics company in the U.S. by Information Week magazine. Con-Way ranked 15th of all companies surveyed, ahead of larger global parcel companies and trucking competitors.
Net Income, in Millions
                    1999 2000
2001 2002 2003
 Menlo Worldwide was also recognized for its information technology prowess, in its case by CIO magazine, which honored it with the CIO 100 Award. This award recognizes organiza- tions around the world that excel in positive business performance through resourceful IT management and practices. Menlo Worldwide Technologies this year began offering its award- winning supply chain management expertise to businesses that choose to manage their own logistics operations. This initiative, Menlo DirectTech, provides access to a range of services from stand-alone software, process engineering and network analysis to system configuration. Menlo Worldwide also this year officially opened Menlo University, a center for companywide training and development that
$182.3 $126.8 $(402.9) $93.6 $83.8

was recently honored as the best new corporate university of 2003. In addition to these honors, we are proud that CNF again made Fortune’s List of Most Admired Companies this past year. Board of Directors
At the beginning of 2004, two of CNF’s long- serving senior executives decided to retire. Don Moffitt retired as CNF’s chairman of the board of directors effective the end of January and the board elected vice chairman Dr. W. Keith Kennedy, Jr., to assume the chairmanship. Keith has served on the CNF board since 1996. He
Revenue, in Billions
an integrated forest products company in Portland, Oregon, and Chelsea “Chip” White III, chair of transportation and logistics at the Georgia Institute of Technology, in Atlanta, Georgia. We look forward to the additional expertise Peter and Chip will bring to our board. Outlook
We are cautiously optimistic that the economic upturn we are seeing will be sustained, but it is too soon to tell. Con-Way’s operating leverage is obvious, and we are convinced Menlo Worldwide’s will follow.
We plan to grow our revenues and increase our profits as the strength of this recovering economy provides vitality to our companies. For the longer term, we will explore ways
to add new revenue to the enterprise and deploy new strategies so that we may once
again grow CNF at a pace that exceeds the U.S. economy. In essence, we will adhere to Don Moffitt’s credo, “never stand still.”
We look forward to the year ahead knowing much progress was made in 2003 and much opportunity is available to us in 2004.
W. Keith Kennedy, Jr.
Chairman of the Board of Directors
Gregory L. Quesnel
President and Chief Executive Officer March 4, 2004
                     1999 2000
2001 2002 2003
 retired in 2000 after 12 years as president and chief executive officer of Watkins-Johnson Co. Don’s career here began in 1955, and as we
quietly recognize our 75th anniversary this year, we will often think of him and his many contribu- tions. No one has served the company longer and we wish Don the very best.
In February, President and CEO Greg Quesnel announced his intention to retire from the company and the board in July. Greg has served CNF for 29 years, six as CEO. The board has formed a search committee and will consider both internal and external CEO candidates.
The board has appointed two new members to fill the positions left by Don and Kevin Burns, who has resigned after two years service: Peter W. Stott, president and CEO of Crown Pacific,
  $5.0 $5.6 $4.9 $4.8 $5.1
