Dear Shareholders:

refocus and redefine the company in ways that are well aligned with current market forces.

Finally, we diversified our energy portfolio with the acquisition of additional gas reserves in

enhancing the value of your enterprise.

This is a good time to have an energy connection
in your investment portfolio. Coal markets and prices have improved since last year. Natural gas
6

Our employees worked safely during the year. Our Virginia. CONSOL Energy's average production of First, we significantly reduced our cost structure gas increased to 85-90 million cubic feet per day. because we know that successful fuel suppliers We expect our production to increase an addiinvariably are low-cost fuel suppliers. We closed tional 15 percent by the end of the current fiscal or placed on long-term idle our higher cost mines, year with additional drilling.
$15.14 $14.38

overall Incidence Rate for accidents improved 20 percent versus last year and is two times better than the
7

prices also are at record highs because of strong demand. All this is driven by a strong United States economy and by the increasing penetration

coal industry average. Significantly, 10 different operating groups, including mines, shops and preparation plants achieved our goal of zero record$0.46

.

.

removing 10 million tons of capacity from the system. These moves were supplemented by reducThis was a timely acquisition. We acquired reserves already being produced from wells that CONSOL
$0.29

of electricity in our economic life.

.

$0.47

.

$12.00

.

able accidents. Unfortunately, two employees were fatally injured in the first quarter while removing

$10.63 $10.00

.

.

ing the number of operating groups in our coal segment, and a 23 percent cut in administrative

Coal continued to be the primary fuel for generatEnergy operated. This allowed us to fully benefit from the rapid escalation in natural gas prices that
$0.13

.

equipment from the closed Powhatan 4 Mine.

ing electricity. CONSOL Energy has the reserves, costs. These changes have not diminished our the technology and the infrastructure to supply ability to manage the company effectively nor the fuel of choice for many years to come.
6/99 9/99 12/99 3/00 6/00

.

Looking ahead, I see great opportunities for growth as an energy supplier. Our strategy is three-fold.

has occurred in the last nine months.
1Q 2Q 3Q 4Q

impaired our ability to grow. Total revenues for the year declined 6 percent, Second, we husbanded our resources carefully. Capital expenditures were reduced 41 percent from to $2.2 billion, although net income remained essentially unchanged at $107 million. CONSOL

STOCK PRICE

For the first time in years, issues of energy supply and energy policy are in the news. This renewed attention to energy also has captured investors'

(Month/Year) (Composite price at end of period)

EARNINGS PER SHARE
(FY00) (Basic and Diluted)

First, coal will continue to be our core business. In the next several years, the best opportunities for growth appear to be through acquisition

the previous year by focusing spending in our attention, reflected in the increased interest in coal segment on projects that reduced costs and our common stock since January of this year. increased efficiency without adding capacity. Our CONSOL Energy has benefited not just because we are in the energy business but also because we took steps during this past year to restructure, coal inventories have been reduced by more than a third during the year, bringing coal supplies in better balance with demand in our key markets.

Energy steadily improved coal segment margins of operating assets of competitors. There are as the year unfolded. I am not satisfied with our numerous acquisition opportunities in both North annual earnings level, but I am proud of the America and the Pacific Rim. Any acquisition we things that our employees have accomplished make must represent a class of properties with a on your behalf in a relatively short period of natural market advantage based on the location time. Our focus is to reward your faith in us of the customer. by steadily improving our performance and

Brought to you by Global Reports

Second, we intend to grow our gas segment. Our gas is produced largely from coal seams. For most of our 136-year history, this gas was treated as a dangerous by product of the mining process that
8

Finally, we expect to continue our leadership in coal mining and utilization research. In the coming year, we will focus on projects that will enhance our customers' ability to use coal economically and cleanly. Elsewhere in this report, we discuss a new process we developed for turning a combustion waste product into commercial aggregate.

we vented to the atmosphere for safety reasons. As a result, CONSOL Energy has never been valued on the basis of its gas reserves.

To correct that, we have commissioned an independent estimate of gas reserves in our coal reserve base of 4.5 billion tons. That study should be completed by December 31, 2000 and will give us a better feel for growth potential for our gas-from-coal-seam segment. I thank our shareholders, our employees and our valued customers for their support of CONSOL Energy during the past year. I am excited about the prospects for our company and hope you will continue your support as we begin the new millennium ­ helping to connect the world to energy. We expect that both segments can benefit from alliances formed with our electricity generating customers. In the United States, the deregulation of power generation has created the opportunity to form business alliances with these customers that would not have been possible under regulation. There are many links in the fuel-supply chain where we could add value and we are actively pursuing the possibilities with our customers.
Brought to you by Global Reports
J. BRETT HARVEY
President and Chief Executive Officer September 30, 2000

