R

E

P

O

R

T

Dear Shareowners:

We had high expectations as we began 2002. Energy demand
was strong, coal prices were higher, our coal mines were running well after struggling in 2001 with geological and operational problems, and our gas segment sales volumes were growing. By year-end, those expectations had been replaced by the reality of poor financial results. Revenues declined 6 percent while earnings per share declined 92 percent in the year-to-year comparison. Record warm winter weather and a deteriorating United States economy impacted both gas and coal demand, particularly coal demand in our principal market areas. In March, we announced a 10 percent cut in planned coal production. However, like the slow turning of a large ship at sea, it was mid-summer before the full impact of our cutbacks was felt. In the intervening time, inventories rose at a rate of a million tons per month. Our coal customers also built large inventories at their power plants. Hot summer weather in many parts of the country increased demand for electricity. However, the faltering economy, the increased use of gas for power generation and the eroding financial condition of the power generation sector created countervailing forces that slowed the expected draw-down of coal inventories at power plants. At year's end, coal inventories at power plants and at our mines had fallen from their mid-year highs, but we don't expect broad supply-demand balance to be achieved until the second quarter of 2003. However, we were able to report higher realized prices per ton of coal produced because of contracts we obtained during the more favorable coal market environment of 2001.

Our gas business faired better. Although prices in 2002 were lower on average than in 2001, the comparison was influenced by the high prices we received for gas in the first two quarters of 2001. For 2002, the average gas price we received rose each quarter during the year. Gas prices reflected the decline in drilling rig activity in the first half of the year and the acceleration of storage withdrawals in the fourth quarter of 2002. In addition, we grew production and sales volumes through acquisition and increased drilling of our proved reserve base in gas. As a result, gas revenues for the year fell just 2 percent, despite a year-onyear price decline of 21 percent. LESSONS LEARNED Our businesses are capital-intensive and, in the case of our coal segment, have large fixed costs. Our optimism with respect to coal prices as we approached 2002 led us to increase the number of tons we planned to sell on a spot, or short-term, basis, reducing the tons sold on an annual or multi-year basis. When the coal markets began to contract sharply early in the year, we were forced to eliminate virtually all the production we thought we would sell on the spot market. Idling our mines drove up unit costs and reduced efficiency, particularly in our large, underground mines. As a result, we made a diligent effort during the year to commit for sale most of our anticipated 2003 coal and gas production. While we may miss short-term opportunities if prices should spike, our volume commitments will ensure that our operations run efficiently throughout the year. Moreover, higher spot prices will translate into some price increase in our contract business.

We also made a number of management changes in our coal segment. We eliminated satellite offices and brought together, under one roof, most of our coal managers. In addition to reducing cost, the move has facilitated the sharing of "best practices" among mines despite their diverse locations. In addition, we have combined the marketing and production functions under a single senior manager rather than managing the functions separately. As a result, production managers will have market information quickly to allow rapid response. Peter B. Lilly filled this new senior position. Mr. Lilly joined CONSOL Energy after serving as a senior manager with other companies in the coal industry. INVESTING IN THE FUTURE There were a number of projects undertaken or completed during 2002 that we expect will improve earnings in the next several years. In the coal segment, we completed the construction of a new preparation plant at the McElroy Mine in West Virginia. This plant will improve the quality of the coal we ship to customers and will allow us to increase production substantially at the mine by adding a second longwall mining system during 2003. The improved quality of the coal, which serves power plants along the Ohio River, allows us to garner better prices per ton. The higher capacity of the plant will allow the mine to increase its annual output by more than 60 percent. We expect to complete the expansion of the mine in mid-2004. In our gas segment, we increased production through acquisition and drilling. We are now one of the largest producers of coalbed methane gas in the United States and one of the largest gas producers in Appalachia.

We began commercial production of gas from a limited number of conventional wells in northeastern Tennessee. This new area still is categorized as an exploration project, but we are producing conventional gas as well as oil in limited quantities from shallow geologic formations, and we are evaluating the coalbed methane potential on the 250,000 acres we control. We also began our first commercial production of electricity last summer with the completion of our Buchanan Generation Units 1 & 2 project. This peaking power project, which we have constructed in joint venture with electricity producer Allegheny Energy, is fueled by gas produced by our gas operations. Although only a modest step in power generation for us, it will provide a basis for future power projects when the market is favorable. Finally, in an ongoing effort to unlock the value in the assets we own, we have expanded the business of our marine terminal at Baltimore to include other cargoes besides coal. While not immediately material to our financial results, CNXMarine Terminal's expanded business will make fuller use of our existing assets. ENVIRONMENTALSTEWARDSHIP We are extremely proud of our accomplishments in environmental stewardship. For example, we were among a handful of companies worldwide to be awarded the United States Environmental Protection Agency's Award for Climate Protection. This award recognized the work that CONSOL Energy has done in the recovery and utilization of coal mine methane, a greenhouse gas. Coal mine methane usually is vented to the atmosphere by working mines in order to reduce its presence in the underground mining

environment. CONSOL Energy has been capturing and selling this gas for more than a decade. We also were pleased to receive the United States Department of the Interior's Office of Surface Mining 2002 National Award for Excellence in Surface Mining for our innovative reclamation of surface mines in south Illinois. We furthered our relationship with The Nature Conservancy through the donation of Fish Creek Island on the Ohio River in West Virginia. This island is a rookery for the Great Blue Heron and ultimately will become a part of the United States Fish & Wildlife Ohio River Islands National Wildlife Refuge. Finally, our Research & Development Department received a grant from the United States Department of Energy to develop drilling technologies that will allow us to capture coalbed methane from unmineable coal seams and then to use those seams as a repository, or sequestration site, for carbon dioxide gas. LOOKING AHEAD W e had hoped to start 2003 with strong performance. However, a fire at Mine 84 in January and a fire at Loveridge Mine in February will affect first quarter results and will reduce our planned coal production for the year. Still, we expect to strengthen our coal business. We plan to aggressively seek longer term sales contracts with valued customers. For example, in January, we announced that we had reached agreement with FirstEnergy Inc., for a 17 year, 74.5 million ton coal sales contract. Most of the coal will come from our expanding McElroy Mine. We also have substantially replaced our traditional spot sales from our eastern Kentucky mines with one-year term contracts. We have enough sales committed as we begin the year to allow our mines to run at predictable levels throughout 2003.

We sold our Canadian coal and transportation assets to a Canadian Metallurgical Coal Trust. In exchange, we received 3.2 million trust units and consideration for working capital. We subsequently sold our trust units, exiting the coal business in Canada. We were able to monetize our Canadian assets at a profit and have redeployed the cash to enhance shareholder value. We will continue to review our coal assets to identify underperforming or non-strategic assets that could be monetized. We also expect to grow our gas business in 2003 through our disciplined drilling program, primarily in our large reserve in Virginia. We expect to increase annual production by 10 percent to 15 percent for the next several years. Finally, we expect to reduce our short-term debt by more than $50 million this year. This will strengthen our balance sheet and still allow us to fund important capital projects and to pay a dividend to our shareholders. I can assure you that every one of our 6,000 employees will be focused on making 2003 a year of improvement. We cannot control all of the events that will impact energy markets during the year, but we will be unrelenting in our attention to the factors that are within our control. We appreciate your continued support.

J . B RETT H ARVEY
President and Chief Executive Officer March 15, 2003

