Chairman’s Letter To Shareholders And Friends
2009 was a defining year for Capital One. We faced the most challenging economy in our company’s history, with unemployment climbing above 10% and home prices collapsing. The government intervened in the financial system on a scale not seen since the Great Depression. In addition, the most sweeping changes ever to the credit card industry were adopted with the signing of the CARD Act. The business models of all banks were severely tested by the recession, but this experience validated the bold strategic choices we have made over many years. We have weathered the storm well and are emerging as one of the nation’s strong banks.
We Delivered Solid Results Powered By A Strong Balance Sheet And Rigorous Underwriting
Capital One delivered solid results in 2009. Operating earnings were $987 million, or $0.99 per share, with GAAP earnings for the full year of $884 million, or $0.74 per share, even after a $1.31 TARP dividend and repayment expense. Total shareholder return was 23.9%, in the top quartile for the year relative to our peers. We were one of a select group of peer banks to deliver positive operating earnings during each year of the downturn.
We have a deep heritage of disciplined balance sheet management, and our balance sheet strength was on display throughout the year. We passed the government’s “stress test” in May, one of only four lending banks to do so. We maintained healthy capital ratios both before and after we redeemed the government’s TARP preferred shares. We were one of the first banks to repay TARP and, unlike most other large banks, we never relied on any government funding program. We raised over $5 billion in private capital, including $1.5 billion in common equity and an additional $2 billion of Tier 1 capital,
   1

bolstering our already strong balance sheet. Despite the recession, our strong balance sheet enabled us to close the Chevy Chase Bank acquisition, securing a coveted position in one of the nation’s best banking markets – our hometown of Washington, D.C. And we were well prepared at the end of the year to bring $47.6 billion of loans back onto our balance sheet under new accounting rules, while maintaining solid capital ratios.
Rigorous credit risk management also has always been a cornerstone of our business. For over two decades, we have hardwired severe economic worsening assumptions into our underwriting processes. In 2009, we continued to dynamically manage credit across our businesses, focusing on originating
 2
Capital One has branches in many of the nation’s most vibrant banking markets: New York, New Jersey, Louisiana, Texas, Maryland, Virginia, and the District of Columbia.
the most resilient loans. We managed our asset mix, replacing lower-quality loans with better-quality new originations. Loss mitigation remained a top imperative. We adapted our credit models in real time, developed sophisticated new analytical capabilities, tightened underwriting, and ramped up collections and recoveries. And, in our U.S. Card, Auto, and Commercial Banking businesses, we proactively managed pricing, which improved margins and resilience.
The results delivered by our Card business reflect our disciplined risk management. While the credit card businesses of our major competitors cumulatively lost billions of dollars in 2009, Capital One’s credit card business delivered almost $1 billion of net income despite our charge-off rate exceeding 10%. As in prior years, our credit card business continued to deliver
after-tax returns on managed loans well above our competitors’ returns with credit losses that were middle of the pack. In other words, our credit card business has remained significantly more profitable than our peers’ year after year, in good times and bad.
We repositioned our Auto Finance business in 2008, retrenching to focus on the most resilient customer segments and the best auto dealer relationships. The business rebounded in 2009, delivering substantial bottom line profits while generating new loans with significantly better credit characteristics and much higher returns.
We are now the ninth largest bank in the United States, with strong positions in some of the nation’s best banking markets – top five in the greater New York area; the leader in Louisiana; top five in the Washington, D.C. metro market (and number one in branches); and top seven in Texas. Our banking

segment’s profitability took a hit in 2009, primarily due to increased allowance and charge-offs in our commercial book as the recession began to have a serious impact on commercial assets. Nonetheless, our commercial business continued to outperform our peers’ in credit quality due to our favorable footprint in resilient markets, our lower exposure to construction loans, and our consistently conservative underwriting. Commercial assets constitute a smaller part of Capital One’s balance sheet, so we remain less exposed to the commercial downturn than most banks. We increased deposits by over $7 billion, including the Chevy Chase Bank acquisition. And we remained disciplined with respect to deposit pricing, which continued to drive down funding costs.
We aggressively worked off mortgages and nationally originated installment loans, increasing capital ratios and reducing risk. We continued to build out our in-footprint mortgage originations and servicing capabilities, and we continued to provide installment loans to our local banking customers. Our international businesses modestly improved, with continuing strength in our Canadian business and stabilizing credit in the UK.
We made additional progress in attacking costs, driving efficiency, and substantially reducing run-rate operating expenses. We made significant investments in our banking infrastructure and our customer experience, with solid progress on building additional flexibility to deliver even better products and service.
We recruited capable, experienced banking talent from big players across the industry. And we gained more recognition as a great place for the very best talent
to work. In 2009, we were included on Fortune’s list of the
“Top 25 Companies for Leaders” in North America, and we
were cited as a top employer by DiversityInc, Working Mother, PINK, and the Human Rights Campaign.
  Our customers need great value and convenience now more than ever. Capital One remains committed to delivering both. Our No Hassle Rewards Card continues to deliver premium rewards and benefits, while Image Card allows our customers to personalize their cards with their own photos by uploading a favorite image. Our No Hassle Giving Site enables our card customers to donate with confidence to any of 1.2 million charities, and Capital One covers the transaction fees.
Image Card is powered by an online tool that lets customers design their own cards. By uploading their own photographs, they’re creating cards as unique as they are.
  We have also made big strides on credit card customer
service. We continued to improve our online banking experience, making it even easier and more convenient. Our credit card customers rewarded our efforts by sticking with us. Our attrition
3

rates are at the low end of major issuers. We strengthened our relationships with the best auto dealers by standing behind them when they needed us most. And we continued to offer big-bank capabilities with a local feel, with highly rated commercial banking service and innovative new products such as Rewards Checking (which gives our customers rewards when they sign, swipe, or click to make a banking transaction).
   4
Our highly rated TV ads continue to drive home the great value and convenience Capital One delivers to our customers.
With our powerful marketing, we continued to build loyalty with our more than 33 million
customers. Capital One’s national advertising is still cutting through the clutter, with awareness and branding scores well above the norm for
financial services ads. We also introduced our well-known Visigoth banking ads – the highest scoring in our history – to our local markets.
And we maintained our long-standing commitment to college sports, including our
sponsorship of ESPN Bowl Week and the highly rated Capital One Bowl.
As we begin 2010, I like our position. But we continue to face sizeable risks. Substantial
legislative and regulatory uncertainty remains, including decisions on further financial regulatory
reform and the final interpretation of certain parts of the CARD Act. There is some evidence that the economy is stabilizing, but there are no assurances and any recovery is likely to be
gradual. Unemployment remains stubbornly high. Credit losses remain elevated. Home prices have yet to recover, and we will need to diligently manage the troubled mortgage portfolios from our bank acquisitions and the potential liability associated with repurchase demands. Finally, the commercial real estate and mortgage markets will continue to face credit headwinds.
We also have plenty of unfinished work ahead of us. A significant investment is required to build a top ten bank infrastructure, which we need to fully deliver on our banking potential. We also will need to invest hundreds of millions of marketing dollars to reignite growth as the credit environment improves. While we believe these investments will generate high returns, the payback will take some time. We must also create a scaleable mortgage infrastructure to support our existing operations and accommodate the future growth of our in-footprint mortgage business.
FREE Checking With REWARDS

The Recession Tested – And Affirmed – Our Strategic Choices
While the accomplishments of 2009 were notable in their own right, many of the high-impact decisions that positioned us to weather the storm were made well before the recession. Each of these moves was essential to our success amid the unprecedented demands of 2009 and contributed to our strong position as we emerge from the recession.
First, we insulated our balance sheet by choosing what we believed was the most resilient business mix. We largely avoided mortgages, except for portfolios we inherited through banking acquisitions. We chose to focus on credit cards and auto finance which, although they had high loss rates, proved to be the most resilient consumer loans during the recession. We decisively shut down the GreenPoint mortgage originations business early in the cycle, and appropriately marked the Chevy Chase option ARM portfolio. We also managed our securities portfolio with a focus on liquidity, avoiding exposure to risky investments such as collateralized debt obligations and structured investment vehicles, which led to massive write-downs at many other banks.
Second, with our banking transformation we eliminated the most profound structural risk of Capital One – our reliance on capital markets funding. In the process, we acquired strong banking franchises in leading markets, positioning the company well for future growth. We announced our intention to enter banking in 2003 and made it happen with the acquisitions of Hibernia (2005) and North Fork (2006). In doing so, we became a top ten deposit funded institution shortly before the capital markets imploded. Most of the companies that remained overly dependent on the capital markets for funding became extinct, were forced to downsize dramatically in order to survive, or were acquired. A handful made it through, in some cases with assistance from the government in the form of funding guarantees.
Third, for many years, we avoided or changed common industry practices which we believed sacrificed customer loyalty over the long run. For example, we largely stayed on the sidelines for years in segments of the card market where the economic model was premised on lengthy 0% teasers coupled with aggressive penalty repricing (e.g., prime revolver). We did not engage in many of the practices now banned by the CARD Act, such as “universal default” repricing and double-cycle billing. We also made important moves to empower our customers with clear marketing and straightforward disclosures, the ability to opt-out of significant account changes and overlimit fees, and by avoiding aggressive “single infraction” penalty repricing. All of these choices were significant departures from prevailing industry practices.
While the industry’s practices generated short-term profits, we believed they would be unsustainable over the long run. Capital One’s decision to take the long view and avoid these practices put us on an unequal playing field for years. The CARD Act has leveled the playing field and forced many of
 5

our competitors to pull back and reinvent their businesses. The new rules will drive pricing back to primary terms, such as APRs and annual fees, placing a premium on up-front underwriting – which plays to our strengths.
While the CARD Act will still have a substantial financial impact on Capital One, the choices we made long ago will make our economic adjustment to the CARD Act manageable. Our credit card business model remains largely intact, and we believe it will continue to deliver healthy revenue margins and returns. Additionally, our multi-year initiative to revamp our card infrastructure and business processes (completed in 2006) has proven instrumental in driving innovation and speed-to-market, and has given us the flexibility to make the monumental operational changes required under the CARD Act.
A decade ago, Capital One was a capital-markets funded, undiversified specialty lender. Today we are a deposit funded, broadly diversified bank with leading national lending businesses in credit cards and auto finance, and competitive local scale positions in some of the best local banking markets in the United States. And throughout the ultimate stress test – the Great Recession – Capital One has proven to be among the strongest and most resilient banks, and is emerging with an enhanced reputation with investors, regulators, and customers.
We Are Helping Our Customers And Communities Through The Recession
The recession has taken an enormous toll on everyone – our customers, our families, our communities, and our nation. The recession primarily resulted from excesses in the mortgage industry and a meltdown of the capital markets. The everyday practices of typical regional banks – taking deposits, opening savings accounts, helping parents finance their children’s education, providing credit cards and auto loans, and making it possible for small business owners to expand – had little role in the economic collapse. These activities are at the core of what we do, and they are critical to the economic recovery. While these are difficult times, this is not the moment to retreat. Every bank needs to do what it can to help customers and communities get back on their feet. Capital One is taking responsibility for doing just that.
We are working with customers who are struggling to help them pay their bills. Where possible, we are helping home loan customers modify their mortgages and stay in their homes. And we are extending billions of dollars’ worth of credit to creditworthy borrowers. For example, we have made over $8 billion of new commitments and renewals of existing commitments to middle market and small business customers. We have originated over $12 billion in auto and credit card loans, providing consumers with liquidity at a time when it was often hard to find. And we have made over $900 million of community development loans and investments, primarily for affordable housing.
We also are helping low- and moderate-income residents take charge of their financial futures. By partnering with local nonprofits and civic leaders, we are taking mainstream banking into
 6

underserved neighborhoods and assisting with affordable housing, small business, workforce training, asset and wealth building, financial education, and much more. A small sample of what we have been doing:
• We partnered with leading community organizations in Cypress Hills, Brooklyn to combine our classic “neighborhood bank” experience with community development and philanthropic services to create a force for positive
change. This branch’s impact has
been magnified by the local financing we have provided for affordable housing, matching grants that encourage customers to save for college, and the time devoted by our volunteers to teach personal finance, homeownership, and small business management skills.
• We opened student-run branches
in high schools in New York City
and Newark. They have been
extraordinarily effective in teaching students how to manage their money, giving them hands-on experience in banking, and building their confidence in themselves and in their dreams for the future.
• Because successful small businesses create jobs and vibrant neighborhoods, we have facilitated courses in business management and made investments in loan funds resulting in hundreds of micro-loans through partnerships with nonprofit organizations such as Seedco in New York and ACCION in Texas. We also have collaborated with local colleges to develop New York City’s first micro-business incubators for student entrepreneurs.
Capital One has always been a company where people roll up their sleeves and pitch in to get things done. Our associates take that same entrepreneurial spirit to their community work. They are generous with their time and their money, and they are involved in scores of nonprofit endeavors that focus on economic development, education, and financial literacy. We have partnered with programs that are turning school libraries into places that fire the imagination, helping at-risk teens stay in school, and assisting charter schools. We continue to work with Junior Achievement® on Finance Park, a miniature city where students learn the basics of personal finance through role play. Finance Park has reached over 33,000 middle-school students across the country. And with Consumer Action, we are providing financial education for teens and adults through the MoneyWi$e program, reaching more than 3 million consumers so far.
 In the Cypress Hills neighborhood of Brooklyn, we’re making construction loans and extending lines of credit to help increase the stock of affordable housing.
7

Beyond supporting our associates’ community involvement with donations, we offer flexible work schedules so that they can maximize the effectiveness of their volunteer work. In 2009, Capital One’s associates volunteered more than 84,000 hours, teaching personal finance, building homes, mentoring at-risk youth, and providing leadership guidance to nonprofits. They also contributed substantial pro bono professional services to help nonprofits with everything from marketing and
 Our associates help students learn to manage their money at Finance Park, a Capital One/Junior Achievement program with a mobile classroom that has served tens of thousands of students across the country.
information technology to finance and legal affairs. Our senior managers serve on more than 300 nonprofit boards.
The President of the United States appointed me to the President’s Council on Service and Civic Participation, which is a salute to the huge impact that our associates have had on their communities. From the company’s earliest days, our people have been working to make a meaningful difference in the lives of the people they touch. For its innovations in volunteerism, Capital One was one
of only five recipients of the 2009 Points of Light Corporate Engagement Award of Excellence, which honors outstanding employee volunteer programs. We also received the Washington Business Journal’s Community Impact Business Philanthropy Award, along with two dozen other local community service awards across our banking footprint.
The Challenges Of 2009 Gave Our Great People The Chance To Show Capital One At Its Best
The dedication and selflessness of the people of Capital One cannot be overstated. It took great people and a very special culture to pull off our transformational journey. Our Board of Directors remained focused on the long-term strategy and positioning of the company, supporting key strategic initiatives that were many years in the making. Our executive team continued to provide strong leadership, transcending silos to collaborate across departments and living the open culture essential to great risk management. They avoided the lure of immediate gratification to build a company that would prosper in good times and bad. And for years, all of our associates have driven extraordinary change across the enterprise with a sense of urgency despite significant uncertainty and challenges. It is especially rewarding for me to see their years of transformational work pay off during the financial crisis. Their collective efforts have spared us the worst of the recession. All of us remain committed to positioning Capital One to compete and win in each of our markets
 8

and to deliver the superior shareholder value that our investors deserve.
The journey is not over and big challenges
remain. We have to finish building a
scaleable bank infrastructure and recharge
growth. We also have to vigilantly manage
the potential impact of the continuing
economic and political uncertainty. But I
believe we have what we need to win over
the long run. Strong national lending
businesses. Great local banks. Balance
sheet strength. Credit discipline. A
powerful national brand. A massive
consumer franchise. And a culture that empowers Capital One’s great people to be great.
In 2009, our associates showed Capital One at its best – leading, striving for excellence, doing the right thing, and lending a hand. I am enormously grateful to them. And I count myself fortunate to have them as partners as we take up our next challenges and make the most of our new opportunities in 2010 and beyond.
Richard D. Fairbank
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 Capital One’s associates volunteered more than 84,000 hours of their time during 2009 in organizations that revitalize neighborhoods, build affordable housing, improve education and school libraries, and teach the basics of personal finance.
 9
