Chairman’s Letter to Shareholders and Friends
2011 was a standout year for Capital One. Despite the uncertain and struggling economy, we turned in a robust financial performance, driven by solid top line revenue and improving credit trends. We announced two of the biggest acquisitions in banking. We rolled out great new products. We added to our talented team of leaders and associates, invested to build a scalable bank infrastructure, and primed the pump to restart growth. We were able to deliver strong near-term performance while enhancing our ability to generate long-term value for Capital One’s shareholders.
In 2011, all three of our business segments delivered solid profitability, and our balance sheet got even stronger, with increasing capital and ample liquidity. At the same time, continuing economic and regulatory challenges, especially in Europe, created the opportunity to acquire two great U.S. franchises in businesses we know well: ING Direct® and the U.S. credit card business of HSBC®. The purchase of ING Direct makes us the leader in direct banking in the United States, and the acquisition of the U.S. credit card business of HSBC will significantly expand our card franchise.
For more than 20 years, we have worked to build an enduringly great franchise in financial services. We’ve chosen the businesses we want to be in with exceptional care. We’ve created powerful tools to manage risk. We’ve built and sustained a solid balance sheet. We’ve managed our businesses to deliver profits through boom, bust, and stagnation. Starting from square one, we created one of the best-known brands in financial services. And after building a highly successful credit card business and diversifying into other profitable and resilient consumer lending markets, we made the bold decision to transform Capital One into a full-service bank. In 2012, only seven years after our banking debut, Capital One is now the sixth largest bank (by deposits) in the United States. We’re positioned at the forefront of the digital revolution that is reshaping the world of financial services, and we think that our strategy and our strengths enable us to compete and win as banking continues to evolve.
 1

 The acquisitions we announced in 2011 are transformational
We completed the acquisition of ING Direct on February 17, 2012, and we expect to close the purchase of HSBC’s U.S. credit card business in the second quarter. We expect these new acquisitions will deliver significant financial benefits. We paid essentially no premium for ING Direct and a very low premium, relative to historical precedents, for HSBC’s U.S. credit card business. As we’ve gotten closer to both companies, we continue to like what we see. The underlying operations of both acquisitions are performing as we expected when we announced the deals, and we’re impressed with the talent and commitment of the people.
Since the deals were announced, interest rates have fallen, and most observers now expect an extended period of low interest rates. We can mitigate much of the potential impact of a “lower for longer” rate environment by substituting HSBC card loans for the lower-yielding and more rate-sensitive ING Direct assets. And compared to branch-based deposit businesses, ING Direct’s digital banking model has greater flexibility to navigate a prolonged period of low interest rates.
We expect that purchase accounting, integration expenses, and partial-year impacts on nearly all P&L line items will have a significant effect on our 2012 results. We remain on track to deliver the longer-term financial benefits of the acquisitions. We expect that the combination of Capital One, ING Direct, and the HSBC U.S. credit card business will deliver compelling financial results and EPS accretion in 2013.
The acquisitions are strategically as well as financially compelling. With more than 7 million customers and $83 billion in low-cost, stable deposits, ING Direct is, by far, the leading direct bank in the United States. ING Direct will help us achieve national reach and brand scale in consumer banking without the disruptions and preemptive costs of a series of traditional bank acquisitions.
ING Direct’s large base of loyal “early digital adopter” customers positions us at the forefront of the digital revolution in banking. ING Direct brings us direct savings and banking products and legendary customer service that can expand the power of our brand across all our products. Their customers are passionate advocates for the company and the customer experience it delivers. ING Direct’s simple, customer-friendly products and exceptionally high level of customer satisfaction will be a catalyst for improving our products and customer experience across Capital One.
ING Direct also brings us ShareBuilder, a scalable direct brokerage platform. ShareBuilder offers mainstream brokerage, investment, and retirement products that extend the winning ING Direct customer experience beyond savings and direct banking.
HSBC’s U.S. credit card business will be an excellent complement to ING Direct. Where ING Direct significantly expands our deposits, we expect the HSBC acquisition to add over 27 million active customer
 2

 3
“ With the combination of Capital One, ING Direct, and the HSBC U.S. credit card business, we are well positioned to leverage scale where it really matters and generate shareholder value at the forefront of where banking is going – consolidated, digital, and branded.”
  
accounts and nearly $30 billion in credit card loans with strong risk-adjusted returns. HSBC’s U.S. credit card business remained profitable throughout the recession. It has a well-established private label and co-branded card business with an attractive set of partners including Neiman Marcus®, Saks Fifth Avenue®, AFL-CIO®, and General Motors®. HSBC’s partnership business will catapult us to a leading position in this segment by expanding our existing partnership business and by bringing us a strong platform for more growth.
Capital One delivered solid results across all of its businesses in 2011
GAAP earnings for the year were $3.1 billion, or $6.80 per share, up $404 million year over year. Credit improved significantly. Companywide, losses dropped from $6.7 billion, or 5.18%, in 2010 to $3.8 billion, or 2.94%, in 2011 – a reduction of $2.9 billion. We returned to loan growth in 2011. Total Loans Held for Investment grew nearly $10 billion, or 8%, to $136 billion at the end of 2011.
In a year when the KBW Bank Index dropped 24.6%, Capital One’s stock held its own, closing the year at $42.29 per share, which is just about where it began.
Total Shareholder Return (TSR) was (0.2%) in 2011, and our TSR of 15.4% between January 1, 2008, and February 29, 2012, puts us in a handful of banks that delivered positive TSR over that period, which included the Great Recession and its continuing aftereffects. From our initial public offering in 1994 through February 29, 2012, Capital One produced a TSR of 975.2%.
Our credit card business produced industry-leading profitability and returned to growth in 2011
For years, our Domestic Card business has delivered superior performance. In 2011 we generated $2.3 billion of net income, up from $1.9 billion in 2010. For the sixth consecutive year, our after-tax returns on managed loans of 4.4% ranked near the top of the industry. We delivered these returns with a charge-off rate of 4.7% which was below the industry average. The strong performance of our credit card business through good times and bad is clear evidence of the power of Capital One’s information-based strategy.
We have increasing momentum in credit cards, and the trends across the business remain positive. Domestic Card balances grew 9.4%, excluding the expected runoff of our installment loan portfolio. New account bookings doubled. Our 15.5% growth in purchase volume continued to outpace the industry’s growth rate. Revenue margin remained a strong 17%. Traction in new account growth and purchase volume shows that we’re gaining market share.
Our credit card business continued to launch and roll out compelling products in 2011. Venture, our heavy-spender rewards card, was an immediate hit when it was launched early in 2010, and it has continued
  4

  to win accolades from consumer-finance media. It made Money® magazine’s “100 Best Money Moves” lists in both 2010 and 2011, and in 2011 CBS MoneyWatch named it the “Best Airline Miles Reward Card.”
Capital One Cash, which premiered in August, has been praised by the Associated Press as a great “no strings attached” cash-back product, and more than 20 media outlets have included it on their “Best Credit Card” lists. Spark, a double miles small business credit card, was launched in October. It’s off to a good start and according to the Wall Street Journal® is “raising the bar for small businesses by offering the highest value rewards in the marketplace.”
We continued to gain traction in the partnership segment of the credit card market. We added Kohl’s® and the Hudson’s Bay Company® to our card franchise, and integrated the Sony® partnership. In our Domestic Card business, the Kohl’s program added $3.6 billion in loans and more than 20 million customer accounts, while Sony contributed $700 million in loans and 600,000 customers. Hudson’s Bay Company added $1.4 billion in loans to our International Card business.
Consumer Banking at Capital One is strong and growing
Our Consumer Banking businesses include retail deposits, a mortgage portfolio, and auto finance. The Consumer Banking business delivered $810 million in net income in 2011, driven by the strong performance of the auto finance business and growth in deposits with improving interest expense rates. Loan balances were up modestly, as strong growth in auto loans was partially offset by expected runoff of the mortgage portfolio. Deposits grew 7% from the prior year, while interest expense improved by 29 basis points.
In retail deposits, where we faced substantial headwinds in the form of interest rates and regulatory changes, we moved decisively to increase revenue and cut costs. The business also improved its infrastructure and execution capabilities. We’re nearing the completion of improvements to our sales and servicing infrastructure, which will help us drive growth and profitability in retail deposits. We’ve also recruited 20 senior retail banking executives, all highly talented and with successful track records. We believe we are now well on our way toward becoming a great sales and service organization.
Capital One Auto Finance had an outstanding year, with strong profitability and returns. Losses have risen modestly but at 1.72% remain near historical lows. Originations increased to $12.5 billion, up 60% over
  5

 2010. Through our Diamond Dealer program, we have been channeling our efforts and resources into our strongest dealer relationships, a strategy that continues to pay off in earnings, credit performance, and growth. After a major turnaround, which we initiated in the depths of the recession, Capital One Auto Finance is poised to become one of the few enduring, high-quality franchises in auto finance.
In Home Loans, we kept our focus on
creating a strong platform for mortgages and managing operations as effectively and efficiently as possible. We continue to diligently manage
the rep and warranty exposure inherited with our bank deals.
Commercial Banking delivered steady growth and profitability throughout 2011
Commercial Banking turned in a strong performance, with net income of $532 million. Charge-offs, which ran at half the national average throughout the Great Recession, improved to 57 basis points. We owe our success to our conservative origination standards, the repositioning of the portfolio, and a favorable geographic footprint.
Revenues grew by 12%, thanks to loan growth of 14%, widening loan margins, and a 49% increase in non-interest income. Our Commercial Banking business remains competitively well positioned, with a focus on establishing and deepening primary banking relationships with our commercial customers, and a middle-market lending strategy based on deep industry specialization in carefully selected segments such as energy and equipment finance.
Our balance sheet is strong
Throughout the recession, we were able to keep our balance sheet in excellent shape. In an economic landscape undergoing drastic, rapid change, we maintained ample liquidity. We are largely deposit-funded, which means we face little risk from a downturn in the capital markets, and we have total liquidity reserves of $35.8 billion. We ended 2011 with a strong tangible common equity ratio of 8.2% and a Tier 1 common equity ratio of 9.7%.
From nearly 1,000 branches in carefully selected local markets, we’re serving customers in New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, Delaware, Virginia, the District of Columbia, Maryland, Louisiana, and Texas.
  6

Our brand is a powerful strategic asset
Our long-term investment in brand building is one of the best investments we’ve ever made. Our enormous customer base gives us the scale for national advertising. Through innovative television advertising, high-profile promotions and sponsorships, and integrated marketing campaigns, we’ve become one of only a handful of financial services companies with near-universal brand awareness.
In 2011 we supported our major product launches with three major campaigns: Jimmy Fallon Cash Card, Alec Baldwin Venture, and Jerry Stiller High Yield Checking. The ads scored well and helped to make the product launches successful.
A brand is a promise that, when kept, builds customer loyalty. Our newest products – Venture, Cash, Spark, the Journey card for students, Aspire in Canada, and High Yield Checking in Retail Banking – keep that promise by giving customers great deals and great customer service with no strings attached.
Our brand team continues to raise Capital One’s profile
in college sports. In 2010, we became the official bank
and credit card of the NCAA®. And we’re now in our
second year as title sponsor of the Capital One Academic
All-America® Award Program, the premier intercollegiate scholar-athlete award. These sponsorships are great marketing tools for us. They align Capital One’s products with the passion and excitement of college sports, and they enable us to design and mobilize big, integrated campaigns tied to high-profile events and properties.
We’re building our brand on Facebook, Twitter, and other social media. Our participation in these emerging channels is improving the customer experience and providing a rich, real-time opportunity for us to engage our customers and get anecdotal feedback that we can use to quickly fine-tune our products and services. Fortune® magazine named Capital One to its list of “Nine Social Media Stars” in 2011.
       Capital One is the Official Bank and Credit Card of the
Capital One has been a big winner in college sports. We’re now the official bank and credit card of the NCAA®. We’ve long been the title sponsor of the Capital One Bowl and in 2011 inaugurated the Capital One Cup, which will be awarded every year to the best men’s and best women’s athleticsprogramsinNCAA® DivisionIschools.
NCAA® is a trademark of the National Collegiate Athletic Association.
7

 8
We believe that strong communities and strong companies go hand in hand
Wherever we do business, our associates are committed to helping their communities expand economic opportunity and enhance economic well-being. Capital One’s approach, which we call Investing for Good, is both comprehensive and tightly focused – comprehensive in that it allows us to use the full range of our financial and human resources and tightly focused in that it concentrates on the needs that we’re best equipped to address: affordable housing, financial literacy, education, small business development, and workforce training.
Over the past six years, Capital One/Junior Achievement Finance Park has helped teach more than 100,000 students, supported by over 9,000 Capital One volunteers in five states.
 In 2011, Capital One’s associates volunteered 190,000 hours in their communities. They helped small business owners hone their financial and managerial skills, assisted first-time homebuyers, and taught basic financial skills, reaching more than 80,000 people. Our associates also contributed their time and talents to 84 nonprofit organizations as part of our pro bono volunteer program.
A few of Investing for Good’s tangible results in 2011: In the Gentilly section of New Orleans, where Capital One’s funding and collaboration with community groups created a highly successful program to train teachers’ aides, our local bankers have taken the lead in establishing an equally innovative program to train childcare workers. Trainees open savings accounts with Capital One, and we match their deposits up to $1,000. The money they save helps with the purchase of equipment and uniforms needed for their new
 Capital One provided a $14 million financing package to help build
The Jordan in Arlington, Virginia, which offers 90 affordable housing units for low- to middle-income households and is convenient to public transportation and local employment centers.
jobs. Each graduate of the 10-week program also receives a laptop from Capital One.
As the largest bank headquartered in the Washington, D.C. area, we are strengthening economically challenged neighborhoods in and around the nation’s capital. We’ve made a substantial commitment to affordable housing. Matthews Memorial Terrace, for which Capital One provided $16 million in construction loans, term loans, and investment capital, will add 99 rental apartments in Southeast Washington’s Barry Farm neighborhood. The construction creates employment, and the eco-friendly features of the complex will qualify it for certification by the U.S. Green Building Council.

Building on the great success of our student-run bank branches in the Bronx, Harlem, and Newark, we opened a fourth in Prince George’s County, Maryland. Based at Parkdale High School in Riverdale, it is our first student branch in the metropolitan Washington area. Supervised and mentored by Capital One bankers, students run a bona fide bank branch, offering savings accounts to their fellow students, teachers, and administrators. They also teach their fellow students the basics of personal finance. And through partnerships with local colleges and universities, they receive additional instruction. Nearly all of the student bankers from our first three student branches have gone on to college.
We have worked for years to get here
Since our founding days, we have worked to build the “bone structure” to be enduringly successful in an industry with powerful scale economies and transformational change. With the combination of Capital One, ING Direct, and the HSBC U.S. credit card business, we are well positioned to leverage scale where it really matters and to generate long-term shareholder value at the forefront of where banking is going – consolidated, digital, and branded. We’ve built a franchise that has:
• Advantaged access to both sides of the balance sheet with national assets and stable deposit funding
• Industry-leading profitability in credit cards and auto finance
• End-game positions where preemptive scale matters – national consumer assets, card partnerships, distribution, brand, digital, customers, and information, with a growth platform in brokerage – and relevant local scale in attractive markets in Retail and Commercial Banking
• A massive customer franchise with more than 74 million customer accounts – a tremendous source of potential value as we deepen customer relationships
• One of the best known and most powerful national brands in banking
We have always been single-mindedly focused on our true “line job”: recruit great people and create an environment where they can be great. We foster an open and collaborative culture that values candor and dissent, and that harnesses the “wisdom of a crowd” – crucial elements of any enduringly great enterprise in the digital age. Capital One is widely recognized as one of the best employers in corporate America. We’ve long been a regular on the “best companies” lists of leading publications and organizations that
FORTUNE is a registered trademark of Time Inc. and is used under license. From FORTUNE Magazine, February 6, 2012 © Time Inc. Used under license. FORTUNE and Time Inc. are not affiliated with, and do not endorse products or services of, Licensee. From Working Mother, October 2011 © Working Mother Media. All rights reserved. Used by permission and protected by the Copyright Laws of the United States.
    Capital One has long been known as a great place to work. A few recent honors: Fortune magazine’s 100 Best Companies to Work For® and its Top Companies for Leaders lists, Working Mother® magazine’s100BestCompaniesforWorkingMothers, and DiversityInc Top 50 Companies for Diversity®.
                                     9

monitor diversity in hiring and promotion, tolerance, and family-friendly policies. We’re proud to be on Fortune magazine’s “100 Best Companies to Work For” list and its “Top Companies for Leaders” list. We were also honored to appear again on the Working Mother “100 Best Companies” list.
Although we are well positioned, we continue to face many challenges. Like all banks, we must deal with an extended period of low interest rates and a flat yield curve. Regulatory scrutiny of banking continues to increase, and we expect higher capital requirements and higher compliance and risk-management costs. And we must do an efficient, effective job of integrating our latest acquisitions. As we execute our integrations, we’ll need to preserve and build upon the simple and powerful customer experience that ING Direct delivers today, and we’ll need to effectively manage the operational complexities of the HSBC acquisition. I am confident that we’re ready to meet all of these challenges head on.
Over the years, we’ve positioned ourselves to compete and win in banking, and to deliver long-term shareholder value through growth potential, strong returns, and strong capital generation. But how we achieve these results is just as important – to our customers, to our associates, and ultimately to our shareholders. What we do matters to people. The impact of banks on people’s lives is profound, and it’s personal. By harnessing the power of incredibly talented associates operating in an open and ethical environment and advocating for the customer, we can change the game for our customers. We can help them succeed with smarter ways to save, transact, borrow, and invest. With undeniably great products and a customer experience that is refreshingly easy, and right the first time, we can create an experience “to tell your friends about.”
More than ever before, our future is in our own hands. There is much work to do, but the opportunities are as promising as they’ve been since we began our journey over two decades ago. I am confident that the incredibly talented, dedicated, and caring people of Capital One will rise to our challenges and opportunities once again. We have worked many years to be where we are today, and I wouldn’t trade places with anyone.
Richard D. Fairbank
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 10
