 Chairman’s letter
to shareholders and Friends
In 2008, it became clear that banks were facing the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression. Housing values plummeted. The capital markets froze. Unemployment escalated. Consumers lost confidence. The federal government pumped large sums of money into the financial system broadly and into banks themselves. Many of the nation’s largest banks were ravaged by the recession as they struggled to manage their capital, liquidity, and losses.
Against this backdrop, we focused intensely on two critical imperatives. First, we hunkered down to weather the economic storm, aggressively managing credit risk and building an even stronger balance sheet. Second, we continued to position the company to compete and win on the other side of the recession. Every action in our company worked backwards from these two critical objectives.
Capital One’s financial performance suffered in the midst of the economic turbulence. Capital One’s net operating income in 2008 was $895 million, or $2.28 per share, not including a non-cash goodwill write-down of $811 million associated with the shrinking of our auto finance business. Total company earnings, including the goodwill write-down and the impacts of discontinued operations and restructuring costs, were negative for the year at ($46) million, or ($0.21) per share.
Our earnings reflected significant declines year-over-year, primarily driven by higher charge-offs across our lending businesses and the degradation of our economic outlook for the next 12 months, which caused us to add just over $1.5 billion to our allowance for loan losses in anticipation of increasing charge-offs in 2009. Capital One performed well in 2008 on a relative basis, with our total shareholder return finishing in the top 20% of the S&P financials.
Despite the challenging economy, 2008 also was a year of progress for Capital One. Many of the strategic choices we have made over the years were validated when tested by the economic storm. These critical decisions included our business mix, our banking transformation, our decreased reliance on capital markets funding, our capital and liquidity strategies, and our early exit from the GreenPoint mortgage origination business which we inherited as part of the North Fork Bank acquisition.
We further fortified our company in 2008 by successfully raising $761 million of common equity in the public equity markets, strengthening our balance sheet and providing us with the flexibility to take advantage of attractive opportunities during the downturn. Our balance sheet remained strong, with $40 billion of immediately available liquidity and a tangible common equity (TCE) ratio of 5.6% at year-end. And, on the asset side of our balance sheet, we avoided many of the significant exposures and risks that other banks have experienced, including assets which lead to large, sudden, and unexpected mark-to-market write-downs.
1
 
 2
The fundamentals of our credit card and banking businesses remained solid. U.S. Card continued to deliver strong returns on a risk-adjusted basis while generating $1 billion of net income and $1.7 billion of capital. Our company grew total deposits by 32% year-over-year, while expanding our net interest margin, despite the increasingly competitive deposit market. Total deposits at year-end were $109 billion, making us the eighth largest bank in the United States.
We continued to attack costs in 2008, reducing our operating expenses by $445 million. Disciplined expense management has been a key component of offsetting rising credit losses and driving shareholder value. Our company’s efficiency ratio improved to 43.1% in 2008, a 420 basis point improvement over 2007.
We made solid progress on building robust and scalable infrastructure, especially in our bank, while also driving improvements in our customer experience. And, in December of 2008, we announced the acquisition of Chevy Chase Bank®, a leading bank in the Washington, D.C. area, which will further expand our stable of local scale positions in desirable markets.
Our transformation from a specialty lender into a broadly diversified bank is serving us well. As we head into 2009, Capital One remains well positioned to navigate the near-term economic challenges and deliver shareholder value over the cycle.
We have a Deep heritage Of Conservatism
Having additional perspective on Capital One’s business model and risk management approach is useful context for understanding how we are managing through the current economic downturn. At Capital One, we have a deep heritage of conservatism. I have always believed that the choices a company makes during the good times will determine its fate during the bad times.
From our inception as a company, we have chosen a conservative path with respect to our business mix, credit risk management, and balance sheet management to position our company to be as resilient as possible during both good times and bad. We have always operated on the premise that the future could be worse than the past and that a recession could start tomorrow, rigorously focusing for years on building a company to weather a severe downturn.
Our conservative approaches to risk management, along with the risk management strategies of every other financial institution, are playing out right now. On the other side of the recession, we believe that there will be a revaluation of banks and their business models, and that the winners will be disproportionately rewarded. And we believe that the conservative choices we have made for two decades will create long-term value for our investors.
Our banking transformation and business mix provide resiliency
Capital One began its public company journey as a specialty credit card lender wholly reliant on the capital markets for funding. Capital One grew rapidly throughout the 1990s. Over time, we selectively diversified into other areas of consumer banking, focusing on the most robust businesses while largely avoiding less resilient businesses, like mortgages.

 During this period, the specialty lending business model was becoming an industry standard. However, we believed that this business model’s over-reliance on capital markets funding made it potentially vulnerable. In good times, the capital markets are an efficient funding source. But in bad times, we believed an economic downturn could create funding challenges during an extended period of capital markets dislocation. Funding is like oxygen. Having it 98% of the time just isn’t good enough.
We charted a course years ago to reduce our dependence on the capital markets. In 2003, we announced our intention to enter banking to provide
the stability of deposit funding and to position the company
for long-term profitable growth.
We entered banking in 2005 with the acquisition of Hibernia Bank, the largest bank in Louisiana with a growing presence in top markets in Texas. We followed with the acquisition of North Fork Bank in December of 2006, delivering Capital One a leading bank in the New York metropolitan area. And, most recently, we announced the acquisition of Chevy Chase Bank, a banking icon in the Washington, D.C. region.
Our move into local banking was well timed. The capital
markets began to close down following the subprime mortgage meltdown in April of 2007 and have been largely shut ever since. Financial companies without access to retail deposits have faced funding challenges in the grips of a ferocious economy. In addition, our entry into banking purposely concentrated the company’s businesses in two of the most profitable and resilient parts of banking – credit cards and deposits.
Our choices are serving us well. While no bank is immune to cyclical economic forces, our carefully chosen business mix, expansion into banking, avoidance of risky investments, and insulation from capital markets volatility were sources of strength and stability during 2008.
Credit risk management is job number one
Rigorous credit risk management is job number one at Capital One and is a cornerstone of our conservative business model. For two decades, we have hardwired severe economic worsening assumptions into our underwriting processes, building our company to weather a substantial economic downturn and thrive on the other side.
While we continue to aggressively seek to originate high quality and resilient loans, we are dynamically and decisively managing credit risk during this recession across our national lending and local banking businesses. We are adapting our models and processes in real time, tightening underwriting and aggressively intervening judgmentally where credit performance warrants. We are maintaining a cautious stance toward lending, exiting riskier and less resilient customer segments and geographies and selectively increasing price to build resilience. We are continuing our intense focus on the
 3

 4
collection and recovery of bad loans, with earlier contact of delinquent customers, higher intensity, and new tools to help customers get back on track. In commercial banking, we are redeploying staff from our lending operations to handle the increase in bank-owned properties. And in our local bank, we are adding staff, improving segmentation approaches, upgrading internal work-out programs, and working to improve industry debt management programs.
Managing credit risk is not just about improving credit models and ramping up collections. It is also about treating with humanity and respect customers who find themselves in difficulty. We have always had a customer hardship program. This year we implemented enhanced interest waivers, interest rate reductions, and other steps to help customers meet their debt obligations. Finding collaborative ways to solve customers’ problems by identifying solutions that accommodate their individual circumstances is a win for everyone. Many customers are able to get back on their feet, avoid charge-off, and reduce damage to their credit scores, while Capital One has the opportunity to build an ongoing relationship and generate customer loyalty.
We want to lend to qualified borrowers, and expect to originate billions of dollars in new loans in 2009. However, a fundamental premise of disciplined lending is that a customer must have the ability to pay back the loan. Making a bad loan hurts the customer, Capital One, and our investors. In this economic climate, we will remain selective about the loans we book. And we will remain focused on maintaining margins while improving the credit quality of our new originations.
We are focused on disciplined balance sheet management
Disciplined balance sheet management is another hallmark of our conservatism. Since our inception as a public company, we have obsessed about capital and liquidity. Even as we transformed into a broadly diversified bank with robust access to deposits, we retained the conservative strategies we developed as a specialty lender.
With $109 billion in deposits, and strong ongoing deposit growth, we believe that we are largely insulated from capital markets funding risks. But we always work backwards from having a balance sheet that can weather even severe capital markets dislocation.
This approach has led us to build a substantial supply of committed and available liquidity which can withstand stress scenarios that assume the capital markets are unavailable for well over a year. We estimate that our liquidity position at the end of 2008 would be sufficient to cover our funding needs well into 2010, even in such a severe stress scenario.
We have $40 billion in committed and available liquidity comprised of cash and highly rated securities, undrawn but committed conduit capacity (the vast majority of which is committed for multi-year terms) and untapped capacity for FHLB advances. Our holding company cash position is sufficient to cover over two years of corporate obligations.
Our securities portfolio also is solid. The portfolio contains no Collateralized Debt Obligations (CDOs), no Structured Investment Vehicles (SIVs), and no bank or agency issued preferred stock. Subprime

 and Alt-A exposure in the portfolio is under 1% and we hold no securities backed by option Adjustable Rate Mortgages (ARMs). In short, we do not invest in the types of securities that so far have driven the big and often unanticipated mark-to-market losses many other banks have suffered during this cycle.
We ended 2008 with a TCE ratio of 5.6%, within our long-term target range. Our regulatory capital ratios remained strong, with Tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets of 13.8%.
We further bolstered our balance sheet in September of 2008 by seizing favorable market conditions and raising $761 million in common equity in the public equity markets. The additional capital served two purposes. It better positioned our already strong company to weather the economic turmoil. And it put us in a position to capitalize on select opportunities to acquire high-quality depository institutions at attractive prices, such as our acquisition of Chevy Chase Bank.
In November of 2008, Capital One was one of the healthy banks invited to participate in the Capital Purchase Program (CPP), which allowed the U.S. Treasury to make equity investments in banks. While we were already in a strong capital position, we accepted the invitation to participate in the CPP and issued $3.55 billion of preferred stock to the U.S. Treasury. While the preferred stock does not count towards banks’ TCE ratios, it does count as Tier 1 capital. We intend to use the CPP funds for all the stated purposes of the program, including absorbing troubled assets and lending responsibly in a manner consistent with safety and soundness. We also intend to continue to work with our mortgage customers to modify loans to help them stay in their homes. And we will strive to generate appropriate returns on the capital over the cycle for all our investors, including the U.S. Treasury.
The financial crisis is likely to persist throughout 2009. Our balance sheet is the financial bedrock of our company and we believe that it will provide the necessary stability to operate through the challenging economy.
Our national lending Businesses are Building For the Future
Our U.S. Card business was challenged in 2008 by the daunting economic environment, but still generated $1 billion of net income with a managed charge-off rate of 6.33%. The reduction in net income from 2007 was largely attributable to significantly higher allowance build driven by the economic worsening. Managed loans ended the year at $71 billion, roughly flat with the year before, as asset generation in this choppy environment was purposefully tepid.
The underlying fundamentals of our credit card business remained solid. Revenues in 2008 were healthy at $10.6 billion. U.S. Card continued to drive efficiency gains, reducing expenses by 8% during the year. And U.S. Card generated $1.7 billion of capital in 2008, further fortifying the company and fueling investments and the return of capital to investors. Returns on allocated capital remained strong, in excess of 35%.
5

 6
Credit cards have proven to be resilient across economic cycles. And, year after year, credit cards continue to provide the best combination of risk-adjusted returns and credit losses of any asset class. Relative to other big players in the credit card industry, our U.S. Card business continued to outperform, delivering after-tax returns on managed loans of 1.46%. While U.S. Card faces significant risks (including further economic degradation and the prospect of legislative and regulatory changes which could impact profitability and resiliency), the business remains well positioned to successfully navigate the downturn.
Our Small Business credit card business, included in our U.S. Card segment, had $5.8 billion in managed loans at the end of 2008. Our Small Business credit cards continued to perform roughly in line with our consumer credit card portfolio, while continuing to provide a much-needed liquidity “lifeline” to the many small businesses across the country that drive our national economy.
Times were difficult for the other national lending businesses included in our U.S. Card segment. Increasing loss rates due to a rapidly worsening economy caused us to retreat to higher ground in installment lending and point-of-sale finance. Given the disproportionately poor credit performance of recent vintages, we have virtually stopped originating installment loans outside our retail banking footprint.
In Capital One Auto Finance, we pulled back significantly in 2008. We reduced originations by $6.3 billion, an almost 48% reduction versus 2007. We focused on repositioning the business in light of the extreme difficulties facing the auto industry where auto manufacturers struggled, auto sales plummeted, and used car prices collapsed (depressing recovery rates for bad loans). We improved the credit quality of our new auto loans and leveraged pricing opportunities in the face of dwindling competition. And we continued to aggressively bring down operating costs. Over time, we are building a smaller auto finance business that we believe can deliver above hurdle rate returns on a risk-adjusted basis through the cycle.
Our international businesses generated a modest profit in 2008, with solid profits in our Canadian business offsetting losses in the UK business. The UK economy continued to deteriorate, leading us to pull back and maintain a cautious stance. Losses in the UK were mainly driven by a significant allowance build in light of growing economic weakness. In contrast to the UK, our Canadian credit card business continued to perform well, with stable credit performance and solid returns aided by a relatively strong Canadian economy.
Our local Banking Business is Winning While Driving Deposit Growth
Our Local Banking business has dramatically changed the risk profile of Capital One, significantly reducing our funding risk in the current environment. But our Local Banking business is not merely a funding source. We are building a business that can win in each of its local markets in consumer, small business, and commercial banking.
Our Local Banking business substantially completed the integration and re-branding of its New York region operations in 2008. For the past year, we were often competing off our back foot as we

  7
“Capital One remains well positioned to navigate the near-term economic challenges and deliver shareholder value over the cycle.”
 
 8
completed large-scale integration activities while battling a challenging banking environment. As the year unfolded, we increasingly turned our attention to building scalable infrastructure and driving new innovative products, like Rewards Checking accounts, in each of our markets.
Local Banking delivered solid results in 2008, despite facing the most challenging banking environment perhaps in our lifetimes. During the year, we grew deposits across the company by $25.8 billion ($5.8 billion in our Local Banking segment), while expanding net interest margin. Net income for the Local Banking business in 2008 was $225 million. While charge-offs and non-performing loans increased, the charge-off rate in Local Banking in 2008 was just 50 basis points. And the credit quality and trends in our Local Banking portfolio continued to outperform most competitors across the country and in our footprint, benefiting from the relative economic strength of our local banking markets. As we go forward, we will continue aggressively managing our loan portfolio in our local markets given the credit risk arising from the damage to the financial industry in New York and the declines in energy prices affecting Louisiana and Texas.
Our Local Banking business has a favorable loan mix. We maintained relatively low exposure to construction lending, residential mortgage, and other types of lending that are being hardest hit during the economic downturn. In our $30 billion commercial loan portfolio, we have less than $3 billion in construction loans, and only about half that amount is for residential for-sale construction.
Our national direct bank, which provides world class savings products directly to consumers, continued to deliver strong deposit growth in 2008. We have been investing in that platform for many years and it is providing a brand-defining customer experience.
As we head into 2009, we will continue to focus on building strong deposit relationships and ramping up our promising consumer banking strategies across our franchise. We also will continue to support our valued commercial and small business customers. We are the funding source for our business customers and we want to help them through this difficult time, consistent with maintaining credit and pricing discipline during the downturn.
Our Local Banking team continued to perform well. They did stellar work delivering on the integration plan. The team also flawlessly executed our robust contingency plans to sustain our Gulf Coast operations through several hurricanes. And we continued to be a destination for great banking talent, attracting experienced and talented consumer and commercial bankers from across the nation.
We are Coming to Our hometown
In December of 2008, we announced the acquisition of Chevy Chase Bank, headquartered in the Washington, D.C. suburb of Bethesda, Maryland, for $520 million. The transaction was completed in the first quarter of 2009.
Chevy Chase Bank is the leading banking franchise in the Washington, D.C. area, Capital One’s corporate headquarters and hometown. Washington, D.C. is a strong and resilient banking market.

 It is the ninth largest metro area in the country by population, with above average population growth. And it has the highest per capita income and lowest unemployment rate among the top 20 metro areas in the United States. We are glad that Chevy Chase Bank will stay locally owned and that Washington, D.C. will remain the home of one of the
nation’s top 10 banks.
Chevy Chase Bank has a dominant local market position, with great branches on the best corners. It has number one branch share in the Washington, D.C. area, with 244 branches and over 1,000 ATMs. Chevy Chase Bank ranks number five in deposit share, with $13.5 billion in deposits, having focused on investing in many new branches. This franchise is a coiled spring with plenty of untapped upside potential.
Chevy Chase Bank enhances our local banking business by
improving our deposit funding base, expanding our portfolio
of attractive local banking franchises, and adding scale to our banking operations. In addition, Chevy Chase Bank provides powerful, scalable technology capabilities and a strong customer franchise which will accelerate our ability to deliver an integrated and differentiated customer experience.
The transaction is financially attractive, and should be accretive to 2009 operating profits. The credit risk of the deal, driven largely by Chevy Chase Bank’s out-of-footprint option Adjustable Rate Mortgage (ARM) portfolio, is mitigated by the estimated $1.75 billion up front mark down of those loans. To put it into perspective, the option ARM mark is equivalent to a 75% default rate with 45% severity of loss.
We are focused on executing a sure-footed integration. We have assembled a deeply experienced team to lead our integration process. And integration risk is reduced given the relatively small size of Chevy Chase Bank and by our close physical proximity.
One of the compelling aspects of the Chevy Chase Bank transaction is the quality of the people and the franchise. Mr. Frank Saul, founder and chief executive officer, started Chevy Chase Bank from one branch in Maryland in 1969. Over the next four decades, Mr. Saul built one of the nation’s best banks by relentlessly focusing on the customer, building for the long term, and doing banking the right way. Mr. Saul, and Chevy Chase Bank, are beloved in Washington, D.C. and have contributed immensely to our community. As local residents and fellow entrepreneurs ourselves, we watched firsthand with great admiration what Mr. Saul and his team built.
A common value that we share with Chevy Chase Bank is our reverence for great people. I have spent 20 years at Capital One on a quest to attract the best talent and then to give them the opportunity to be great. Mr. Saul has done the same for 40 years at Chevy Chase Bank. We are privileged to be the guardians of their great legacy and reputation in our community.
 9

 We have Built a Valuable Customer Franchise
With over 35 million customers, Capital One is one of the largest customer franchises in the United States. And we have one of the nation’s most recognizable brands, with 99% total brand awareness. We have invested in building our brand and delivering industry-leading television ads and marketing creative for many years. Our brand investments are paying off. Our brand is a significant differentiator for us against the other big banks, and well beyond the reach of the thousands of smaller banks in the country.
While we often feature credit cards in our signature national advertising, our brand is not limited to national lending. The power of the Capital One brand extends directly to local banking. Brand awareness and brand consideration in the New York market increased significantly when we re-branded North Fork Bank branches as Capital One Bank, and bumped even higher when we introduced Capital One Bank television advertising and other trade area marketing in the New York area.
Brand is not simply about television advertising. Ultimately, our brand is only as good as the underlying reality when customers experience our products and service. Our customers expect great value and convenience every time they transact with Capital One on any product, anytime, anywhere. Whether a credit card or a savings account. Online or in a branch. We are committed to delivering a convenient experience that meets our customers’ high expectations.
We invested in improving our customer infrastructure in 2008, including our online servicing capabilities with the introduction
of mobile banking, transaction and fraud alerts, secure email, and rewards improvements. We also integrated our national
lending products into our branches, enabling sales and servicing of these products for our banking customers.
We continued to make enhancements to Capital One CardLab – a new interactive, online marketplace for credit cards which puts choice and control in the hands of our customers. CardLab empowers our customers to select the combination of features most important
to them, including interest rates, annual fees, and rewards options. CardLab also enables our customers to personalize their plastics by uploading an image or photo to
be displayed on the front of the credit card – whether a favorite family photo or a picture of a beloved pet. CardLab is a hit with our customers. They love the exceptional value, transparency, convenience, and control.
In 2008, we introduced innovative travel rewards with the new No Hassle Rewards Card, which offers double miles and maximum flexibility since rewards can be redeemed for any travel-related expenses, such as airlines, hotels, cruise lines, and rental cars. We did the same for our Small Business customers, launching a Preferred No Hassle Miles Card that offers business owners double rewards on travel and entertainment services.
  10

 Rewards are not just for credit cards anymore. At Capital One, we believe that customers should be rewarded for their banking transactions. So in 2008, we launched the Capital One Rewards Checking account, a breakthrough product that enables customers to earn rewards quickly and easily for everyday banking activities, like shopping at the mall, debit card purchases, cash withdrawals, and paying bills online.
The landscape of consumer practices in the credit card industry changed in 2008 when the Federal Reserve released sweeping new rules to be implemented by mid-2010. Among other things, the new rules will ban highly criticized practices such as double-cycle billing and “universal default” (where issuers increase interest rates because of customer behavior on other loans or changes to credit bureau scores). The new rules also will change significantly how and when customers’ interest rates can be changed.
While adapting to the new rules will have a substantial cost across the industry, Capital One is well positioned to compete and win on a more level playing field. We never engaged in many of the banned practices in the first place, including double-cycle billing and universal default. And years ago we voluntarily introduced the most customer-friendly repricing policy in the industry. We already are well down the path of compliance, having made a number of these changes well before the industry was under a spotlight and before the new rules were even contemplated. We believe that our practices will continue to drive long-term customer loyalty.
Our Great People Deliver at Work and in their Communities
The greatest franchise we have at Capital One is not our credit card franchise or our banking franchise. It is our people.
Greatness often is on display during periods of adversity. Our great people at Capital One are facing perhaps the most challenging industry and economic environment in their lifetimes. They are not deterred. They continue to give it their all as they mitigate losses, re-position our businesses, and build for future growth.
Our associates challenge everything we do to make sure that we are positioning the company to win during these tough times. And they are harnessing the energy of this financial crisis by leveraging the learnings to drive changes across our company that will pay off for years to come.
My most important job as CEO has been to attract great people and then to create an environment where they can be great. We have assembled two decades of hand-picked, incredibly talented people at Capital One. Collectively, they are laser-focused on leading our company through these challenging times.
Our executive team and our board of directors continued to provide strong leadership. Their advice and guidance were instrumental with respect to many important decisions, such as our equity capital raise and the acquisition of Chevy Chase Bank.
11

 We added even more depth of talent to our board this year as Bradford (Brad) H. Warner joined us as a director. Brad spent over 30 years in banking as a senior executive at Fleet Bank® and Bank of America®, and we will benefit greatly from his decades of industry experience.
Our great people always stand ready to lend a hand to others, especially during this challenging economic period. In 2008, our associates donated tens of thousands of hours of their time to helping our communities. However, our people did not give just their time and money. They also contributed their ingenuity.
At Capital One, we feel a strong sense of duty to provide financial education, especially to kids. Working with Junior Achievement®, we set up an innovative mobile classroom called Finance Park
where kids learn how to manage a household budget through very realistic role play. We have rolled out Finance Park across our banking footprint. It has been such a tremendous hit that Fairfax County in Virginia has made it required curriculum for all 12,000 of its eighth-graders.
We also opened the first fully operational bank branch in a public school at Fordham Leadership Academy in New York. The branch is run by the students and has made such an impact that it has been visited by the Comptroller of the Currency and the head of the FDIC. Building on this success, we got the green light to build
a second student run branch in Newark (NJ) at West Side High School. The grand opening for the Newark branch was in November of 2008.
Our company continued to be recognized for its talent management and workplace practices. While we do not judge our company by awards, external recognition can validate things we already know about our culture. At Capital One, we always strive to be a great company for leaders. We were gratified to be ranked number two in North America and number five globally on Fortune’s “Best Companies for Leaders” list.
We also emphasize being a place where every person feels empowered to succeed. In 2008, we were named as one of the most adoption-friendly workplaces in America by the Dave Thomas Foundation for Adoption®, citing our adoption reimbursement and parental leave programs. We were ranked as one of the top 50 companies in America for diversity by DiversityInc® magazine. LGBT organizations continued to recognize us for our culture and policies. And our “flexible work” programs, which promote alternative and mobile work arrangements, were again hailed for the flexibility they provide to working families. Through these types of investments, we have created an environment where we attract the brightest and most motivated people from all walks of life to choose Capital One.
 12

 We are striving to Build One Of the nation’s Great Banks
We are on a mission to create one of the nation’s great banks, and we have the necessary ingredients. We have a strong balance sheet. Resilient businesses. A powerful brand. A massive customer franchise. Strong analytical capabilities. A reverence for risk management. A great banking footprint. And tremendous people.
While I like our position, the financial crisis we are facing is unprecedented and severe. No one can predict how long it will last or how deep it will be. There is tremendous uncertainty and future economic challenges likely will test our industry and our company. For example, continued economic degradation could drive credit losses substantially higher. Economic pressures in our local banking markets could lead to a worse environment for commercial banking and commercial real estate lending. Our reduction in asset originations, while responsible and necessary in the current environment, may defer future growth. And potential legislative and regulatory changes (including rules relating to regulatory oversight, bankruptcy, mortgage loan modification, credit card practices, and accounting), could significantly reshape the banking industry and impact industry profitability and resiliency. While the risks are substantial, we have spent 20 years at Capital One preparing for a severe downturn, and I believe that we are well positioned to weather the storm.
The hallmarks of Capital One’s values are “Excellence” and “Do the Right Thing.” I am grateful to our people for boldly and courageously devoting themselves to our shared quest for excellence. And I am thankful that, in achieving excellence, our people never sacrifice their deep sense of humility, authenticity, and respect for others. We have a great team at Capital One. Together, we will continue to build an enduringly great company to serve our customers, our communities, and our investors.
Richard D. Fairbank
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 13
