 Richard D. Fairbank
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Nigel W. Morris
President and Chief Operating Officer
Our Company enjoyed another year of record financial results. We saw our fourth con- secutive year of rapid growth in loans, accounts, earnings and marketing invest- ment.
To Our Stockholders:
Capital One turned in a terrific performance in 1996. While the credit card industry experienced
increasing competition and a worsening consumer credit picture, our Company enjoyed another year of record financial results. We saw our fourth consecutive year of rapid growth in loans, accounts, earnings and marketing investment. We begin 1997 in a strong position for continued success.
For 1996, our net income increased 23% to $155.3 million, or $2.30 per share, up from $126.5 million, or $1.90 per share, in 1995. Underlying growth was much greater: in addition to achieving record earnings, we increased our marketing investment by 41% to an all-time high of $207 million. The size of this investment demonstrates the strength of our commitment to future profitability and growth. Managed loans increased 23% to $12.8 billion from $10.4 billion. Our account base grew to 8.6 million from 6.1 million,
a 40% gain and the highest rate of account growth of the 10 largest credit card issuers.
Creating strong, steady, profitable growth is Capital One’s top priority.
By nearly every financial yardstick, the Company is five times larger than it was four years ago. At that time, we operated as the credit card division of
2

Signet Bank. In November 1994, when we became an independent company, we set the ambitious goal of increasing Capital One’s earnings per share by 20% a year. We exceeded the 20% mark in 1995 and in 1996. We are aiming to do it again in 1997.
The Strategy Driving Our Success
Our consistently strong growth is the result of the proprietary information- based strategy we created in 1988. Using advanced information technology and sophisticated quantitative analy- sis, we mine the vast amounts of data we have collected on millions of actual and prospective customers. We use the data and scientific methodology to test many product ideas on a small scale, allowing us to separate winners from losers before we make major commit- ments to marketing. By the time we invest in a large-scale product launch, we already know we can count on supe- rior economic returns.
The information-based strategy also gives us the ability to customize our offerings in order to get the right product to the right customer at the right time and at the right price. We now have more than 3,000 product,
pricing and feature combinations tai- lored to the individual needs and wants of our customers. By designing and pricing products to fit each customer’s financial circumstances, we have been able to add almost seven million cus- tomers in the last four years. Customization also enables us to offer our products at highly competitive rates while simultaneously generating favorable returns for Capital One.
Growth Through Constant Innovation
We believe that every business or product idea has a limited shelf life. We have been able to plan for the inevitable end of a product’s life cycle and stay ahead of the downtrend by introducing a steady stream of product innovations. For example, we were the first to offer the balance transfer prod- uct nationwide, and it was a tremen- dous success. But, like most successful product innovations, it drew a crowd
of competitors and, over time, became less profitable. Anticipating this devel- opment well in advance, we steadily scaled up our investment in a new, second generation of products even while the balance transfer product was still enjoying strong growth.
These second generation products, which capitalize on our ability to cus- tomize offerings for a wide range of
The information-based strategy gives us the ability to customize our offerings in order to get the right prod- uct to the right cus- tomer at the right time and at the right price.
We have been able to plan for the inevitable end of a product’s
life cycle and stay ahead of the down- trend by introducing a steady stream of product innovations.
3

Our information-based strategy gives us the data and the tools
to manage risk effec- tively. We use sophis- ticated models to analyze risk, and we base our decisions on highly conservative forecasts.
specialty segments, include secured cards, college student cards, affinity cards and a variety of cards for under- served markets. These products tend to have lower credit limits, slower asset growth, higher operational costs, and somewhat higher delinquencies and charge-offs. But their most salient characteristic is their high profitability, due to our customized pricing and the fact that competition is less intense in these specialty markets.
Strong Gains in a
Difficult Credit Environment
These new products, coupled with introductory-rate repricings, have con- tributed to a dramatic surge in rev- enue. In 1996, Capital One’s total rev- enue (managed net interest income plus non-interest income) grew 63% to $1.5 billion from $906 million in 1995. Put another way, risk adjusted revenue (total revenue less charge-offs) rose to a record 8.02% of average earning assets in 1996 from 6.99% in 1995. While our margins expanded, many of our com- petitors suffered shrinking returns.
Our information-based strategy also gives us the ability to make oppor- tunistic moves even with mature prod- ucts. Despite decreasing our market- ing emphasis on the balance transfer product in 1996, we continued exten- sive research and testing in this arena. Out of these efforts came a number
of important breakthroughs, which we have begun to market.
Conservative
Risk Management
Consumer credit is a cyclical business and, unlike many industry observers, we believe that the problems of the current cycle have yet to peak. Our information-based strategy gives us the data and the tools to manage risk effectively. We use sophisticated mod- els to analyze risk, and we base
our decisions on highly conservative forecasts.
To minimize total credit exposure, our average credit lines are well below the industry average ($3,100 versus $5,700). Products are also priced and structured to provide appropriate risk coverage at the individual customer level. Anticipating a rise in credit loss- es again in 1997, we added to our reserves. And our margins are suffi- ciently large to cushion the impact of
4

substantial increases in charge-offs, whether from a continued oversupply of credit or an economic downturn. The combination of our strategy and our conservatism was critical to our record performance in a difficult year for the credit card business.
Also important to Capital One’s con- tinued strong growth has been our abil- ity to harness the power of cutting-edge information technology and use it to create a highly flexible operating infra- structure. This infrastructure allows
us to bring new ideas to market much more quickly than our competition.
Our success in integrating informa- tion technology into every aspect of
our business earned Capital One the Gartner Group’s 1996 Excellence in Technology Award. Given annually
to only one company in the United States, the award is one of the most prestigious in its field. Past winners include UPS, American Airlines and Federal Express.
Recruiting Top Performers
To keep pace with our rapid growth, we added nearly 2,000 associates in 1996, ending the year with 5,800 employees. We are especially proud that we com-
pleted this large-scale hiring without compromising our exacting standards. We are committed to recruiting top per- formers for every job because the speed, scope and complexity of our daily activ- ities demand the best efforts of the best people. At year-end, more than 30% of our associates were owners of Capital One stock—evidence that the people of Capital One clearly believe in the Company and have aligned their per- sonal interests with our goal of creating long-term value for stockholders.
Geographically and organizational- ly, we have continued to diversify. During 1996, we added two operational centers in Richmond and one in the Dallas-Fort Worth area. A major expan- sion is also under way in Tampa. Additionally, we established Capital One, F.S.B. in Falls Church, Virginia and opened a branch of Capital One Bank in London. These new operations will allow us to develop new products, expand our customer base and enter new markets.
Developing the Next Generation of Products
As 1997 begins, we remain hard at work testing a third generation of inno- vations. Despite being one of the nation’s 10 largest credit card issuers, we have always seen ourselves as infor- mation-based marketers rather than as
The combination of our strategy and our conservatism was critical to our record performance in a difficult year for the credit card business.
Our success in inte- grating information technology into every aspect of our business earned Capital One the Gartner Group’s 1996 Excellence in Technology Award.
5

As the information revolution increasing- ly transforms other consumer products and services, we believe our strategy and technology will enable us to seize
a competitive advan- tage in the market- place.
a credit card company. As the informa- tion revolution increasingly transforms other consumer products and services, we believe our strategy and technology will enable us to seize a competitive advantage in the marketplace. We have identified certain key industries, both financial and non-financial, and in some cases have begun more extensive test-based exploration.
Our initial non-financial offering, a telecommunications product, was intro- duced in late 1995. However, we will continue to keep most of our develop- ment efforts under wraps. By pursuing ideas quietly, Capital One often has been first to market—a key competitive advantage in a business environment as fast-changing and imitative as ours.
Guiding Principles
Ahead, we see an abundance of oppor- tunities for strong growth. Some will come from changes we make—invent- ing new products, serving new cus- tomers, opening new markets at home and abroad. Some will come from conti- nuity—from our passionate commit- ment to the eight guiding principles behind Capital One’s remarkable growth. These principles, featured in a special section that starts on page 7, are the essence of Capital One.
But the real power of our principles is unleashed by the people charged with turning them into action. We are proud of our associates for all they
have done to help execute our unique strategy, create and market products that meet the needs of millions of cus- tomers, and serve those customers well. Our principles, and the company-wide commitment to them, are what have enabled Capital One to grow so fast
in such a short period. These principles are timeless, so we are confident that they will serve us as well in the future as they have in the past.
Richard D. Fairbank
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Nigel W. Morris
President and Chief Operating Officer
  6
