Chairman's Letter to Shareholders and Friends
Since our founding days, we've been on a quest to build an enduringly great company with the scale, talent, capabilities, and financial strength to compete and win as banking rapidly evolves. Our performance in 2015 both reflected and advanced those aspirations. We're delivering profitable, resilient growth while investing to generate strong and sustainable long-term returns. We're accelerating our efforts to transform ourselves into a leading information-based technology company. We're helping our customers succeed and building a loyal customer franchise. And we're fostering a culture where great talent can be great.

Our Businesses Are Strong
Capital One® was founded on the belief that technology and information could revolutionize the credit card industry. Two decades later, those convictions continue to guide us and our domestic credit card business is thriving. Loans grew 13.2% in 2015, well ahead of the industry average of 3.4%. Our purchase volume growth of 18.2% also outpaced the industry average of 7.1%. Compelling products, bold marketing, innovative digital tools, and an exceptional customer experience are fueling our growth. In 2015, we welcomed millions of new customers to Capital One. Our customers are making Capital One their card of choice. We're experiencing high first-in-wallet rates and record low attrition. Venture® is a premier travel credit card that offers unlimited double miles that customers can actually use. Quicksilver® is our flagship cash-back card that pays 1.5% back on every purchase, every day, and with no games or limits. Our Spark Business® credit card provides savvy business owners the choice of unlimited double miles or 2% cash back. And our Spark Business Unlimited checking account, which offers unlimited transactions and free cash deposits, was recognized by Money ® magazine as the best standalone business checking account for the third consecutive year. Our simple, straightforward products are winning with consumers. We brought innovative digital tools to our customers in 2015. For example, we launched our new servicing platform that provides a unified customer service experience across mobile and web. With the launch of the Capital One WalletSM

FLAGSHIP PRODUCTS
Capital One's clear, compelling products are winning in the marketplace, as millions of consumers enjoy superior rewards with no restrictions, limits, or catches.

LEADING DIGITAL TOOLS
Our servicing and Wallet apps earn rave reviews. Customers can manage their finances and track their spending in real time and in ways that work for them: anywhere, anytime, and on any device.

on Android®, we were the first U.S. issuer app with contactless payments. Our flagship servicing app and the Capital One Wallet are two of the highest rated apps in financial services. In 2015, we continued to invest in our servicing experience and delivered a strong improvement in customer advocacy and net promoter scores. We're helping our customers use credit wisely. We encourage borrowers to pay more than the minimum and educate them about the benefits of paying down balances. Our alert and auto pay features help people manage their money and pay on time. CreditWise®, our free credit tracking tool, helps anyone in America ­ whether a Capital One customer or not ­ better understand and optimize his or her credit score. And millions of our cardholders are
ICONIC TV ADS
Bold marketing brings our innovative products to life. Jennifer Garner and Samuel L. Jackson make the clear, persuasive case that Capital One should be in your wallet.

benefiting from our Second Look® feature, which provides automatic notices of unwanted or suspicious account activity. Our long-term investments in creating a bold, powerful brand are driving growth. We continued our iconic ad campaigns with Samuel L. Jackson for Quicksilver and Jennifer Garner for Venture. We expanded our already strong position in college sports. And we won two Bronze CLIO Sports

AUTO NAVIGATOR
We're providing customers with a better car-buying experience. Before they step onto a dealer's lot, customers can search inventory, pricing, vehicle history, financing terms, monthly payments, and dealer reviews. All in one place.

Awards for our "Road Trip" Final Four® campaign, featuring Samuel L. Jackson, Spike Lee, and Charles Barkley as they traveled to "In the Annapolis." 2015 was our second year hosting the Capital One Orange Bowl®, which this year served as the semi-final College Football Playoff game. We maintained our strong social media presence across every major platform, and our social listening and servicing efforts helped us engage with customers in an authentic, helpful, and human way. Great products, service, and marketing are not ends in themselves. We measure our efforts by the success our customers enjoy and the advocacy they exhibit. We are succeeding because they are succeeding. And that success is powering our growth and strengthening our franchise. Our businesses posted solid results in 2015 while investing to generate future growth and returns. Our credit card business generated $2.35 billion in net income. We continued to focus

4

on the key drivers of sustained success: simple and compelling products, disciplined underwriting, great digital marketing, and an exceptional customer experience. Our consumer banking business, which includes auto finance, home loans, and retail banking, delivered net income of $1.03 billion in 2015. The business is poised for a more digital future. Auto finance continued to deliver strong originations and returns and introduced Auto Navigator® and Dealer NavigatorSM, two innovative digital tools that enable a dynamic end-to-end car shopping and financing experience. The retail bank is combining capabilities from our digital and branch banking businesses to lead our branch transformation and to create and test Capital One Cafés in attractive markets such as Boston, New York, and San Francisco.
CAPITAL ONE HEALTHCARE

We continued to help our commercial clients grow their businesses and invest for the future. Commercial banking net income was $570 million in 2015. Credit performance remained strong for the majority of our commercial businesses, although credit pressures continued in the energy portfolio. As part of our specialty strategy, the commercial bank continued to develop expert talent and customized products and services. In 2015, we completed the acquisition of the GE Healthcare Finance® business, which catapulted us to a leading position in this attractive and growing specialty market.

We welcomed hundreds of new commercial healthcare clients that are served by a talented team of experienced professionals. Combining our deep expertise and relationships with the financial strength and capabilities of a leading bank will help our clients grow and invest for the future.

We Are Building a Leading InformationBased Technology Company
In our first Annual Report twenty years ago, we wrote: Capital One is an Information Age company built to leverage technology and knowledge capital for rapid exploitation of market opportunities. Important to Capital One's continued strong growth has been our ability to harness the power of cutting-edge information technology and use it to create a highly flexible operating infrastructure. This infrastructure allows us to bring new ideas to market much more quickly than our competition. The dynamics that drove our strategy then are even more profound today. We live in a world where the pace of innovation is breathtaking and the forces of disruption present defining strategic opportunities and risks. Tech companies

CAPITAL ONE CAFÉS
In cities across the country, we are reimagining banking by combining face-to-face human connections with modern, digital tools. Our cafés serve as hubs for the community and a place to learn about how Capital One can help people achieve their financial goals.

5

around the world, from the biggest names to well-funded start-ups, are vying to become the front door to banking. To put ourselves in a position to win as digital redefines banking, we are building the talent and capabilities of a leading information-based technology company. While there is still plenty of work to do, we have reached a tipping point where our investments in technology and digital are starting to have a multiplicative impact on our ability to operate like a native digital company and deliver a great digital experience for our customers.
GRACE HOPPER CELEBRATION OF WOMEN IN COMPUTING
This is the largest gathering of women technologists in the world. This year, Capital One was one of five Diamond Sponsors, joining Apple®, Google®, Cisco®, and Microsoft®. More than 150 of our associates joined 12,000 attendees in supporting women in technology and sharing the latest developments in engineering.

Building a world-class technology and information company starts with people. In 2015, we continued to add talented executives and associates from leading tech companies in areas such as information security, cloud infrastructure, data technology, and mobile and web development. We continued to focus on attracting top engineers, product managers, data scientists, and designers. We doubled our campus hiring in 2015, and our technology college intern program, a great source of talent, was ranked #12 across all industries by Vault.com and Business Insider ®. We also continued to enhance our leadership, capabilities, and talent through small technology acquisitions. In 2015, we acquired Monsoon, a leading mobile and web development company in Oakland, California. We fully integrated Adaptive Path®, the legendary design firm we acquired in 2014, and the team is now delivering results across the company. Engaging deeply in the technology community is essential to attracting great digital talent. We sponsored the Grace Hopper Celebration of Women in Computing ® conference ­ the epicenter of women in technology. We also sponsored Women Who Code, Black Girls Code, and many other organizations. We were a primary sponsor of SXSW, hosting fireside chats, demos, social events, and concerts. And we continued Adaptive Path's innovative world-wide design conferences, including UX Week and MX: Managing Design. We are arming our associates with cutting-edge tools and training. We are transforming our workspaces to attract the best digital and technology talent, drive innovation, and enable new ways to work. In 2015, we opened

ADAPTIVE PATH & UX WEEK
2015 marked the 13th year of Adaptive Path's UX Week and the first since we acquired the legendary design firm. The goal of UX Week is to both inspire the digital design community and develop new talent, technology, and skills for Capital One. This year's conference was bigger than ever.

6

a new Capital One Labs building in the Flatiron District of New York City and a new digital facility in San Francisco. We revamped spaces in Chicago and across our company footprint to align with our collaborative digital model. Great workspace design is now a calling card for Capital One. Our offices were featured in FORTUNE and Inc. as some of the coolest designs in America. While investments in foundational infrastructure are not the most visible aspects of our digital journey, they are the most critical. We are investing in modern architecture and a technology stack that enables rapid innovation and real-time software development. To build a great company we must have great underlying infrastructure. It enables everything we do. Iterative software development methods and modern architecture are accelerating our innovation. We're building reusable services and have embraced the open source movement. Our increasing use of the cloud enables fast, efficient development and deployment of software. Great design will be an important differentiator for banks, and we have widely adopted modern design principles that help us understand our customers, rapidly develop prototypes, and test new ideas. And our deep heritage as an informationbased company continues to enable our shift to big data technologies. Our digital efforts are helping to drive growth, increase productivity, and improve our customer experience.
INSPIRING WORKSPACES

Growth and Investments Shaped Our Financial Performance
In 2015, we invested to capitalize on a growth window in our credit card business and to position ourselves for the sweeping digital transformation of our industry. Our company performance was defined by growth in domestic card loan balances and purchase volumes, which drove strong year-over-year revenue growth. Increases in marketing and operating expenses partially offset revenue growth. While credit quality remained

Great people deserve great space. We're reimagining our work environment to promote creativity, foster collaboration, and develop new ways to work.

7

strong and stable, the provision for credit losses increased as a result of higher allowance for loan losses, primarily driven by domestic card loan growth. Net income was $4.05 billion, down $378 million from 2014, and earnings per share declined from $7.59 to $7.07. Return on average tangible common equity was 12.9%, down from 2014, but still well above both our cost of capital and the banking industry average. Strong capital levels, coupled with solid capital management processes, enabled us to pass the 2015 Federal Reserve CCAR stress test and increase our quarterly dividend to forty cents per share beginning in the second quarter of the year. We also completed $2.375 billion in common share repurchases in 2015. We remain well positioned to generate and distribute capital to shareholders, and we believe that capital distribution will continue to be an important and enduring part of how we deliver shareholder value. 2015 was a volatile year for the stock market and for banks. The KBW Bank Index declined -1.6%. Against that backdrop, Capital One's total shareholder return (TSR) in 2015 was -10.9% and our stock price closed the year at $72.18 per share. We have delivered value to our shareholders over the long term. Our three-year TSR was 30.9%, and our five-year TSR was 79.6%. Since we went public in November 1994, Capital One's TSR is 1,515.1%, well ahead of the KBW Bank Index return of 175.2% over the same time period. Our 2015 results and the choices that drove them have put us in a strong position to deliver attractive shareholder returns and distribute significant capital, with growth and
A GREAT PLACE FOR GREAT TALENT
Our success is driven by our people. Their skill, passion, and humanity help our customers succeed.

profitability at the higher end of banks.

We Are Helping Our Associates and Our Communities Thrive
For over twenty years, we have worked tirelessly to assemble an amazing team of associates, people who represent a diversity of backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences. From our founding days, I have always known that the most important part of my job, and the highest calling in our company, is to find great people and give them the chance to be great.

8

In 2015, we added thousands of talented new associates. Our people thrive in an environment where collaboration and openness are valued. We are committed to diversity and inclusion and believe that teamwork and respect for each other lead to superior results. And we've built a culture based on the meritocracy of ideas ­ no matter their origin ­ and a company where performance is celebrated and rewarded. Capital One continues to be widely recognized as a great place to work. In 2015, Capital One made FORTUNE magazine's list of 25 "Blue Ribbon" companies that were recognized on four or more FORTUNE lists, including the Fortune Global 500 ®, the Fortune 500 ®, and the World's Most Admired Companies. We were also named one of FORTUNE 's "100 Best Companies to Work For," one of only 11 large companies to make the list. The Great Place to Work Institute again named us a "Best Workplace" in Canada and awarded Capital One top honors as the "Best Workplace" in the UK. And we were one of Working Mother 's "100 Best Companies for Working Mothers." We are deeply committed to hiring military veterans and spouses, and we were named as one of Military Times ' "Best for Vets." We were also named one of the "Top 50 Companies for Executive Women" by the National Association for Female Executives, and one of the Human Rights Campaign Foundation's "Best Places to Work for LGBT Equality." From our veteran commercial bankers to our newest contact center trainees, Capital One associates work tirelessly on behalf of customers, clients, and communities. They elevate each other and obsess about doing the right thing. They serve with humility and a deep respect for their responsibility in helping our customers achieve their goals and realize their dreams. We owe our success to this talented team of people, and I am profoundly grateful for all that they do. Outside of the office, our associates are incredibly generous with their talents and time. In 2015, Capital One associates spent more than 366,000 hours in volunteer service, working in hundreds of community and charitable programs. The company gave $46.6 million to nonprofit organizations that help build economic opportunity in communities where our associates and customers live and work. And Capital One provided more than $1.4 billion in loans and investments last year, helping to create more than 11,000 affordable places to live and more than 13,000 jobs.
TM

9

Technology is changing at a rapid pace. However, many people don't have access to the digital world due to gaps in education, skills, and financial resources. Capital One is dedicated to providing opportunities and resources that will enable more people to succeed in an ever-changing digital economy. In 2015, Capital One launched Future EdgeSM, a five-year program to invest $150 million in community grants and initiatives to help people develop digital skills for the jobs of today and tomorrow. At Capital One, we believe that our businesses can be successful only when our communities are healthy and vibrant. We're providing resources and education to help individuals, families, and business owners thrive today and in the future.

We Are Seizing the Opportunity
This is an electrifying time in human history. Years of hard work and bold decisions have put us in a strong position to capitalize on opportunities as banking is transformed. Our businesses and balance sheet are strong. We have a bold and iconic brand.
BUILDING STRONG COMMUNITIES
In 2015, Capital One launched Future Edge, an exciting and innovative program that helps prepare people for the jobs of tomorrow. College March, which promotes college access for all, and Capital One Coders, which teaches middle school students how to code, are two examples of how we bring Future Edge to life.

We're building a leading information-based technology company. Our customers are advocates. Our people are all-in. While much work remains, we're on a mission to change banking for good and build one of America's great companies.

Richard D. Fairbank Chair, Chief Executive Officer and President

10

