Chairman’s Letter to Shareholders and Friends
In 2010 Capital One emerged from the Great Recession as one of the nation’s strong banks. As a result of our proactive, multi-year strategy to transform the Company into a bank, we avoided the fate suffered by capital markets-funded specialty lenders. We’ve become one of the leading banks in the United States by combining the best aspects of national scale and local banking.
Over the past three years, we successfully weathered the impact of three sweeping external forces – the Great Recession, the most significant financial legislative and regulatory reforms in generations (including the CARD Act and the Dodd-Frank Act), and balance sheet consolidation under new accounting rules (FAS 166/167). Along the way, we made major strides in many key areas, including bank infrastructure, customer service, new products and partnerships, capital management, and attracting and developing great talent. These moves have positioned us to grow organically, capitalize on opportunities created by the market turmoil, and continue to deliver long-term shareholder value.
Capital One delivered solid results in 2010, driven by strong earnings and improved credit
Operating earnings were $3.1 billion, or $6.68 per share, with GAAP earnings of $2.7 billion, or $6.01 per share. Charge-offs fell to $6.7 billion, or 5.2%, from $8.4 billion, or 5.9%, a year earlier – an improvement of $1.7 billion. Capital One was among a handful of banks that posted annual operating profits in each year of the recession, and 2010’s results were considerably stronger than 2009’s.
Our businesses delivered strong core results in 2010, posting $1.3 billion in net income before the impacts of changes in our allowance for loan losses. Several factors impacted our allowance for loan losses in 2010. Loan balances declined in response to our tighter underwriting and weak consumer demand. Credit improved significantly as our national lending businesses passed the cyclical peak in charge-offs and delinquencies. And with the FAS 166/167 accounting change, we brought more than $45 billion in loans onto our balance sheet and built our allowance for loan losses by over $4 billion at the beginning of 2010. The cumulative impact of these factors was a significant allowance release, which added to our 2010 net income.
Our stock price rose 11% in 2010, to $42.56 per share at year-end, and continued to rise in early 2011. At the end of February, our stock price had risen to $49.77, a year-to-date increase of 16.9%, and an increase of 29.8% from the beginning of 2010. Through February 2011, total shareholder return since our initial public offering in 1994 has been 952.9%, compared to total shareholder returns of 101.1% in the KBW Bank Index and 185.1% in the S&P 500® Stock Index over that same time period.
1

Our Credit Card business continues to produce industry-leading returns
Capital One’s card business had an outstanding year. After two years at the billion-dollar mark, net income nearly doubled, to $1.9 billion, in 2010. After-tax returns on managed loans were 3.4%, the highest in the industry for the sixth straight year, with mid-pack credit losses.
By the end of 2010 we had implemented substantially all the requirements of the CARD Act. Our adjustment was relatively smooth, primarily because we did not rely on many of the practices it banned – practices such as long 0% balance transfer teasers coupled with aggressive penalty repricing. Our revenue margin is close to its pre-recession, pre-CARD Act level, and our business model is largely intact. Capital One is in an excellent position to gain market share on the newly leveled playing field created by the CARD Act.
We launched several breakthrough cards in 2010. Venture Rewards and
Venture for Business provide double rewards on all purchases. Rewards don’t expire, and cardholders can redeem miles to fly on any airline with no
blackout dates. Money ® Magazine called Venture the “Best Rewards Card if you aim to rack up airline miles,” and its exceptional value has won praise from
Time ®, Newsweek ®, ABC News®, CBS News®, CNNMoney ®, and Consumer
Reports®. Consumer response to initial marketing campaigns has been
excellent. Aspire World MasterCard®, a similar product tailored to the Canadian market, has also been a big hit.
The card business is opening significant new channels by
forming partnerships with leading retailers like Kohl’s® in the
United States and Hudson’s Bay Company® in Canada. We also launchedtwoco-brandedcards,theSonyCardSM fromCapitalOne
in the United States and the Delta SkyMiles® World MasterCard®
from Capital One in Canada. Our new partners greatly expand
our customer universe, and our partners benefit from many of Capital One’s great
strengths: our powerful brand; our award-winning customer service; and our proven skills in underwriting, product innovation, and marketing.
Capital One has always worked hard to deliver high-quality customer service, but this year’s drive to do even better for our cardholders produced significant enhancements. We’ve sharpened execution across the
   2

 “ We’ve become one of the leading banks in the United States by combining the best aspects of national-scale lending and local-scale consumer and commercial banking”.
3

4
board, tailored phone service by customer segment, and improved our Web site, a benefit to all customers but especially to those who like to manage their accounts online. The payoffs: customer satisfaction rose dramatically, and our High Value Servicing team received the International Customer Management Institute’s (ICMI®) coveted Global Call Center of the Year Award as well as the prestigious Call Center CertificationSM Program from J.D. Power and Associates.
Our risk operations team has provided assistance to millions of cardholders impacted by the recession. The team’s dedication to the task is just one example of the extra effort we’ve made to help our customers and communities through these hard times. We lent a hand because it was the right thing to do for our customers. It’s the right thing to do for our shareholders, too. The work of our risk operations team enhanced customer loyalty and helped to retain billions of dollars in loans.
Capital One’s international businesses are performing well, and posted net income of $376 million in 2010. In the UK, we’ve successfully navigated severe cyclical challenges and completed a successful turnaround to deliver strong profits. Canada generally fared better than many other parts of the world during the recession, and our Canadian business continued to deliver steady profitability.
Consumer Banking delivered strong profits, improving credit, and outstanding growth in low-cost deposits and high-value customer relationships
Consumer Banking at Capital One includes our Retail Deposits business, our Mortgage portfolio, and our Auto Finance business. Net income for 2010 was $906 million. Net charge-offs improved significantly over the course of the year, to 1.98% from 2.85%.
Deposits in our Consumer Banking business increased $8.8 billion, to $83 billion, and we have shifted the mix away from higher-cost time deposits toward lower-cost liquid savings and checking accounts. The mix shift, along with disciplined deposit pricing, improved our deposit interest expense by 28 basis points in 2010, to 1.13%, which lowers our overall funding costs and adds even more strength to the balance sheet. In the process, we are attracting high-value customers, and as we deepen our relationships with them, we can grow both loans and revenues.
Although Capital One’s Consumer Banking business inherited troubled mortgages in banking acquisitions, mortgages now account for only about $12 billion, or 9.6%, of Capital One’s total loans. On the whole, credit results for the mortgage portfolio have been relatively strong through the downturn, with charge-off rates below 1% and non-performing asset levels below those of most of our competitors. About $5 billion of these mortgages were originated by Chevy Chase Bank. We “marked” these loans at the time of the acquisition, so we believe our credit metrics and income statement are largely insulated from the credit risk of these loans.

We remain focused on managing and reducing the mortgage portfolio’s credit risks. Although we expect that further declines in home prices will put additional pressure on mortgage credit in 2011, we believe that our portfolio will continue to perform relatively well.
We shut down the out-of-footprint national mortgage origination business early in the cycle (in August 2007), but Capital One is still exposed to rep and warranty risks for mortgage loans made and sold prior to that time. While the mortgages
giving rise to this risk came with our
bank purchases, which proved to be essential given the subsequent economic collapse, there will be a long tail of mortgage exposure to work through.
Early in the recession, we retrenched
and repositioned our Auto Finance
business, scaling back originations
from $13.2 billion in 2007 to $5.3
billion in 2009. We also cut the expense
base by over 25%. We launched
our “Diamond Dealer” program to
concentrate on Capital One’s deepest
and best dealer relationships. In
2010 our Auto Finance business
really turned the corner. Profits were
very strong, and originations grew to
nearly $8 billion. By the second half
of 2010, originations were running at an annualized rate of over $9 billion. Credit improved dramatically, with charge-offs falling from 4.55% to just 2.65%. Capital One Auto Finance remains one of the industry’s best-positioned national players.
We converted Chevy Chase Bank to the Capital One brand in 2010. Capital One is the only top-ten bank headquartered in the nation’s capital. We have the most branches and ATMs in the Washington, D.C., metropolitan area, which is one of the the premier banking markets in the country.
In 2010 we also built a unified, scalable banking infrastructure across our footprint, from New York and New Jersey to Washington to Louisiana and Texas. The common platform means better customer service, lower operational risk, and lower costs. It also creates new revenue opportunities.
 5

                       Commercial Banking held its own through the worst of the commercial credit cycle
Despite the distress in commercial real estate and mid-market commercial lending markets, our Commercial Banking business posted net income of $160 million in 2010. Revenue increased 12% as a result of improving loan margins, growth in our deposit book, and higher non-interest income. Credit performance remains relatively strong, with the charge-off rate in the 1% range. Non-performing assets were down $248 million at year-end from their peak in the first quarter of 2010. Deposits grew by $2.2 billion, to $22.6 billion, while deposit interest expense improved 19 basis points, to just 0.61%.
ll rights reserved.
  Sport & Health Business Owner Jonathan Adler
Capital One Commercial Banker Rich Amador
     We’re rolling up our sleeves to help D.C. businesses grow.
wned bank cial banker, and create
   Products and services offereCdabpyiCtalpOitanl eOne, N.A., Member FDIC. ©2010 Capital One. Capital One is a federally registered service mark. A Business Banker
Dean Beeson
Deloach Marine Services Owner Z. Dave Deloach
Get onboard with the hardest working bankers in business.
It takes more than great banking to grow a business like Z. Dave’s towboat operation. It takes a banker like Dean, who’s ready to roll up his sleeves and learn the ropes of your small business, helping out with everything from cash flow tools to cargo, from payloads to payroll.
To learn more, stop by a branch, call 1-888-755-BANK,
or visit capitalonebank.com/smallbusiness. ®
                                  When D.C.’s largest locally owned health club was looking to expand, they turned to the area’s largest locally o for help. With Capital One Bank®, Sport & Health plans to open new clubs every year. Their Capital One commer Rich Amador, is working hard to provide the financing and cash flow tools they need to grow their business jobs in the Washington, D.C. area.
To learn more visit capitalonebank.com
                       6
With the worst of the commercial credit cycle behind us, we expect to grow low-risk commercial loans in 2011. Increased emphasis on treasury management services and stronger relationships with our commercial customers drove the growth in non-interest income in 2010 and is expected to generate more revenue growth opportunities in 2011. We’re delivering strong commercial deposit growth at attractive spreads, and deposit growth brings new customers and strengthens existing relationships. We can generate future loan and revenue growth by expanding these relationships.
Our balance sheet is a major source of strength
Our Commercial and Small Business bankers have the expertise and are willing to go the extra mile to help make our customers successful.
Throughout the recession, our analytical rigor and vigilance kept our balance sheet strong, reduced our risk, and helped us identify and seize opportunities as they arose in the rapidly changing economic landscape.
In 2010 we added $8.8 billion in retail deposits, which are a stable, low-cost source of funding. At year-end, our loan-to-deposit ratio had fallen to 1.03. We also have a $41.5 billion portfolio of high-quality securities, which is a storehouse of readily available liquidity and a source of significant earnings.
We ended the year in a strong capital position. Our tangible common equity (TCE) ratio was 6.9%, and our Tier 1 common ratio was 8.8%. We are one of the few banks that did not have to significantly dilute shareholders with costly equity raises to address the challenges of the Great Recession.
Products and services offered by Capital One, N.A., Member FDIC. ©2010 Capital One. Capital One is a federally registered service mark. All rights reserved.

We continue to be very comfortable with our capital and its expected trajectory. TCE has improved consistently. Regulatory ratios should rise steadily after a temporary decline in the first quarter of 2011, resulting from the final phase-in of the new accounting rules and an increase in disallowed deferred tax assets that came with the turn of the calendar year. We expect that Basel III, the latest update of the international Basel Accords on financial regulation, will not have significant effects on Capital One. In 2011, years before the new accords take effect, our capital should exceed Basel III required minimums and conservation buffers.
Our powerful brand is a critical strategic asset
The long-term investment we have made in building a strong brand continues to pay off. Capital One is now one of a handful of financial services companies with a brand that has achieved near-universal awareness and the scale to advertise on a national level. A brand is a promise, and brand strength comes from keeping the promise year after year, with great products, great value, and great service. For us, that means constant innovation and constant improvement. We also work
hard to make sure that Capital One shareholders are getting the most out of our media expenditures. Our ads continue to outscore those of our competitors, ensuring that consumers remember our ads, our brand, and the compelling reasons to do business with Capital One. Our “Visigoths” were recently recognized by Ad Age® magazine as one of the top-ten advertising icons of the decade.
 We also use high-profile sponsorship of college sports to maintain the visibility of our brand, with events such as the Capital One Bowl, ESPN® Bowl Week, and the Capital One Mascot Challenge. In 2010 Capital One became an official NCAA® Corporate Champion and the official bank and credit card of the NCAA®. We also introduced the Capital One Cup, an annual award for cumulative on-field performance in college athletics. The winning schools will take home the Capital One Cup Trophy plus $200,000 in graduate-level scholarships for student athletes.
Capital One’s TV ads continue to lead the banking industry in brand association and enjoyment, and our “Visigoths” have just been named one of the top-ten advertising icons of the last decade.
 7

8
We’re committed to helping the communities where our customers and associates live and work
When our communities thrive, so do our people, and so does Capital One. That’s why we’re helping to expand economic opportunities for our communities through a comprehensive approach we call Investing for Good. We’re providing millions of dollars in philanthropic grants. We’re financing multi-million-dollar affordable-housing developments and providing access to banking products and services. And our great people are generously giving their
time and talents back to the communities where they live.
In 2010 Capital One associates mentored small-business owners to improve their managerial skills and financial know-how, worked with first-time home buyers
to prepare them for the
responsibilities of home
ownership and to help them
gain access to affordable
and sustainable mortgages,
and taught the basics of
money management to
more than 60,000 people.
Our local bankers are out
every day meeting with
customers, residents, and community leaders to listen to their needs and connect them with the services and resources they need. Our associates volunteer their expertise and time to scores of community organizations – 126,500 hours in 2010 alone. Over 100 of our executives serve on non-profit boards.
These efforts are delivering significant results to our communities. Here are just a few examples from 2010:
• In Washington we have provided more than $60 million in specialized financing to build or renovate more than 450 apartments for seniors, working families, and low-income residents.
• In New Orleans we continue to invest in the rebuilding of the city by financing housing for low- and middle-income residents. We also established a program to train residents as teacher’s aides for
 In 2010 Capital One associates taught the basics of money management to more than 60,000 people – students, consumers new to banking, first-time home buyers, small-business owners, and others.

neighborhood schools and opened Capital One savings accounts for them, matching their savings dollar for dollar up to $1,000.
• In Harlem, where we’re working with the Fortune Society and the Jonathan Rose Companies, we provided financing of $39 million for Castle Gardens. A mixed-use, “green” development with 113 apartments, Castle Gardens houses formerly homeless individuals as well as low-income individuals and families. The start-up of the cyber cafe on the premises was funded by Capital One.
Investing for Good is transforming communities and changing lives across our banking footprint.
Capital One sees education as one of its most important long-term investments, and our associates are helping students of all ages learn the skills they need to succeed in school, through programs like READesign and Texas Girls Inc.
 We’ve emerged from the Great Recession stronger than ever
We have always managed the company to be strong and resilient in both good times and bad. We transformed ourselves into a deposit-funded bank before the capital markets collapsed. We purposely chose the most resilient businesses (e.g., credit cards and deposits) and managed them tightly for resiliency. We hardwired recession assumptions into every consumer loan we booked. These bold strategic moves and our choice to build conservatism into our credit risk decisions enabled us to remain resilient and profitable throughout the financial crisis.
For years, we built significant excess liquidity and maintained it even though we now have ample deposit funding. We conservatively managed capital, which positioned us to minimize dilution and to make key investments and acquisitions during the recession, such as the acquisition of Chevy Chase Bank – the leading bank in our hometown of greater Washington, D.C.
We established customer practices with a focus on building a long-term customer franchise well before regulatory and legislative intervention, which decreased our reliance on revenue from unsustainable industry practices and enabled us to adapt to the CARD Act with our business model intact. And we invested in building a well-recognized national brand which has become a critical differentiator for us in national lending and banking.
From our inception, we have been rigorously focused on defining our strategic destination and then working backwards from that destination to build a great franchise with structural competitive advantages. The recession and financial reforms put our strategy, and those of all other financial institutions, to the test. Our strategy paid off. We have emerged well-positioned to drive profitable growth and continue to create lasting shareholder value.
9

Although we are much smaller than our largest competitors, we have positioned ourselves with relevant scale in each of our businesses and the opportunity to gain share and generate exceptional returns. We are a leading national consumer lender with industry-leading returns. We have local-scale positions across our retail bank business in very attractive markets, with the ability to generate strong deposit growth. We also have a low-risk local commercial bank with a strategic focus on establishing primary banking relationships with high-quality clients.
In addition to our advantaged bone structure, we have several distinctive core strengths. We have a powerful national brand and a massive customer base. With our Information Based Strategy and a foundation of franchise-building customer practices, our card business is well-positioned to grow share. We have deep risk management capabilities that have been honed and proven through credit cycles. We have the balance sheet and infrastructure to selectively drive growth through attractive acquisitions. And, we have a differentiated talent model that has made us a magnet for talented people.
Great people have always been essential to Capital One. From the beginning, we’ve consistently focused on hiring great people and giving them a chance to be great. Over the years, our Board of Directors, our Executive Committee, and all of our associates have navigated seemingly insurmountable challenges and delivered amazing results with their intellectual horsepower. They’ve been driven by a hunger to accomplish great things and make a positive difference in the world. They’ve displayed tremendous heart and compassion for our customers, our communities, and each other. And, they’ve maintained their humility through good times and bad. These “4 H’s” – horsepower, hunger, heart, and humility – define the people and the culture of Capital One.
Our great people powered us through one of the banking industry’s most challenging periods. They led with their values on display. Achieving excellence. Doing the right thing. Treating our customers and colleagues with dignity. Delivering results. Our advantaged strategic position and our great people empower us to continue to compete and win in each of our markets and to deliver compelling value for our customers, our associates, our communities, and our shareholders in 2011 and well beyond.
Richard D. Fairbank Chairman, CEO and President
 10
