COACH
To Our Shareholders: As I reflect back on the last year, I am struck by the strength of the Coach brand and our increasing global recognition. Perhaps even more gratifying is the consistency of our performance over the seven years that we have been public. This year's results reflect the power of the brand and our ability to bring innovative, relevant product to the market on a monthly basis, heightening consumers' interest and driving our business. Distinctive newness was key to fiscal 2007 performance, as our three new lifestyle platforms: Signature Stripe, Legacy and Ergo, were well received by existing customers, while bringing new customers into the Coach franchise. In addition, new brand extensions, notably fragrance and jewelry, though small, proved quite successful, demonstrating that our consumer is willing to give us trial in complementary categories. I would also point to the strength of our new store openings, which far outperformed our expectations--whether in new markets for Coach such as El Paso, Texas or more developed markets such as the greater Los Angeles area. As the market share leader in the United States, we were in an excellent position to capitalize on the continued rapid category growth--demonstrated by the strength of our North American business in our own Coach stores and in Department Stores. In addition, we were also very pleased with the continued excellent market share gains we achieved in Japan, building upon our number two market share position. Clearly Coach's accessible luxury positioning appeals to Japanese consumers in increasing numbers, as these stylish customers increasingly look for value, along with fashion, in their accessories resource. Driven by both distribution and productivity gains, our sales rose 28% to $2.6 billion in fiscal year 2007, with both segments posting increases from prior year levels. The company's operating margin rose to 38.0% for the year, a remarkable 290 basis point expansion from fiscal 2006 levels. Gross margin for the year remained exceptional at over 77%, while selling, general, and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales declined to 39.4%, a 320 basis point improvement. Direct to consumer sales, which consist primarily of sales at Coach stores in North America and Japan, rose 30% to $2.1 billion in fiscal 2007. These results were generated by higher comparable store sales as well as new and expanded stores. Indirect sales increased 20% to $511 million, driven primarily by strong gains in U.S. department stores. In fiscal 2007, sales at Coach Japan accounted for 18% of revenues. Fiscal 2007 was a record year of unit distribution and market share growth for Coach. In North America, we added 41 new full price stores, including twelve new markets, and expanded six others. In Japan, we continued to develop our opportunity, adding twenty net new locations and expanding a total of nine highly productive retail locations. It was also a year of increased commitment to our international wholesale business, as we strengthened our infrastructure, establishing an on-the-ground presence in Greater China. With our distribution partners, we opened eight net new locations in key cities on the Chinese Mainland as we focus on rapidly growing distribution and raising brand awareness in this emerging market for luxury goods. Our distinctive brand, our leadership position, our loyal consumer base, our multi-channel, international distribution and our focus on innovation and the consumer never vary and set us apart from the competition. And the engine that drives these elements is our strong and seasoned management team, fueled by compelling product and supported by an adaptive, dynamic, global sourcing and supply chain. Our brand has never been stronger, nor has our proposition been more vibrant. We are well positioned to continue to take advantage of the many opportunities available to us and have the vision, strategies and tactics in place to realize our long term growth plans.

LEW FRANKFORT CHAIRMAN AND CEO

516 WEST 34TH STREET NEW YORK, NY 10001

TELEPHONE 212 594 1850

FA X 2 1 2 5 9 4 1 6 8 2 W W W . C O A C H . C O M

