COACH
To Our Shareholders: Fiscal 2008 demonstrated the strength of the Coach brand and the power of our multi-channel and international business model, as the U.S. economy weakened and the consumer malaise worsened. However, we maintained our course and achieved the overarching goals we established a year ago, expanding our market share in North America and Japan and raising our global profile, while continuing to generate profitable growth. I was pleased with our results and remain confident in our long-term prospects. Last year's performance highlighted the vibrancy of the Coach proposition built upon our core principles of innovation, relevance and value. These brand equities stem from our distinctive product and are informed by our consumer-centric nature, as we listen to tens of thousands of potential and existing customers annually through our market research. We continued to see strong response to innovation this year, reflected in higher conversion in our North American Retail stores, even as traffic weakened. Globally, our three new lifestyle platforms: Bleecker, Heritage Stripe and a fresh Soho Collection were well received, while our newest categories of fragrance and jewelry were successfully expanded. We were also particularly pleased with the strength of our North American new store openings, which well outpaced our expectations. While our North American sales were strong, rising 20%, we were also satisfied with the continued excellent market share gains we achieved in Japan, building upon our number two position and achieving a 13% market share. We also saw increased brand awareness in emerging markets, such as Greater China, where, in May, we announced our agreement to acquire our domestic businesses in Hong Kong, Macau and the Mainland. Driven as always by both distribution and productivity gains, our sales rose 22% to $3.18 billion in fiscal year 2008, with all major channels posting increases from prior year levels. Direct to consumer sales, which consist primarily of sales at Coach stores in North America and Japan, rose 21% to $2.54 billion in fiscal 2008. These results were generated by new and expanded stores as well as higher comparable store sales. Indirect sales increased 25% to $637 million, driven by strong gains in all channels including international wholesale and U.S. department stores. In fiscal 2008, sales at Coach Japan accounted for 19% of total Coach revenues. Operating income rose 19% to $1.18 billion, with an operating margin of 37.1% for the year, a 90 basis point decline from prior year. Including one-time items of $32.1 million, operating income rose 15% to $1.15 billion. Gross margin for the year remained exceptional at nearly 76%, while selling, general, and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales declined to 38.6%, an 80 basis point improvement. Including one-time charges, selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales were 39.6%, a 20 basis point decline from the prior year. Fiscal 2008 was another record year of unit distribution growth for Coach. In North America, we added 38 net new full price stores, including 13 located in new markets, and expanded 18 others. We also added nine new factory stores and expanded 19. In Japan, we continued to develop our opportunity, adding 12 net new locations and expanding 11 as well. It was also a year of increased commitment to our international wholesale business, as we entered a number of new markets, including Turkey, Greece and Russia, with our international distribution partners. Looking ahead, we understand that innovation has become an especially critical factor for success this year, as the consumer remains reluctant to purchase. Therefore, we have compressed multiple years of innovation into fiscal 2009 to create a particularly compelling offering to further inspire our customers to spend. This will, of course, also provide a new foundation for us to build upon in future seasons and years. It's also important to note that while we will plan cautiously until we see a clear signal that consumer spending is strengthening, we will continue to invest in our future as we manage the business for the long term. The opportunities both here at home in North America and abroad, notably in emerging markets, remain abundant. In fiscal 2009, we will invest, notably in Greater China and through merchandising initiatives, including what we call "Collection" -- to drive brand creativity and reinforce our goal to be known as a "great American design house". In summary, we remain well positioned to continue to capitalize on the many opportunities available to us and have the strategies in place to realize our long term growth plans, regardless of the near-term environment.

LEW FRANKFORT CHAIRMAN AND CEO

516 WEST 34TH STREET NEW YORK, NY 10001

TELEPHONE 212 594 1850

FA X 2 1 2 5 9 4 1 6 8 2 W W W . C O A C H . C O M

