TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:

Fiscal 2002 was a truly outstanding year for our company as we surpassed our stated financial goals and experienced increasing momentum in ever y quarter despite the challenges this year presented. Most importantly, our strong annual results speak to the cumulative impact of several years of efforts to rejuvenate the Coach brand ­ increasing our recognition globally and achieving widespread acceptance as a modern, American resource. Clearly, the enthusiastic response to our offering has been a validation of our strong brand equity and the evolution of our product. Our reinvigorated retail environment, sharply focused gift assortment, and power of our presentation and marketing were critical factors in driving sales this year. Further, the strength of our earnings, which surpassed the growth in sales, evidenced our continuing ability to improve manufacturing margins and reduce costs.

Sales for fiscal 2002 rose 20% to $719.4 million with all channels of distribution posting increases from prior year levels. We were especially pleased with our North American full priced businesses. Accelerating throughout the year, they were driven by our new product introductions, ongoing momentum in enduring collections, and new or expanded categories such as footwear, jewelr y, hats and outerwear. Gross margin for the year climbed to over 67%, driven by the consolidation of Coach Japan, Inc., channel mix, and sourcing cost initiatives. At the same time, selling, general, and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales rose to 48% due to Japan joint venture costs, which offset operating leverage achieved elsewhere. For the full year the Company's operating margin increased to 19% before the impact of reorganization costs. · Direct-to-consumer sales, which consist primarily of sales at Coach stores, rose 14% to $447.1 million in fiscal 2002. These results were generated by new and expanded stores as well as higher comparable store sales.

5.

COACH, INC. AR 2002

· Indirect sales increased 31% to $272.3 million, driven by strong gains in both the Japanese and U.S. wholesale businesses. In fiscal 2002, international sales accounted for nearly 20% of revenues, up from 14% in the prior year. Fiscal 2002, our first full year as a fully independent public company, was a year of many accomplishments. Through our joint venture, Coach Japan, we purchased the two primar y distributors of Coach in Japan and began to build the infrastructure necessar y to support significant growth in this market. Additionally, we opened our first Japanese flagship store, located in the Ginza section of Tokyo, with great success. In the U.S., we added 23 net new stores while completing our retail store renovation program. Also in the U.S., we reassorted Coach locations within department stores ­ implementing a key item strategy ­ and realized significant increases in market share and point-of-sale revenues. While the past year was truly exceptional, reflecting both the enduring strength of the Coach brand and our

increasingly global recognition as a fashion resource, I believe our company has only just begun to capitalize on our opportunities. Our proposition is unique. We hold a leading U.S. market position in accessories, our consumer base is strong and loyal, and we command the benefits of multi-channel distribution, financial strength, and a seasoned management team. Further, we have proven strategies for sustainable growth that build upon the strength of our core brand and business equities, and reinforce Coach's leadership position as an American classic lifestyle accessories brand. We're confident that these strategies will allow us to achieve continued superior financial results in the years ahead.

Lew Frankfort Chairman and CEO

7.

