Dear Shareholders,
Since our founding in 1902, Coca-Cola
Bottling Co. Consolidated has focused
on building strong relationships that
have helped us grow and thrive through
the years. These associations are the
foundation of our continued success and
led to another solid performance in 2011.
Our key relationships include:
• Our Shareholders
• Our Customers and Consumers
• Our Employees
• Our Communities
• Our Business Partners
Our Shareholders
The Company is committed to creating
long- term value for its shareholders. Our
operating results for 2011 reflect another
strong year in the face of significant
challenges, including a slowly recovering
economy, increases and volatility in key
raw material costs, and consumers who
are struggling economically and therefore
seeking greater value.
The Company reported net income of
$28.6 million, or basic net income per
share of $3.11, compared to net income
of $36.1 million, or basic net income per
share of $3.93, in 2010. Several unusual
items impacted the comparability of
earnings between 2011 and 2010. Our
2011 results include non cash losses on
our hedging programs of $4.1 million
net of tax, or $0.45 per share, and net
unfavorable adjustments to income tax
expense of $0.6 million, or $0.06 per
share. Our 2010 results included non
-cash losses on our hedging programs
of $3.2
million net of tax, or $0.35 per
share; an after tax gain from the impact
of the Nashville flood of $0.6 million,
or $0.06
per share; and favorable
adjustments to income tax expense of
$1.0 million, or $0.11 per share. Excluding
these unusual items, net income and
basic net income per share for 2011 were
$33.3
million and $3.62 compared to
$37.7
million and $4.11 for
2010.
In 2011, the Company continued
its focus
on key areas that drive our
business, including product innovation,
our distribution system, productivity and
expense management. We had positive
volume growth and solid performances
across our primary channels, particularly
the value channel, which is consistent
with the current value orientation of
consumer sentiment. We boosted 2011
sales in home market channels with
innovative packaging such as the new
1.25 liter bottle, four
pack cans and the
reintroduction of six
pack cans. We also
evolved our immediate consumption
strategy in convenience stores to a three
package offering.
The Company experienced significant
increases in the cost of key raw materials
in 2011, including sweetener, fuel and
resin for our bottles. A combination of
price increases and operating efficiency
improvements helped offset the majority
of these increases. We operate in a
highly competitive consumer segment
in which passing along increased costs is extremely challenging. This magnifies the
importance of continuing innovation to
improve our supply chain and produce
and deliver our products more efficiently.
During 2011, we continued our process
of consolidating distribution facilities
to drive additional economies of scale.
We further leveraged our transportation
fleet, increasing utilization by expanding
the scope of work we do for third parties.
The Company experienced very positive
results in 2011 from its proprietary
branded Tum- E Yummies product.
This vitamin enhanced drink now has
distribution in approximately 95
percent
of the U.S. – primarily through other
Coca-Cola bottlers – and is ranked
second in its category in the convenience
retail channel.
Another key element in driving value for
our shareholders has been strengthening
the Company’s financial position.
The Company has benefited through
the years from strategic investments,
including the acquisition of additional
Coca-Cola distribution rights, and we
generated $29 million of free cash flow
in 2011. The Company has focused on
reducing its long- term debt in the past
decade and is now well positioned to
take advantage of strategic opportunities
that may arise. In the past 10 years, we
have reduced our long-term debt, net of
cash, by approximately $500 million.
Our Customers and Consumers
We are most fortunate to sell the
greatest brands in the world. However,
we are very aware that consumer
tastes and preferences evolve, so it is
imperative that we continue to innovate
and deliver products that our customers
and consumers want.
During the economic downturn,
consumers have become increasingly
value conscious. We responded with new
packaging and price points, such as the
three package strategy in our immediate
consumption channel. The three- package
strategy includes our new 12.5- ounce
package at an $0.89 price point, along
with our 16 and 24 ounce packages.
Similar to the consumer reaction when
we introduced the 16 ounce in 2008, the
new 12.5 ounce package has generated
incremental sales and important trial
from consumers. We also unveiled the 1.25
liter as a
new value package in the home market
channel. This package has generally been
priced at $0.99 and has proven very
popular with our customers as a way to
provide our shared consumers with a new
product at an attractive price.
Consistent with this value approach, we
offered four
pack cans with retail pricing
from $0.99 – $1.19 as an in
and out promotional item for the convenience
store channel. And, we began selling
six-pack cans in conjunction with 12
-pack cans on an everyday basis in
convenience stores – again giving the
consumer more choices and a lower
price point.
What our customers think is very
important to us. A couple years ago, we
implemented our Right Execution Daily
(RED) program to measure in
outlet
execution and customer service. Our
customer service execution is evaluated
by company management, and customer
service satisfaction is determined by
customers’ survey responses. Our 2011
results showed continuous improvement
in our in
outlet execution, and more than
98 percent of the time our customers are
satisfied or very satisfied with our sales
and delivery service. We believe the
work we are doing to elevate the quality
of our in
outlet execution, and to better
communicate with our customers and
understand their needs, has contributed
to our strong financial performance
in
2011.
Our Employees
The Company currently has more than
6,100 full and part-time employees
concentrated mainly in 11 states across
the southeastern U.S. A highly motivated
and well-trained workforce is essential to
our ongoing success. We are fortunate
to have many long-serving employees
who have a wealth of knowledge and
capability relating to our customers and
consumers, as well as our operations. We
also continue to recruit new people to
ensure we have a broad array of talent
with current and relevant skill sets.
Annually, our employees volunteer
thousands of hours, and we support
and encourage them to be active in
our communities. We also manage and
coordinate many community service
activities through Coke Cares – our
stewardship program that encourages
employees to share their time, talents
and treasures.
Our Communities
The Company is active in the
communities in which our employees live
and serve. We believe that giving back
is part of our mission to serve others.
Community involvement takes many
forms including recycling, conservation
and sustainability, in addition to
supporting people and organizations.
As
a Company, we provide ongoing
support to many nonprofit organizations
within our territory.
An important part of our Purpose
Statement is to help meet the physical,
emotional and spiritual needs of the
communities where we live and do
business and beyond. Our goal is
to assist nonprofit organizations by
providing resources enabling them to
meet diverse needs.
Our Company has always had a strong
commitment to operate as efficiently as possible, including our use of natural
resources such as water, energy and
packaging materials. Our sustainability
initiatives extend throughout our entire
Company. We are a leader in several
sustainability categories in the Coca-Cola
system, including using the least amount of water to produce each liter of product.
And in 2011, we reduced the amount of
waste sent to landfills by approximately
50 percent.
Our Business Partners
A major contributor to our ongoing
success has been the relationships
with our many great business partners.
We work closely with The Coca-Cola
Company in all aspects of our business
including product development,
marketing and customer relationships.
Our relationship with The Coca-Cola
Company dates back to our founding
in 1902 and is critical to our ability to
continue bringing the best products
in the world to our customers and
consumers. We also have a close
relationship with the other Coca-Cola
bottlers in the U.S. and with other
beverage companies, including
Dr Pepper and Monster, whose
products
we distribute in certain parts of
our franchise territory.
In closing, we are pleased with our 2011
performance, which reflects the hard
work of many and the strength of our
aforementioned relationships. We look
forward to 2012 and the opportunity to
continue building on these relationships
and growing shareholder value. Many
of the same issues we faced in 2011
will continue in 2012, including slow
economic recovery, higher prices for key
raw materials, a highly competitive retail
environment and consumers who are
very value
-
oriented. We believe we are
well
-
prepared for these challenges. As
stewards of the greatest brands in the
world, we will continue to innovate, deliver
value for our customers and consumers,
and operate more efficiently – all while
serving our important constituencies.
We remain committed to our Purpose
Statement and its primary goals of
honoring God in all we do, serving
others, pursuing excellence and growing
profitably. We believe that we achieved all
these goals during 2011 and will strive to do so each and every year

