If we assessed last year’s performance of Coca-Cola Bottling Co.
Consolidated in sports terms, we might say 2000 was a rebuilding
year. Typical of an athletic team’s rebuilding year, we suffered some
setbacks, made strategic adjustments, learned from our experiences, redefined
our vision and put a new plan into effect.
We believe we have emerged from this year of rebuilding as a much
stronger Company that is better positioned for the future.
To understand how your Company performed in 2000, it’s important
to consider the obstacles we encountered. First, we faced a challenging
business environment and a slowing economy. Fuel costs escalated, and
we experienced considerable price increases in packaging and other costs
of goods — including an unprecedented increase in concentrate pricing.
Further, the Company endured a five-month labor strike in West
Virginia which impacted sales and profitability during the second and
third quarters.
Faced with these obstacles, the major objective in 2000 was to
improve the financial health of the business. The key components in
this strategy included increasing prices to improve margins, managing
expenses and paying down debt to improve interest costs and coverage.
We had an operationally focused plan to manage the price/volume
equation and increase productivity in 2000 and beyond.
In 2000, we increased net selling prices by 6.5 percent,
which had a short-term negative impact on volume. In spite of
this one-year downturn, our volume performance on a multiyear
basis is very strong and consistent with other major Coca-Cola bottlers.
In fact, in the fourth quarter we saw sales rebounding with an increase
in sales volume. We took steps to reduce spending following several
years of significant incremental investments in both equipment and
human resources.
We also set out to be more efficient and improve productivity.
Your Company has begun to see the results of our investment in our
value chain initiative that you will read about later in this report.
In addition, the Company has taken steps to consolidate operations,
including merging several sales centers and divesting a small part of our
selling territories — areas in Kentucky and Ohio — which were a better
geographic fit with another Coca-Cola bottler. This divestiture allowed the
Company to reorganize its business in West Virginia to be more efficient.
Net income for 2000 was $6.3 million compared to $3.2 million in
1999, including the one-time gain from the sale of the Kentucky and Ohio
territories. Operating cash flow grew to $142 million, up about 5 percent.
Free cash flow increased significantly which enabled us to pay down debt by
$60 million — or 8 percent. This lower debt load should not only reduce
interest costs in 2001, but should also improve our interest coverage ratios.
As the nation’s second largest Coca-Cola bottler, our relationship with
The Coca-Cola Company is important. As The Coca-Cola Company
continues to move forward with its rebuilding and streamlining of
operations, our relationship remains strong. We are optimistic about
The Coca-Cola Company’s future and look forward to further enhancing
our working relationship while building long-term shareholder value for
you, our shareholders.
Considering the formidable challenges we faced during the year,
we are pleased with Coca-Cola Consolidated’s performance in 2000.
We want to affirm our commitment to long-term profitable growth
and increased shareholder value. We are grateful to a truly outstanding
management team for their leadership and creativity and to all our
employees for their continued dedication and hard work. We have
a strong team in place; we’re ready for the future.
J. Frank Harrison, III
Chairman of the Board of Directors
and Chief Executive Officer
William B. Elmore
President and Chief Operating Officer