LETTER T O S HAREHOLDERS

celebrated our centennial anniversary as a Company, generated record sales and produced solid earnings. Sadly, we also lost our former chairman. Founded by Coca-Cola pioneer J.B. Harrison in 1902, our Company has grown from a small local bottler in North Carolina to its position today as the second largest Coca-Cola bottler in the United States. For the last 30 years, one of the principal architects of the Company's growth and success was J. Frank Harrison, Jr., our former chairman of the board. Mr. Harrison passed away in November, and his wisdom and insight are missed by all of us. One of the many lessons we learned from Mr. Harrison was to focus on growing long-term shareholder value over time and managing the Company accordingly. In 2002, we delivered against that objective. Record sales and strong growth in earnings per share -- which increased by 139 percent on a reported basis to $2.58 per share -- helped make 2002 a successful year. Net income for 2002 reflects a $12.6 million pre-tax reduction in amortization expense associated with the adoption of a new accounting pronouncement, while net income in 2001 benefited from a favorable income tax settlement. On a comparable basis, earnings per share increased by 60 percent in 2002. We experienced very strong volume growth through our first three quarters of the year. However, volume and net pricing were down slightly in the fourth quarter due to unusually cool and wet weather in October and November and an ice storm in December that left more than 1 million homes and businesses in our territory without power for several days. The Company continued to generate strong cash flow in 2002. Over the past three years, the Company has generated almost $200 million of cash flow that has been used to reduce capital debt and lease obligations, thereby strengthening the Company's

L

ast year was a significant one for Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated as we

2

100 YEARS ... OF DELIVERING GREAT PRODUCT
From painstakingly delivering product with a horse and buggy to the new and innovative "side-loader" delivery truck, we've come a long way. But, our dedication to getting product into consumers' hands hasn't wavered.

LETTER T O S HAREHOLDERS
financial position. Our success during 2002 was achieved in a difficult, competitive environment that included continued consolidation among retailers, changing strategies of our customers and slower growth in the overall U.S. economy. Continued innovation in packaging and the introduction of new products helped fuel strong volume growth during much of the year, particularly in our important immediate consumption channel. We're grateful for our partnership with The Coca-Cola Company, as working closely with them is central to our success. In 2002, they provided us with strong brand innovation, including Vanilla Coke, diet Vanilla Coke, Fanta flavors and Minute Maid Pink Lemonade. And, in addition to these innovative new brands, Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated started producing and selling diet Cherry Coke, which has created strong consumer interest. The Fridge Pack , the innovative 12-can package we introduced in 2001, continued to be popular with retailers and consumers. During the second quarter, the Company became the first bottler to introduce a Fridge Pack for 12-ounce Dasani recyclable plastic bottles. The addition of the Dasani Fridge Pack contributed to our volume growth in the water category of more than 40 percent during the year. The Company has effectively responded to ongoing changes in our markets and in our consumers' tastes. Increased demand and product offerings in the noncarbonated category of our business have resulted in this category comprising 10 percent of our total business, up from about 8 percent in 2001. Our line-up of noncarbonated beverages includes bottled water, isotonics, lemonade and fruit drinks. While this category is growing faster than the carbonated soft drink (CSD) category, we remain committed to longterm profitable growth of our CSD products. To underline this point, for the period of time last year following its introduction, Vanilla Coke contributed more to our growth in 2002 than isotonics, lemonade and fruit drinks combined.
TM

4

100 YEARS ... OF HIGH-QUALITY BRANDS
By the 1970s, our family of products (represented in part on the left) included a wide variety of brands. Today, the Coca-Cola system is still innovating great new brands -- like Vanilla Coke -- to satisfy consumers' changing tastes.

LETTER T O S HAREHOLDERS
The Company's ongoing commitment to quality was rewarded by The Coca-Cola Company with the 2002 President's Award for Quality Excellence. This award is given in recognition of outstanding performance in manufacturing and in the management of our products in retail locations. This is the second straight year the Company has won this award, which reflects our commitment to providing the highest quality products to our consumers. We remain committed to becoming more efficient and to increasing productivity. We are working with other Coca-Cola bottlers to coordinate manufacturing and purchasing, thereby reducing our operating costs. Coca-Cola bottlers across the country recently formed Coca-Cola Bottlers Sales and Service Company, designed to coordinate and leverage the procurement of key raw materials and cold drink equipment. We believe this organization will significantly reduce our costs over time. Our 100th year was a very successful one for Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated. The year ahead will present a number of challenges for the Company, including rising insurance and employee benefit costs, plastic bottle cost increases well above inflation, a highly competitive sales environment and an uncertain economy. We believe that our commitment over the past few years to enhancing our financial strength, through solid operating performance and the reduction of our debt, will help us mitigate these challenges. We are optimistic about the future of our business and the Company. With the combination of great people, great products, the right strategy and excellent execution, your Company is poised for continued success in the next 100 years -- and beyond.

J. Frank Harrison, III Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

William B. Elmore President and Chief Operating Officer

6

