Letter to Shareholders
We continued to innovate during 2003, introducing in several markets noteworthy new packages, including the 390-milliliter bottle for convenience store sales, the double Fridge Pack for cans and the 12-ounce PET bottle Fridge Pack for core brand carbonated soft drinks. Customers and consumers are receiving these new packages very favorably, and we expect even more success as we expand these innovations throughout Coca-Cola Consolidated selling territories during 2004. Our ability to provide new products and packages for our customers is part of our strong relationship with The Coca-Cola Company. Product innovation from The Coca-Cola Company continues to provide our customers with new and exciting beverage choices. We are introducing diet Coke with Lime early in 2004 and anticipate other product introductions later in the year. The introduction of diet Coke with Lime is just the beginning of a stronger emphasis on the fast growing diet segment of the soft drink industry, a category where the Coca-Cola portfolio of diet brands is the clear industry leader. Coca-Cola Consolidated's commitment to quality was recognized again in 2003 when we were presented with the President's Award for Quality Excellence for our work in 2002. This is the third year in a row a CCBCC sales center has received this prestigious award -- and the first time in history that one company's operations have won first, second and third places for quality excellence among all Coca-Cola bottlers. In addition, Coca-Cola Consolidated was named Distributor of the Year by Beverage Industry magazine and Vendor of the Quarter by Sam's Warehouse Club, a division of Wal-Mart. These awards were given in recognition of outstanding performance in our manufacturing, selling and delivery functions and reflect our ongoing commitment to providing the highest quality products to our customers. During 2003, the Company acquired an additional interest in Piedmont Coca-Cola Bottling Partnership from The Coca-Cola Company, increasing our ownership to slightly more than 77 percent. Despite modest growth in overall revenues over the past several years, the Company has strengthened its financial position through a reduction in debt while at the same time acquiring an additional interest in Piedmont Coca-Cola Bottling Partnership.

4

Innovative new packaging, including smaller packages such as the 12-ounce PET bottle Fridge Pack and the 390-milliliter PET bottle, keeps Coca-Cola Consolidated one step ahead of our competitors.

A Clear and Ambitious Mission
"To make, sell and deliver soft drinks better than anyone else."
We would like to take this opportunity to share with you some of the changes to the Company's Mission Statement. The mission is ambitious and straightforward: "To make, sell and deliver soft drinks better than anyone else." We believe that who we are, what we do and how we do it are determined by our values and that our values should honor God. We believe that by adhering to these values, among them accountability, honesty, integrity, respectfulness and supportiveness, we will succeed. In our Mission Statement we have set forth specific goals for the Company:  To be a great company with great jobs and great rewards.  To be a company known for building great relationships.  To be leaders in the Coca-Cola system.  To generate long-term growth in shareholder value. Our mission and our values guide the actions we take each day. A company can only be great if it has great people, and we believe our culture and rewards system create a work environment where we can attract, motivate and retain the highest caliber employees. We believe that building strong relationships with our own employees, customers, The Coca-Cola Company and others with whom we do business makes us a better company. As we look forward, we are very optimistic. We are establishing a reputation for innovation within the Coca-Cola system, leading the industry in quality, providing great jobs for more than 5,500 outstanding employees and growing long-term shareholder value. We are excited about the momentum we have built over the last several years and look forward to success in 2004 and beyond.

J. Frank Harrison, III Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

William B. Elmore President and Chief Operating Officer

5

