1

To Our Shareholders

As we close another solid year in our Company's 110-plus-year history, we would like to take this opportunity to honor the accomplishments of those who came before us. We have been tremendously blessed with an enduring legacy which provides a strong foundation for tomorrow's opportunities. We have grown from a local bottler in Greensboro, N.C. in 1902 to the nation's largest independent Coca-Cola bottler with franchise rights in 12 states. We have expanded from selling one product in one package size ­ Coca-Cola in single-serve glass bottles ­ to selling more than 250 brands and flavors in a wide variety of package types and sizes in multiple channels. We have evolved in all areas of our operations - not only keeping pace with the changing times, but leading innovation in the beverage industry through new and improved product offerings, packaging types, manufacturing processes, warehousing systems, distribution methods and marketing programs. In addition, our founders nurtured a culture of caring and service within our Company which continues to this day. We hope you enjoy the images depicting the transformation of our Company over the past 110-plus years on the accompanying pages of this report. The year 2014 was another transformative year in Coke Consolidated's history. As disclosed in the accompanying financial statements, our more than 7,000 devoted employees delivered solid financial results in our legacy territory while working earnestly to expand our territory to Johnson City, Morristown and Knoxville, Tenn. We also announced definitive agreements to acquire territory in Lexington and Louisville, Ky.; Cookeville and Cleveland, Tenn.; and Evansville, Ind. and are working diligently to transition those territories in 2015. We continued to drive industry innovation through new product and package offerings such as Coca-Cola Life and the 253 ml bottle and operational improvements such as the installation of our third automated warehouse system in Clayton, N.C. As we look to the future, we will continue to drive our purpose to Honor God in All We Do by serving others, pursuing excellence and growing profitably. We will work to serve our communities through existing and new outreach initiatives and continue to be a leader in responsible environmental stewardship. We will focus on growing our core business through increasing market share, innovation, continuous improvement and territory expansion opportunities. As we have throughout our history, we will respond to consumer demand and preferences by ensuring we have the right product in the right package in the right place at the right time for every consumption occasion for every consumer. We will look for opportunities to operate more efficiently and leverage our core competencies through complementary businesses. Though much has changed in the past 110-plus years, much has stayed the same. We still sell the same great brand, Coca-Cola, and we remain firmly committed to excellence in selling, innovation and continuous improvement to create long-term value for our shareholders. We are grateful for our long-standing heritage, and we are more optimistic than ever about our future. Thank you for your ongoing support.

J. Frank Harrison, III Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

Henry W. Flint President and Chief Operating Officer

