LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

D

uring 2009, CocaCola Consolidated

Excluding these unusual items, net income and basic net income per share for 2009 were $21.9 million and $2.39 compared to $19.2 million and $2.09 for 2008, respectively. Working with our partner The CocaCola Company, we responded to the challenging environment with new products and packaging, improved marketing and innovative sales promotions. These tactics offset slow or declining sales in certain segments of the sparkling beverage business, while increasing market share in the still beverage segment. To reverse multiyear declining sales trends in the convenience channel, we replaced all 20-ounce sparkling beverages with a combination of a value-priced 16-ounce bottle and a larger 24-ounce package. This strategy has produced a significant increase in consumer transactions, resulting not only in growing our brands and gaining share, but also expanding the entire category for our customers. Notably, we are seeing strong growth in our core sparkling brands in the convenience channel, along with strong consumer trial and recruitment among

embarked on many new and exciting strategic, operational and tactical initiatives. Despite a very difficult economy that resulted in high unemploy ment in our franchise territories and significantly impacted many of our customers and consumers, CocaCola Consolidated was resilient, innovative and focused on continuous operational improve ment. This led to your Company posting solid financial results for the year. As the second larg est CocaCola franchisee in North America, and ambassadors of the greatest brands in the world, CocaCola Consolidated has long been known as an innovator, focused on continuous improvement and reinvention of our core beverage business, while challenging ourselves to leverage additional business opportunities in the marketplace. Progress in a Challenging Year Going into 2009, we were faced with numerous challenges including a difficult economy, volatile input pricing for key raw materials and uncertain credit markets. Even with these challenges, the Company produced solid results. In 2009, the Company reported net income of $38.1 million, or basic net income per share of $4.16, compared to net income of $9.1 million, or basic net income per share of $0.99, in 2008. Comparability of earnings between 2009 and 2008 was impacted by several unusual items. Our 2009 results include non-cash gains on our hedging programs of $8.0 million net of tax, or $0.88 per share; favorable adjustments to income tax expense of $7.1 million or $0.77 per share; and $1.1 million net of tax, or $0.12 per share, of additional income from the 53rd week of 2009. The 2008 results included expenses for exiting a multiemployer pension plan ($7.3 million after-tax or $0.80 per share), and for a Company restructuring ($2.4 million after-tax or $0.26 per share), plus non-cash losses on our hedging programs ($0.4 million after-tax or $0.04 per share).

The new 16-ounce bottle offers great value to consumers.

2

certain targeted demographic groups. We also introduced a new contour 2-liter bottle in 2009, and we are receiving positive consumer reaction to this take-home package with an iconic CocaCola bottle shape. Additionally, the Company significantly expanded the sale and distribution of its proprietary vitamin-enhanced fruit drink, Tum-E Yummies, which will have distribution throughout the United States in 2010. During 2008, we implemented a full review of all expendi tures and core business processes with a goal of realizing operating efficiencies and cost savings. We examined every aspect of our business in order to direct spend ing and resources to the most essential and effec tive elements. Our focus on efficient operations continued in 2009, and it is integral to ongoing improvements that ensure we concentrate our resources on activities that drive profitable growth. Part of this process includes leveraging expertise and effectively utilizing Company assets. For example, we have seen a significant increase in the loads our delivery fleet carries for outside parties through our transportation group, Red Classic Transporta tion Services. These additional loads reduce empty back hauls and provide revenue that offsets part of our freight costs. An ongoing challenge for our Company is find ing ways to improve our supply chain and more efficiently produce and deliver our products. Dur ing the past few years, we have made significant capital investments in technologies and systems to handle the complexities of the growing

1

number of brands and package sizes we sell. We installed an automated order-fulfillment system in our Charlotte, N.C., manufacturing center that became fully operational in 2009. This system allows us to build custom orders more efficiently and with a high degree of accuracy. We also developed a multiyear strategy that includes new and automated selling tools. During 2009, we provided our account managers with advanced handheld devices that allow wireless order submit tal and permit real-time communication to resolve customer needs. These new tools not only ensure accuracy, but enable our sales force to spend their time and energy on selling and customer service. We continued to partner with The CocaCola Company to develop and implement grassroots marketing strategies that enable us to speak directly to our consumers in personal and meaningful ways. One of the most successful initiatives is a recycling incentive program, CocaCola Recycle and Win, which not only promotes environmental stewardship, but is very popular with our consumers. We launched CocaCola Recycle and Win in Charlotte and Raleigh, N.C., in 2009, and we will expand this and other similar programs to other markets in 2010. We also continued to improve our financial position by reduc ing long-term debt. Our focus on improving our balance sheet has resulted in a reduction of long-term debt of almost $500 million in the last decade, providing more financial flex ibility for the Company. Looking Forward As we enter 2010, the beverage industry is still affected by the overall economic conditions and volatility in commodi ties markets. While fuel and commodity prices have retreated from record peaks, they remain at high levels. In 2010, we will continue our packaging innovation with the introduction of the 7.5-ounce, 90-calorie sleek can, and we will test additional large bottle configurations. During the past two years, we have focused heavily on reducing costs and driving efficiency in our business and have achieved great success in this area. With this discipline firmly in place, the Company will shift more of its focus to growing our gross margin, and we

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

of great leaders, and that the development of a servant leadership culture will empower employ ees throughout the Company to better serve, and therefore lead, in their communities and with our customers and consumers. We also believe great servant leaders bring a focus on excellence and winning to work every day, thus positively and proactively impacting our work environments. Thank You We are extremely fortunate to be stewards of the greatest brand in the world, CocaCola, and an entire portfolio of powerful, appealing brands. As stewards of these brands, we see the making of memories and the happiness our consumers feel when they open a bottle of CocaCola. Our Company is committed to leading in both our business and in our communities. We would like to thank all who make our continued success believe we are well-positioned to capitalize on economic improvement in 2010. Our Purpose As we begin a new year, we continue to build upon our excellent service model and embark on a new, broad and substantive corporate Purpose State ment. Our new Purpose Statement focuses on the Company's long history of service to its employees, customers, consumers and communities, as well as its pursuit of excellence in every aspect of our busi ness. We believe service to others is the foundation possible, including our consumers, our customers, our dedicated employees and our partner The CocaCola Company. While 2009 was a very challenging year, we are proud of what CocaCola Consolidated employees accomplished in the face of very real adversity. Their efforts were recognized by both colleagues and competitors in our industry. The respected trade publication Beverage Industry named CocaCola Consolidated "Bottler of the Year" for 2009. While we recognize that 2010 will be a challenging year, we are very confident in our long-term success. Our larger 24-ounce package has made a positive impact on sales.

J. Frank Harrison, III
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

William B. Elmore
President and Chief Operating Officer

5

