D
Dear Shareholders:

In 2007, our Company faced one of its most challenging years in its 106-year history. Significant raw material cost increases, dramatically escalating energy prices, increasingly competitive product categories and a continued softness in demand for carbonated ­ or sparkling ­ soft drinks presented unprecedented challenges. Despite these obstacles, Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated ("Coke Consoli dated") generated solid operating results with net income of $19.9 million, or basic net income per share of $2.18. Last year, we invested in the business by reorganizing our franchise business to improve operating efficiencies and offset, to some extent, these increased raw material costs. While we believe this restruc turing is beneficial to our long-term performance, we did incur after-tax costs of $1.7 million, which negatively impacted our basic net income per share by $0.18. Without these restructuring costs in 2007, our net income totaled $21.6 million, which equates to basic net income per share of $2.36. This was a solid performance com pared to net income in 2006 of $23.2 million, or basic net income per share of $2.55, especially when considering the 2006 results included a favorable benefit of $4.9 million, or basic net income per share of $0.54, due to a reduction in income tax expense as a result of agreements with state taxing authorities to settle certain tax positions. We also continued our focus on improving the finan cial strength of our Company in 2007. We reduced our debt and capital lease obligations, net of cash, by approximately $38 million and strengthened our market position with a number of key customers. Also, the debt-reduction strategy we began in 2000 has suc cessfully lowered our total debt (including capital leases and our Piedmont Bottling subsidiary for all years) from approximately $1.04 billion to $679 million at

the end of 2007. This strategy has helped improve our profitability as interest expense has been reduced from $67.4 million in 2000 to $47.6 million in 2007. While 2007 was a successful year, it was clearly a tale of two halves, with strong net sales, gross margin and net income in the first half and decidedly different results in the last half. We are disappointed in the second-half results; however, it is important to consider the dramatic cost increase in key raw materials. International instabil ity and rising global demand for energy drove oil prices to $100 per barrel, pushing certain commodity costs, particularly diesel, to all-time highs. The increase in oil prices also directly contributed to double-digit cost increases for sweetener. For the second year in a row, the demand for ethanol and other corn byproducts caused prices for corn-based sweeteners to rise approximately 21 percent from the previous year. In addition, aluminum can prices were up approxi mately 18 percent in 2007. To best address these challenges, the Company focused intensely on managing controllable expenses, in particular improving the efficiency and effectiveness of our supply chain. Further, we were very measured in capital spending in 2007, and will continue this discipline in 2008 while making the necessary investments to achieve long-term success. Traditional sparkling beverages are our largest-selling product cat egory, representing more than 80 percent of our total sales. Sales in this category continued to decline in 2007 due to reduced purchase frequency. There are many reasons for this, including the impact of higher retail pricing, a lack of effective innovation in the category and an increasing number of alternative beverages. This consumer trend away from sparkling beverages presents us with both challenges and opportunities.

Our Business · 3Letter Letter to Shareholders

·

3

In 2007, we made real progress in addressing this issue. Our partners at The Coca-Cola Company made significant investments in the fast-growing still beverage category with purchases of the FUZE® and glacéau® companies. Glacéau's vitaminwater® and smartwater® lineups are outstanding products with strong consumer appeal. Vitaminwa ter already dominates the enhanced-water category, and given our customer relationships and distribution capabilities, we expect to sig nificantly increase the growth trajectory for this brand. FUZE® has an outstanding line of premium juice drinks and teas, as well as a strong entry in the energy drink category under the NOS® trademark. We also completed a distribution agreement with Campbell's® to sell a number of its vegetable and fruit drinks, including V8® 100% Vegetable Juice drinks, V8 V-Fusion® juice drinks and V8 Splash® juice drinks in certain package sizes for specific channels of trade. The combination of these new products, along with our existing Minute Maid® product line, gives us leadership in the fruit/vegetable juice product category in all immediate consumption channels. We are very bullish on this expanded and enhanced portfolio of bever ages and expect it to deliver significant growth in sales and gross margin going forward. During the past several years, we have talked about our transforma tion from a traditional soft drink bottler primarily selling sparkling beverages into a total nonalcoholic beverage company. We believe 2007 demonstrates the most material advancement to date. We added the aforementioned products on a staged basis in the latter part of 2007, and this transformation provides us with real momen tum moving into 2008. In addition, we remain focused on creating and building our own proprietary brands as a vital part of our longterm strategy.

We are excited about the expanded brand portfolio, but also recognize the critical importance of sparkling beverages. We are particularly encouraged by consumers' embrace of Coca-Cola Zero, and we believe a marketing emphasis on the strengths of our entire cola portfolio of Coke, Diet Coke and Coke Zero will be a winning strategy. This "Red-Silver-Black" portfolio strategy tells consumers we can deliver the best cola taste ­ with or without calories ­ with this family of mega brands. One critical component in re-energizing sparkling beverages is pack aging. The new 20-ounce "grip" bottle introduced in 2007 enjoyed positive consumer acceptance. In 2008, we will continue to innovate our sparkling beverage packaging, including the broad-scale availabil ity of eight-pack eight-ounce cans and the introduction of a number of other exciting packaging offerings. While our expanded brand and package portfolio creates great opportunities in the marketplace, the additions also create challenges in sales, warehousing and delivery. We added more than 125 new stock keeping units (SKUs) in 2007, and today we sell approximately 500 different brand and package combinations. This is a four-fold increase in the past eight years, and we expect this trend to continue for the foreseeable future. As a result, we continue to work diligently to improve our sales forecasting, product ordering, manufacturing, warehousing, distribution and delivery processes to better address the challenges this expanded product portfolio creates. A prime example of this effort is our patented CooLift® delivery sys tem, which we have implemented in a number of our sales locations and continue to refine. We believe this new delivery system not only has the potential to transform our delivery process, but also the cost structure of Coke Consolidated's delivery system. The CooLift® system has already attracted the interest of other bottlers and

4

·

Letter to Shareholders

distributors. As we continue to develop and refine the system and the processes that support Coke Consolidated, we will also pursue these interested companies. There is no question 2007 was a challenging year for Coke Consoli dated ­ and we anticipate many of those challenges to continue in 2008. However, we maintain a very positive long-term outlook because we have a sound business plan, the right company culture, and truly great people who give their all each and every day. It is also important for us to remember we are stewards of one of the best-known and highly respected brand names in the world, something we take very seriously. At Coke Consolidated, we have a unique and well-defined culture. We are proud that the Coke Consolidated employees embrace the values of honesty, morality, respectfulness, accountability, courage, discipline and optimism. We believe having these values at the center of our decisionmaking, and as a guiding foundation for the way we conduct business, gives us an edge in the highly complex and rapidly changing environ ment in which we compete. Thank you for the opportunity to serve you. We look forward to an exciting 2008.

J. Frank Harrison, III
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

William B. Elmore
President and Chief Operating Officer

Our Business · 5Letter to Shareholders

·

5

