D
CCBCC's new sleek can packaging brings a renewed energy to the "make" portion of our mission statement.

ear Shareholders:

The soft drink industry has faced considerable challenges during the past several years, and 2006 was no exception. Among the obstacles we faced were significant increases in raw material costs, escalating energy costs, market pricing pressures and insufficient innovation to address consumers' desire for enhanced variety. Nevertheless, Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated (CCBCC) realized a strong fourth quarter in 2006 with net income of $8.6 million, or $.94 per basic share, compared to $1.9 million, or $.21 per basic share, for the fourth quarter of 2005.

CCBCC earned $23.2 million in 2006, or $2.55 per basic share, compared to $23.0 million, or $2.53 per basic share, the previous year. CCBCC's net income in the fourth quarter and full year of 2006 reflected the favorable impact of a $4.9 million reduction in income tax expense. This was the result of agreements with state taxing authorities to settle certain tax positions. These favorable tax settlements impacted basic net income per share by $.54 for the fourth quarter and full year of 2006. The Company's net income in the full year of 2005 reflected the favorable impact of $4.2 million after tax, or $.46 per basic share, as a result of proceeds received from the settlement of litigation related to high fructose corn syrup. This gain was offset partially by the impact of financing transaction costs of $1.0 million, or $.11 per basic share. While traditional sugar carbonated soft drinks remain our largest-selling product category, sales in this category continue to decline as consumers increasingly opt for more variety and different alternatives for hydration and liquid refreshment. The numerous reasons for this shift include an

2

·

Letter to Shareholders

increased consumer desire for specialization and personalization in their beverage choices, as well as an increasing focus by some consumers on health and wellness. Even though sugar carbonated soft drink sales are declining, the total nonalcoholic beverage business is growing steadily. Consumers are indeed drinking more nonalcoholic beverages than ever, and this steady growth is projected well into the future. Accordingly, CCBCC has begun moving beyond the parameters of a traditional soft drink bottler and is in the process of transforming itself to better capitalize on this changing environment. Carbonated soft drinks, or sparkling beverages, continue to make up the majority of our business, and we remain committed to being the very best soft drink bottler possible. We are encouraged by The Coca-Cola Company's energized focus on sparkling beverages, and with the right brand and packages, we believe there is growth potential in this category. Current growth in our business is coming from our very strong low-calorie sparkling beverage

portfolio, water and other noncarbonated drinks. To meet consumer desires, we are introducing new products and packages at an accelerated rate. This proliferation of products leads to complexities, and during the last several years, we have seen stock keeping units (SKUs) we sell grow from less than 200 to more than 450 today. We anticipate this number may approach 1,000 in the near future. Our redesigned sales and delivery systems better position us to handle this SKU proliferation. The first step was to move from conventional to predictive selling, and then to implement the CooLift® delivery system designed by the team at CCBCC. The CooLift® delivery system uses a newly designed powered lift and pre-built sales orders on custom pallets to significantly improve delivery efficiencies. We have implemented the CooLift® system in roughly half of CCBCC's operations thus far. Since the CooLift® delivery system presents such a compelling solution for distributors, we have patented the technology

Tab Energy and Enviga are examples of the innovative sleek can packaging.

Letter to Shareholders · 3

and established a wholly owned subsidiary, Swift Water Logistics, Inc., to market and sell the delivery system to bottlers, distributors and other companies focused on improving delivery efficiencies. CCBCC has always been known as an innovative company, and following that tradition, we established a wholly owned subsidiary, ByB Brands, Inc. (ByB), to create and sell exciting, new nonalcoholic beverages. ByB's current brands include Cinnabon Premium Coffee Lattes, the vitamin-enhanced beverage Respect and the noncarbonated, flavored drink Tum-E Yummies. Cinnabon Lattes, through a series of agreements, will soon be available in 41 states nationwide. Respect and Tum-E Yummies are currently being sold in CCBCC sales territories, and we plan to expand the reach of both products in the near future. We anticipate CCBCC will introduce a number of new nonalcoholic beverage products in 2007 to focus on meeting the ever-changing consumer desire for customization and variety. As we stated at the outset, 2006 was a challenging year, and the third quarter was particularly disappointing. Recognizing this, your Company began reviewing additional resource efficiencies in the fourth quarter that enabled us to improve our financial results. It also

properly positioned us going into 2007, a year in which we must deal with unprecedented cost of goods increases, particularly aluminum cans and sweetener. In order to improve operating efficiencies and offset, to some extent, the anticipated increases in raw material costs, your Company has reorganized and restructured its Coca-Cola franchise business. As a result of this restructuring, CCBCC estimates incurring $1.5 million to $2 million for one-time termination benefits, as well as $1.0 million to $1.5 million for other restructuring costs. In total, CCBCC estimates incurring $3 million in expenses related to these changes in 2007. Your Company's mission statement asserts we will make, sell and deliver soft drinks better than anyone else, and that our values honor God. That remains at the heart of everything we do, and our commitment to our values and our culture is steadfast. We recognize we are in a rapidly changing business environment, and we believe we are taking the necessary steps to embrace and lead this change so we can continue to win in 2007 and beyond. While change can be challenging, it can also be exciting and renewing. The challenges we face serve as a test for us as a company, but we are optimistic because we firmly believe we have the right plan, the right culture and the right people to lead this change.

J. Frank Harrison, III
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

William B. Elmore
President and Chief Operating Officer

4

·

Letter to Shareholders

