Shareholders
 We are in the midst of one of the most transformative periods in our Company's history. We are growing our Company, communities and employees, and, most importantly, our Purpose: To honor God in all we do, to serve others, to pursue excellence and to grow profitably.  We are substantially expanding our footprint and inf luence in the U.S. Coca-Cola system. Recent highlights include: IN 2014 AND EARLY 2015, we acquired distribution territories in eastern Tennessee, Kentucky and Indiana, including major markets in Knoxville, Tenn.; Louisville and Lexington, Ky.; and Evansville, Ind. IN MAY 2015, we signed a letter of intent with The Coca-Cola Company to acquire new markets in 10 states and the District of Columbia, including major markets in Baltimore, Md.; Alexandria, Norfolk and Richmond, Va.; Cincinnati, Columbus and Dayton, Ohio; and Indianapolis, Ind. IN SEPTEMBER 2015, we signed a letter of intent with The Coca-Cola Company to acquire six manufacturing facilities in Virginia, Maryland, Indiana and Ohio. IN OCTOBER 2015, we signed an agreement with The Coca-Cola Company and other bottlers to form a national product supply group which will oversee system production throughout the United States and increase competitiveness through strategic infrastructure planning, innovation planning and optimal product sourcing.  IN FEBRUARY 2016, we signed a letter of intent with The Coca-Cola Company to acquire new markets in northern Ohio and northern West Virginia and to acquire an additional manufacturing facility in Ohio.  Once these acquisitions are complete, we will serve customers, consumers and communities in 16 states in the eastern half of the United States. We believe these acquisitions of contiguous territories will provide opportunities to drive long-term growth through increased scale, revenue synergies, operating efficiencies, local market knowledge and expansion of our adjacency businesses. Ownership of manufacturing facilities in our territories will allow us to operate our entire supply chain and respond more nimbly to evolving consumer demands.  Throughout our expansion, we have maintained our focus on operating excellence as evidenced by our solid 2015 financial results. We continue to drive revenue growth through product innovation and broader product and package offerings, including significant increased distribution of Monster Energy products. We also continue to focus on ongoing cost-containment initiatives and operational efficiencies in our new and legacy territories.  During the past two years, we have expanded our consumer base from about 21 million people in 11 states to approximately 33 million people in 14 states, providing us with a tremendous opportunity to serve new

To our

1

communities. We are working hard to build one-to-one customer connections and brand loyalty through local marketing in our new territories. We are also eager to build our community outreach programs in our new territories to serve and make a difference in the communities in which our employees, customers and consumers live.  Achieving our strategic plans would be impossible without the dedication and hard work of our talented employees. We have grown from 6,700 employees at the end of 2013 to a workforce of more than 9,000 at the end of 2015. We look forward to adding employees in the new territories to the Coke Consolidated family as we complete our remaining acquisitions. Throughout our expansion, we have worked to optimize the transition experience by staggering the transaction dates. Successfully blending our new and legacy teammates in a collaborative manner has been a top priority.  As we grow our Company, we remain guided by our Purpose. We are privileged to sell the world's greatest brands, and we remain committed to disciplined, profitable growth that drives long-term shareholder value. We are grateful for your continued support.

J. Frank Harrison, III Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

Henry W. Flint President and Chief Operating Officer

