 dear shareOwners
i am pleased to report that 2007 was another terrific year for rockwell collins. we met or exceeded expectations and our long-term growth and performance targets in each of these areas: sales, earnings per share, cash flow from operations and return on invested capital. we also further solidified growth prospects in the commercial and government segments of our business with key wins and new product introductions.
Our performance demonstrates the “staying power” inherent in the company’s shared services business model and the balanced focus on our government and commercial systems businesses. it is also a testament to the leadership of the company and the hard work of all rockwell collins employees.
for 2007, sales increased 14% to $4.415 billion, earnings per share grew 26%, and we delivered operating cash flow of $607 million, 104% of net income, adding another year to a history of consistently outstanding financial performance.
Over the last five years, our revenues have grown at an average annual rate of 12%, we have converted an average of 126% of our profit after tax into operating cash flow, and return on invested capital has improved each year since 2002, coming in at 33% in 2007. in addition, since 2002 earnings per share has increased 170%, an average annual rate of 22%. ultimately, this performance has resulted in significant value for our shareowners. Over the past five years, we delivered an aggregate total return to shareowners in excess of 250%.
certainly the robust market conditions in the commercial and government segments contributed to our ability to deliver these results. in commercial systems, delivery rates across the entire range of aircraft, from light business jets through large air transport platforms, continue to hold strong. we are capitalizing on these opportunities by extending our market reach and earning additional market share through new aircraft wins.
Clayton M. Jones
chairman, president and chief executive Officer

2
this year, we introduced pro line fusionTM, the next- generation avionics system for business and regional jets. this new offering extends our product set, expands mar- ket reach and allows us to further strengthen an already solid position in this market segment. Our launch cus- tomer for this new system, bombardier aerospace, will be equipping its global family of aircraft with pro line fusion.
we also announced key head-up guidance system posi- tions on gulfstream and bombardier aircraft and received certification for these systems on the dassault falcon 7x business jet and the embraer 190 regional jet.
in the air transport market segment, our dedication and hard work on the integrated avionics and pilot controls for the boeing 787 dreamliner are coming to fruition. the subsystems we are developing and integrating are on schedule and being delivered to boeing in preparation for the aircraft’s first flight.
Our success winning positions for airline-selectable sys- tems on new aircraft deliveries was also stellar this year. between 2002 and 2006, international carriers, particu- larly those in asia, accounted for most of the opportunities in the air transport segment. in 2007, we began to see increased activity from u.s. carriers. notably we were selected to provide the avionics for continental airlines’ order of more than 100 boeing 737 and 777 aircraft.
government systems continues to demonstrate solid growth rates. among the key offerings that make this suc- cess possible is the common avionics architecture system being deployed on the united states army’s helicopter fleet. Our innovative open architecture solutions for mili- tary helicopter avionics provided a competitive edge as we won positions on several international programs including the agustawestland aw149 and the eurocopter german ch-53 g heavy lift helicopter, as well as upgrade programs for other branches of the u.s. military.
we extended our already strong position in military tanker/ transport avionics upgrades with wins on several interna- tional c-130 upgrade programs, including singapore and thailand. this brings the total to nine countries around the world that have selected rockwell collins’ open architec- ture avionics for their c-130 platforms.
the continued deployment of troops in iraq and afghani- stan is driving a need for systems that enable situational awareness. the need for this capability is so great, we have ramped up production of our advanced gps technology, and delivered a total of more than 125,000 handheld and embedded gps systems this year alone.
in today’s global marketplace, it is more important than ever to deliver on your promises. companies are judged on their ability to perform. at rockwell collins, we have
a proven track record of delivering on commitments. through a continued focus on lean electronicssm we are able to drive efficiencies, allowing us to achieve outstand- ing performance in quality and on-time delivery.
winning new programs requires a significant investment in research and development. Over the last five years we have invested, on average, 18% of sales on new technolo- gies and development programs. for 2007, that investment topped $825 million. these expenditures in r&d are a testament to our focus on providing innovative solutions
to customers and our intention to deliver leading-edge capabilities in the future. a centralized advanced technol- ogy group and centers of excellence for major technology areas allow us to leverage technology investments across the commercial and government product portfolios, maxi- mizing the returns on these investments.
it is important to note that this level of spending has not come at the expense of higher levels of profitability, as our government and commercial systems businesses both achieved operating margin levels that were at all-time highs, and growth in earnings per share has exceeded our rate of revenue growth in each of the last five years — growing at nearly double the rate of revenues in 2007.
looking ahead, i feel confident that we have solid strate- gies in place that will allow us to continue this success. we have identified and are pursuing areas of opportunity that are ripe for growth. we have actions in place to further streamline our processes, reduce cycle time and enhance our already strong engineering capabilities. Our custom- ers are realizing the benefits these actions bring and are rewarding us with higher levels of system integration responsibility on programs such as the avionics subsys- tems integration for the boeing 787 and the mission system integration on the u.s. navy’s fleet of e-6b aircraft.
i don’t want to imply that the road in front of us is free of obstacles. there will certainly be challenges ahead, and we know what is acceptable performance today won’t
be acceptable tomorrow. however, i am confident in the leadership of this company, the focus on execution, and commitment to delivering on promises. we intend to build on our track record of consistent growth and superior financial performance.
i believe that 2008 will be another solid year for rockwell collins. we will continue to reap the benefits from strong markets, a balanced business, and the operational lever- age of our efficient business model. we expect to deliver another year of earnings per share growth well in excess of sales despite significant investments in r&d to fuel profitable growth in the future.
as good as our performance has been, i believe our best days are still ahead. through the teamwork and com- mitment of our employees around the world, we are working hard to achieve the full potential of rockwell collins. we are doing this by continuing to focus on the fundamentals — achieving productivity gains through enterprise-wide lean activities, making smart investments in innovative technologies, and meeting customer com- mitments. while this is easy to say, we know it is hard to do — and challenging to sustain. but it is a recipe that
has worked well so far.
thank you for your confidence in our company. we will work hard to earn and deserve that trust — every day.
claytOn m. JOnes chairman, president and chief executive Officer
 