James J. Mulva
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
 Letter to Shareholders
Delivering More Energy While Building Greater Value
To Our Shareholders:
Although the recent moderation in energy prices may suggest a shift in market circumstances, we believe the fundamental forces that have driven prices upward since 2001 have not changed. For the long term, global energy demand will persistently push the limits of available supply.
At ConocoPhillips, our mission as one of the largest publicly held energy companies is to increase supplies to consumers through actions and investments that simultaneously build value for share- holders. During 2006, we made substantial progress in accomplishing that mission.
The company’s net income in 2006 was $15.6 billion, or $9.66 per share, compared with $13.5 billion, or $9.55 per share, in 2005. Return on capital employed (ROCE) was 17 percent, reflecting in part the additional debt and equity associated with the acquisition of Burlington Resources. Since the acquisition, we trimmed total debt by $5.1 billion, and we are moving swiftly toward a further reduction this year.
We continued our program of share repurchases, which totaled nearly $1 billion during the year. In addition, we announced our
plan for total share repurchases of $4 billion in 2007. Consistent with our philosophy of regular dividend increases, we raised the quarterly dividend rate by 16 percent during the year, and declared an additional 14 percent rate increase for 2007.
ConocoPhillips’ total return to shareholders — the combination of dividends and stock appreciation — was 26.5 percent, higher than the average of our peer companies and well above the S&P 500 average. We are determined to remain competitive by this measure of performance. We will do so with strong, reliable operating performance, a well-executed investment plan, continued capital and cost discipline, ongoing annual dividend increases, and a robust share repurchase program.
Value-Building Investments
For the last several years, ConocoPhillips engaged in transactions and investments to grow and develop the company. We have built a strong foundation of value-generating assets that enable us to compete in a challenging business environment. In 2006 and early 2007, our accomplishments included:
4
 
           The company’s total shareholder return for 2006 was 26.5 percent, third among its peers. ConocoPhillips’ annualized return to shareholders over
the three-year period was 32.8 percent and over a five- year period was 22 percent, highest among its peers for both periods.
40 32 24 16 8 0
S&P 500
ConocoPhillips’ market capitalization was
$118.4 billion at the end
of 2006, representing a
48 percent increase from 2005. The company had 1,646 million shares outstanding on Dec. 31, 2006, with a year-end closing price of $71.95.
Total Shareholder Return
Market Capitalization
(Billions of Dollars)
125 100 75 50 25 0
Year-End Year-End Year-End 2004 2005 2006
(Annual Average Percent)
                                  5-Year
3-Year
1-Year
  ConocoPhillips
 • Acquiring Burlington Resources, making ConocoPhillips one of the largest natural gas producers in North America. Beyond adding significantly to our energy production and reserves, this acquisition offers major opportunities for growth in natural gas resources.
• Creating an integrated North American heavy-oil business with EnCana Corporation, a leading Canadian oil sands producer. This venture enables ConocoPhillips to access a large upstream resource base and firmly places the company in a leadership position in heavy-oil developments in Canada. In addition, the upstream assets provide a secure, long-term crude supply for the venture’s two refineries.
• Achieving our intended ownership level of 20 percent in LUKOIL, an expanding international energy company. Beyond boosting production and reserves, this alliance has created other opportunities, including the current joint development of a major Russian oil field with supply destined for the world market.
• Re-entering Libya with oil production from the Waha concessions, which also possess strong growth potential.
• Starting operation of a liquefied natural gas (LNG) project in Australia that can accommodate future expansion.
• Groundbreaking of a world-scale LNG project in Qatar to provide natural gas supply primarily to the U.S. market.
• Expanding our European and Atlantic refining presence
through the purchase of a large refinery and associated assets in Wilhelmshaven, Germany.
• Restoring our U.S. refineries to normal operations following significant damage and disruptions caused by the 2005 Gulf Coast hurricanes. Capacity utilization climbed to 96 percent during the second half of 2006.
• Completing major refining and transportation modifications in the United States to process and distribute ultra-clean-burning highway diesel fuel and gasoline and to provide a gasoline- ethanol blend that meets oxygenate requirements.
Most of these achievements provided immediate financial benefits by adding production and increasing our capability to make high-value products. Other projects will drive our investment plans and begin contributing to income in future years.
As the company pursues strategies for value-generating growth, it confronts a multitude of industry-level challenges. These challenges (summarized on the following page) are being addressed aggressively as we seek out new opportunities for success.
Answering the Access Challenge
To find and develop future energy supply, ConocoPhillips is pursuing projects around the world and creating a rich, diversified inventory
of promising opportunities. Our view is global, but as access to oil and gas resources becomes more limited, we can evaluate our options from a fortified exploration and production portfolio, which is characterized by our strong presence in North America and the North Sea.
ConocoPhillips 2006 Annual Report 5
 
Challenges to Increased Energy Supply
The international energy industry confronts formidable challenges as it attempts to meet consumer expectations for adequate, secure and affordable energy. As underscored in the Letter to Shareholders, ConocoPhillips is determined to aggressively meet these challenges, with innovation and flexibility.
Access to resources has become an increasingly difficult task for publicly held companies. Direct foreign investment in exploration and production projects is prohibited in some of the most resource- rich nations. Elsewhere, governments have limited the attractiveness of foreign investments through taxation, and other actions inhibit the economic incentive to participate. Furthermore, ongoing political instability in several producing nations has created excessive risks for new ventures. Despite the industry’s strong performance in environmental protection, high-potential areas in the United States have been placed off-limits to energy development.
International competition is on the rise as national oil companies (NOCs) have matured in technical and management expertise and as higher energy prices have significantly increased revenue flows to NOCs based in producing nations. More- over, some of the largest NOCs already operate — or aspire to expand — world- wide, which intensifies competition for available resources. These companies, often with the economic and diplomatic backing of their home countries, can be
in an advantaged position to negotiate favorable terms with resource owners.
Inflation in materials and services has driven up both project investment and day-to-day operating costs. Capital costs for essential materials such as steel and concrete have increased dramatically in the last three years as result of the world- wide expansion in energy activity and strong growth in developing economies. Costs for energy-related services, such as
contracts for offshore drilling rigs, have nearly doubled within the last year in some locations due to the sharp rise in industry activity. Likewise, a shortage of skilled workers in critical areas has pushed up
the cost of hiring or contracting qualified personnel.
Public policy issues continue to delay new energy investments, particularly critical infrastructure development. Progress on major projects such as the proposed Alaskan and Mackenzie Delta natural gas pipelines has been slowed by regulatory and public policy issues. The construction of liquefied natural gas receiving terminals has been delayed or abandoned because
of local or regional opposition. In the United States, political leaders have espoused efforts to reduce oil imports while at the same time promoting steps that would drain away investment dollars needed for the development of domestic supply and alternatives.
 Some 60 percent of ConocoPhillips’ oil and gas reserves and production are within Organization of Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) nations. While OECD countries represent more mature areas for conventional energy development, techno- logical advances have significantly improved our ability to find and efficiently produce additional resources.
The Burlington Resources purchase, completed in March 2006, provides ConocoPhillips with access to large, long-life natural gas reserves in North America that offer the potential for sizeable additions to reserves over the long term. For example, ConocoPhillips is now the major operator in the San Juan Basin, the largest collection of natural gas fields
in the United States.
The integration of Burlington’s operations into the rest of the company has gone well. Production expectations have been on target, and an estimated $500 million in annual synergies will be achieved, which is one-third greater than originally anticipated.
The creation of a heavy-oil business with EnCana, consummated in early 2007, provides ConocoPhillips with access to a huge new resource base — more than 3 billion barrels net recoverable bitumen. Moreover, the EnCana joint ventures provide a secure, accessible source of potential resource additions
for decades into the future. In the downstream part of our business, the venture aligns about 10 percent of the company’s U.S. refining capacity with a stable, secure heavy-oil feedstock supply.
Both EnCana and ConocoPhillips bring strong technical knowledge and experience to this new relationship. EnCana is a technology leader in oil-sands development as well as a major bitumen producer, while ConocoPhillips is recognized as an industry frontrunner in heavy-oil refining and coking. When the necessary investments are completed, the result will be a highly integrated system that will gain synergies all along the supply chain, while leveraging economies of scale.
From a financial standpoint, our relationship with EnCana will decrease both companies’ exposure to the price differentials between light and heavy oils, and thereby reduce the earnings and cash flow volatility normally associated with stand-alone heavy-oil production and processing.
Collaboration in a More Competitive Environment
In the face of increased competition within the international energy industry, ConocoPhillips has been developing new types of collaborative relationships with companies based in large energy-producing nations.
6
 
Our goal is to develop jointly funded projects, where the producing-nation companies can contribute their geological knowledge, local technical experience and political expertise, while ConocoPhillips can furnish technological solutions drawn from our worldwide exposure plus established access to large consuming markets. ConocoPhillips also can offer its considerable experience in managing large, integrated facilities — a critical contribution in this era of mega-projects.
The ConocoPhillips-LUKOIL strategic alliance, now in its third year, represents a successful model for collaboration in the changing industry environment. The alliance enables each company to bring its complementary business and technical strengths to the relationship. Each party has a material stake in the projects that are undertaken, such as the large oil field development program now under way in the Timan-Pechora province of northern Russia.
Most critically, there is a solid alignment of goals between our two companies — not just project goals, but also the broader aspirations of each company. As a result, ConocoPhillips’ relationship with LUKOIL has proven very successful. We believe this strong alliance with a large international oil company such as LUKOIL, based in a country with some of the world’s largest oil and gas reserves, provides a major advantage in an industry environment characterized by intense competition for resources.
Moderating Rising Costs
Rigorous capital and cost discipline has been a guiding principle of ConocoPhillips since its formation. Today, in the face of huge cost increases in materials and services, we are exercising even greater caution and prudence as we consider our current invest- ments and future opportunities.
This year, we expect our capital program to total $13.5 billion. This represents a $2.8 billion reduction from 2006, primarily because we completed the building of our ownership position
in LUKOIL. In addition, we are spending less because we are deferring and re-evaluating some projects due to cost escalation
in the industry.
ConocoPhillips’ long pipeline of investment opportunities
has been carefully prioritized, and some opportunities have been deferred to better ensure their value over the long term. Our deferral of these projects, however, does not suggest a loss of confidence in their long-range potential.
An example is the postponement of a multi-billion-dollar upgrade at the recently acquired Wilhelmshaven refinery. The refinery is a quality asset with significant potential. However, given the estimated upgrading costs, we believe it is prudent to re-evaluate this and other opportunities, and move more quickly to reduce debt and increase dividends and share repurchases. (See Financial Review, pages 8-9.)
The company also is acting aggressively to mitigate day-to-day operating cost increases. Among a number of actions, we are working
closely with suppliers to identify more efficient technologies, seeking nontraditional suppliers, and applying project management practices that reduce costs by leveling out the pace of investments.
Increasing Public Dialogue
Given the major impact that public policy decisions can have on our business, ConocoPhillips has undertaken a proactive effort to build a more productive dialogue with its stakeholders. This initiative stems from growing public concern about energy prices and ongoing opposition to many types of energy development.
Begun in late 2006, the outreach effort involves multiple forums in communities across the United States, advertising, an expanded Internet presence, a speaker’s bureau and employee ambassadors. Members of top management are actively involved as participants in the public forums.
This is a long-term effort, representing an added emphasis within our company to be more engaged in public dialogue on a regular basis. Through such dialogue, we are hopeful that stake- holders of all kinds will recognize that ConocoPhillips is committed to safety, diversifying energy supplies, raising efficiency in energy use, and delivering innovative solutions through research and development, as well as providing solutions to environmental and climate-change concerns. As part of that commitment, the company is stepping up by 50 percent its research and development spending for projects in unconventional oil and natural gas resources, as well as in alternative energy and renewable fuel sources.
Already a leader in providing energy from conventional resources, ConocoPhillips intends to be at the forefront of new, environmentally responsible energy resource development. For now and for the future, ConocoPhillips employees around the world are working hard to provide the energy that consumers require while creating the value that shareholders expect.
James J. Mulva
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 1, 2007
 ConocoPhillips 2006 Annual Report 7
