Letter to Shareholders Dear Fellow Shareholders:
This year’s Letter to Shareholders poses a unique challenge. While it is important to recognize the company’s significant accomplishments in 2014, it is also important to recognize that we entered 2015 in the midst of a dramatic downturn in oil and natural gas prices. So, I will address both themes. Our past and future are connected by an approach to this business that is both flexible and resilient. We believe these qualities are essential for delivering value to shareholders in a cyclical business like ours. As importantly, we have built our company upon a foundation of accountability and performance. We set commitments and deliver on them.
When ConocoPhillips emerged as an independent E&P company in 2012 we set out to deliver a unique value proposition of double-digit returns annually to shareholders through a combination of 3 to 5 percent compound annual growth in both production and margins, with a compelling dividend. These objectives were based on annual capital expenditures of about $16 billion, as well as a significant portfolio high-grading program. During 2012 and 2013 we completed our portfolio transformation, executed our investment programs and maintained a strong balance sheet, all of which positioned ConocoPhillips for production and margin growth. By 2014, we had established strong momentum on our value proposition—and we delivered on our objectives. In short, we did what we said we would do.
“We have built our company upon a foundation of accountability
and performance.”
  ConocoPhillips
2014 ANNUAL REPORT 1

 Notable achievements from 2014 include:
• Met our production growth target by delivering 4 percent year-over-year growth from continuing operations, excluding Libya.
•Exceeded our margin growth target with year-over-year price-normalized margin growth of 8 percent.
•Increased our dividend by 5.8 percent as part of our ongoing commitment to deliver a compelling dividend to shareholders.
•Completed our previously announced asset disposition program with the sale of our Nigerian business. Since 2012, we have generated $14 billion in proceeds from asset sales.
• Achieved a 124 percent organic reserve replacement ratio, with total year-end reserves of 8.9 BBOE.
• Delivered on our operational targets with five major project startups, growth from our unconventional development programs, and improved safety and environmental performance.
Five-Year Cumulative Total Shareholder Returns
($; Comparison assumes $100 was invested on Dec. 31, 2009 and that all dividends were reinvested)
27Countries with operations and activities
$250
$200
$150
$100
$50
ConocoPhillips
A four-well pad in the Bakken where multi-well pad drilling continues to increase efficiency and reduce our environmental footprint.
Over the past three years, the market has recognized our success in executing our plan and delivering on our objectives. In 2014, we ranked in the top quartile of our peer group on total shareholder return for the third year in a row.
2014 Review
Financially, in 2014 we reported $6.9 billion in earnings, or $5.51 per share. Excluding special items, full-year adjusted earnings were $6.6 billion, or $5.30 per share. We ended the year with $5.1 billion of cash and cash equivalents, and a debt-to-capital ratio of 30 percent. Additional details on our financial results for the year can be found on pages 8 and 9 of this report.
Operationally, we saw steady production from our legacy assets, ongoing growth in our development drilling programs, first production from five major projects and success in our exploration program. Our legacy assets performed well and we successfully completed several major turnarounds across the portfolio.
S&P 500 peer
2013 2014 *Anadarko, Apache, BG Group plc., BP, Chevron, Devon, ExxonMobil,
Occidental, Royal Dutch Shell and Total.
A non-GAAP reconciliation for price-normalized cash margin per barrel is included at the end of the
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our 2014
Annual Report on Form 10-K, enclosed in this report.
250
Initial 2010
2011 2012
2 ConocoPhillips 200
2014 ANNUAL REPORT
Peer Group*
S&P 500 Index
ConocoPhillips

                Development drilling programs continued to drive our growth, especially from North American unconventional assets. Production in the Eagle Ford and Bakken increased 35 percent year over year, reflecting another strong performance from our high-quality positions in the core areas of those plays. Across our unconventional portfolio we conducted appraisal activity and pilot tests to assess our resource positions and optimize our development plans. We increased our Eagle Ford resource estimate by more than 700 MMBOE. We believe that we are still in the early stages of fully capturing the resource potential of this and other unconventional assets in North America.
Volume growth in 2014 was also spurred by first production from five major projects across the portfolio: Siakap North- Petai, Gumusut and Kebabangan in Malaysia; Foster Creek Phase F in the Canadian oil sands; and the Britannia Long-Term Compression Project in the United Kingdom. These projects will continue ramping up and delivering growth in 2015 and beyond. During the year we also progressed toward startup at APLNG in Australia and Surmont 2 in Canada, with both projects on track for startup in mid-2015.
In exploration, we discovered oil at two wells offshore Senegal and continued appraisal of our North American
unconventionals and previous deepwater discoveries in the Gulf of Mexico. We also added acreage in the Gulf of Mexico and offshore Canada.
Additional information about our 2014 operations is available in our company fact sheets, as specified on page 14 of this report.
In addition to our financial and operational accomplishments, we continued making strides in developing and applying differential technical capabilities, cultivating our world-class workforce and enhancing our reputation with stakeholders. These activities are vital to our success.
We continued to focus on enhancing our technology, which we believe is a competitive advantage for our company. The year featured numerous technical advancements, particularly in areas where we have large captured resource positions, such as the unconventionals and the oil sands. Among these innovations, in the Lower 48 we are using data from our ongoing Eagle Ford pilot tests to optimize our well spacing and improve our drilling and completion cost efficiencies. In the oil sands we are using technology to lower our cost of supply and accelerate production while reducing greenhouse gas emissions and steam-to-oil ratios.
   The APLNG Project on Curtis Island progressed toward first LNG, The Gumusut floating production system offshore expected in mid-2015. Malaysia achieved first oil in October 2014.
  ConocoPhillips 2014 ANNUAL REPORT 3

                   We further advanced our workforce priorities during 2014. We are building a culture of collaboration, and investing in health and wellness programs and professional development. We believe these are important aspects of our goal to make ConocoPhillips a great place to work. We also strive to make our company a safer place to work. In 2014, we implemented our 8 Life Saving Rules worldwide, with a continued focus on process safety.
We also developed a strategy framework to guide improvements in environmental performance. For the eighth year in a row, the Dow Jones Sustainability Index North America recognized us for our sustainability efforts. We recognize that long-term success in our industry demands strong health, safety, environmental and social performance. We take pride in our accomplishments, but never stop looking for ways to improve.
In the communities where we operate, we are committed to being a responsible neighbor and partner. We proactively engage with stakeholders to understand their expectations and incorporate these insights into our business plans. We have refocused our charitable investments primarily on two signature programs—one focused on global water and biodiversity stewardship and another that is focused on mathematics education for middle and high school students.
By almost every measure, 2014 was another successful year for ConocoPhillips on our journey as an independent E&P company. We delivered on our commitments and strategic objectives. We are pleased that the market took notice. I want to thank our dedicated workforce, our board of directors and our shareholders for your part in our success.
Life Saving Rules
An ongoing focus on safety through the
8 Life Saving Rules
Looking Ahead
While we are very pleased with our progress in 2014, it is impossible to ignore the dramatic weakening of oil and gas prices that began toward the end of the year and continued into 2015. While the duration of the current oil and gas price downturn cannot be predicted, world supplies appear to be more abundant than previously anticipated, in large part due to growth from the North American unconventionals. In addition, global oil demand is growing less rapidly than previously forecast. Therefore, the supply and demand imbalance could constrain prices through 2015 or longer.
  ConocoPhillips employees use sophisticated analysis, visualization and technologies to optimize drilling opportunities.
We responded quickly to the current low price environment and are well positioned with a large portfolio of low cost of supply development opportunities, the majority of our major project spending behind us and a strong balance sheet. Almost as soon as prices began declining, we made decisive adjustments to our capital plans. We reduced our 2015 capital expenditures budget to $11.5 billion, a reduction of more than 30 percent compared to 2014. Additionally, we had more than $5 billion of cash and cash equivalents on hand at year-end 2014, with balance sheet capacity that we are prepared to utilize.
                                                   4 ConocoPhillips 2014 ANNUAL REPORT

 “We know our priorities and we are committed to them—a strong dividend, cash flow neutrality in 2017 and a focus on returns.”
4%Production growth from continuing operations,
excluding Libya
8%Price-normalized margin growth
We are proud of our many accomplishments in 2014. We are also pleased about the fact we could react quickly and prudently in response to changing market conditions. This ability is key to delivering sustained performance in our volatile industry. We know our priorities and we are committed to them—a strong dividend, cash flow neutrality in 2017 and a focus on returns. We will closely monitor the environment and adapt as necessary to ensure ConocoPhillips remains one of the winners—and a core energy holding in any price environment.
Our actions to address the current price environment are driven by our focus on protecting the dividend and base production, staying on track for cash flow neutrality in 2017, and preserving our future investment opportunities. Most importantly, we remain committed to ensuring personal and process safety. Even at our revised capital level we still expect to deliver 2 to 3 percent production growth in 2015 from continuing operations, excluding Libya. This is a testament to the quality of our diverse asset base, with production momentum coming from development drilling programs and major project startups. We are also taking steps across the company to capture cost reductions and will continue driving cost efficiencies to boost returns.
The energy landscape has changed dramatically in just a short period of time. It is difficult to know with any certainty what prices will be in the future. So we are focused on the factors that we can control, while positioning our company for sustained success even in a world of lower commodity prices. This means continuing to lower the cost of supply of assets in our portfolio, maintaining capital flexibility and financial capacity, exercising vigilance on our cost structure, and executing safely on our investments.
A non-GAAP reconciliation for price-normalized cash margin per barrel is included at the end of the Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our 2014 Annual Report on Form 10-K, enclosed in this report.
Ryan M. Lance
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Feb. 24, 2015
ConocoPhillips 2014 ANNUAL REPORT 5
