 Letter to
2 Shareholders
Vision
World’s Largest Independent
E&P
Based on Production and Proved Reserves
“We are well positioned to deliver our unique combination of growth and returns.”
Ryan M. Lance
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Dear Fellow Shareholders:
This 2012 ConocoPhillips annual report is our first to you, our shareholders, as a newly independent company focused solely on our core business of exploration and production.
We began the year midway through preparations for the separation of our downstream operations into a stand-alone company, Phillips 66. We successfully completed this repositioning on April 30, becoming the world’s largest independent E&P company based on production and proved reserves. We have since moved forward through a transformation and upgrading of our asset base and have embarked on a process to develop our unique culture, one that leverages the many attributes that set ConocoPhillips apart from our peers.
Our Competitive Positioning
Competing successfully in the energy industry depends largely on having a vision that is aligned to a quality asset base, capable workforce and strong reputation. Our vision is to be the company of choice for all stakeholders. We believe we have the portfolio and people to make this possible. The ConocoPhillips asset base reflects our legacy as a major company in terms of its size and breadth, yet offers the compelling organic growth more common to independent companies. It also reflects important diversification between a resource-rich North American portfolio, a lower-risk diversified international portfolio and an emerging conventional and unconventional global exploration prospect inventory. We have the technical depth and capability to operate globally in any resource trend, a trait that few independent E&P companies share. Our strong balance sheet is also an asset that provides the financial flexibility to withstand business cycles and invest in substantial projects.
We have great employees – a talented workforce of 16,900 dedicated to achieving our goals. I am proud of them. Together, we believe that we can unlock our potential while helping meet the world’s energy needs.
ConocoPhillips
2012 Annual Report

 Our Value Proposition
Throughout the repositioning and emergence of the new ConocoPhillips, we presented a unique value proposition for shareholders, one offering both growth and returns in a relatively low-risk manner. Our model is built around five priorities:
• Maintainarelentlessfocusonsafetyandexecution–Amongthebestaspectsofour legacy, our SPIRIT Values commit us to operations excellence and the highest standards of safety and environmental stewardship. We will follow these values as we renew our focus on organic growth, applying technology and delivering functional excellence.
• Offer a compelling dividend – We recognize that as a mature business, we should return a portion of our cash flow to shareholders, principally through an attractive ordinary dividend. A compelling dividend offers investors a predictable annual return while enforcing capital discipline within the company. Our dividend currently compares favorably to many of the majors and substantially exceeds those of the independents. Further, we target consistent growth in our dividend.
• Deliver 3 to 5 percent compound annual production growth – We plan to achieve this production growth, as well as growth in reserves, through drilling programs in our legacy assets and sanctioned major projects globally. This growth is not speculative. With resources and development projects already in place, our job is to efficiently execute our plans. In addition, we are actively pursuing conventional and unconventional opportunities that can sustain our growth well into the future.
• Generate3to5percentcompoundannualmargingrowth–Wealsoexpectoverall margins to improve over the next five years at flat prices. As we divest some lower- margin assets and shift our production mix to higher-value products, margins should expand compared to our current average of about $25 per BOE.
• Focusonimprovingreturns–Inrecentyears,wesubstantiallyimprovedtheunderlying economics of our business through capital discipline, high-grading our asset portfolio, minimizing investment in North American natural gas and optimizing our processes and practices. We remain committed to ongoing improvement in absolute returns and closing the gap on relative returns with our peers.
These priorities guide both long-term plans and day-to-day actions. Even though our transformation is not yet complete, we have made measurable progress. During 2012, we delivered adjusted earnings of $6.7 billion, or $5.37 per share, and a return on capital employed of 11 percent. Our per-share adjusted earnings reflected a reduction in average share count of about 10 percent through our share repurchases in 2012. Our operational performance was strong. Total production was 1,578 MBOED and we replaced 156 percent of our production with new reserves on an organic basis. With our major projects on track, drilling programs performing well and exploration activity gaining momentum, we are well positioned to deliver our unique combination of growth and returns.
3
Growth
& Returns
INDEPENDENT

 Adjusted Earnings
$6.7B 4
Total Production
1,578
Thousand Barrels of Oil Equivalent per Day
Total Shareholder Return April 30 to Dec. 31, 2012 (Percent)
ConocoPhillips 10.1%
S&P 500 Index 3.7%
New Peer Index (6.8%)
Financial Highlights
Commodity markets were mixed during 2012, with worldwide oil prices largely flat, ongoing weakness in North American natural gas prices, lower bitumen and NGL prices, but relatively strong international natural gas prices. We are focusing our North American investments on liquids-rich unconventional and oil sands opportunities, while progressing our major development projects internationally. In 2012, we spent $15.7 billion on our capital program, including approximately $800 million related to discontinued operations. In addition to our investments in major projects and drilling programs, we seized opportunities to build our inventory of Lower 48 unconventional programs and captured deepwater and other conventional exploration acreage worldwide. We anticipate investing about $16 billion of capital annually over the next several years. We are limiting investments in North American natural gas.
Progress continued on our asset disposition program, which helps improve our portfolio, positions the company for future growth and enhances financial flexibility to fund our growth programs. We generated $2.1 billion in proceeds from asset sales during 2012 and agreed to sell assets that should generate additional proceeds of $9.6 billion in 2013. We ended 2012 with $4.4 billion in cash and restricted cash, total debt of $21.7 billion and a debt-to-capital ratio of 31 percent. This provides the financial flexibility to adapt to market conditions and, when combined with expected asset disposition proceeds, enables us to fund short-term growth plans while increasing our margins and cash flows for long-term sustained growth. We also repurchased 80 million shares of ConocoPhillips stock for $5.1 billion and maintained our pre-separation dividend rate of $2.64 per share, a yield of 4.6 percent on our year-end share price. Our shareholders realized a 2012 total shareholder return of 9.1 percent for the whole year, and 10.1 percent for the post-separation period, which outperformed our peer group average and reflected general affirmation of our strategy.
Five-Year Cumulative Total Shareholder Return
($)
$125
$100
$75
$50
S&P 500 Index
Initial 2008
2011 2012
Prior Peer Index
New Peer Index
ConocoPhillips
2009 2010
The graphs above show the total shareholder return for ConocoPhillips common stock for the post-separation period and the cumulative total shareholder return for ConocoPhillips common stock in each of the five years from Dec. 31, 2007 to Dec. 31, 2012, compared with the S&P 500 Index, the Prior Peer Index (in the five-year graph only) and the New Peer Index. The Prior Peer Index of companies consisted of BP, Chevron, ExxonMobil, Royal Dutch Shell and Total. The New Peer Index consists of the Prior Peer Index plus Anadarko, Apache, BG Group plc., Devon and Occidental. The New Peer Index was selected after the completion of the separation of Phillips 66 and better reflects the companies against which we compete as an independent exploration and production company. The Prior Peer Index is presented for purposes of comparison. The comparison in the five-year graph assumes $100 was invested on Dec. 31, 2007, in ConocoPhillips common stock, the S&P 500 Index, the Prior Peer Index and the New Peer Index and assumes that all dividends were reinvested. The separation of Phillips 66 is treated as a special dividend for the purposes of calculating total shareholder return for ConocoPhillips. The market value of the distributed shares on the separation date was deemed reinvested in shares of ConocoPhillips common stock.
ConocoPhillips 2012 Annual Report
Meet the Executive Leadership Team

 Operational Highlights
Proved Reserves
8.6
Billion Barrels of Oil Equivalent
ConocoPhillips recorded strong operational performance that will help position the company for ongoing success. Key 2012 milestones included more than doubling our U.S. shale liquids volumes from Eagle Ford and Bakken and increasing our Canadian oil sands volumes by 39 percent. Our major international projects in the North Sea, deepwater Malaysia and Australia Pacific LNG continued on schedule and should contribute growing production over the next several years.
Our exploration program is building momentum. We succeeded in replacing more than 100 percent of production in each of the past four years with organic proved reserve additions at competitive finding and development costs. We ended 2012 with proved reserves of 8.6 billion BOE and total resources of 43 billion BOE. We also reloaded our prospect inventory by acquiring more than 850,000 net acres since 2011 in key liquids-rich North American shale trends, and adding to our positions in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico and several conventional and unconventional exploration trends around the world. We expect exploration to contribute to our organic growth in years to come.
We continued building upon our important health, safety and environmental programs in 2012, recording an improvement in both the total recordable incident rate and in the process safety event rate. All ConocoPhillips employees can take pride in these accomplishments. Great strides were made in sustainable development through use of technology to manage our environmental footprint and uphold our social license to operate. We maintained our strong commitment to the communities in which we live and work through charitable contributions, sponsorships, grants and employee volunteerism.
In 2012, ConocoPhillips made real progress in unlocking our full potential as an independent company. We recognize that the journey continues and look forward to further progress in the future.
As we close a year of achievement and begin another that is full of promise, I extend my sincere appreciation to ConocoPhillips employees and our board of directors for their contributions to our success and to our shareholders for their ongoing support.
Ryan M. Lance
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Feb. 19, 2013
5
Meet the Executive Leadership Team
156%
Organic Reserve Replacement Ratio
