CORE-MARK ANNUAL REPORT 201 5

Letter to our Shareholders
Dear Fellow Shareholders,
Thanks to our team of dedicated and very capable associates, Core-Mark was able to post record results in 2015. Net Sales grew 8% to over $1 1 billion and Adjusted EBITDA* grew over 10% to $135 million. Our proven ability to gain market share and generate results has been driven by our core-values. Through these core values we have created an environment that is family-like and fosters our committed efforts to meet our customers' needs and allows our pioneering spirit to drive innovation. Above all, our culture reflects a deep commitment to generating results for all our stakeholders and maintaining integrity in all that we do. These core values are the cornerstone of our success, and as I look back at 2015, the proof is in our increased market share, our stellar reputation and the growth of our business. The convenience retail industry continues to grow and evolve as consumers' demands change. The number of convenience stores in America today represents more than 34% of all retail locations in the country, and the number of those stores continues to be dominated by single store operators. In Canada, while convenience retail is dominated by large national chains, the industry continues to evolve and new store formats continue to be introduced to meet the needs of the Canadian consumer. With such a large industry footprint, we have, and must, continue to evaluate and modify what we offer our customers ensuring that our retailers are selling what consumers want, when and where they want it. The "Fresh and Good for You" foods are fast growing categories in our industry and reflect the changes in consumer preferences. These are categories and trends that we anticipated. Our marketing teams have been focused for a number of years on the development of retailer programs that embrace healthy food offerings. Our Fresh and VCI strategies, which target these "Fresh and Good for You" categories, had its best year ever with incremental sales of $138 million. These two strategies continue to resonate with our retailers; VCI helps eliminate costs from our customers' supply chain while Fresh addresses the changes in consumer demand. Both improve our customers' profitability and their relevancy in the markets in which they compete. Independent retailers continue to dominate our industry, and our third strategy is focused on providing these operators with solutions that will best support their success. Our Core Solutions Group continues to focus on providing category management and marketing expertise through our FMI surveys which targets this important segment of our customer base and remains one of our most successful initiatives in Core-Mark's history. Along with our Core Data and Core CRM solutions, we are able to create solutions for our independent retailers and take market share from our competitors. The success of these three core strategies is reflected in the same store non-cigarette sales growth, which has increased for nineteen consecutive quarters. We believe that these three strategies paired with our core values are resulting in market share wins and improved profits while giving me greater confidence in our future.
[continued on next page]

Net Sales ($ billions)

Adjusted EBITDA ($ millions)

Diluted Earnings

Cash Dividends * Per Common Share

*Adjusted EBITDA, which is a non-GAAP measure, is equal to net income adding back net interest expense, provision for income taxes, depreciation and amortization, LIFO expense, stock-based compensation expense and net foreign currency transaction gains or losses.

CORE-MARK ANNUAL REPORT 201 5

Letter to our Shareholders
[continued]

At the same time, tobacco is also a very important category for us. With over 85% of cigarettes being sold by convenience stores, we recognize that the distribution of this product is vital for our retailers. The profits produced by this category, provides our company with a platform for leveraging everything else we sell. Providing our retailers with what their customers want and focusing on their profitability is an essential aspect of our core values and a key component in getting the fundamentals right.

Preparing for Future Growth
We have a long-term vision for the Company to be the market leader in the industry, and we are taking steps today to best position us for growth and continued success in the future. We believe that our small market share in the very large industry we serve, should allow us to continue to grow our business for the foreseeable future. It is our responsibility to ensure that we are prepared for that growth, and we take that responsibility seriously. To that end, in 2015 we made investments in a number of areas of our business to prepare for future growth, while also staying focused on generating record revenues and EBITDA. We acquired and integrated Karrys Bros, in Ontario, Canada; we continued to leverage our new building in Ohio and moved into a new building in Sacramento. In addition, we expanded our frozen and chill capacity to better service those fast growing and important categories. We have invested in new software and have instituted a leadership training program, both of which should set us up for success as our organization evolves. In 2016 we will continue to invest in our business: moving into a new building in Las Vegas; continuing to expand our frozen and chill capacity; focusing on training the current and future leaders of the company; and leveraging our new systems and technology. These are all important investments to support our future growth and leading position in the industry. We also take seriously our commitment to increasing shareholder value through consistent, smart capital allocation decisions. While we invested in our business during 2015, we also repurchased more than $9 million of our stock and increased our dividend for the fourth consecutive year. These decisions reflect our belief in the continued financial strength of our business and management's commitment to returning value to our shareholders.

Expanded Partnerships & the New Year Ahead
2016 is expected to be a pivotal year for Core-Mark. We're excited about our new and expanded customer partnerships that will be a key contributor to our tremendous growth. We expect these partnerships will accelerate our growth above historical levels with revenues increasing at a rate between 21% and 25% and EBITDA growth expected between 13% and 18%. We made a commitment to a seamless transition for all our new customers including Murphy USA, 7-Eleven and the 800+ new stores representing the aggregate of additional new customer wins. Through impressive execution, this year we have already successfully rolled out 1,300 Murphy stores, as well as the 800+ new locations for our other customers. As we look ahead, we expect to continue our success in onboarding 7-Eleven in the fall when we will begin delivering to approximately 900 of their stores out of three western divisions. This is a year in which we will be focused on the fundamentals as we take on significant additional volume. As always, we know our success will depend, to a large degree, on operational excellence. I am confident that our focus on our core strategies paired with our commitment to our core values will result in an excellent year. I look forward to meeting many of you throughout the year and thank you for your continued support.

Thomas B. Perkins President and Chief Executive Officer

