Dear Shareholders,
In 2008, Core-Mark celebrated 120 years of continuous operation, serving convenience retailers across North
America. We have worked to build the Company into one which continues to generate free cash flow, has the ability
to leverage its overhead as it grows market share, and enjoys demonstrated success in consolidating a highly
fragmented industry as it expands its geographic footprint.
STRATEGY
Our success depends on the degree to which we add value to our convenience retail customers. As retailers
adjust to the changing needs of the consumer, we have positioned Core-Mark as the market leader by launching
two strategic initiatives. The first is aimed at helping our customers protect profits in a challenging economy by
lowering supply chain costs. Small format stores effectively pay a premium for a myriad of direct store delivery
vendors. Core-Mark offers a logistical platform which consolidates these deliveries in a cost effective manner.
The second initiative is aimed at supporting the most significant trend in the industry today and that is the demand
for fresh product offerings. Convenience stores are migrating from the old tobacco and candy days to exciting
fresh salads, value-added produce, fresh bakery items, sandwiches, juices, and more. In recent years, we have
made infrastructure investments, attracted organizational talent, aligned with new supply sources, and gained
experience in handling these new highly perishable items. This groundwork, we believe, will be rewarded by
increased market share, higher margins, and a solid return on our investments.
Our fundamental focus remains the growth of our customers’ profits. To this end, we offer innovative marketing
programs with special emphasis on “fresh”, cost effective logistics based on a modern spectrum of technologies,
and high service levels reflected by our fill rates and on-time deliveries.
RESULTS & FINANCIAL STRENGTHS
This year was marked by significant successes for Core-Mark despite considerable challenges. We were able to
grow our business at a respectable rate despite softening retail sales due, in part, to a higher than normal cigarette
consumption decline in the industry. This was accomplished through market share gains, an expansion into a new
geographic region in Canada, and the successful acquisition of a distribution business in Massachusetts.
Our most satisfying success in 2008 was our ability to increase our remaining gross profit dollars at a higher rate
than our sales, based, in part, on the successful execution of our two key business strategies which yielded a more
profitable product mix. In addition, as the industry must do, we were successful in transitioning the profits from
declining cigarette volume to the thousands of other products, which historically have not carried a proportionate
share of the supply chain costs.
As in almost every year in this business, there were noteworthy items which affected the reported net income and
EPS in our financials, but had little to no effect on the underlying business. For example, 2007 included a large tax
gain while 2008 included a large non-cash foreign exchange loss. After excluding these and other items, we ended
the year with a 17% increase in earnings per share.
Our balance sheet is strong, we have ample borrowing capacity, we are growing, we generate cash, and we excel in
an industry that is least affected by the recession. We believe the stability of the Company today coupled with the
growth opportunities in the future make Core-Mark an attractive investment.
THE YEAR AHEAD
While we recognize the challenges of the economy, our plans for 2009 include continued revenue growth and
improvements in our net income due in part to our plans to leverage our operating expenses. No doubt, the lower
price of gasoline is helping our customers offset the effects of the recession. We will be looking for acquisition
opportunities and expanding our “fresh” initiative. The organization has galvanized around our recently announced
rebranding which symbolizes Core-Mark’s commitment to the potential of this powerful, new trend of the
convenience retailer’s demand for “fresh” products.
Another significant development in 2009 will be the implementation of the SCHIP legislation which provides
a unique opportunity for our Company and the industry. This legislation mandates the largest increase in the
federal excise tax for tobacco products in Core-Mark’s history. We believe that SCHIP will be accompanied by
a strong return on the working capital required to support the higher taxation, and will accelerate the transition
toward alternative offerings, such as fresh products for the health conscious consumer.
Achieving success in a tough economic environment and seeing the bright prospects for 2009 are particularly
gratifying to me because of what these things say about the extraordinarily talented and hard working people
of the Core-Mark family. The culture of achievement in this Company is special, a factor that bodes well for our
customers, suppliers, and investors alike. We look forward to sharing our future successes with you.
J. Michael Walsh
President and Chief Executive Officer