 Fellow Shareowners,
I am pleased to report that in a year of many economic challenges, we delivered solid business performance in fiscal 2009. We generated net sales of $7.586 billion for the year. Organic sales rose by 3 percent1, reflecting strong performance by
our flagship U.S. soup business, as well as growth in our U.S. sauce business and our baking and snacking businesses. Supported by our pricing strategy and cost- reduction efforts, we grew our gross margin percentage. Our adjusted net earnings per share rose to $2.22, an increase of 6 percent1.
Our adjusted net earnings per share were consistent with our long-term goal of adjusted net earnings per share growth of 5 to 7 percent. In fact, our net earnings per share growth on an adjusted basis has met or exceeded our targeted growth in each of the last seven years.
We overcame a number of headwinds to deliver these results, including adverse pressure from currency and
a global recession. Consumers across the world responded to the recession with heightened price sensitivity, which allowed us to emphasize the inherent value of many of our products. Overall, our team responded with agility and skill to ensure we met consumers’ and customers’ needs and delivered our profit targets. For these reasons and more, I’m very proud of our management team and all of our employees.
Importantly, we achieved our financial goals while continuing to invest in innovation, infrastructure and our geographic footprint to accelerate our long-term growth. For example, we continued to make progress on sodium reduction, which increases the appeal of our soups as nourishing, simple meals. Nearly all of our North American operations successfully completed the transition to SAP, a more effective and efficient enterprise- resource planning system, which we plan to roll out to Australia and New Zealand during fiscal 2010. In our emerging markets business, we continued to advance our entries into Russia and China. In Russia, we greatly enhanced our distribution capabilities through an agreement with Coca-Cola Hellenic Bottling Company S.A., the distributor for Coca-Cola products in Russia. In China, we expanded into Shanghai, backed by continued investment in market research to ensure the strength of our consumer proposition. In addition, we expanded our Pepperidge Farm bakery capabilities by acquiring Ecce Panis, Inc., which gives us entry into the rapidly growing artisan breads segment.
All of this work is consistent with our seven core strategies. Regardless of external pressures, we are determined to achieve our annual financial goals while laying the groundwork for even better performance.
1 These amounts were adjusted for certain items not considered to be part of the ongoing business. For a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures, see page 7.

2 Campbell Soup Company
Following Our Success Model
Nine years ago, we launched a journey to transform our company. Our mission is straight- forward: “Together we will build the world’s most extraordinary food company by nourishing people’s lives everywhere, every day.” To guide our efforts, we created the Campbell success model, which now includes four goals:
Winning in the Workplace Placing the right people into the right positions, and creating a high-performance culture with world-class engagement levels. We recognize that this is a critical first step and the best foundation for competing more effectively in a global marketplace.
Winning in the Marketplace Delivering above- average total shareowner returns by meeting the needs of our consumers and customers better, faster, more completely and more uniquely than anyone else.
Winning in the Community Building on Campbell’s long tradition of responsible corporate citizenship, particularly in the areas of community service and environmental sustainability.
Winning with Integrity Fully complying with the law and holding ourselves to the highest standards of honesty and fairness in all of our actions.
Pursuing our success model has helped us elevate our performance. We are confident that by continuing to pursue our success model, we can accelerate our performance and become extraordinary.
Winning in the Workplace
We have measured our success in the workplace since 2001 through an annual survey of employee engagement, conducted by the Gallup Organization.
Last year, for the first time we achieved a world-class employee engagement ratio, which Gallup defines as
a ratio of 12 engaged employees to every one actively disengaged employee. In this year’s survey, I am pleased to report that we nearly doubled our engagement to 23:1. Our engagement grand mean — the average of all responses to all 12 survey questions — places us in the 82nd percentile among the companies in Gallup’s global database. Now 70 percent of our work groups have achieved top-quartile engagement scores. Among our top 350 executives, the engagement ratio is at an all-time high of 77:1. This means for every 77 executives who are engaged in our efforts to build our business, only one executive is actively disengaged. As perspective, in 2001 the engagement ratio for these executives was 1:1, among the lowest Gallup had ever seen in a Fortune 500 company. Clearly we’ve come a long way.
                                                                                
Campbell Soup Company 3
 WINNING IN THe WORkpLACe
 Over the past five years Campbell has continued to increase employee engagement to world-class levels as measured by our Gallup survey results.
* Measures how Campbell’s overall Grand Mean score compares relative to Gallup’s overall database of respondents
** Ratio of engaged employees divided by those actively disengaged
 71% 76% 79% 82%
05 06 07 08 09
Engagement Percentile*
23:1
     62%
 12:1 9:1
6:1 4:1
    05 06 07 08 09
Engagement Ratios**
During fiscal 2009, we continued our efforts to foster a workplace environment in which people are valued, opinions count and leaders inspire trust. Our focus areas included diversity and inclusion, exible work schedules and enhanced workplace safety. We also broke ground on our new employee services building at our World Headquarters in Camden, N.J. Our employees’ response to our workplace efforts has been inspiring, and we
will continue working on this goal in fiscal 2010.
Winning in the Marketplace
We want to win in the marketplace by winning in all three of our core categories: simple meals, anchored in soup; baked snacks, anchored in biscuits and bakery; and healthy beverages, anchored in vegetable-based beverages. Our U.S. soup business this year was strong across the board with sales growing by 5 percent.
It was our best year for soup in more than nine years. We continued our efforts in sodium reduction throughout the category, and we now offer nearly 90 soups at healthy sodium levels, enhancing our ability to meet rising consumer demand for healthy, affordable simple meals. Condensed soup had a particularly strong year, with significant sales growth in cooking varieties as well as growth in eating varieties. We also had impressive performance from ready-to-serve soup and broth, including the successful launches of Campbell’s Select Harvest soup, Campbell’s V8 soups and Swanson stock.
Moving beyond soup, our sauce business (including Prego pasta sauces and Pace Mexican sauces) responded well to consumers’ search for good value and simple home meal solutions. Our Pepperidge Farm business achieved its fifth straight year of solid performance on the top and bottom lines, and our Asia Pacific region reported significant growth from Arnott’s cookies and crackers and Campbell’s soups and stocks.
In the difficult economy we faced in fiscal 2009, not all parts of our portfolio responded equally well. For example, consumers’ heightened price sensitivity impacted demand for several of our premium products, including microwavable soups, V8 vegetable juice, certain Pepperidge Farm bakery products and our foodservice business. In response, we redirected resources, adjusted our pricing strategy or adapted marketing.
Due to our agility and adaptability within our portfolio of businesses, we not only grew the overall business in this challenging year, but we also increased the relevance of the consumer value proposition across our brands.

4 Campbell Soup Company
 WINNING IN THe MARkeTpLACe
 During the past five years, Campbell has delivered cumulative total shareowner returns above the peer group average.
 Five-Year Cumulative Total Shareowner Returns (Point-to-Point)*
Campbell’s
37.3%
18.2%
peer Group Average
(S&P Packaged Foods Index)
Rolling Three-Year
Total Shareowner Returns
-3.0%
FY09
FY08 FY07 FY06 FY05
   2.7%
 7.7%
   6.1%
  *Dates from 7/30/04 to 7/31/09. Cumulative Returns of Campbell versus the S&P Packaged Foods Index
7.7%
16.2%
  18.3%
 8.7%
 13.8%
 10.5%
We plan to build on our marketplace success in fiscal 2010. Innovations planned for the coming year include:
• The restaging of Campbell’s Chunky soups, solving male consumers’ need for more nutritious ways to satisfy
their appetites.
• A lower-sodium Campbell’s Condensed Tomato soup, with the same great taste as always.
• The introduction of Campbell’s Condensed Light soups, a great value alternative for weight-conscious consumers.
• The launch of five new avors of Campbell’s Select Harvest soups, inspired by healthy Mediterranean cooking.
Also, now 12 Campbell’s Select Harvest soups are 100 percent natural.
• The restaging of Campbell’s Healthy Request line, bringing lower sodium levels to Campbell’s Chunky,
Select Harvest and Condensed soups.
• The redesign of the Campbell’s Kitchen website with many simple meal suggestions under $10.
• The introduction of Pepperidge Farm Goldfish Garden Cheddar crackers helping moms add vegetables
to their kids’ favorite snacks.
• The introduction in Belgium of Campbell’s Soup’ Maison, a high-quality, home-made style, shelf-stable soup.
• A new distribution agreement in Russia, which will allow us to significantly expand the access to our
products in this key emerging market.
As I have noted in prior letters, in 2005 we set a goal to deliver our industry’s best total shareowner returns over the following decade. We expect to achieve this goal by successfully balancing short-term earnings with the need to make long-term investments. As we near the halfway mark, I am pleased to report that our five-year cumulative total shareowner return, including stock price appreciation and dividends, was twice that of the S&P Packaged Foods Index, at 37.3 percent versus 18.2 percent, even though our return for the rolling three-year period ending in fiscal 2009 fell modestly below the peer index.
Winning in the Community
Our corporate social responsibility (CSR) program supports the third goal within our success model, winning in the community. Our CSR efforts are focused on four areas:
• Our relationships with our customers and consumers;
• Environmental sustainability;
• The Campbell workplace; and • Community service.

Campbell Soup Company 5
  Leading with Innovation
We continue to deliver breakthrough innovation around the world based on consumer insights. Our goal is to provide products that delight consumers and offer competitive advantage in the marketplace.
   We firmly believe that as we build a better company we can build a better world. Last year, the Boston College Center for Corporate Citizenship and the Reputation Institute recognized our efforts by ranking us number 2 in their survey of CSR reputations.
During fiscal 2009, in addition to making progress with our employees and consumers, we recruited a Vice President of Corporate Social Responsibility to help drive our efforts in the community. We introduced Nourishing Our Neighbors, an enhanced community service program that brings together all of Campbell’s community activities, including the Campbell Soup Foundation and others, under one umbrella. We announced a five-year, $10 million charitable commitment to our hometown of Camden, N.J., and we laid the groundwork for our fiscal 2010 relaunch of Labels for Education, which focuses this school-support program specifically on art, academics and athletics. In sustainability, we continued to advance our packaging innovations and eco-efficiency projects at our manufacturing plants and in our logistics operations.
We plan to publish our next CSR report later this fiscal year. We are setting destination goals in our four focus areas to provide a clear sense of our CSR business priorities for employees, customers and consumers. For more details on our CSR program, please visit us online at www.campbellsoupcompany.com/csr.
Winning with Integrity
We believe that conducting business in compliance with the law and the highest standards of business ethics is essential to our success in achieving our goal of becoming the world’s most extraordinary food company. We operate under a compliance and ethics program called Winning With Integrity. At Campbell, the bedrock principle of winning with integrity drives all that we do and illuminates all that we aspire to achieve. We believe it is critical to optimizing shareowner value.
 WINNING IN THe COMMuNITy
 Last year, Campbell was ranked
as one of the American companies the U.S. public sees as most socially responsible according to the Corporate Social Responsibility Index from the Boston College Center for Corporate Citizenship and the Reputation Institute. These measures include citizenship, governance and workplace parameters.
   1. Google
2. Campbell Soup Co.
3. Johnson & Johnson 4. Walt Disney
5. Kraft Foods Inc.
6. General Mills
7. Levi Strauss & Co. 8. UPS
9. Berkshire Hathaway
10. Microsoft
Social Responsibility Index
80.84
79.55
79.46 79.11 76.89 75.96 75.38 75.15 74.99 74.83

6 Campbell Soup Company
Looking Ahead
In September, we provided earnings guidance for fiscal 2010 consistent with our long-term financial targets, including adjusted net earnings per share growth of 5 to 7 percent. We enter fiscal 2010 with confidence and with a high energy level throughout the company. We have built an extraordinary culture here and made long-term investments that we believe together will propel Campbell to extraordinary performance in the years ahead.
I would like to thank our employees, customers, consumers and you, our fellow shareowners, for joining us on this journey during fiscal 2009. We appreciate your support as we pursue our success model, inspired by our mission of together building the world’s most extraordinary food company by nourishing people’s lives everywhere, every day.
Sincerely,
Douglas R. Conant
President and CEO
    Chairman’s Message
This is my first report as Chairman of Campbell Soup Company after six years as
a director. I am proud to be associated with this great company and its wonderful brands, and to lead a Board that has long been recognized for its commitment to excellence in corporate governance. Earlier this year, the Board reviewed a sound and insightful strategic plan to build the company’s core businesses, maintain our growth in emerging markets, and accelerate growth through thoughtful external development.
 Two outstanding new directors were recently elected to the Board. William Perez joined us in June, succeeding Kent Foster. Bill has had a distinguished career in the consumer packaged goods industry. After 34 years with S.C. Johnson & Son, Inc., including eight years as CEO, he also served as CEO of Wm. Wrigley Jr. Co. Nick Shreiber, who succeeded Phil Lippincott in July, brings to us the perspective of over 30 years of global executive experience, most recently as CEO of Tetra Pak Group, a leader in packaging and equipment for food products.
After 22 years of service, George Strawbridge will retire from the Board in November. We have benefited from his viewpoint as a long-term shareowner. The nominee to succeed him is Lawrence Karlson, whose wide-ranging business background will enrich our discussions. David Patterson will also retire as a director in November, after seven years in which his experience as an investment manager contributed important perspective to our work. Archbold van Beuren has been nominated to succeed David. Archie’s extensive background with the company and in the food industry will make him a valuable addition to the Board.
On behalf of all directors, I wish to thank my predecessor, Harvey Golub, for his extraordinary leadership as our Chairman during the past five years.
paul R. Charron
Chairman of the Board
For more details, please visit our annual review online at www.campbellsoupcompany.com.
 