1 campbell soup company

"We aspire to be extraordinary in everything we do."
douglas r. conant
President and CEO

Fellow Shareowners,
I am delighted to report that fiscal 2007 was a stellar year for Campbell Soup Company. Thanks to outstanding U.S. soup performance, robust earnings from beverages, strong contributions from Pepperidge Farm, and improved performance of our international operations, our net sales increased 7 percent to $7.9 billion, and our adjusted earnings 1 per share from continuing operations were $1.95, an increase of 13 percent over 2006.
We are well on our way to realizing our mission of "building the world's most extraordinary food company by nourishing people's lives everywhere, every day." Simply put, we aspire to be extraordinary in everything we do. Achieving this lofty goal requires disciplined people, disciplined thought, and disciplined action in both the marketplace and the workplace. Over the past six years this approach has lifted our company to the upper echelons of performance in the global food industry. In time, it will make us truly extraordinary. We now have the people, products, capabilities, and plans in place to fully bring our mission to life. Beginning in fiscal 2005, I committed us to this extraordinary journey by focusing on winning in the marketplace and in the workplace. I am pleased to report that we have made substantial progress on both fronts over the past three years. From fiscal 2005 to fiscal 2007, we increased net sales from $7.1 billion 1 to $7.9 billion and adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations from $1.56 to $1.95. We also improved how effectively our capital resources are employed, as measured by our adjusted return on invested capital from continuing operations, which has improved from 23.6 percent to 25.8 percent, 2 as our pre-tax earnings have grown faster than our invested capital base.
1 These amounts are adjusted for changes in accounting methods, certain tax matters, and other transactions not considered to be part of the ongoing business. For a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures, see page 19. 2 For a reconciliation of ROIC, see page 20.

2 campbell soup company

superior total shareowner return performance *
_r2007

16.2%
7.7%
_r2006

18.3%
8.7%
_r2005

During the past three years, Campbell has delivered rolling three-year total shareowner returns above our peer group average.
Campbell Peer Group Average Peer Group: S&P Packaged Foods Index *Rolling three-year total shareowner returns

13.8%
10.5%





Winning in the Marketplace In 2005, we set a goal: delivering the best total shareowner returns in our industry over the next decade. To accomplish this goal, we decided to target an above-average rolling threeyear performance relative to our peer group every year. In 2007, our rolling three-year average total shareowner return of 16.2 percent was once again well above the 7.7 percent average for the peer group. Campbell North America In the U.S., we took a major step in fiscal 2007 as part of our strategy to align with consumer wellness needs, introducing 32 new or reformulated Campbell's lower-sodium soups. We also added 17 new or reformulated Campbell's lower-sodium products to be launched for the 2008 soup season. In Canada, we lowered the sodium in many of our Campbell's soups in fiscal 2007. Our sodium reduction initiative is resonating with consumers. An independent nationwide survey among buyers of Campbell's lower-sodium soups showed that two-thirds of them came back to purchase Campbell's soups because of these products. We believe this initiative has set us on a new growth trajectory aligned with consumer wellness needs. It is in the wellness area that Campbell has the best opportunity to create shareholder value quickly, credibly, and sustainably. Wellness products--those that address such health concerns as obesity and high blood pressure--are becoming key to our portfolio. Globally, net sales of these products in fiscal 2007 totaled $1.3 billion, 16 percent of our total net sales, with the majority coming from North America--up from just 9 percent three years ago. Moreover, these products are accretive to our overall gross margin. Although soup is a major part of our wellness portfolio, it is part of an expanding array of offerings. Beverages-- led by V8 100% vegetable juice--delivered strong results. In fiscal 2007, the sodium in V8 100% vegetable juice was

lowered to meet the American Heart Association guidelines for a "heart healthy" product. Advertising was revitalized with a contemporary version of the popular Could've had a V8 campaign. The result: double-digit sales increases and bolstered earnings growth. Additionally, V8 V-Fusion juice, with a full serving each of vegetables and fruit in an 8-ounce glass, had strong sales. In June 2007, we entered into an agreement with CocaCola North America and Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc. for distribution of our refrigerated single-serve beverages in the U.S. and Canada through the Coca-Cola bottler network. Beginning in fiscal 2008, this will enhance our presence in convenience stores, which account for the majority of singleserve beverage sales. In Baked Snacks, Pepperidge Farm continued its strong performance. Pepperidge Farm Goldfish snack crackers represented an estimated 25 percent of all category growth for crackers in fiscal 2007 on the strength of the brand's wholesome positioning, increased advertising investment, and new points of distribution. Pepperidge Farm breads continued to grow significantly, with additional offerings in the whole grain segments. In August 2007, we announced plans to explore strategic alternatives, including possible divestiture, for our Godiva Chocolatier business. This was not an easy decision. Godiva has experienced tremendous growth since we acquired it some 40 years ago. However, we have concluded that our major investments should continue to be directed to our strategic areas of focus: Simple Meals, Baked Snacks, and VegetableBased Beverages. Campbell International Following the sale of our U.K. and Ireland businesses, we now have a tighter focus on international markets with the greatest potential for growth within the Simple Meals and Baked Snacks categories.

3 campbell soup company

Our focus in Western Europe is on soup in three major markets: France, Germany, and Belgium, where we have many opportunities for growth. In Belgium, for example, our highquality Campbell's DéliSoup products in aseptic packaging have gained market leadership. In fiscal 2008, we will enhance the line with new vegetable soups in convenient single-serve microwavable bottles. We will also expand our global focus to include Russia and China, where soup--almost all of it homemade--is a staple of the daily diet of a very large segment of the population. With high consumption of soup in China and Russia and favorable results from several years of market research, we are ready to begin a major launch of soup into both of these markets in fiscal 2008. We now have a team of very talented Russian and Chinese managers who are focused on cultivating one of the largest noncommercialized food habits in the world. With our con sumer understanding, and technology and marketing capabilities, we are uniquely qualified to capitalize on this opportunity. While opportunities for Simple Meals centered on soup will be critical to our future success, we are also excited about prospects in Baked Snacks. Arnott's biscuits continue to grow in the Australian marketplace. In the chocolate biscuit segment, Arnott's Tim Tam biscuits, Australia's third-most-popular consumer brand, continued its 43-year record of success. In addition, building on consumer focus on wellness, Arnott's Snack Right biscuits gained the distinction of being the first sweet biscuit brand to earn that country's Heart Foundation's "Tick of Approval," passing strict nutritional standards. Winning in the Workplace In 2005, we set the goal of achieving top quartile employee engagement over the next decade, as well as reaching a world-

class employee engagement ratio. The engagement ratio is the number of employees who are highly engaged in their work divided by the number of employees who are actively disengaged in their work. According to our survey partner, The Gallup Organization, which is the leader in this field, the world-class target is 12:1. We believe it is important to rigorously measure our progress on both these engagement measures as they have been validated as key drivers of share owner value creation. We are clearly making great progress in the workplace. Our employee engagement scores have improved for the fifth consecutive year. We have achieved our goal of reaching the top quartile of all companies in the Gallup database in only five years. Our engagement ratio has also risen significantly to 9:1. While we have not yet reached the world-class mark of 12:1 as a company, we are well ahead of the U.S. average of 2:1. Importantly, our Global Leadership Team (the top 350 global leaders) has reached a record high engagement ratio of 35:1. During the past five years, through disciplined thinking and systematic changes in our workplace, we have engaged and energized our workforce. In fiscal 2007, we rolled out Campbell University, an internal training and development platform that will help our employees grow and learn in a meaningful way, make them feel valued, and enable them to make a difference. Among the programs are courses focused on building manager quality and developing skills in strategic planning, problem solving, leading change, and influencing others. We expanded our training programs in diversity aimed at creating an environment of inclusion for all employees. Our flagship course--Bringing the Leadership Model to Life--is helping employees understand how they can live the Campbell Leadership Model every day.

superior employee engagement engagement percentile*
71% 76% 6:1 3:1 4:1

engagement ratio**
9:1

51%

58%

62%

2:1

Employee engagement has increased each year as measured by our annual Gallup survey results.
 *Measures how Campbell's overall Grand Mean score compares relative to Gallup's overall database of respondents. **Ratio of employees highly engaged divided by those actively disengaged.

03

04

05

06

07

03

04

05

06

07

4 campbell soup company

At Campbell, winning in the marketplace and winning in the workplace must be done with integrity. Respect for the dignity and safety of every employee, dedication to the quality of our products, and the requirement to work ethically and lawfully are fundamental principles of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. During the past year we continued to roll out our new SAP enterprise-resource planning system across our North American operations. We expect to complete the majority of this program in fiscal 2008 and look forward to leveraging the significant capabilities and efficiency improvements it will bring. A Promising Outlook We are aspiring to be extraordinary--nothing less than extraor dinary--by focusing on the global mega-trends of wellness, quality, and convenience in our core categories; by leading innovation; by dramatically improving our enterprise-resource planning capabilities; by strengthening our leadership ranks and the engagement of our people; and by taking our winning strategy to some of the most exciting new markets around the world. In fiscal 2007, we advanced on all of those goals while delivering a superior financial performance. When I accepted the honor of leading this great company more than six years ago, we were very troubled and not competitive. As we enter fiscal 2008, we are more than competitive, confident in our abilities, and energized to create an "extraordinary" future. We know that we have much yet to accomplish. Fiscal 2008 will be a challenging year as we strive to strike the right balance between meeting our financial and business goals and investing in global opportunities, business systems, and continued innovation. Our long-term financial goals remain unchanged: to grow sales by 3 to 4 percent, adjusted earnings before interest and taxes by 5 to 6 percent, and adjusted earnings per share by 5 to 7 percent. During the past three years, we have exceeded these targets. In fiscal 2008, we expect to meet the adjusted earnings per share target, while exceeding the targets for sales and adjusted earnings before interest and taxes. We intend to identify opportunities that will help us continue our momentum without jeopardizing our investment for the future. In September 2007, we increased our annual dividend from $.80 per share to $.88 per share. Our commitment remains unchanged--to create sustainably good performance over the long term...and we will.

chairman ' s message
While 2006 was a very good year, fiscal 2007 was even better. Your company delivered outstanding results. Campbell continues to build momentum in the marketplace and engagement with employees that will support its plans for innovation and strategies for business development worldwide. The Board was very pleased with management's leadership in deliver ing excellent performance and identifying sound strategies for the future. During the year, the Board examined our company's business strategies at length. We concluded that to realize Campbell's long-term growth potential, the company should focus on its Simple Meals, Baked Snacks, and Vegetable-Based Beverages businesses. Our product launches in Russia and China are consistent with this focus. Our new agreement with Coca-Cola North America and Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc. for the distribution of V8 refrigerated single-serve beverages in the U.S. and Canada also creates the potential for significant growth through broader and more effective distribution. After thorough analysis and discussion, management and the Board concluded that Godiva was and is a wonderful brand, but the company's strategic focus would be enhanced by considering strategic alternatives for the Godiva business. The Board has developed a sound executive compensation system that aligns management's interests with those of share owners. Total shareowner returns, compared with those at other companies in the S&P Packaged Foods Index, is the central driver of long-term compensation. Annual incentive compensation is determined based upon the Compensation and Organization Committee's assessment of how well, and in what fashion, management achieved its financial, marketplace, operational, and strategic performance goals during the fiscal year. There have been no changes to the composition of your Board since May of 2006. All of the current 16 directors are standing for election at the Annual Meeting in November.

douglas r. conant
President and CEO

harvey golub
Chairman of the Board

