CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY

|

PAGE 1

Fellow Shareowners, It's been over five years since I joined Campbell Soup Company and we unveiled our plans to revitalize our business with a sound strategic growth plan. We have made significant investments since then -- to improve our product quality and packaging, strengthen our marketing programs, develop a robust innovation pipeline, improve our information systems, and upgrade our supply chain effectiveness. We also have improved our financial profile, enhanced our relationships with our customers, deepened our connections with our consumers, and consistently improved employee engagement. As a result, Campbell is a formidable force in the global food industry. We are a company on the move.

Douglas R. Conant
PRESIDENT AND CEO

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY

|

PAGE 2

Raising the Bar
I'm pleased to report that in fiscal 2006, Campbell's total shareowner return (stock appreciation plus dividends) was 22 percent, making us the top performer in the S&P Food Group. Adjusted earnings from continuing operations were $686 million, or $1.66 per share, an increase of 11 percent over 20051. Net sales increased to $7.34 billion from $7.07 billion last year. Reported results were impacted by the sale of our businesses in the U.K. and Ireland, which was announced in the fourth quarter and completed in August. These businesses are accounted for as discontinued operations.

For example, in continental Europe, our portfolio is well positioned in the Simple Meals category. In the Asia Pacific region, we are aligning our organization around a structure that will enable us to focus better on both Baked Snacks and Simple Meals. Meanwhile, we have created an Emerging Markets group to explore opportunities in two countries where sizable consumer behaviors for soup already exist -- China and Russia.

Managing Costs More Effectively
In fiscal 2006, we successfully completed the initial installation of our SAP enterprise-resource planning system in Canada, and began to prepare for its implementation in the U.S. This project will help us to lower costs associated with processing transactions and managing our information technology infrastructure. It also will enable us to capture better, more timely information to make improved business decisions. We plan to complete our rollout of SAP in the U.S. over fiscal 2007 and 2008. In Australia, we continue to roll out our new sales and distribution system to convert from a direct store delivery system to a central warehouse system. As we drive efforts behind convenience, wellness, and quality, these new systems will improve supply chain planning and profitability.

A Strong Portfolio of Brands
Our product portfolio is focused on Simple Meals, heavily anchored by Campbell's soup, and Baked Snacks, heavily anchored by Pepperidge Farm premium baked goods in North America and Arnott's biscuits in Asia Pacific. We also have two high-performing allied growth businesses: Godiva premium chocolate and V8 vegetable-based beverages. Today, our products are on trend, on target, and on demand.

Launching a Major New Initiative
At mid-year, we took a significant step toward creating an improved health and wellness profile for a major portion of our portfolio, with an emphasis on reducing sodium levels in our soups over time. You will read more about this in the pages that follow. This initiative will span multiple years, as we strive to make soup the ultimate healthy simple meal.

Diversifying the Workforce
As we gain momentum in the marketplace, we must make similar strides in the workplace. We are changing how we recruit and retain talent and identifying new ways to develop, train, and mentor our employees. Our core strategies also reflect a deep commitment to enhance diversity within our company. With the changing demographics of today's global marketplace and its consumers who are driving eating and cooking trends, we are determined to have a workforce that reflects the markets in which we compete. This way we can better understand, relate to, and anticipate consumer demands. The collaboration of various cultures, ideas, and perspectives will bring forth greater creativity and innovation. It offers a clear competitive advantage.

Realigning Our International Businesses
The sale of our businesses in the U.K. and Ireland will better enable us to focus on building our businesses within the Simple Meals and Baked Snacks categories in markets with the greatest potential for growth.

Five Years of Transformation The covers of our Annual Reports over the last five years have told the story of Campbell's effort to once again become a leader in the food industry.
It's not enough to be a legend.

Working

n

momentum

Building

CFUUFS

4JNQMZ

Driving

quality growth

How the people of Campbell are transforming their company ­ by delighting consumers, revitalizing great brands, enhancing quality and productivity, and laying the groundwork for a more rewarding future.
2002 Annual Report

Campbell Soup Company

nnual

epo

$BNQCFMM4PVQ$PNQBOZ"OOVBM3FQPSU

Campbell Soup Company 2005 Annual Report

2001 ANNUAL REPORT

1

These amounts are adjusted for certain changes in accounting methods, certain tax matters, and other transactions not considered to be part of the ongoing business. See reconciliation of non-GAAP measures on page 24.

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY

|

PAGE 3

A Bright Outlook
Ultimately, our success as an organization must be measured by performance. I ended my first shareowner letter in 2001 by saying that change was underway at Campbell ... that we were committed to transforming our company into a winning organization again. In 2002, I concluded by saying we were pleased with the first year of change, but we had much more to do to resume our winning ways. At the end of fiscal 2006, I am pleased to report that we are achieving our goal of driving sustainable quality growth. This year's financial performance not only met the goals we set for ourselves in our Transformation Plan, but exceeded them. On the pages that follow, we outline five key strategies to drive success both in the marketplace and the workplace. These strategies, which have evolved over the past five years, are clearly energizing our brands and employees. We are well on our way to achieving our mission: to build the world's most extraordinary food company by nourishing people's lives everywhere, every day.

This is an aspirational goal that is not easily attained. The challenges we face today are many: to meet our financial and business goals while continuing to invest heavily in innovation, to keep our information systems up-to-date, and to seek out global opportunities for growth. We are up to these challenges. We will continue to focus on consistent and high-quality results. Our long-term financial goals remain unchanged: to grow sales 3 to 4 percent, earnings before interest and taxes at 5 to 6 percent, and earnings per share at 5 to 7 percent. In September 2006, we increased our annual dividend from $.72 per share to $.80 per share. We are determined to create sustainably good performance over the long term ... and we will.

Douglas R. Conant
PRESIDENT AND CEO

Chairman's Message
As Doug described, our company's business results in fiscal 2006 were very strong. We achieved the highest total shareowner return in the peer food group and our growth in sales and operating earnings exceeded the median for the group. Campbell increasingly is recognized as one of the best packaged food companies, based upon the strength of its management, innovation initiatives, and strategies for sustainable growth. The Board appreciates the leadership of the senior management team in building the world's most extraordinary food company and delivering superior long-term shareowner returns. The Board discussed strategies for international operations at four meetings, and concluded that the best strategic direction is to focus, streamline, and then grow its businesses. In Continental Europe, the businesses are focused on Simple Meals and in Asia Pacific, the main business is focused on Baked Snacks. The businesses in the U.K. and Ireland did not meet our company's growth expectations and the Board determined that they should be divested. We support management's commitment of resources to develop Simple Meals and Baked Snacks businesses in emerging markets. The Board followed a very thorough and deliberative process in making these important decisions. In May 2006, John Brock resigned from the Board to devote his energies on a full-time basis to his new position as President and Chief Executive Officer of Coca-Cola Enterprises, Inc. The company benefited greatly from John's experience in consumer products and international, and we are grateful for his contributions. Last year the Board nominated Sara Mathew, Chief Financial Officer and President ­ U.S. of Dun & Bradstreet in anticipation of Phil Lippincott's expected retirement in November 2006. However, we decided this year to change our mandatory retirement age for directors from 70 to 72. Consequently, Phil has agreed to stand for re-election again this year. The Board is delighted to continue to have the benefit of his extensive knowledge of the company and the consumer products industry.

Harvey Golub
CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD

