1

Dear Shareowner,
In July 2001, we launched a bold plan -- and made a massive commitment -- to transform Campbell Soup Company. Despite many challenges, it is now clear that we have renewed, revitalized, and reinvigorated our company and put it back on a growth track. We've rebuilt our organization, recharged our brands, and reinforced our market positions around the world. We are clearly better as a company, and ready for the next phase of our transformation: driving quality growth in everything we do.
In fiscal 2004, net sales increased 6 percent to $7.1 billion. Currency and the impact of one less week in fiscal 2004 accounted for 2 percent of the increase. Earnings per share of $1.57 in 2004 met our target when adjusted for the fourth quarter restructuring charge and third and fourth quarter reported gains. From fiscal 2002 to 2004, we achieved our sales growth and earnings goals when adjusted for the restructuring charge and the reported gains. We generated $2.6 billion in cash from operations, invested more than $800 million in capital to improve our business profile, paid $800 million in dividends, and repaid $800 million in debt. Overall, we significantly improved our financial profile.

In the next phase, we aim to:  Maintain our current net sales growth rate;  Lower our overhead costs while upgrading our operating systems; and  Improve the quality of our earnings by maintaining strong operating margins and returns as we grow. Going forward, our plan for "driving quality growth" means we will drive quality in everything we do. As a result, shareowners will see:  Quality in top-line growth driven by improving volumes, appropriate pricing, and higher value products;  Quality in operating earnings driven by strong margin management; and  Quality in our products, our marketing, our supply chain, and our management.

2

"Now, it's time to move to the next phase of our revitalization: to drive quality growth in everything we do."
Douglas R. Conant

To enhance our ability to drive this profitable growth, we have initiated two plans of action: Restructuring and Reorganizing.

Restructuring
We have eliminated approximately 400 positions to improve our agility and streamline our decision-making process. This has resulted in a pre-tax charge of $23 million, or $.03 per share, in the fourth quarter of the fiscal year, and is expected to generate a pre-tax savings of approximately $40 million per year beginning in fiscal 2005. In Australia, we are converting from a direct store delivery system to one in which we will deliver product to our customers' central warehouses. This will result in more effective sales and distribution. This conversion will occur over the next three years and will generate appreciable pre-tax savings annually beginning in fiscal 2008. In the fourth quarter, we recorded a portion of the expense with a pre-tax charge of $9 million, or $.02 per share. Over the next three years, we will install the SAP enterprise resource-planning system to replace much of the current complex patchwork of applications that support our core business processes in North America. This will enable us to make better decisions, become a stronger partner with our customers, and reduce operating costs. The installation of this system will cost approximately $125 million. Lower operating costs, quicker transaction processing, and improved supply chain processes will generate significant cost savings beginning in fiscal 2008.

Reorganizing
Building the right kind of organization is vital to making our vision for the future a reality. Today, we face much more discerning consumers. We face much more demanding customers. We face much more aggressive competition. In fiscal 2004, we created a new organizational structure for our North American business to better meet this challenging environment and boost our momentum in the marketplace. The new alignment improves our speed to market, maximizes our resources, and increases our overall efficiency. Campbell North America comprises the following businesses:     U.S. Soup, Sauces, and Beverages Campbell Away From Home, and Canada, Mexico, and Latin America Pepperidge Farm Godiva Worldwide

Mark Sarvary was named to lead this new organization. Mark is adept at managing large, complex consumer businesses with a focus on delivering breakthrough thinking and innovation. This new North American structure follows the creation of Campbell's International division in fiscal 2003, under the leadership of John Doumani. John is a seasoned international executive with extensive experience managing businesses in a global marketplace. These two leaders will drive decision-making across all areas of the company to give us more agility and speed in executing plans. Later in this report, you'll get a more in-depth look at their businesses.

Moving Forward with a Quality Plan
Today, we have "world-class" brands anchored in two large global core product portfolios: Thermal (soup, sauces, and beverages) and Snacking and Baking (cookies, crackers, salty snacks, and bread). These two areas account for a majority of our sales and earnings. Importantly, we have both brand power and scale in these two areas that give us competitive advantage, which we intend to leverage fully. Within these areas, we will focus our resources on building our existing brands in wet soup, sauces, vegetable-based beverages, simple meals, and the cookie, cracker, and snack categories. We are also developing a strong capability in instant dry soup. Internationally, dry soup resonates with consumers, offering very attractive price/value propositions while delivering excellent margins for Campbell. In addition, we will continue to seek strategically attractive and financially viable fold-in acquisitions that complement our existing infrastructure.

3

Winning in the Workplace and in Our Communities
We remain committed to our Campbell Promise: Campbell Valuing People, People Valuing Campbell, which embodies a culture of mutual respect. We know that to win in the marketplace, we must win in the workplace. That's why we continue to focus on improving our employee engagement and to measure our progress regularly through employee surveys. We also remain committed to valuing our communities. Through the Campbell Soup Foundation in the U.S. and our many Campbell employee volunteer efforts worldwide, we strive to be good corporate citizens, working to make life better in the communities where our employees work and live.

New Financial Goals
Beginning in fiscal 2005, it is our goal to sustain net sales growth of 3 to 4 percent per year, earnings before interest and taxes of 5 to 6 percent per year, and earnings per share growth of 5 to 7 percent per year from the adjusted fiscal 2004 base. In September, following the close of the fiscal year, we made two important announcements. First, we increased our annual dividend 7.9 percent from $.63 per share to $.68 per share, reflecting our improved financial performance and underscoring our confidence in our future plans. Second, we announced that Harvey Golub, a Campbell director since 1996 and former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of American Express Company, would become Chairman of the Campbell Board in November. He will succeed George M. Sherman, who is retiring from the Board following nine years of distinguished service as a director. I am most appreciative of George's wise counsel as we executed our Transformation Plan, and I look forward to working more closely with Harvey to further strengthen our company.

Progress, Not Perfection
We have made good progress with our Transformation effort. We have rebuilt the company "top to bottom" and put it back on a growth track. Now, it's time to move to the next phase of our revitalization: to drive quality growth in everything we do. And we will.

Douglas R. Conant, President and Chief Executive Officer

Chairman's message
In fiscal 2004, we completed the third year of the Transformation Plan initiated by Doug Conant and his management team. The Board is confident that the actions taken during the past three years provide a strong foundation to drive quality growth in the years ahead. I believe that Campbell Soup Company is now well positioned to take advantage of the opportunities to grow and leverage our brands in new and exciting ways, such as our microwavable convenience soup platform. In November 2004, I will retire from the Board to focus on and devote more time to private equity. I am proud and grateful to have led the Campbell Board during the Transformation Plan. I believe that Campbell is well positioned to consistently perform at the top of the food industry. The Board has elected Harvey Golub as your new Chairman, beginning after the 2004 Annual Meeting. Harvey's record of success as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of American Express Company, and his outstanding contributions as a director and Chairman of the Compensation and Organization Committee of the Campbell Board, make him an ideal choice. He will provide strong leadership to the Board as Doug and his management team continue to build the business. The nominee to replace me on the Board is John Brock, Chief Executive Officer of InBev, based in Brussels, Belgium. John's international consumer products experience with InBev and Cadbury Schweppes will make him a valuable addition to the Board. I wish him and the Board great success for the future.

George M. Sherman, Chairman of the Board

