Campbell Soup Company Annual Report 2003

do not use
Dear Shareowner,
Two years ago we began to implement a threeyear, five-point plan designed to renew Campbell Soup Company. In fiscal 2003, we began building momentum with innovative products, revitalized core brands and reenergized employees.
Net sales in fiscal 2003 increased 9 percent (currency and acquisitions accounted for 5 percent of the increase) to $6.7 billion, and earnings before the cumulative effect of accounting change grew 8 percent (excluding amortization from fiscal 2002 results) to $626 million, or $1.52 per share. These gains were achieved through strong volume growth in the second half of the fiscal year as we passed the midway point of our Transformation Plan. All of our major reporting segments showed top-line growth. Our decision to invest more heavily in our brands through both marketing and product innovation is beginning to yield better results. I believe that Campbell Soup Company now has in place the four elements necessary for any consumer products company to be successful for the long term: (1) We have strong brands that are leaders in their categories; (2) we compete within large, appealing categories with above-average growth; (3) we possess a financial structure that generates the cash flow required to sustain solid growth; and (4) we have an organization that is capable of creating and executing our increasingly competitive plans. With these elements for success in place, we have broadened our strategic framework to realize the full potential of our portfolio and our people. We believe that these five strategies, which have been modified during the past two years, will drive Campbell Soup Company to its next level of performance:

1 Revitalize core North America thermal businesses ­ U.S. Soup ­ Beverages, Sauces and Simple Meals 2 Strengthen the broader portfolio for consistent sales and earnings growth 3 Continually improve product and package quality 4 Drive total system productivity 5 Build organization excellence and vitality
1. Revitalize core North America thermal businesses
Seventy percent of our operating earnings are derived from our soup, hot-filled, beverages shelf and stable sauces, businesses and we -- aresoup, committed beverages, to developing sauces -- and significant we are committed competitive toadvantages developing in competitive taste, nutrition advantage and packaging in taste, nutrition in these and important packaging businesses. in these businesses. Soup > Campbell's soups outsell the leading branded competition in the U.S. by a margin of 7 to 1. At the heart of our program is a commitment to make soups more appealing to consumers by continually improving quality, making packaging more convenient and making shopping easier. This past year we brought this objective to life on all three fronts. First, our reformulated "cold "cold blend" blend" condensed condensed vegetable vegetable soups soups entered entered the the marketplace marketplace with with improved improved quality quality of of those 10 varieties. Second, we delivered Campbell's Soup at Hand sippable soups, the first truly portable soup product.

1

Third, we developed iQ Shelf Maximizer, a breakthrough shelving system that groups soups in a highly visible and efficient way that makes it much easier for consumers to find their favorite varieties. In fiscal 2004, we are building on these initiatives. We have improved 14 more condensed soup varieties using cold blend processing. We have launched an entirely new platform for portability -- Campbell's M'm! M'm! Good! To Go -- incorporating Campbell's Soup at Hand, Campbell's Chunky and Campbell's Select brand soups, all in microwavable containers. And we are rolling out iQ Shelf Maximizer to more high-volume retail outlets.

"We are

creating a

focused

strong,

Beverages, Sauces and Simple Meals > In our North America Sauces and Beverages businesses, we're making considerable progress thanks to our investments in marketing and new product development. In addition, the investments in thermal technology and manufacturing that we have made in our soup business are being leveraged in these businesses as well. In fiscal 2003, our V8, Pace and Prego brands responded to marketing initiatives and delivered both top-line and bottom-line growth. The introduction of V8 Splash Smoothies helped restore growth to the beverage business. We intend to take advantage of the fact that two thirds of today's meals are still eaten at home. Simple meals made from Campbell's soups and sauces will be a theme of our 2004 marketing campaigns.

company."

2. Strengthen the broader portfolio for consistent sales and earnings growth
Most of the brands in our broader portfolio are first or second in their categories, but there is still plenty of room for market expansion. We have accelerated innovation and intensified consumer support to grow sales volume and, where appropriate, market share. Snacking and baking businesses account for more than 20 percent of our sales. Our three core brands -- Pepperidge Farm, Arnott's, Godiva -- have a solid position and opportunities for top-line growth. In fiscal 2003, Pepperidge Farm had strong growth in all three of its core businesses -- biscuits, bakery and frozen -- while Arnott's delivered increased sales and earnings and achieved the #2 salty snack position in Australia through our acquisition of Snack Foods Ltd. Godiva continues to be one of the most recognized luxury brands in the world today. However, its growth continued to be affected by softness in consumer spending for luxury goods. In International Soup and Sauces, we also delivered growth. In Europe, we have successfully integrated our dry soup businesses purchased more than two years ago and those businesses grew. We experienced weakness in our base businesses in the United Kingdom, France and Germany, but we have plans in place to address those issues. In Asia Pacific, our soup business in Australia continued to deliver good growth.

3. Continually improve product and package quality
Two years ago we set superiority standards for our top-selling 120 products around the world. Since then, we have tripled the number of these products that are rated superior to competition and we have laid the groundwork for even greater progress in the years ahead. We are also aggressively upgrading our packaging capabilities across our portfolio. Our work in soup is illustrative of this effort. In fiscal 2003, Campbell's Soup at Hand sippable soups introduced new easy-open, microwavable packaging that proved to be a big success and created an opportunity to establish a whole new platform for soup growth. For fiscal 2004, we have introduced more Campbell's Soup at Hand varieties and new microwavable packaging for both Campbell's Chunky and Campbell's Select brands in a new section within the soup aisle under the umbrella brand M'm! M'm! Good! To Go. At the same time, new easy-open lids on condensed soup are providing many opportunities for consumers to try Campbell's soup instead of other food choices. Our vegetable soups in aseptic packaging have had good success both in Canada, with Campbell's Gardennay, and in Australia, with Campbell's Velish. We are also making significant gains in customizing our products for our customers through innovative packaging.

4. Drive total system productivity
In fiscal 2003, we delivered cost savings in excess of $130 million. This is an important element of our efforts to generate increased funding for our brands. Across our entire supply chain, we are generating significant savings through upgrading systems and increasing the efficiency of our spending. Our new Pepperidge Farm bakery in Bloomfield, Connecticut, and the upgrade of Arnott's bakery in Marleston, Australia, will give us a better cost profile in our core bakery business.

2

Campbell Soup Company Annual Report 2003

5. Build organization excellence and vitality
Through both internal advancements and external hires, we have created a workforce that I believe is second to none in the industry. We have added leadership in critical areas and enhanced our talent at all levels. Additionally, we have made notable progress improving employee satisfaction and morale through multiple workplace initiatives.

Outlook
Our outlook is bright. In U.S. Soup, we are starting to gain traction through better marketing and innovative new products, as well as improved product quality and packaging. Our broader portfolio is also starting to gain momentum, and we are getting better top-line results. We are increasing the contributions from new products, and improving quality and productivity. We expect to further improve momentum in fiscal 2004 through top-line growth across several of our businesses, especially in soup, as innovation and more efficient and effective marketing continue. We also expect to maintain our current level of capital investment to support innovation, ensure capacity to support our growth and generate more productivity. The plan we initiated two years ago is helping us renew our winning ways. We are creating a strong, focused company that can consistently deliver a total shareowner return that is among the best in the consumer food industry.

Douglas R. Conant President and Chief Executive Officer

Chairman's message
In fiscal 2003, we saw momentum building behind our Transformation Plan. Our investments for quality improvements, and innovation with the new microwavable convenience platform, have generated consumer and customer excitement about Campbell's soups. Last spring, the Board completed a comprehensive analysis of the Company's strategic plan in which we developed a broader strategic view encompassing Campbell's entire thermal processing capabilities. We have identified opportunities to grow and leverage our leading brands in soup, sauces and beverages utilizing proprietary manufacturing processes and technology. The Compensation and Organization Committee approved a new executive compensation program that provides more stock-based incentives. We believe this new program better reflects the current market environment while continuing to align the interests of management with those of shareholders. Campbell has long been recognized for its leadership in corporate governance. This year, new governance standards proposed by the New York Stock Exchange provided an opportunity to reevaluate our governance practices. As explained in the 2003 proxy statement, we have broadened our governance principles and adopted new charters for each of our committees. We believe these actions will continue Campbell's leadership in this important area. In November 2003, Tom Field and David Li will retire from the Board. They will be missed. Tom was elected in 1987, and his expertise in food retailing brought a valuable perspective to the Board. David was elected in 1995, and brought a rich background in finance and international business. The nominees to succeed them are Paul Charron, Chairman and CEO of Liz Claiborne, and Les Vinney, President and CEO of Steris Corporation. Paul brings a strong consumer products background, including tenures at both General Foods and Procter & Gamble. Les has a solid financial background, as well as a career in diversified businesses. I am confident that both Paul and Les will make valuable contributions to the Board.

George M. Sherman Chairman of the Board

3

