Our U.S. Soup, Sauces and Beverages business deliv- ered increased sales of 5 percent; our Baking and Snacking business delivered increased sales of 11 percent (6 percent excluding the impact of currency); and our International Soup, Sauces and Beverages business delivered increased sales of 15 percent (4 percent excluding the impact of currency).
We delivered this strong performance while funding our emerging market launches in Russia and China, maintaining solid marketing support across our portfolio, and continuing the rollout of our SAP enterprise-resource planning system across North America.
We also divested our Godiva Chocolatier business and certain of our Australian salty snack food brands and assets, as we continue to optimize Campbell’s long-term growth potential in the three core categories where we believe we have
the best growth prospects: Simple Meals, Baked Snacks, and Healthy Beverages.
In 2005, we set a goal to deliver the industry’s best total shareowner returns over the next decade, by consistently deliv- ering an above-average rolling three-year total shareowner return every year. We are proud that in 2008 our rolling three- year average total shareowner return is once again higher than the average for our peer group, 7.7 percent versus 6.1 percent.
Just as consumers are faced with higher grocery bills, we too must manage rising costs. With that in mind, we are accelerating our efforts to ensure that Campbell products con- tinue to offer excellent value. We are expanding our efforts to improve our manufacturing reliability and productivity, which have enabled us to continue to deliver profitable growth for our shareowners. And, with the continued rollout of our SAP
2
campbell soup company
  “As a more focused food company, we are ready to compete and win.”
DOUGLAS R. CONANT President and CEO
 Fellow Shareowners,
It has been a challenging year for the food industry. Unprecedented inflation and a difficult economic climate worldwide have created the most challenging cost environment since we began our transformation plan seven years ago.
I am particularly pleased to report that, despite these challenges, we again delivered strong growth in fiscal 2008, with adjusted results at the high end of our long-term targets for sales and earnings. Sales increased 8 percent1 to $7.998 billion, and adjusted net earnings per share rose 7 percent to $2.09.2
   1 Fiscal 2008 included an extra week as compared to fiscal 2007. The impact on total company and segment sales was approximately 1–2 percent.
2 These amounts are adjusted for certain transactions not considered to be part of the ongoing business. For a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures, see page 7.

enterprise-resource planning system, we are enhancing our ability to carefully monitor and analyze our costs, which will allow us to more quickly take action when necessary.
We are absolutely focused to win — by sharpening our port- folio, investing in our icon brands, expanding our businesses in emerging markets, and proactively managing costs more aggressively. We are well on our way to realizing our mission of building the world’s most extraordinary food company.
Winning in the Marketplace
Recognizing consumer demand for healthy products, we have made wellness a top strategic priority, one that guides what we make and how we make it. In our U.S. Soup business, for example, we continue to expand our popular lower sodium offerings in both condensed and ready-to-serve soups.
Consistent with our wellness focus, we elevated Healthy Beverages as our third core business category, joining Simple Meals and Baked Snacks. This decision was driven by the con- tinued success of our beverage brands from greater product innovation with V8 vegetable juice and V8 V-Fusion vegetable and fruit juice, expanded distribution through our joint efforts with The Coca-Cola Company and Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc., more effective advertising, and increasing consumer demand for healthy beverages.
Within both our North American and International busi- nesses, we are delivering solid successes in all three categories.
Campbell North America Consumers across North America love Campbell’s soups. Nearly 85 percent of U.S. households
purchase our soups and we work closely with our custom- ers to ensure that we offer value to these devoted consumers. As we broaden our competitive offerings in the more than $90 billion Simple Meals category, we are unleashing the power of Campbell’s soups even further.
Our icon brands, our scale, our range of offerings, our mer- chandising expertise, our bold advertising, and our innovation capabilities give us a significant competitive advantage.
That said, our product line-up in soup in fiscal 2008 deliv- ered only modest growth on the very solid performance of the four previous years. We believe we can do better in fiscal 2009. Specifically, we are reaffirming our commitment to innovation. Within our U.S. Soup business, sodium reduction remains our top priority. During the past three years, we have made sub- stantial progress in this effort, and fiscal 2009 promises to be another solid year for product offerings at healthy sodium levels. In addition, our U.S. Soup business is well positioned around four growth pillars: wellness, quality, convenience, and value.
Wellness Campbell’s portfolio includes plenty of great tasting, lower-calorie offerings, with more than 180 products — better than 45 percent — containing 100 calories or less per serving. Nearly one-third of our soups have half a cup of veg- etables or more per serving. Our lower sodium products alone now total nearly $600 million at retail — six times larger than our nearest branded competitor’s lower sodium business.
In fiscal 2009, all new Campbell’s Select Harvest ready-to- serve soups will be at healthy sodium levels, including nine Light offerings at 80 calories or less per serving. Additionally,
3
campbell soup company
    OUR SEVEN CORE STRATEGIES
1 Expand our icon brands within simple meals, baked snacks and
healthy beverages.
2 Trade consumers up to higher levels of satisfaction centering on wellness,
quality and convenience.
3 Make our products more broadly available in existing and new markets.
4 Strengthen our business through outside partnerships
and acquisitions.
5 Increase margins by improving price realization and company-wide
productivity.
6 Improve overall organizational excellence, diversity, engagement
and innovation.
7 Advance a powerful commitment to sustainability and corporate social
responsibility.
                      
4
campbell soup company
SUPERIOR TOTAL SHAREOWNER RETURN PERFORMANCE*
        FY0
F Y07
FY0
  77
              77
          Campbell’s Peer Group Average (S&P 500 Packaged Foods Index)
7
      Campbell continues to deliver rolling three-year total shareowner returns above its peer group average.
*Rolling three-year total shareowner returns
the launch of Campbell’s V8 soups will bring new awareness of vegetable goodness to the soup category.
Quality A perennially strong performer for more than 40 years, our Swanson broth products delivered again in fiscal 2008, this time with a 12 percent increase in sales.3 The intro- duction of Swanson stocks in fiscal 2009 will add incremental usage occasions for consumers who want a convenient, high- quality base for making simple meals.
Convenience Sales of microwavable soups in bowls and cups now total more than $280 million at retail. In fiscal 2009, we will continue to put major advertising efforts behind these products, which highlight soup as a wholesome choice for por- table meals.
Our innovative gravity-feed shelving system for condensed soup, now in its third generation, has been installed in more than 21,000 stores. In fiscal 2008, we began the rollout of this system for both ready-to-serve and convenience soups. This system drives sales by helping consumers quickly identify their favorite varieties on the shelf.
Value Over the years, Campbell’s condensed soups have consistently offered solid value, providing excellent taste, high nutritional quality, variety, and convenience. In today’s highly inflationary environment, our soups have become even more appealing. While the cost of an average “simple meal” during the past five years has risen by $1.50, a bowl of Campbell’s condensed soup has risen by only 9 cents. As more meals are prepared at home, Campbell’s condensed cooking soups are poised for enhanced performance as well.
We also have strengthened our marketplace position in Baked Snacks with our Pepperidge Farm brand, delivering strong sales growth for the eighth straight year. This year, all segments — bakery, cookies and crackers, and frozen — had increased sales. Pepperidge Farm Goldfish snack crackers grew sales with young consumers and the launch of Pepperidge Farm
Baked Naturals crackers contributed to the strong sales growth in our adult cracker business. Pepperidge Farm’s distinctive cookie line also had higher sales. Driven by continued con- sumer demand for healthy foods and whole grains, Pepperidge Farm’s bread business contributed to another year of growth.
Our V8 beverage business delivered its third consecutive year of double-digit sales growth, as we continued to expand with new offerings of our V8 V-Fusion vegetable and fruit juices and additional lower sodium choices of V8 vegetable juice. We also delivered improved performance across our entire portfolio in Canada and Mexico.
Campbell International In Europe, we have substantially realigned our business over the past two years. After divest- ing our businesses in the U.K. and Ireland in fiscal 2007, our portfolio — heavily focused in soup — is now concentrated in France, Germany, and Belgium. We are confident that this repositioning will provide the foundation for improved perfor- mance in future years.
In the Asia Pacific region, our strong soup business in Australia improved its growth profile in fiscal 2008. Our Campbell’s Country Ladle brand is the category leader in ready-to-serve soups in Australia. We launched soups with whole grain pasta in fiscal 2008 and will be following up with more wellness products in fiscal 2009.
In the emerging markets of Russia and China, this year we introduced locally customized broth products in lead markets that target specific consumer tastes and cooking habits. Together, these two emerging markets represent an estimated 50 percent of the global consumption of soup. Brand awareness in both markets has risen steadily, and in fiscal 2009 we will expand our presence to additional cities and regions within these two countries.
Our opportunities in Baked Snacks extend internationally as well. Arnott’s, the premier biscuit brand in Australia, had another
   3 Swanson broth sales growth excluding the benefit of the extra week was 11 percent.

5
campbell soup company
 year of growth driven by strong top line performance across our savory biscuits with the Shapes, Vita-Weat, and Jatz brands, where we led the category with innovation on multiple fronts. In the coming year, we will focus even more on the iconic Arnott’s brand with new products and refreshed products and packaging.
Strengthening Our Business
To build on our existing capabilities and initiatives, we added a new strategy that reinforces the important role of partnerships and acquisitions in the growth of our business. Our alliances with The Coca-Cola Company and Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc. in North America, and Swire Pacific in China, have helped us, and will continue to help us, accelerate distribution of our products across multiple geographies. In addition, acquisitions such as the recently licensed Wolfgang Puck line of soup and broth products leverage our core strengths and open up new opportunities for profitable growth.
Winning through Productivity
In these challenging inflationary times, we remain focused on driving the lowest possible total delivered costs across the company. We are ramping up our global procurement and research and development efforts to better implement cost savings programs and improve price predictability with our suppliers.
As we near the completion of the rollout of the SAP enterprise- resource planning system in North America, we are beginning to leverage its capabilities and efficiency improvements across our businesses. The news will get even better after we have fully implemented SAP in North America by the end of fiscal 2009, and in Australia and New Zealand by the end of fiscal 2010.
Winning in the Workplace
                                                                                                                                                                                  
SUPERIOR EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT
in fiscal 2008 we attained the coveted Gallup 12:1 ratio of engaged to disengaged employees, putting us into a world-class level of employee engagement. Reflecting our progress, Gallup recognized Campbell as one of the “Best Places to Work” in America for the second year.
We have a formidable competitive advantage with the strong skills, commitment, and engagement of our employees. We continue to recruit, cultivate, and retain people who make a measurable difference, and who are determined to make Campbell the world’s most extraordinary food company.
We are also focused on building a diverse and inclusive culture where all of our employees are truly valued and encouraged to fully contribute their talents. Through our array of affinity net- works, we honor and celebrate diversity and inclusiveness. This year we launched our new BRIDGE network to create an avenue for employees of all generations to foster trusted partnerships and to continue to build an adaptive workplace.
We have pledged to win in both the marketplace and the workplace in the right way — with integrity. Our ethics and com- pliance program reflects our commitment to lawful and ethical business practices and the primary values of the company.
Recognizing the growing importance that social responsi- bility plays in today’s business world, this year we added social responsibility and sustainability as one of our core strategies. To bring this strategy to life, we issued our first corporate social responsibility report, “Nourishing People’s Lives.” It describes the strategic framework, policies, and programs we have undertaken to be a good neighbor where we live, work, and serve the marketplace. Our focus includes our consumers, our workplace, our communities, and our planet. While this is a good start, we recognize that there is much more work to do in this area.
Honoring Our Commitments
At Campbell, we honor our commitments. We deliver in the near term and we build for the long term. We remain confident
                % %
%
1 :1
  % 58%
:1
:1
                04 05 0 0 08
ENGAGEMENT PERCENTILE*
04 0 0 0 0
ENGAGEMENT RATIOS**
4:1 3:1
                                                                                                                                                     
*Measures how Campbell’s overall Grand Mean score compares relative to Gallup’s overall database of respondents
**Ratio of employees highly engaged divided by those actively disengaged

 in our growth prospects and we are committed to achieving superior shareowner returns, consistently and over time. Since we began our transformation of Campbell Soup Company in 2001, we have delivered on a number of fronts. We have:
• Grown sales of U.S. soup for six consecutive years, stemming a long-term decline in condensed soup while continuing to grow ready-to-serve soup and accelerating the growth of broth.
• Led our categories in innovation on the critical wellness front, especially with our lower sodium soups, our whole grain products, and our vegetable-based beverages.
• Built strong growth platforms in Baked Snacks with our Pepperidge Farm and Arnott’s brands and in Healthy Beverages with our V8 brand.
• Focused our portfolio on businesses that will provide the best opportunity to drive profitable, sustainable growth.
• Advanced our emerging market efforts in Russia and
China and reshaped our European business.
• Completed the rollout of the SAP enterprise-resource planning system across nearly all of our North America
businesses.
• Built a leadership team characterized by world-class talent
in our chosen areas of focus and world-class employee
engagement.
During the year, our Board of Directors approved a new
three-year, $1.2 billion share repurchase program. In September, we increased our annual dividend from $.88 per share to $1.00 per share.
Our long-term financial goals remain to grow sales by 3 to 4 percent, adjusted earnings before interest and taxes by 5 to 6 percent, and adjusted earnings per share by 5 to 7 percent. We are unquestionably committed to creating sustainably good performance over the long term. Our mission has not changed: to build the world’s most extraordinary food company by nour- ishing people’s lives everywhere, every day. I invite you to take a closer look at our exciting strategies and plans for fiscal 2009 by visiting our online 2008 annual review at www.campbellsoup- company.com. This new format provides an interactive stage to bring our seven strategies and success stories vividly to life.
We have studied the most successful food companies, and without a doubt, the more focused ones have outperformed the industry every time. There is a new spring in our step at Campbell Soup Company. As a more focused food company, we are ready to compete and win.
DOUGLAS R. CONANT
President and CEO
Chairman’s Message
As Doug’s letter describes, fiscal 2008 was a
very challenging year for our company and our industry. The strong results that Doug and his team delivered in an economic environment marked by unprecedented inflationary pressures are a testament to the energy and determination of the organization they have built.
The Board focused closely last year on the company’s strat- egies for the future. The category of Healthy Beverages was added to Simple Meals and Baked Snacks to define our three core categories. We determined that the Godiva and Australian salty snack foods businesses, which did not fit these focus areas, should be divested. The Board concurred with management on other important refinements to the company’s key strate- gies, including heightened focus on innovation, expansion of product lines and capabilities that respond to the enormous consumer interest in nutrition and wellness, and greater atten- tion to opportunities for external development through outside partnerships and acquisitions. Beginning in fiscal 2009, the company will also enhance its commitment to sustainability and corporate social responsibility.
After 12 years of dedicated service, Kent Foster decided to retire from the Board in March 2008. We have benefited greatly from Kent’s perspective and his contributions in the areas of corporate governance and executive compensation. In November 2008, Phil Lippincott will also retire from the Board after 24 years of extraordinary service to Campbell. His knowledge of the company and astute business insights have been invaluable to us. Phil will be sorely missed.
HARVEY GOLUB
Chairman of the Board
6
campbell soup company
