Denise M. Morrison President and Chief Executive Officer

Fellow Shareowners, A year ago we shared with you a new strategic vision for Campbell. It is a vision designed to build long-term value for our shareowners by driving sustainable, profitable net sales growth.
We told you that our business will continue to be centered in our three core categories -- Simple Meals, Healthy Beverages and Baked Snacks -- but we will have broader category platforms, with investments focused in high-growth segments and geographies.  We also told you that we will be a more agile and innovative company, resolutely focused on the consumer . . . a company more responsive to new consumer needs, demographic and generational change, and the evolution of the global culture of food. And we outlined three central strategies for realizing our vision: · First, to stabilize and then profitably grow our North America Soup and Simple Meals business; · Second, to expand our International presence; and · Third, to continue to drive growth in Healthy Beverages and Baked Snacks. A year later, how much progress have we made in advancing this new vision? More than you may have expected, but less than we had hoped. In this past  year, we've registered important accomplishments, though we've also encountered unexpected headwinds and challenges. · Fiscal 2012 was a year of investment for Campbell. We stated at the outset that we would accept lower operating profits to fund investments in brandbuilding and accelerated innovation across our portfolio. Our investment spending contributed to  a decline in adjusted earnings per share of 4 percent  to $2.44* in fiscal 2012, compared with adjusted EPS  of $2.54* the previous year. · Last year we made significant strides in stabilizing the profitability of our U.S. Simple Meals business. We've
* These amounts are adjusted for certain transactions not considered to be part of the ongoing business. For a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures, see page 15.



Campbell Soup Company

1

meaningfully reduced less profitable trade spending. We've also begun to rebuild our powerful innovation pipeline, with a redesigned process that delivers accelerated speed-to-market. In fiscal 2012, we introduced 41 new soup and simple meal items, up from seven the year before. Our new products are reaching demographic groups with which Campbell has historically been under-represented, penetrating new day-parts and expanding into new packaging formats. In fiscal 2013, we expect to launch more  than 50 new items in the U.S. While we're also taking important steps to maintain the vitality of our relationships with our core consumers, many of our new products are focused on developing our business with groups such as Millennials and Hispanics, and on achieving greater penetration in value channels.

complement to our strong existing presence in  the center of the store, and the foundation for Campbell to become a leader in the rapidly growing, $12-billion packaged fresh category. Among other things, Bolthouse Farms brings us a leading market position in retail fresh carrots in the U.S. and Canada, a growing presence in refrigerated salad dressings,  a terrific track record of innovation and expansion opportunities that are on-trend with consumers  and closely aligned with our strategies. · We've made encouraging progress in some of  the faster-growing developing markets in which we currently operate, including Indonesia, Malaysia and Mexico, and in our export markets. Our Indonesian business posted strong net sales growth last year through innovation in its core brands. Our business in Latin America also delivered solid sales performance, and is now moving forward with plans to accelerate product and packaging innovation and to expand distribution into adjacent geographies. We continue to actively explore multiple avenues for expanding our international platforms, both organically and through external development, in a number of attractive markets in Asia and Latin America. But we also had some significant shortfalls in fiscal 2012. In our U.S. Soup business, our condensed soups and broths performed in line with our expectations,  but our ready-to-serve soups did not. Our advertising campaign, while effective across the soup portfolio, was less effective for our ready-to-serve soup business. We plan to correct this in fiscal 2013 with a new  NFL-themed Chunky soup campaign. In our U.S. Beverages business, we drove solid consumption growth but suffered significant margin erosion, due mainly to cost inflation. At Pepperidge Farm, our fresh bakery products faced intense pressure as a result of industry consolidation, with soft volumes and heavy price discounting across the category. And in our International business, we underestimated the impact  of what proved to be fairly seismic changes in the consumer economy in Australia. Our experiences in fiscal 2012 have helped us crystallize our thinking about how we must improve the execution of our growth strategies.

" Our new products are reaching demographic groups with which Campbell has historically been under-represented, penetrating new day-parts and expanding into new packaging formats."
· Some of our other businesses provided clear bright spots in our performance in fiscal 2012. For example, we drove double-digit sales growth in Goldfish crackers, which now hold a leading market position  in the category. North America Foodservice also delivered solid sales and earnings growth, led by  sales gains in retail fresh soups sold in the perimeter  of the store. · At the beginning of fiscal 2013, we acquired Bolthouse Farms, a vertically integrated food and beverage company that focuses on developing, manufacturing and marketing fresh carrots and  other proprietary, high value-added natural, healthy products. We believe this acquisition presents a compelling opportunity to create shareowner value. The combination of our V8 beverage portfolio with Bolthouse Farms' U.S. and Canadian market-leading super-premium refrigerated beverages will create one of the largest Healthy Beverage platforms in the food industry. Bolthouse Farms also provides an ideal

2

Campbell Soup Company

· First and foremost, we know we must focus more sharply on leveraging  all of the drivers of consumer demand -- positioning, product, placement, promotion and price. In fiscal 2013, we will balance these drivers in a manner tailored to each individual business and category, to optimize the growth of each business while making the best use of our marketing resources. While the right balance will vary by category, you can expect to see disciplined execution of the fundamentals across all of the businesses in our portfolio. · We must maintain our commitment to innovation as a key driver for expanding our product platforms around the world into higher-growth segments and categories. Across our businesses, you'll see new product platforms, new packaging and new flavors. Our new products respond  to the needs and tastes of fast-growing consumer groups -- from our delicious new Campbell's Skillet Sauces in a pouch, for restaurant-style    meals in less than 15 minutes . . . to Pepperidge Farm's new Jingos! crackers, uniquely seasoned to respond to Millennials' quest for bold flavors... to our ethnic-inspired, ready-to-eat Campbell's Go platform. You'll see products  with new flavor profiles created to resonate with Hispanic consumers, and new Beverage product and packaging options designed to address the  needs of value-minded shoppers. · Finally, in fiscal 2013 we will intensify our focus on international expansion, broadening our category platforms in our existing international markets  and exploring external development opportunities to build scale in fastgrowing categories in new geographies that offer the greatest opportunities for Campbell. This year we expect to accelerate the momentum in our businesses in Indonesia, Malaysia and Mexico; evolve our business model  in China; and continue to expand our export businesses in Europe, Asia  and the Middle East. While we have more to do, we believe Campbell has come a long way  in the space of 12 months. Among other things, we have a much clearer understanding today than we did a year ago about how we must manage our portfolio and where we must look for growth. We know that our existing U.S. Soup business is an immensely valuable and powerful engine, but one which, standing alone, will not deliver the levels of overall growth we need to reach our long-term targets. We know that higher levels of growth will come from other segments, other categories and other parts of the world. And we are acutely aware of the many ways the consumer landscape is changing. So  while we must -- and we will -- give meticulous attention to flawless execution of the fundamentals in our core business in North America, we must also shift  our company's center of gravity by pursuing the most promising avenues  for growth in the categories in which we are best equipped to win. This is  precisely what we intend to do. A year after we embarked on this journey, we are not yet a different company. But we're clearly making progress, and thinking very differently about Campbell's future than we did a year ago. In fiscal 2013, we expect to return 

Bolthouse Farms: A Fresh Revolution
Campbell's acquisition of Bolthouse Farms brings a  new platform for growth and  is complementary to our core capabilities in both vegetable nutrition and healthy beverages.

During its 95-year history, Bolthouse Farms has built leading positions in the U.S. and Canada  in retail fresh carrots and superpremium beverages, including smoothies, coffee and protein drinks. In addition, it has a growing presence in refrigerated salad dressings, with creamy yogurt dressings and olive oil vinaigrettes. Bolthouse Farms is perhaps  best-known for transforming the produce aisle with value-added baby carrots. In select markets this year are Bolthouse Farms Baby Carrot ShakeDowns in  single-serve pouches with natural seasoning for nutritious snacking.



Campbell Soup Company

3

to growth in our base business. The addition of Bolthouse Farms will contribute to both our top-line and bottom- line growth. And we are focused closely on the work we must do now to deliver our long-term targets on a sustainable basis. We are confident that our new strategic vision provides the right direction for our company. We know we have  the plans, the leadership, the capabilities and the determination to drive durable and rewarding change for our shareowners. As I promised last year, we are building a company with a broader and stronger agenda for growth. Thank you for your support as we create a bright future for Campbell. Best,

Denise M. Morrison President and CEO

C h airma n ' s M e ssa g e
Fiscal 2012 was an important year of transition at Campbell Soup Company. To lay the foundation for sustained, profitable growth, Campbell made significant investments in brandbuilding and set in motion a new innovation process through which it is developing a pipeline  of exciting new products centered on key consumer insights and critical demographic trends. Management spearheaded a thoughtful re-examination of the role of each of the businesses  in the company's portfolio in North America. Late in the fiscal year, Campbell announced its acquisition of Bolthouse Farms, which will provide the company with significant presence and a new platform for expansion in the rapidly growing market for packaged fresh foods, and complement its existing Healthy Beverages business. The Board is delighted to welcome Bolthouse Farms to the Campbell family of iconic brands. The Board is pleased with the substantial progress that was made last year. As Denise has emphasized in her message to you, we recognize that more work needs to be done to achieve the company's long-term growth targets. The leadership team has developed valuable insights on ways to improve the execution of the company's strategy  for driving growth in our core business in North America, and meaningful plans for expanding Campbell's presence in new, higher-growth segments and geographies. We look forward to seeing that work advance in the new fiscal year. The Board was pleased to welcome Tracey Travis, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of The Estée Lauder Companies Inc., to the Campbell Soup Company Board of Directors this year. I thank all of the members of the Campbell Board for their dedicated service on behalf of our shareowners. 

Paul R. Charron Chairman of the Board

4

Campbell Soup Company

