Right Place
  Fellow Shareholders,
In 2013, I celebrated my five year anniversary at Calpine. I recall being asked by investors during the early days: what attracted you to Calpine? The answer came easily: great assets and great people. The same holds true today. Unlike any other in the industry, Calpine features the right fleet, at the right place, at the right time with the right people to develop and execute our strategy.
With increasing reliance on intermittent renewables and localized natural gas supply constraints chief among their concerns, customers need products like flexible, quick- ramping generation, black-start capabilities and dual-fuel resources that can burn either natural gas or fuel oil. To the extent that customers continue to increasingly value these attributes, markets must evolve to differentiate those gener- ators capable of providing them and to compensate them accordingly. Our fleet is uniquely and ideally positioned to respond to these conditions. Our ability to cycle overnight, to ramp quickly in response to variable loads, and (in the case of PJM) to do so reliably as a result of our dual-fuel capabilities means that the transformation that is underway in our nation’s power markets is one that benefits our fleet.
Meanwhile, we continue to demonstrate best-in-class operations. In 2013, the Calpine team delivered record performance, achieving our lowest-ever forced outage factor and our highest-ever starting reliability. When our customers needed us, we were there.
We are geographically diversified and have scale in America’s major competitive wholesale power markets, having redeployed capital from non-core markets to strengthen our strategic position. Within our core markets, we continue to pursue financially disciplined growth. In 2013, we completed the construction of our Los Esteros and Russell City Energy Centers in California, bringing online more than 900 MW of combined-cycle technology now operating under 10-year contracts with our customer. We also advanced the expan- sions of our Deer Park and Channel Energy Centers in Texas and broke ground on the construction of our Garrison Energy Center in Delaware. These projects, totaling approximately 700 MW, are expected to begin commercial operation in the second quarters of 2014 and 2015, respectively. Lastly, we announced and have since closed on the acquisition of the approximately 1,000 MW Guadalupe Energy Center in Texas. We continue to look for opportunities to strategically invest
The transformation that is now underway in the U.S. power market – an increasing prioritization of flexibility and reliability by our customers – is further enhancing the value of our fleet. The cleanliness, efficiency and affordability of our power gen- eration assets has always made them a valuable resource. But more and more, our customers want the operating attributes they need, not just “steel in the ground.”
in growth in our core markets, always mindful that we have an alternative investment that we believe offers attractive returns: reinvesting in our existing portfolio through
share repurchases.
 Right Fleet
We have expanded our fleet of efficient, combined-cycle power plants in Texas through the acquisition of Guadalupe Energy Center.
Right Time
Sustained low natural gas prices coupled with localized supply issues. Increasing penetration of intermittent renewable resources. More stringent environmental regulations. An aging electrical infrastructure. These are the secular trends we face today that will define the power generation sector of tomorrow. At this critical juncture, and in the face of these forces, Calpine is equipped to thrive. Each of these key trends points to the dawning of a new age of increased volatility in our power markets, and unlike baseload generators, Calpine’s flexible fleet benefits from these conditions.
The heightened volatility is driven not only by temporal weather extremes (though we have seen plenty of these of late); it is also driven by longer-term natural gas and regional dynamics. On the natural gas front, the growing discount of

Marcellus Hub pricing to Henry Hub (outside of winter) stands to pressure older, less efficient plants in the Mid-Atlantic, potentially signaling another round of retirements. Further- more, deliverability concerns of getting natural gas to the right places at the right times will continue to drive regional volatility. Meanwhile, underlying power dynamics in our core regions signal further volatility: in the East, driven by significant capacity retirements and increasing reliance on demand response to meet reserve margin requirements; in Texas, by an energy-only market dependent upon scarcity pricing; and in California, by an increasing reliance upon intermittent renewables.
New generation – whether to replace retiring units or to satisfy growing demand – will be needed in various portions of the U.S., and the flexibility, reliability and affordability of natural gas-fired generation makes it the compelling choice. Existing generation that offers flexibility and reliability needs to be compensated to stay online to support the increasing volatility in our markets. Calpine stands ready to capitalize on these trends.
In 2013, our capital allocation efforts resulted in the invest- ment of nearly $400 million in growth capital, the refinancing or repricing of approximately $6 billion of our debt, and the repurchase of $623 million of our own shares of stock. The result of these efforts, when combined with our relentless focus on operational excellence throughout the business, was a 27% increase in Adjusted Free Cash Flow Per Share compared to 2012. My thanks and congratulations to the entire Calpine team for their efforts.
The work of our employees in 2013 didn’t stop at the gates of our facilities or the doors of our offices. It extended into our communities, resulting in a total of nearly 200 new bicycles donated to The Boys and Girls Clubs of Greater Houston during the holidays, hundreds of new trees planted across the coun- try in honor of Earth Day, more than 250 runners and cyclists challenging themselves for worthy causes in the MS-150 and Houston Marathon, and approximately $2 million donated to local and national charities. I am proud to be a part of such a dedicated team.
Calpine was recognized as the top corporate fundraising team in the 2013 Houston Marathon and Half Marathon, with more than $140,000 raised for two charities.
As I look ahead to 2014, I will begin my transition to a new role here at Calpine, that of Executive Chairman. During my time as Chief Executive Officer, we accomplished much; yet there is more work that lies ahead. I believe that Thad Hill, Calpine’s next CEO, is the right person to lead the charge day- to-day, and he will have my full support in doing so. I remain committed to Calpine, still firm in the very belief that brought me here in the first place: that Calpine has the best assets and the best people in the business. I thank you all for your continued support of Calpine.
Sincerely,
   Supporting Our Competitive Advantage
The competitively advantaged position enjoyed by Calpine’s fleet is supported by several additional factors that the Calpine team works hard to deliver in order to maximize the value of the business:
• operating leverage provided by a scalable asset base and lean cost structure
• financial leverage, as demonstrated by the extensive value secured through our refinancing initiatives conducted over the past few years
• leadership in advocating for competitive wholesale power markets that provide transparency and appropriate formation of pricing signals and
• effective allocation of capital.
  In 2013, we allocated approximately $400 million toward organic growth, including the commencement of construction at our Garrison Energy Center in Delaware.
Jack A. Fusco
Chief Executive Officer
