Eric C. Fast
President and Chief Executive Officer

"We have established a strong base for future growth."
Dear Shareholder: 2005 was a very good year for Crane Co., as we produced solid increases in earnings and cash flow, strengthened our management team throughout the Company and celebrated our 150th year in business. Our performance in 2005 and our very strong financial condition provide a solid foundation for future growth. Earnings per share reached $2.25 in 2005, up 14% from the $1.98 recorded in 2004 (after adjusting 2004 to eliminate asbestos and environmental charges of $3.87 and a gain of 11 cents from the sale of a small fittings business). Free cash flow improved substantially to $154 million, or 75%, from $88 million the prior year. In July, our Board of Directors increased the quarterly dividend 25% to $.125 per share to reflect our confidence in the Company's business. The increase was the first since 1998. Our earnings per share guidance of $2.45 to $2.60 for 2006 is a further indication of that confidence and our expectations for continued solid growth. Our balance sheet at year-end showed a conservative ratio of net debt to capital of 13.1%, down from 27.1% at the end of 2004. We had cash of $180 million at year-end, and we have available a credit facility of $300 million. Financial Results Sales in 2005 increased $171 million, or 9%, to $2.061 billion compared with $1.890 billion in 2004. Core sales growth accounted for $157 million of the gain, and $14 million resulted from favorable foreign currency exchange. Each of our business segments, except Merchandising Systems, contributed to the core sales growth. Fluid Handling accounted for the largest part, $92 million, and Aerospace & Electronics, Engineered Materials, and Controls contributed $42 million, $29 million and $10 million, respectively. We were pleased with this sales growth, as it reflected the strength of our businesses in their markets, which are positioned to do well later in the economic cycle. Operating profit of $214 million increased $28 million, or 15%, from $186 million (as adjusted). Four of the five operating segments contributed to the gain, with Aerospace & Electronics the exception. Fluid Handling contributed $24 million of the increase, reflecting the strong sales growth and strong margin improvement from 6.1% to 8.0%. In the Engineered Materials segment, operating profit increased $9 million, or 17%, benefiting from price increases, market share gains and operational improvement initiatives. For the Merchandising Systems segment, productivity gains from cost reduction activities, including negotiated procurement savings, outsourcing and value engineering, led to an operating profit increase in spite of softer industry-wide sales. Aerospace & Electronics segment operating profit was off $7 million, or 7%, reflecting a difficult first half of the year in Electronics from throughput issues and lower margin contracts. Substantial investments in facility rationalization and engineering spending for new program wins in the Aerospace Group also reduced margins. Importantly, the Aerospace & Electronics segment operating profit in the third and fourth quarters was improved over the prior year, giving us good momentum for 2006.
11

"I am resolved to conduct my business in the strictest honesty and fairness; to avoid all deception and trickery; to deal fairly with both customers and competitors; to be liberal and just toward employees and to put my whole mind upon the business." R.T. Crane, July 4, 1855
12

150 years together

letter to shareholders

Operating margin increased to 10.4% from 9.9% in 2004 with margins improving in all segments except Aerospace & Electronics. Price increases and productivity improvements in the Fluid Handling and Engineered Materials segments and cost reduction activities in the Merchandising Systems segment were chiefly responsible. While Aerospace & Electronics' margins were down in 2005 overall, they improved to above 17% in the second half, a level we expect to sustain in 2006. Net income in 2005 was $136 million, or $2.25 per share, compared with $117 million, or $1.98 per share (before asbestos and environmental charges and the 11 cent gain from the sale of the Victaulic fittings product line in December 2004). The 2005 earnings per share result of $2.25 is at the top end of the range of guidance provided in last year's Annual Report of $2.10 to $2.25. Operating activities in 2005 generated cash flow of $182 million, an increase over the $111 million generated in the prior year. After capital expenditures of $27 million, free cash flow in 2005 was $154 million compared with $88 million in 2004. Free cash flow was used to pay dividends ($27 million) and for acquisitions ($9 million). Intellectual Capital In 2005, there were important additions to and changes in the leadership team reporting directly to me. Early in the year, J. Robert Vipond joined Crane as Chief Financial Officer, a position that I had been filling on a temporary basis because of our prior CFO's illness. In a newly created position, Curtis P. Robb joined at mid-year as Vice President, Business Development and Strategic Planning, to reinforce our acquisition efforts and to align them more effectively with our strategy. In April, Max H. Mitchell was promoted to President, Fluid Handling from his Vice President Operational Excellence role, where he was replaced by Thomas Perlitz, who joins us after ten years at Danaher Corporation. With the planned retirement during the year of Richard Schueller as President of Engineered Materials, Daniel L. Colbert joined us in May, bringing a wealth of experience from his roles at General Electric and Sears. Finally, in December, David Bender was appointed President of the Electronics Group, replacing Douglas Spitler who had been acting as an interim leader in addition to his Controls Group responsibilities. We also made more progress in strengthening the management teams throughout Crane in 2005 than in any of my five years here. A principal focus of these changes was in operations management, and key new hires and promotions included the VP Operations for the Aerospace Group, site leaders in Electronics and operating leadership in key Fluid Handling units.

Asbestos During 2005, the Company incurred $45.1 million in asbestosrelated defense and settlement costs as compared with $40.9 million in 2004 and $21.1 million in 2003. Of the $45.1 million in costs, $27.7 million was for our defense and $17.4 million was for settlements. The number of new claims filed against the Company in 2005 was 7,986, substantially down from 18,932 in 2004 and 19,115 in 2003. We continue to vigorously defend ourselves in the courts and are encouraged by the actions taken at the state level for tort reform. We remain strongly supportive of a federal legislative solution. 150th Celebration Our 150th year provided the opportunity to enhance knowledge and understanding of the Crane culture throughout our organization. A messaging and communication program built around the theme of "150 years together and just getting started" was aimed at reinforcing the seminal importance of Crane core values for our far-flung employees. For example, a twelve-month series of posters (shown in our last Annual Report) were displayed and discussed in every Crane facility throughout the world. Highlighting such Crane values as "Strength through integrity", "Customer focus", "Performance culture based on trust and respect", and "Good people make good things happen", the posters were designed to help our people identify with the foundation on which we are continuing to build a rich history for Crane. We published a history of the Company from 1855 to the present, which chronicles Crane's values in action, the ingenuity and adaptability of Crane's people, and innovations introduced by the Company over the past 150 years that help make everyday life run smoothly. All of these activities throughout the year enriched our common experience of shared values, shared pride and shared history, and bound us together more deeply. Strategy Review The strategy for profitable growth that we established in 2000 has remained constant. It begins with the credo put forth by our founder 150 years ago, "I am resolved to conduct my business in the strictest honesty and fairness; to avoid all deception and trickery; to deal fairly with both customers and competitors; to be liberal and just toward employees and to put my whole mind upon the business." Our objective is to create value for our shareholders by building sustainable competitive advantages. We focus on niche markets in which we have strong positions that produce high returns and cash flow. Our strategy is to be a more integrated operating Company, to grow profits and cash flow from existing operations by materially improving our businesses and by strategic linkages and "portfolio trimming". To improve our businesses, we leverage

13

our intellectual capital (making the best use of our people), we focus on the customer with an emphasis on on-time delivery, quality and shorter lead times, and we drive operational excellence throughout the Company. An important element in our strategy is the utilization of the strong free cash flow generated by our businesses for acquisitions that will further strengthen those businesses and enhance their growth. While our strategy has remained constant, each year we strive to improve how we execute. We believe that we have become a much more disciplined Company, one that continually upgrades and refines the critical processes that are essential for material improvement of our businesses. Equally important, we are ensuring that these processes are understood and utilized not just by our managers, but also by "Everyone, Everywhere." We use the mantra "Everyone, Everywhere" to emphasize internally and externally the importance of employees throughout our Company being fully committed to a culture of continuous improvement, knowledgeable about our strategy, and eager to participate constructively in its deployment. Over the last few years, we have recognized increasingly that the strength of our Company begins at its roots, in the cells that are the smallest value-producing units at Crane. We are managing so that each and every person, whatever their role, takes ownership of the output of the cell in which they work and pride in the contribution it makes in meeting the needs of all of the Company's stakeholders -- shareholders, customers and fellow employees. A sense of urgency about doing things faster, better and easier is our goal. There are a number of elements in our heightened focus on building from the bottom up. We are expanding training at all levels of the Company in the tools and processes needed to achieve our goals. In daily walk-throughs of workplaces, managers are engaging in full communication, listening actively, and responding promptly to clear roadblocks to enable employees to work more efficiently at achieving metrics that are the backbone of our strategy. Cell members themselves are the primary participants in the creation of standard work and transformed visual workplaces that enable everyone to see goals and progress at a glance. We have worked hard at strengthening and training to create empowered, thinking teams under strong cell leadership. These actions, as ordinary as they may seem, are producing tangible benefits in improved customer metrics and operational efficiencies at the cell level. A few of these are described elsewhere in this annual report to show you on a micro level the types of improvements that are taking place on a weekly basis throughout Crane and that, taken together, account for the improved financial results discussed above.

2006 Outlook Building on the solid foundation we have established over the past several years and our momentum from 2005, our prospects are bright for 2006. We expect our current businesses to grow, with EPS up to $2.45-$2.60 from $2.25 in 2005 and free cash flow up to $165 million from a strong $154 million in 2005. We have considerable momentum as our businesses performed strongly in the second half of 2005, and we expect good markets and improving margins in both Aerospace & Electronics and Fluid Handling to provide solid growth from our existing businesses. In addition to this strong core growth, we are aggressively looking for acquisitions that will accelerate this growth. With $180 million of cash on hand at the end of 2005, the $165 million free cash flow expected in 2006 and our strong balance sheet, considerable resources will be available to accelerate this earnings growth. Significantly, our acquisition efforts throughout 2005 were brought to fruition in January 2006 with an important strategic acquisition, CashCode Inc., that strengthens our Merchandising Systems business. CashCode, which was acquired for $86 million, manufactures banknote validators for use in a variety of niche applications in the vending, gaming, retailing and transportation industries. Its well-recognized bill technology, aligned with the coin validation systems of our National Rejectors (NRI) business, will now allow us to offer our customers a fully integrated payment system, leveraging our vending equipment sales on a worldwide level. At our 150th anniversary celebration in Ipswich, Massachusetts, at the R.T. Crane, Jr. estate, the assembled group heard a closing speech by The Reverend Peter J. Gomes of Memorial Church at Harvard. He concluded an inspiring talk by giving us this birthday wish: "May your future be worthy of your past." Respectful and proud as I am of our history, I nonetheless believe we have the people, the values, the strategy and the tools to make that wish for our future a reality. I would like to express my sincere appreciation for the diligent work during the last year of our employees throughout the Company and our Board of Directors. Dwight Minton, who has served on our Board for 23 years, has decided to not stand for re-election this April. His wise counsel to Shell Evans and me over this period has been invaluable to the success of our Company. We are very pleased to welcome two new directors, General Donald Cook, recently retired four star General in the Air Force, and Ronald McKenna, the retired CEO of Hamilton Sundstrand, a unit of United Technologies. I would also like to thank our shareholders and our customers for the confidence they have shown in Crane. Sincerely,

14

Eric C. Fast
President and Chief Executive Officer february 27, 2006

