letter to shareholders

Our achievements included:

·

Market share gains in Merchandising Systems, Engineered Materials and parts of Electronics; substantial progress on four major Aerospace development programs; and positioning Fluid Handling for growth in global emerging markets with the addition of new sales resources; Costs that were reduced by $175 million, or 8% of sales, enabling us to show significantly improved operating margins in the third and fourth quarter of the year on lower sales; Over 800 Kaizen events that were instrumental in helping us continue our focus on materially improving our businesses; Free cash flow of $161 million, exceeding the $146 million in 2008, further improving an already strong and liquid balance sheet; and Increased liquidity, with cash totalling $373 million at the end of the year, up from $232 million at the end of 2008. As I reviewed in my letter last year, we began realigning our cost base to meet market conditions in the third quarter of 2008. In 2009, demand for our products, particularly in shorter cycle businesses ­ Engineered Materials, Merchandising Systems, and Controls ­ proved to be even weaker than our pessimistic forecasts. For the full year, total sales declined $408 million, or 16%, to $2.2 billion. However, our earnings per share on a reported GAAP basis were $2.28 versus $2.24 in 2008. Notably, there were a number of "special items" in both 2008 and 2009. In 2009, these items had a significant positive impact and included gains from the Boeing settlement and sale of General Technology Corporation (GTC), partially offset by the settlement of a lawsuit with Coachmen Industries and modest restructuring charges. Excluding special items in both years, operating profit declined 22% to $204 million, compared with $262 million in 2008 and operating margins were 9.4% versus 10.1%, respectively. Excluding special items in 2009 and 2008, full year 2009 net income was $126 million, or $2.15 per diluted share, compared with $177 million, or $2.93 per diluted share in 2008. (Please see the Non-GAAP Financial Measures table on pages 2 and 3 in the foldout.)

Dear Shareholder:

· · · ·

Our Company was tested ­ and became stronger in 2009.
I am proud of the accomplishments of our Company, the performance of our people and the effectiveness of our strategy during the economic turbulence of 2009. Our core values, strategy and business system have been tested, reaffirmed to be correct, and we have emerged as an even stronger company. As I said to you last year in my letter, Crane was "well positioned given the current credit crisis and sharp downturn in the economy." Importantly, we began 2009 with a conservative balance sheet and unquestioned liquidity. Unlike many other industrial companies that had to alter their strategy, Crane was on the offensive every single day. We focused on winning in the marketplace by maintaining customer facing resources, expanding new product development and reinforcing our operational excellence activities. Quite simply, we continued aggressively to execute our strategy, while tactically reducing costs to respond to the changing market environment. Our efforts produced tangible results that were recognized by the stock market, as Crane Co.'s total shareholder return in 2009 was 84% versus the Risk Metrics Index of 263 companies median of 24% and the S&P 500 performance of 26%.

6

SALES *
700 600 500 400 300 200 14% 12% 10% 8% 6% 4% 2% 0
1Q08 2Q08 3Q08 4Q08 1Q09 2Q09 3Q09 4Q09

ADJUSTED OPERATING MARGINS *

$ Millions

100 0

1Q08 2Q08 3Q08 4Q08 1Q09 2Q09 3Q09 4Q09

* Before special items. See Non-GAAP tables for details.

On Offense: Investing in Our Future Strengthening the front end of our businesses, developing new products, and improving customer metrics is the triad of strategies we are using to win in the marketplace and gain market share. You will read about specific examples of each of these strategies in subsequent sections of this report, including the new business model utilizing an expanded global sales force in our Fluid Handling business, the development of new applications for fiberglass reinforced plastic in Engineered Materials, major new products that are moving out of development at our Aerospace & Electronics groups, and a new line of vending machines that can help operators increase sales by as much as 44% from our Merchandising Systems segment. The review and evaluation process for each of our businesses tracks market share gains as a key indicator of success. We believe that capturing additional market share during these difficult times coupled with our reduced cost base, will allow us to produce higher margins when orders improve. Reducing Costs The original goal was to reduce costs by $75 million, and we far exceeded that, reaching $175 million, or 8% of sales. Importantly, our cost reduction efforts were crafted, shaped and executed by the individual business units while they continued to invest in sales, marketing and new product development initiatives. This balanced approach, individually tailored to each business unit, allowed us to emerge as a stronger competitor, with a lower cost structure. This has not been without pain, as 2,300 people, or 20% of the workforce, have been dismissed, and salary freezes, reduced bonuses, furloughs, and elimination of the 401(k) match all contributed to the results. Our cost actions were focused in three areas: restructuring, engineering spending, and general expense reductions. Restructuring savings totaled $43 million, and consisted of plant closings and consolidations, notably in Engineered Materials and Merchandising Systems, and company-wide personnel reductions. Engineering spending in our Aerospace Group was reduced by approximately $44 million in 2009, as both the Boeing 787 and Airbus A400M completed first flight, and two other major development projects neared completion. Finally, general expenses were reduced $88 million as everyone, everywhere-- all 10,000-plus employees -- focused on finding less expensive, and better, ways to run our Company. We were never a fancy company, but we have become even better at identifying, and eliminating what is nice but not necessary.

2009 Financial Results Sales of $2.2 billion, a decline of 16% from the prior year, reflected a core sales decline of 17% and unfavorable currency translation of 3%, partially offset by 4% related to the additional revenues of businesses acquired in 2008. Each of our five segments experienced a decline in sales in 2009. Only Aerospace & Electronics had an increase in operating profit for the year. Our quarterly operating profit bottomed in the first quarter of the year and improved in each sequential quarter, primarily as a result of cost reductions taking hold, and a slight improvement in demand late in the year in the recreational vehicle (RV) end market for our Engineered Materials segment. In the fourth quarter, operating profit also benefited from an $18.9 million settlement with the Boeing Company and GE Aviation Systems llc, which resolved our claims relating to the brake control monitoring system for the Boeing 787. Within the Aerospace & Electronics segment, the Electronics Group had higher operating profit in 2009 driven by stable demand in the defense electronics business, strong program execution, and cost reduction efforts. Aerospace Group sales were affected by softening of the long-cycle commercial aerospace market, but operating profit increased because of a decline in engineering expenses and the settlement with Boeing. The settlement agreement also provided that Crane's supply contract will now be direct to Boeing, and Crane has resumed work, on a funded basis, on a modified version of a new brake control monitoring system for the 787. The Engineered Materials segment had sharply lower sales and operating profit for the year, reflecting weak demand in all its major markets ­ recreational vehicles, transportation and building products. Profit increased in the second half of 2009, reflecting cost-reduction efforts and an increase in sales to RV manufacturers. This business is focused on developing new uses for its products, such as interior liners for marine containers and composite floors for transportation applications. Sales of the Fluid Handling segment were weak in the longercycle energy, chemical and pharmaceutical businesses, as well as the short-cycle Maintenance, Repair and Overhaul (MRO) business. Sales declined $112 million (10%), reflecting a core sales decrease of $149 million (13%) and unfavorable foreign currency of $71 million (6%), partially offset by acquisitions of $108 million (9%). Operating profit also declined, reflecting unfavorable currency translation and deleveraging, which was partially offset by cost-reduction programs. Over the last two years, we have effected internal mergers whose larger scale enabled us to build a global sales force to aggressively capture market share in the fast-growing markets of the Middle East and Asia.

7

Sales of Merchandising Systems were sharply lower in 2009, reflecting weak conditions in its markets for both vending machines and payment systems. We remained profitable in 2009, despite the strong deleveraging effect of the steep sales decline, in large part because of outstanding cost control. Our vending machine business is clearly a market leader with innovative products in an industry that will recover with improvement in the economy. With an installed base of five million machines being serviced without the benefit of modern technology, we have an additional exciting opportunity to install wireless systems that enable operators to manage their vending machines online. A drop in overseas gaming, in part due to regulation changes, coupled with reduced demand in retail, vending and transportation end-markets, resulted in a decline in payment systems sales of 29% in 2009. Sales of our small Controls segment, which sells to the severely affected oil and gas and transportation markets, were off 38% in 2009, and as a consequence, the segment generated a small operating loss. Financial Condition I am pleased with the $161 million in free cash flow that our businesses generated in 2009. This 10% increase over 2008 was achieved notwithstanding a $17 million discretionary pension contribution. We ended the year with $373 million in cash. While we know that "cash is king" in these difficult times, and we have been able to invest as needed in our businesses while some competitors had to cut back, our strategy is to use our free cash flow for acquisitions. In 2009, we were absorbing and integrating the two Fluid Handling acquisitions we made toward the end of the prior year. We continued our comprehensive acquisition process that involves all of our business leaders, and in December we signed a definitive agreement to acquire Merrimac Industries, Inc., a leader in the design and manufacture of RF microwave components, assemblies and micro-multifunction modules for $16 per share in cash, or approximately $56 million. In early February we completed the acquisition, and Merrimac is operating as part of our Electronics Group. In December, we sold GTC, part of the Electronics Group, which had annual sales of $26 million, for $14.2 million.

2010 Outlook Sales for 2010 are expected to be relatively flat compared with 2009 at approximately $2.2 billion. Core sales in Fluid Handling and Merchandising Systems are projected to be flat, and a sales decline in Aerospace is expected to be offset by modest sales increases in Engineered Materials, Controls and Electronics. Higher Electronics sales reflect the Merrimac acquisition, which more than offsets the GTC divestiture. Our 2010 earnings guidance is $2.15-$2.35 per diluted share. The guidance reflects the lower 2009 year-end cost base, further declines in Aerospace engineering expense, continued cost savings initiatives, and a tax rate of 30%. On a comparable basis and before special items, 2009 earnings per diluted share were $2.15. This year was difficult for Crane employees at every level of responsibility and in every location throughout the world. I am very proud of what they have accomplished, and I want to thank them for their hard work and dedication. Bill Lipner, a member of Crane's board since 1999, has decided not to seek re-election in order to devote more time to his businesses. I thank him for his service and valuable counsel over the years. I would also like to thank all the members of the Board of Directors for their counsel through this challenging period and for all they have done to make Crane Co. a stronger company. Sincerely,

8

Eric C. Fast
President and Chief Executive Officer february 24, 2010

