letter to shareholders

president and ceo

Eric C. Fast

Dear Shareholder: We entered 2002 with a highly uncertain post-9/11 economic environment and a business plan forecasting a decline in operating income due to the downturn in commercial aerospace and the end of the Euro conversion boom at our coin changer business. In this environment, our goals were to execute the operating plan and materially improve our businesses while maintaining our financial strength. The most significant unanticipated issue during the year was the substantial increase in asbestos claims. Operating results were generally as anticipated, with the declines in Aerospace and Merchandising Systems reducing operating profits by $50 million. As a result, operating income was $155 million versus $198 million in 2001, excluding asbestos charges, goodwill amortization and certain stock-based retirement costs. Considerable progress was made in materially improving our businesses as our operating themes of leveraging intellectual capital, improving customer focus and executing our operational excellence program were driven deeper and more broadly throughout the Company. Today, "Crane University," "Crane helping Crane" and "making it ugly" are ingrained in our culture to drive improvement in our businesses. Financially we have never been stronger. Cash flow from operating activities totaled $197 million and after capital expenditures and dividends was $148 million, substantially exceeding our goal of $120 million. We reduced debt by $59 million during the year and completed $82 million of acquisitions, finishing the year with a very conservative leverage ratio of 25%. Although I remain concerned about continued uncertainty in the aerospace industry and weakness in the chemical processing industry, we expect our earnings per share in 2003 to be in the range of $1.65 to $1.75, compared with the $.28 per share reported in 2002 which included $1.31 per share of asbestos charges. Financial Results Sales in 2002 declined 4.5% to $1.516 billion compared with $1.587 billion in 2001. As anticipated, the aerospace market was exceptionally poor following the events of 9/11/01 and accounted for a $65 million, or 16%, decline in sales. The chemical processing industry, a large market for our Fluid Handling segment, operated at its lowest level of capacity utilization in twenty years. The completion of the changeover to Euro coinage brought an abrupt end to high demand for electronic coin validators and changers sold by our NRI unit causing sales to drop from $77 million in 2001 to $26 million in 2002, a 66% decline. The only strong market for Crane during the year was the recreational vehicle ("RV") market served by our Kemlite business where sales were up 15%. Net income before accounting change and before asbestos charges was $95 million in 2002, compared with 2001 net income of $119.5 million (before $16.9 million for goodwill
4

letter to shareholders

amortization, $1.5 million for asbestos charges, $8.5 million for the loss on the Crane Plumbing sale and $4 million for stock-based retirement costs). The Company's 2002 income before the change in accounting principle, as reported, was $16.6 million, or $.28 per share, compared to $88.6 million, or $1.47 per share, for the same period of 2001. The change in accounting principle related to goodwill reduced 2002 income by $28.1 million, or $.47 per share, resulting in a net loss of $11.4 million. The significant increase in asbestos claims was not anticipated. Pending asbestos claims increased from 16,180 at the end of 2001 to 54,038 at the end of 2002. During the fourth quarter of 2002, the Company recorded a non-cash charge of $73 million after-tax ($1.23 per share) to increase its net estimated liability for asbestos-related costs. The asbestos charge reflects the recent significant increase in the rate of new claims filed and the estimated settlement and defense costs of pending and future asbestos claims through 2007, net of estimated insurance recoveries. It is important to note that Crane is typically among a number of defendants in these claims, usually over 50 and frequently in the hundreds. The Company never manufactured any asbestos product or any asbestos-containing material, but certain of our valves, pumps and other products contained asbestos material that was encapsulated inside our product. Although our normal practice is to rigorously challenge each claim in terms of product identification, the sheer volume of claims forces Crane and other defendants to settle more often than we would like. There is a growing consensus that asbestos litigation has brought our judicial system to the breaking point, and a legislative solution from Congress is essential. Strategy for Profitable Growth In last year's annual report I described in some detail our management philosophy of making Crane a more integrated operating company to grow Economic Value Added ("EVA"). This is our program to create value by materially improving our existing operations and looking for additional profits from having units work more closely together -- what we call strategic linkages. Our strategy is to take the excess cash flow from these improved businesses and to execute acquisitions that will further strengthen their competitive positions. We made substantial progress in executing these strategies in 2002. We are improving our operations across the board using three basic themes: leveraging intellectual capital, improving customer focus and executing on our operational excellence program. We believe all progress starts with having the best people and a performance culture with trust and respect.

In 2002, we retained all of our highly regarded business unit presidents and made substantial progress on our "Crane 200" program which put in place formal reviews and development plans for our top 270 leaders. We remain strongly committed to leveraging best practices throughout the Company, spending $6 million in training through our virtual Crane University. In improving our customer focus, we recruited 12 new senior sales and marketing personnel, surveyed customers to learn specifically what we need to do to outperform the competition, conducted front-end business reviews including quote capture systems and utilized our operational excellence program to emphasize making it "faster, better and easier" to do business with Crane. Operational Excellence results were clearly evident as inventory turns improved from 3.4x to 3.8x while on-time delivery improved from 81% in January 2001 to 92% in December 2002. Quality has been maintained as lead time was reduced from 37 days to 32 days during 2002. Today at Crane Co., it is understood that you not only have to deliver financial results, but you must also improve your customer metrics by executing a program of continuous improvement. We also look to grow profits through strategic linkages among our businesses. Over the past two years, we sold four small units that could not be leveraged with the rest of the Company, while another unit was successfully contributed to a joint venture and four others were merged into larger existing units as strategic internal acquisitions. We believe a smaller number of larger units will increase the quality and consistency of our management teams, allowing us to better understand the value proposition to the customer and reduce business risks. In 2002 we focused particularly on driving strategic linkages in our aerospace and valve businesses, both to reduce costs and to enhance our ability to grow profitable sales. We initiated a reorganization of our aerospace businesses into two focused groups to align ourselves with two differentiated markets: aerospace and electronics. The Aerospace Group includes Hydro-Aire/Lear Romec and ELDEC operations, as well as the flexible hose and fittings business of Resistoflex-Aerospace. The Resistoflex-Aerospace products will allow us to add more value in aerospace fluid solutions and will be marketed through the aerospace sales force. These units will operate as one company allowing us to reduce the overhead structure for an expected $8 million reduction in our costs in 2003. This is in addition to reductions in our workforce and other costs which enabled us to hold margins in 2002. This new structure will preserve and enhance our ability to invest in the development of new products and services, and will also provide for more efficient integration of acquisitions.

5

letter to shareholders

The Electronics Group includes Interpoint, the power supply business of ELDEC and the recently acquired General Technology Corporation. This group has been formed to enhance our ability to capitalize on the opportunity for growth in microelectronics for the military/aerospace and medical markets. During the year we transferred the management responsibility for ELDEC's electronic power supplies to the Electronics Group to ensure that we bring a complete range of power supply solutions to our customers. The acquisition of General Technology Corporation further strengthened our microelectronics manufacturing capabilities. In our Fluid Handling segment, particularly our $500 million global valve business, we are utilizing strategic linkages to change our business model and improve operating margins from 7.5% today to our goal of 12%. Specifically, we are transitioning from eight industrial valve units to one global valve company which facilitates consolidating plants, shifting manufacturing to low cost countries, integrating procurement activities to leverage volume with suppliers and, importantly, accelerating the sale of existing products into new market opportunities. For example, in 2002 we announced the consolidation of CVNA's Long Beach facility into Xomox's Chihuahua, Mexico facility. Our production plans for 2003 are to leverage as one company our eight low cost production facilities in China, India, Mexico and Hungary -- up from three just two years ago. Procurement plans for castings, our major material cost, are being overseen and consolidated by one focused team. In transitioning to a global valve company we have found opportunities to cross-sell our existing valve brands, further expanding our product offerings and extending our markets. These synergy sales increased by $6 million in 2002 and are expected to increase an additional $13 million in 2003. Strategic acquisitions are also an integral part of our profitable growth strategy. In 2002, we spent $82 million on seven acquisitions and made one small divestiture. The two most significant acquisitions were Lasco Composites LP for $44 million and General Technology Corporation for $25 million. The acquisition of Lasco gave Kemlite important increased presence in the industrial market. The Lasco business has been seamlessly integrated, and we have been able to exceed our planned synergies goal of $2 million. General Technology provides high-reliability customized electronic manufacturing services and products focused on military and defense applications, and significantly expands our electronics business. While the timing of acquisitions is unpredictable, we hope to increase the number and size of our strategic acquisitions.

Corporate Governance In view of the revelations in the last year and a half of corporate malfeasance at several large companies, it is appropriate to comment briefly on some of our longestablished policies. With regard to accounting practices, we write off receivables if they become 90 days past due, with no exceptions. We never book sales until the product is shipped. We have only two minor off-balance sheet items that are disclosed in the footnotes to our financial statements, namely our Ferguson joint venture with Emerson, and a financing facility for customers of our Crane Merchandising Systems business. We do not make loans to corporate officers. Crane's Board of Directors is comprised of ten individuals and, with the exception of our non-executive Chairman and me, none of them are employed by Crane or have retired from the Company. The audit, compensation and nominating committees of the Board consist entirely of independent directors. We do not have consulting or other business arrangements with any of our outside directors. Outlook for 2003 The outlook for two of our largest markets, aerospace and chemical processing, remains weak. We believe that operating profit from our Aerospace segment will be lower in 2003. However, we are forecasting margin improvement in our Fluid Handling business, modest recovery in Merchandising Systems and continued progress at Engineered Materials. In aggregate, we are forecasting an increase in operating profit from $155 million (before asbestos charges) this year to $160-$170 million, or net income of $1.65-$1.75 per share. Free cash flow after dividends and capital expenditures in 2003 will again exceed $120 million. My confidence in the quality of our people and our businesses remains steadfast. With a strong foundation of good people and good practices in place, I expect the implementation of our profitable growth strategy to begin to produce results for our shareholders in 2003 and over the long term. I deeply appreciate the dedication and hard work of our employees, the guidance and encouragement of our Board of Directors and your support as shareholders. Sincerely,

6

Eric C. Fast
President and Chief Executive Officer february 14, 2003

