Dear Shareholders,
I am honored and excited to have the privilege of leading Crane Co. as this dynamic organization reaches the 160th anniversary of its founding. Following the well-planned and seamless Chief Executive Officer transition in January 2014 from Eric Fast, Crane remains on a path of continuous improvement. My first year is marked by continuity of change as Crane continues to evolve into a more focused and nimble company driving profitable growth for all our key stakeholders: our customers, our associates, and our shareholders. As a diversified industrial manufacturer of highly engineered products in markets where we have competitive differentiation and scale, we remain committed to leveraging our resources as an integrated operating company, and reinvesting in our three global growth platforms, both organically and through strategic acquisition. Continuity in our focus on driving change has, and will, lead to improvement in our products, our solutions and our portfolio of businesses. Together this will result in enhanced value through profitable growth. I am proud of the results achieved by our associates in 2014, including our fourth consecutive year of record financial results, with revenues of $2.9 billion, earnings per diluted share (EPS) of $4.45, excluding Special Items, and record free cash flow of $220 million. This was accomplished in the face of a challenging year with volatile commodity and currency markets, continued substantial geopolitical uncertainty, and generally weaker global growth across a number of our end markets. In light of those factors, we made difficult decisions early in 2014 to consolidate facilities in our Fluid Handling and Electronics businesses to increase efficiency and adjust to changing demand. We expanded the scope of our Fluid Handling repositioning at the end of 2014 as it became apparent that our end markets were not improving at the pace we expected. Reflecting our continued long-term confidence, we raised our dividend by 10 percent, from $0.30 to $0.33 per quarter, and we also repurchased $50 million of stock while maintaining a strong balance sheet and financial flexibility. I am particularly pleased with the progress made in 2014 on the integration of MEI, the largest acquisition in Crane's history. We combined MEI and our legacy Crane Payment Solutions business to create Crane Payment Innovations, a clear leader in the global payment industry. By combining the best of both organizations, we are positioned stronger than ever to exceed our customers' expectations by providing superior payment technologies that help drive incremental efficiency, productivity and revenue. The integration has surpassed our original goals, as we beat our 2014 synergy and EPS commitments, and we have now increased our long-term synergy target by 30%. Looking ahead to 2015, we will realize incremental benefits from MEI synergies and our repositioning efforts. However, we anticipate that these benefits will be offset by foreign exchange headwinds and higher pension expense, as the challenges seen in 2014 are likely to continue into 2015. Further, the impact of

2

Crane Co.

MY FIRST YEAR IS MARKED BY CONTINUITY OF CHANGE AS CRANE CONTINUES TO EVOLVE INTO A MORE FOCUSED AND NIMBLE COMPANY DRIVING PROFITABLE GROWTH FOR ALL OUR KEY STAKEHOLDERS: OUR CUSTOMERS, OUR ASSOCIATES, AND OUR SHAREHOLDERS.

economic uncertainty, along with the substantial decline in oil prices, is expected to drive lower customer capital spending in a number of key end markets for our process valve solutions. As a result, we anticipate core growth of only 0%­2% in 2015, and a modest decline in total sales given the impact of foreign exchange translation. Overall, we expect EPS growth, excluding Special Items, of 0% to 5% in 2015. Our goal of delivering 10% annual EPS growth has not changed. We have a strong portfolio of businesses, with industry-leading positions and differentiated products in attractive end markets. We expect a rebound in our Fluid Handling business in late 2015 and into 2016, with significant projects in the U.S. market leading the way. Major program wins in Aerospace and Electronics have given us meaningfully more content on the next generation of narrowbody aircraft, positioning our business to outperform long-term market growth rates. At Crane Payment Innovations, we expect above-GDP sales growth driven by a continued steady increase of cash in circulation, a value proposition based on productivity and security, and growing demand in emerging markets for our technologies and products. We are excited by all of these future growth prospects. As part of our ongoing effort to streamline the organization and enhance our customer focus, we have announced an internal merger of the Aerospace and Electronics organizations under one business unit president. While this internal merger is expected to reduce costs, more importantly it will present a unified Crane to key customers served by both

businesses and enable the development of more comprehensive customer solutions. As it has in recent years, Crane enters 2015 as a more streamlined and focused enterprise. I wish to thank our customers, suppliers, and shareholders for their confidence in us, and the Board of Directors for their continued guidance and encouragement. At the heart of our Crane culture is the highest of ethical standards and integrity. As penned by our founder 160 years ago in 1855, "I am resolved to conduct my business in the strictest honesty and fairness; to avoid all deception and trickery; to deal fairly with both customers and competitors; to be liberal and just toward employees; and to put my whole mind upon the business." I am proud of our over 11,000 global associates and their commitment to keeping their "whole mind upon the business" with strong integrity and ethics in delivering profitable growth for all stakeholders. I am energized by our future prospects together at Crane.

Sincerely, Max Mitchell President and Chief Executive Officer

2014 Annual Report

3

