We have never felt better about Crane's future.

Dear Shareholder: The year 2007 was an excellent one for Crane Co. Our stock price increased 17.1% versus 3.5% for the Standard & Poor's 500 Index, we increased our dividend for the third year in a row, and our operating profit increased 19% before special items. Importantly, we had a number of one-time items that strengthened our Company for the future. These included the gains on the sale of our IMC joint venture and the sale of excess real estate in the U.K., which was part of the restructuring of our foundry operations, as well as additional provisions to extend our asbestos reserve from 2011 to 2017 and to add to our environmental reserve for additional remediation costs. We also recorded an additional tax provision for the anticipated repatriation of almost $200 million of foreign cash to the United States. As a result of all this activity and primarily from the provision of $4.22 per share to extend the time frame of our asbestos liability, we reported a loss of $1.04 per share. From an operating point of view, however, after excluding all the special items of one-time gains and losses, we achieved our third consecutive year of record earnings from operations, with per share results of $3.19 increasing 23% over 2006 and substantially exceeding the guidance of $2.80­$2.95 we gave in December 2006. The special items are all detailed on the non-GAAP table on pages 10 and 11. Despite the potential for a slowing economy, we believe we are well positioned to further improve our earnings per share to $3.45­$3.60 in 2008. Our Board of Directors increased the dividend by 20% to an indicated annual rate of $.72 per share, the third year in a row for a dividend increase, and we repurchased 1.2 million shares of common stock during 2007 for $50 million. These actions reflect our confidence in Crane's future. Our financial position is strong. At year-end, we had cash on hand of $283 million, and our net debt to net capitalization ratio was 11.5%. During the year, we extended the maturity of our $300 million unused revolving line of credit to 2012, adding to our capacity to continue strategic acquisitions. Despite an uncertain outlook for certain sectors of the North American economy, Crane Co. is in excellent shape for another year of growth in 2008. We have continued to get better at what we do, and we see even greater opportunities to grow and to build a better Crane Co. There is strong global growth in our most important markets, and we have relatively minor exposure to the struggling housing and automobile sectors. While 2008 will clearly be a more challenging year for U. S. corporations, I believe a stronger Crane Co. will be up to the test. 2007 Financial Results In 2007, sales increased 16% to $2.6 billion compared with $2.3 billion in 2006. Organic growth accounted for 7% of the gain, favorable foreign exchange for 3%, and acquisitions for 6%. Sales increased in each business segment, with Aerospace & Electronics growing 11%; Engineered Materials, 7%; Merchandising Systems, 50%; Fluid Handling, 14%; and Controls, 9%. We were able to leverage the sales increase to produce a 19% increase in the Company's operating profit, before special items. At Fluid Handling, our largest business and thus an important engine for profit growth, operating profit rose 31%, excluding the net gain from the foundry restructuring. Operating profit of the Engineered Materials segment increased $8 million or 16 %, and Merchandising Systems had an operating profit gain of $22 million or 126%. Operating profit of the Aerospace & Electronics segment declined by $13 million or 13%, reflecting a $30 million increase in engineering spending for investment in new programs and technology for future aircraft. Operating profit in the Controls segment declined modestly, primarily because of expenses associated with the acquisition of the mobile rugged computer business.

7

Strategy for Profitable Growth Crane Co. is a diversified manufacturer of highly engineered industrial products. Our businesses give us a substantial presence in focused niche markets, and they produce high returns and excess cash flow. Ever since our founding over 150 years ago, when R.T. Crane resolved to "conduct [his] business in the strictest honesty and fairness; to avoid all deception and trickery; to deal fairly with both customers and competitors; to be liberal and just toward employees, and to put [his] whole mind upon the business," we have been committed to the highest standards of business conduct. We are dedicated to integrity and honest dealings in all that we do. Our objective is to grow Economic Value Added (EVA) by continuing to transition into a more integrated operating company with a common business system throughout the Company. We want to create value for our shareholders by materially strengthening our businesses through leveraging intellectual capital, improving customer focus and executing on our operational excellence program; by creating strategic linkages among our businesses via internal mergers and portfolio trimming; and by using strong free cash flow to make strategic acquisitions for our existing businesses. We have made substantial, tangible progress in the execution of this strategy. We are a better company in many ways: our financial results have improved; we have developed highly disciplined processes; we have created a smaller number of larger units; and in so doing, we have reduced costs, improved customer focus and formed stronger and deeper management teams. As proud as I am of our performance, I believe we are just getting started. In so many respects, the better we get, the more opportunities we see. Materially Strengthening our Businesses In the last year, we had considerable improvement in our operations. More than 700 kaizen events utilizing a broad range of operational excellence tools were held in both factories and offices across Crane. Our focus continues to be on our roots - the cells where we perform value-added activities to create products for our customers. Companywide, we have established a system for reviewing our operations every day and every hour so that we can immediately recognize and act upon both impediments to customer satisfaction and waste. We do this through daily walkthroughs and an intense focus on visual management, which drives urgency for corrective action. The Crane approach to visual management is prescriptive and uniform across our entire Company. Our visual Key Performance Indicator boards (measuring safety, quality, delivery and cost), hour-by-hour production boards, and even our inventory shelves are put in place in accordance with the Crane standard.

Moreover, in 2007, we spent considerable time rolling out a Company-wide process for linking customers and suppliers with our production cells. In this process, we evaluate every end item in a product line and determine best-in-class strategy for service levels. We then align the flow of every part in our manufacturing operations with the supply base to deliver on this strategy. Across Crane, this approach has enabled us to improve service levels, reduce lead times and increase inventory turns. One reflection of this improvement is our continued progress on working capital as a percentage of sales, which was reduced to 19% in 2007 from 20% in 2006 and 21% in 2005. Building Strategic Linkages The most important strategic linkages in 2007 were internal mergers in our Fluid Handling segment. We combined six global valve units into two units organized to align with the chem-pharma and energy markets. We believe passionately in the benefits of having a smaller number of larger units that create stronger and deeper management teams, prioritize growth opportunities and reduce costs. The Fluid Handling segment is just at the beginning of the strategic linkage process--the units have been brought together, but there is much work to be done before they actually operate in every way as integrated units. Thus, we believe that most of the benefits of cost reduction and stronger global market presence lie ahead, giving us confidence that Fluid Handling's operating margin has further room for improvement despite having doubled in the last three years. Acquisitions and Dispositions Acquisitions play an important role in our growth. Two years ago, in 2006, we spent a record $283 million on five acquisitions, and they have exceeded our expectations and contributed significantly to our growth in 2007. At the same time, they have materially strengthened our industry-leading positions in Merchandising Systems and Engineered Materials. In 2007, we acquired two businesses for a total of $65 million. The first was the mobile rugged computer and display business of Kontron that is being integrated into a unit of our Controls segment to broaden its offerings in this growing market segment. The second acquisition was the composite panel business of Owens Corning, which is being integrated into the Noble Composites unit of our Engineered Materials segment. Like Noble, this business produces high gloss fiberglass reinforced plastic (FRP) products used for panels in the higher end of the recreational vehicle markets, and its products are complementary to those of Noble. With the help of the recent acquisition, we expect to be able to increase penetration of the recreational vehicle markets.

8

In December 2007, we sold the buildings and land at our Ipswich, England, facility for $36 million as part of a restructuring of our remaining foundry operations. Including estimated associated restructuring costs, we had an after-tax gain of approximately $18 million, or $0.30 per share. Crane will lease part of the property for up to two years until the ongoing manufacturing and office activities are transferred to new premises. The Ipswich facility manufactures a variety of valves and fittings used in controlling the flow of liquids and natural gas. We also will be closing our Canadian valve foundry in Brantford, Ontario, by the end of 2008. We will be replacing this foundry capacity by sourcing products from our owned facilities and other sources in low cost countries. This restructuring is consistent with our strategy of consolidating manufacturing operations to reduce costs, while at the same time continuing to provide our customers with high quality products. It is another important step toward reaching our previously announced goal of 15% operating margins in our Fluid Handling segment. In December 2007, we sold our portion of the Industrial Motion Controls joint venture and received after-tax proceeds of $33 million, recording an after-tax gain of $6.0 million, or $0.10 per share. This joint venture was successful and profitable and created real value for our shareholders. In partnership with Emerson, we combined two non-core businesses facing a changing and challenging market and created a leader in its market segment. Our joint venture reached its objectives, and consistent with our agreement, we successfully completed the planned sale. Asbestos and Environmental Update In 2007, we took an after-tax provision of $254 million to extend our reserve for asbestos liabilities to the year 2017. We expect this provision to be sufficient to cover all settlement and defense costs for the forecast period, thereby removing this uncertainty from our earnings outlook. We were able to extend the timeframe of the reserve because national trends, our own experience and independent experts project a more stable claim and settlement environment reflecting, among other things, the impact of state tort reform and the exposure of fraudulent medical screening practices. It is important to remember that Crane never manufactured asbestos. Rather, certain valves, pumps and boilers manufactured by Crane in the past contained gaskets, packing and seals that were manufactured by others with asbestos-containing materials. During 2007, the Company incurred $88 million in asbestosrelated defense and settlement costs, as compared with $69 million in 2006. Of the $88 million incurred in 2007, $46 million were for defense and $42 million were for settlements. There were 3,417 new claims filed against the Company in 2007, down substantially from 4,853 in 2006

and 7,986 in 2005, and asbestos claims outstanding were 80,999 at year-end 2007. Actual pretax cash payments after insurance recoveries were $10 million in 2007 (reflecting receipt of $31.5 million in escrowed funds from the Equitas settlement in 2005) as compared with $41 million in 2006. We estimate that our 2008 asbestos-related cash payments, net of insurance recoveries, will be approximately $55 million. We will continue to defend ourselves vigorously in the courts. We have updated our previously disclosed environmental liability for the Superfund site located in Goodyear, Arizona, because recent changes in the groundwater profile indicate that more extensive remediation is required. The Company initially recorded a liability in 2004 for estimated costs through 2014, after reaching agreement with the Environmental Protection Agency. In the fourth quarter of 2007, we increased our estimated net liability by $19 million, and it totals $34 million at the end of the year. 2008 Outlook For 2008, we are expecting improved operating results from each of our five segments in spite of what we see as a difficult economic environment here in the U.S. We expect continued strong results in Fluid Handling from solid global demand. We also expect our long-cycle Aerospace & Electronics businesses will continue to have strong demand and will benefit in the last half of 2008 as engineering investment slows with delivery of the 787 and A400M programs. For both Merchandising Systems and Engineered Materials, our industry-leading positions, strong growth initiatives and disciplined cost control should allow them to improve profits. Our earnings guidance for the full year 2008 is $3.45 to $3.60 per share, an increase of 8%-13% over 2007 before special items. We are proud of the results of Crane Co. in 2007, and we are very mindful of the team effort--everyone, everywhere-- that produced them. I would also like to recognize the contributions of our outstanding Board of Directors and to thank our shareholders for their confidence in us. Sincerely,

Eric C. Fast
President and Chief Executive Officer february 25, 2008

9

