Dear Shareholder,
The year 2015 marked the 160th anniversary of Crane Co.'s founding, and I am honored to be one of the 11,200 associates of this great company. Over this time, the company has seen many strong and challenging market cycles, and 2015 was certainly more challenging than we anticipated as the year began.

We entered last year facing pressure from a stronger U.S. dollar, along with Fluid Handling end markets that were beginning to soften from the collapse of oil and gas prices. The entire industry suffered as these trends deteriorated over the course of 2015, exacerbated by incremental regional weakness, most notably in China. Our financial results reflect the market reality that we--and our peers--faced last year. However, we reacted to changing market conditions quickly, and took necessary and prudent cost measures while continuing to make the equally necessary and appropriate growth investments; together, these actions position us for future profitable growth. In total, we initiated three rounds of repositioning actions in Fluid Handling over the last 18 months, including three facility consolidations and the related associate resource reductions. These were difficult decisions, but necessary to preserve our competitive position and protect margins in the face of such pronounced market weakness. Combined with our MEI integration activities, these actions are expected to deliver more than $25 million of cost savings in 2016, mitigating the headwinds we expect to encounter including continued soft Fluid Handling end markets and further unfavorable foreign exchange. At this point, we believe that we have struck an appropriate balance between cost measures and continued investments for growth, and ensuring we are positioned to capitalize on an eventual market recovery. Given the difficult market conditions, we are proud of our financial performance. Excluding Special Items, we deleveraged at 19% compared to the prior year, with adjusted operating profit down 8% on a 6% decline in total sales. Further, while Fluid Handling received a disproportionate amount of attention in 2015 given the volatility in its end markets, our other three business segments improved their adjusted margins by 170 basis points compared to 2014.

OUR LONG-TERM STRATEGY IS UNCHANGED For decades, Crane has been a diversified manufacturer of highly engineered industrial products. We choose to compete in markets where we have competitive differentiation and scale. We will continue to leverage our resources as an integrated operating company, and to reinvest in our three global growth platforms, both organically and through strategic acquisitions. Over time, we believe that this strategy will enable us to deliver 10% average annual EPS growth. We will continue to execute this strategy while remaining committed to the values of our founder, R.T. Crane, which are at the heart of our culture: to conduct business "in the strictest honesty and fairness; to avoid all deception and trickery; to deal fairly with both customers and competitors; to be liberal and just toward employees; and to put my whole mind upon the business." WE EXPECT ANOTHER DIFFICULT YEAR IN 2016 While we remain very optimistic about our long-term prospects, many of the challenges we faced last year are expected to continue into 2016, including unfavorable foreign exchange, low oil prices, reduced capital spending across the petrochemical and related sectors, and overcapacity in the global power markets. We also face a transition year in Aerospace & Electronics, with continued investment spending required to prepare for the new programs we have won supporting our customers' new platform launches. Given these headwinds, we expect EPS in 2016 of $3.85­$4.15, approximately flat to down 7% compared to 2015 adjusted EPS of $4.13. While adjusted earnings are expected to decline, we are forecasting 2016 free cash flow of $190­$220 million, flat to up 16% compared to 2015.

02

CONTINUED INVESTMENT FOR PROFITABLE GROWTH At Fluid Handling, Crane remains customer focused, and our investment in future growth has not slowed. Fluid Handling continues to expand its product portfolio, with recent new product additions across the Nuclear, Chemical, Municipal, and Oil & Gas markets. For example, our new SH-32 Frame pump increases our served market for municipal pumps by 33%, and our 2015 introduction of our lowpressure gate, globe and check valve platform expanded our process valve served market by $500 million. We have also continued to invest in our global footprint, including an investment in Ningjin, China for localization of our Xomox lined products that will drive 30% variable cost reduction. New product plans for 2016 include a line of triple-offset butterfly valves to improve our product portfolio for the Power markets. In addition, our Canadian commercial valve distribution business delivered positive organic growth in 2015 despite end market declines in the high single-digit range, and our instrumentation business expanded its market share with important wins in the heavy-duty truck space. In Aerospace & Electronics, we recently broke ground on our first greenfield facility in many years to add testing capabilities for the next generation of fuel flow transmitters. This investment is necessary to support the higher pressure and temperature conditions in newer, more fuel-efficient aircraft engines. Winning the fuel flow transmitter content across all major new narrowbody, widebody and regional jet platforms demonstrates the strength of our engineering and product development capabilities. Payment & Merchandising Technologies has a robust new product pipeline, and our engineering capability in this business is second to none. At Crane Payment Innovations, we launched the SCR Bill Recycler product last year. SCR offers improved reliability, better security, lower cost of operations, and two-note recycling, improving our already strong value proposition for both the Financial Services and Gaming vertical markets. We are pursuing many new opportunities, and we are particularly excited about growth potential in the Financial Services sector including bill payment and self-service payment kiosks across emerging markets, along with bank branch transformation initiatives in Europe and North America. Crane Merchandising Systems continues to transform the vending industry with products and solutions that improve our customers' productivity and profitability, including wireless machine monitoring and diagnostics, dynamic scheduling and route management software and digital advertising and promotions. In addition, our ergonomic interfaces and intuitive touch screen capabilities simplify the customer experience for easy, seamless transactions.

And in our Engineered Materials business, we launched Crane Gold in 2015, a higher gloss fiberglass reinforced plastic solution for the Recreational Vehicle market at an attractive price point. These are just a few examples of the many new product introductions and business opportunities we have pursued over the last year. Combined with our continued focus on operational excellence, customer service, channel management, and regional expansion, we have never been more excited about the growth opportunities we have ahead of us. WELL POSITIONED FOR 2017 AND BEYOND Crane maintains a strong, investment grade balance sheet. Our businesses generate significant free cash flow and we use this cash to invest in our existing business and to make acquisitions, to pay down debt, and to repurchase shares. We also pay an attractive dividend that we've consistently grown along with earnings. Near-term challenges remain, but we are focused on the opportunities in 2017 and beyond. The Aerospace & Electronics markets are expected to remain strong for years to come with record backlogs at the major aircraft manufacturers. Payment & Merchandising will build off of its solid growth in 2015, benefiting from secular trends including urbanization, a growing global middle class, and our customers' needs for productivity and cost saving solutions. Fluid Handling has the most challenging environment today, but with some of the oldest and strongest brands in the industry, and an enviable reputation for quality and reliability, the business is well prepared to benefit as end markets recover. These opportunities, along with the dedication of Crane's associates, keep me excited and encouraged about our future. I am very proud of the thousands of Crane associates who work diligently every day to create value for our customers and shareholders. This team executed well in 2015, rising to the challenge of an unexpectedly difficult environment. I also wish to thank our customers, suppliers and shareholders for their continued confidence in us, as well as the Board of Directors for their guidance and encouragement. Sincerely,

Max H. Mitchell President and Chief Executive Officer

CRANE CO. 2015 ANNUAL REPORT

03

