Dear Shareholder,

looking back It has been an honor and privilege to be a leader of Crane Co., first as President and Chief Operating Officer from September 1999 until April 2001 and then as Chief Executive Officer until my retirement at the end of January. Under the guidance of your Board of Directors, the management team over this period achieved a significant transformation of the Company, doubling sales, increasing earnings per share 130% and tripling dividends per share. Importantly, Crane Co.'s stock rose over 200% compared with a 26% increase in the Standard & Poor's 500 index. As operating results at the time I joined Crane Co. demonstrated, we were fortunate to have a portfolio of good businesses with high returns on capital and strong cash flow. This solid foundation was established by my predecessor, Robert S. Evans, who, as you know, has continued throughout my tenure as Chairman of the Board. Utilizing this strong base, we established a business model and strategy that has remained unchanged and guided us over this entire period. As a diversified manufacturer of highly engineered products, focusing on niche markets in which we have leading market shares that enable high returns and strong cash flow, our goal has been to become a more integrated operating company with a common intellectual capital process and a common business system. In addition, we have created further value by driving strategic linkages among our businesses via internal mergers and "portfolio trimming," and using our strong free cash flow to make acquisitions that strengthen our existing businesses. We believe we have created substantial value for our shareholders by executing on this strategy. This strategy has resulted in a smaller number of larger units, stronger and deeper management teams, more robust and disciplined processes in our businesses and more consistent results. Beginning with 23 business units generating $1.2 billion in sales, we have deployed $2 billion of capital on 20 separate acquisitions, sold 19 smaller units for proceeds of approximately $250 million and executed numerous internal mergers of business units with common end markets. Today, Crane has four business platforms aligned to global growth trends, a total of 12 business units and expected sales of over $3 billion in 2014. We are addressing markets with a tightly focused, vertical approach using a matrix organization that can better serve rapidly changing customer needs. And we have developed, honed and implemented an allencompassing, world-class business system. All the while, we have remained true to our founder R.T. Crane's resolution set down in 1855 to "conduct my business in the strictest honesty and fairness; to avoid all deception and trickery; to deal fairly with both customers and competitors; to be liberal and just toward employees; and to put my whole mind upon the business." My final year as CEO was both exciting and challenging. We had record earnings per share and we completed the largest acquisition in the Company's history, MEI Conlux, which was a major step in the evolution of our payment systems growth platform. We benefitted from last year's repositioning of our European Fluid Handling operations, which, combined with strong productivity and cost containment efforts throughout the year, drove record operating margins. These efforts allowed us to overcome the significant slowdown in the vending portion of our Merchandising Systems segment as well as the challenges of fiscal headwinds from sequestration.

6

moving forward I have been working with Max Mitchell, who succeeds me as Chief Executive Officer, for almost ten years. He has contributed greatly to the success of Crane Co. during that time, first as Vice President for Operational Excellence, then as Group President of the Fluid Handling segment and most recently as President and Chief Operating Officer. For two years, the Board of Directors has assisted us in preparing for a seamless transition, and your Board and I are confident that the Company is in good hands. At the same time, I am also certain that I am leaving Max, our shareholders and employees a Company with exciting growth potential. As you will see described in this report, our large high-growth platforms ­ aerospace, process valves and payment systems ­ are especially well positioned for today's global economy. In addition, I have every confidence that all of our businesses can grow faster than their niche markets, given the power of the Crane Business System in developing new products, fostering customer intimacy and extending market reach. I have never seen the number and size of growth initiatives now in the pipeline. The opportunities are here, and Crane is seizing them. Capitalizing on these opportunities has special importance, because our plant capacity utilization stands at just 50 to 70 percent for most of our businesses, which will allow us to leverage the sales growth we expect to obtain. We estimate that approximately 25 percent of each incremental sales dollar will flow through to operating profit. In short, Crane's profit margin of 14.5% has room for further expansion. The strength of our balance sheet is another source of my confidence. Crane Co. remains committed to maintaining its investment grade rating, and it has the capacity to continue to fund growth investments, both organic and through acquisitions, to strengthen our existing businesses. Cash at the end of 2013, after completion of the MEI acquisition, stood at $271 million, and the Company generated free cash flow in 2013 of $210 million. While systems are vital and numbers tell a story, none of this can happen without "good people making good things happen." My confidence in our people, both our leadership and our full team, has never been greater. And I am certain that the dedication, knowledge and commitment of our Board will continue to guide Crane wisely in the future, as it has done for me during these past 14 years. In closing, I know Max will put his "whole mind upon the business," as I have done. I leave Crane well positioned, with strong leadership and a dedicated team of 11,000 employees throughout the world. In 2005, in a speech celebrating the 150th anniversary of the Company, the late Reverend Peter Gomes from Harvard University said, "My hope for you is that your future may be worthy of your past." It has been a privilege to lead Crane, and I truly believe our rich history, strong culture, solid values and powerful processes will make that hope a reality.

Sincerely,

Eric C. Fast
Chief Executive Officer january 31, 2014

7

