letter to shareholders

A Better Crane Co.

Dear Shareholder: Crane Co. had a good year in 2003. We made considerable progress in executing our strategy for profitable growth. Our earnings per share of $1.75 was at the high end of the $1.65 to $1.75 range that was forecast at the beginning of the year. We successfully completed $169 million of acquisitions, one of which, Signal Technology, significantly enhanced our presence in defense electronics. Our balance sheet remains very strong, and our stock price, at $30 per share on December 31, 2003, rose 50% from $20 per share on December 31, 2002. Our emphasis on materially improving our businesses by leveraging intellectual capital, improving customer focus and executing operational excellence continues to put in place a solid foundation for future growth. Our earnings per share guidance for 2004 of $1.85 to $2.00 is confirmation of our confidence in the Company. Financial Results Sales in 2003 increased $120 million or 8% to $1.636 billion. The Aerospace & Electronics Segment accounted for $88 million of the increase, reflecting the partial year impact of Signal Technology Corporation, acquired in May 2003, as well as the full year impact of General Technology

Corporation, which was acquired in November 2002. In the Engineered Materials Segment, demand for fiberglass-reinforced panels from the recreational vehicle and truck trailer markets remained strong, but demand for European coin changing equipment and North American vending machines remained depressed for the Merchandising Systems Segment. The Fluid Handling Segment continued to suffer from weak market conditions in the chemical processing industry, power, marine and general industrial markets. In June 2003, our Crane Ltd. unit, part of the Fluid Handling Segment, acquired certain pipe coupling and fittings businesses from Etex, extending our market reach into the gas and water markets. Operating profit for 2003 was $169.0 million versus 2002 operating profit of $155.0 million on a comparable basis (excluding the 2002 charge of $115.3 million for asbestos-related claims). Operating profit included $16 million from the 2003 acquisitions. Excluding these acquisitions, operating profit was slightly lower than the prior year, as increased costs in 2003 from pension, severance and insurance exceeded aggregate charges in 2002 for environmental remediation and aerospace fuel pump inspections. As reported, 2002 operating profit was $39.7 million, including the $115.3 million non-cash charge for asbestos-related claims.

11

1.
Net income in 2003 was $104.3 million, or $1.75 per share, compared with a net loss of $11.4 million, or ($0.19) per share, for the year 2002. The 2002 net loss included a change in an accounting principle related to goodwill that reduced net income by $28.1 million ($0.47 per share) and the full year non-cash charge of $115.3 million ($78.4 million after-tax, or $1.31 per share) for asbestos-related claims. Full year 2002 net income before these two items was $95.0 million, or $1.59 per share. Operating activities in 2003 generated $162.7 million in cash flow, resulting in free cash flow after capital expenditures and dividends of $110.8 million. In September 2003, the Company took advantage of a favorable market for debt securities and issued $200 million Senior Notes with a 5.50% coupon. The financing provides the Company greater flexibility to finance acquisitions and to make future repayments of debt. Net debt to capital was a conservative 24.4% at December 31, 2003, compared with 25.1% at December 31, 2002. Asbestos claims remain a significant issue for Crane Co. with both the number of claims and the costs of settlement and defense increasing in 2003. A detailed discussion of this issue is on page 40 in our notes to the financial statements. As we have said previously, we will continue to explore all feasible alternatives available to resolve this asbestos liability in a manner consistent with the best interest of the Company's shareholders.
12

Today there is a culture of continuous improvement that is penetrating deeper and more broadly throughout the Company. Our focus on grading, developing and hiring talented employees, our intellectual capital, has become just as important as our annual financial plan. Customer metrics are seen as prerequisites for growth, not goals in and of themselves, and our Operational Excellence program is becoming a way of life, not just a program.

2.
At Crane Co. we measure our progress in improving our business through a "gating chart". The chart shows prerequisite steps or gates that must be passed through to enable a unit to grow profitable sales. The first level of the chart is financial consistency (the ability to achieve financial plans). Customer metrics (quality, on-time delivery and lead times that are fully competitive) is the next level. In the top level, profitable sales growth, the business units' internal processes are such that margins and customer metrics are regularly delivered, allowing the management team to focus on trying to grow. In our judgment, today at Crane Co., 50 percent of our sales come from units in the profitable sales growth mode. This includes the Aerospace Group, Kemlite, Crane Merchandising Systems and several smaller business units. Thirty percent are in customer metrics, principally the Electronics Group, and 20 percent are in financial consistency, including most of the Fluid Handling businesses.

Strategy for Profitable Growth Over the past three years, our strategy to grow Economic Value Added (EVA) has been to make Crane Co. a more integrated operating company. We are seeking profit growth both through improvement of existing operations ­ by leveraging intellectual capital, improving customer focus and executing our operational excellence program ­ and through strategic linkages that have our business units working together more closely. Our goal is to redeploy the Company's strong free cash flow for acquisitions that will strengthen our current businesses. In 2003, George Scimone joined us as Chief Financial Officer, giving us the benefit of his 25 years at General Electric. We meaningfully strengthened our financial talent throughout the organization with the addition of twelve new senior finance leaders in the business units. Our "Crane 200" program to identify and develop the future leadership of the Company completed its second full year. Brad Ellis's move from Vice President of Operational Excellence to President of Merchandising Systems and the transfer of three Master Black Belts into operating positions are key initiatives of the program. Improving our customer focus metrics and executing our operational excellence program remain core values. On-time delivery was maintained at 92% in 2003, while inventory turns improved from 3.7 times in 2002 to 4.0 times in 2003. Quality remains a top priority for all our businesses. As we look at our Company, we see a number of changes resulting from the implementation of our strategy.

3.
The structure of our portfolio of businesses ­ grouped by operating profit as our A's, B's, and C's ­ has changed dramatically as a result of internal mergers, divestitures and key acquisitions, all leading to our goal of a smaller number of larger units and "A Better Crane Co." In the "A" category we now have four strategic entities totaling 67 percent of the 2003 revenues. The Aerospace Group is the result of the internal mergers of Eldec, Hydro-Aire/Lear Romec and Resistoflex Aerospace, which reduced costs by $8 million and combined the businesses under one management team. With our internal merger between Interpoint and a unit of Eldec and the two acquisitions of General Technology and Signal Technology, we have a $240 million Electronics Group under one management team. The Valve Group, with the 2001 acquisitions of Saunders (Crane Process Flow Technologies) and Xomox, is leveraging common procurement, rationalizing facilities, utilizing lowcost manufacturing facilities and selling each other's products. The fourth major "A", Kemlite, was strengthened with the 2002 acquisition of Lasco. Our principal near-term challenges and opportunities are to improve performance in the Valve Group and successfully integrate the Electronics Group acquisitions. We have six units in our mid-range "B" grouping, down from nine, and only four small "C" units, down from ten in 2001.

Growth Plans Since 2001, we have been focusing heavily on building a foundation for profitable growth. The Aerospace Group, Merchandising Systems and Kemlite (Engineered Materials) have largely completed this work and are now positioned at the top of the gating chart in profitable sales growth. The Electronics Group is completing its foundation building and is in the middle, or customer metrics level, largely as a reflection of its aggressive acquisition program. As the recent acquisitions are more fully integrated, the Electronics Group is expected to move quickly into the profitable sales growth level. At that time, 65 percent of our businesses will have good financial consistency and customer metrics that are at levels that need only to be sustained. In the Aerospace Group, our short- to medium-term growth plans are keyed to the modernization and upgrade markets, where we believe we can leverage the large installed base of military and commercial aircraft with products that enhance safety and reduce operating costs. In the Merchandising Systems Segment, we believe we can take advantage of our superior direct sales/service business model, top-quality aftermarket parts, excellent customer metrics and substantial investment in new products to gain market share in the United States. At Kemlite, we expect to be able to grow in the U. S. by displacing alternative materials, by commercializing new decorative panel products and by expanding product lines. Kemlite also plans to reallocate resources to grow more quickly in international markets. In the Electronics Group, our growth plans involve leveraging our ability to provide customers with high value-added products, services and capability solutions for all stages of the manufacturing process, all the way to the end product. The Fluid Handling Segment, which accounts for approximately 46 percent of our 2003 sales, continues to be largely in the first level of the gating chart, financial consistency, and its results have been disappointing. Weak end markets in chemical processing, power and general industrial markets have lowered sales, requiring us to reduce the workforce, rationalize facilities and move production to our own plants in low-cost countries. In 2003, these actions reduced headcount by 370 people, or 10 percent of the U.S. and Western European workforce, and generated charges of $8 million, primarily in the Valve Group. We believe the steps we have taken to improve these businesses will result in a strong increase in operating profit in 2004.

Outlook for 2004 While the prospects for two of our largest markets, aerospace and chemical processing, remain uncertain, we expect these markets to stabilize in 2004. The Aerospace & Electronics Segment will benefit from a full year of results from Signal Technology and increased demand for military and defense electronics but will continue to experience price pressures in commercial aerospace. We expect the recreational vehicle market to remain strong and the truck trailer transportation market to grow, with improved results in Engineered Materials. End markets are projected to stabilize for Merchandising Systems, with operating profit improving from sales of new products and lower costs in Europe. For Fluid Handling, the benefits of cost reduction actions in 2003 and the movement of manufacturing to low-cost countries are expected to more than offset weak end markets and produce a strong increase in operating profit. The Controls Segment results should have a slight improvement in 2004. Overall for 2004, we expect an improvement in earnings per share to $1.85-$2.00 versus $1.75 in 2003. Today we are "A Better Crane Co." and we are just getting started. In 2004, approximately half the Company is able to focus on growing profitable sales, but we are in the early stages of aggressively deploying our plans for this growth. Other key parts of Crane Co., particularly Fluid Handling, remain focused on building a solid foundation to be top competitors in their industries. These are both challenges and very real opportunities for substantial growth in the future. I deeply appreciate the dedication and hard work of our employees, the guidance and encouragement of our Board of Directors and your support as shareholders.

13

Sincerely,

Eric C. Fast
President and Chief Executive Officer february 13, 2004

