Salesforce delivered another exceptional year of growth and customer success. We reached $6 billion in annual revenue faster than any other enterprise software company, and we expect to surpass $8 billion in fiscal year 2017, on our way to our next milestone of $10 billion. Fiscal year 2016 marked the year that Salesforce became a Fortune 500 company, and was once again ranked by Forbes as one of the "World's Most Innovative Companies" and recognized by Fortune Magazine as one of the "Most Admired Software Companies" and one of the "Top Ten Companies to Work For." Our success is driven by our undivided focus on making our customers successful and helping them connect to their customers in a whole new way. We are in the Age of the Customer, where powerful technology forces driven by the cloud, social, mobile, data science, and the Internet of Things have opened a door for every company to transform their business models and customer experiences. With our industry-leading Customer Success Platform, Salesforce is uniquely positioned to bring our customers into the future. We meet with thousands of CEOs across every industry and region, and they are turning to Salesforce as trusted advisors to help them digitally transform their businesses and become more customer-centric companies. As a result, we hit an all-time high in large transactions this year and are winning some of the largest and most strategic transactions in the enterprise software industry. As we look to the year ahead, we will continue to deliver the industry's most exciting, innovative products and invest in opportunities to expand our market leadership. Salesforce is not just transforming businesses, we are also transforming our communities. Since inception, the Salesforce Foundation, Salesforce.org, and Salesforce have together given nearly $120 million in grants, more than 1.3 million hours to the community, and our service offerings to nearly 28,000 nonprofit and higher education organizations. I would like to extend our gratitude to our more than 150,000 customers and partners for their inspiration, and our more than 20,000 employees around the world for living our core values -- trust, innovation, growth, and equality -- and delivering customer success every day. And, our gratitude to you, our stockholders, for your continued support of Salesforce. Aloha,

