Fellow stockholders,

With the completion of our fiscal year 2009, we have achieved a major milestone for our company and our industry. We have become the first enterprise cloud-computing company to report more than $1 billion in revenue in a single fiscal year. That's a remarkable achievement in any environment, let alone the one we faced during the past year.

For the full fiscal year, we reported revenue of $1.077 billion, an increase of 44% from fiscal 2008. Fueling this growth was the addition of more than 14,000 net new customers. We're now creating success for roughly
1.5 million subscribers at approximately 55,400 customers of all sizes, in virtually every industry, across the globe.

On March 8, 2009, we celebrated the 10th anniversary of our company. Many of you have heard us say that in our industry, people overestimate what you can do in a year, but underestimate what you can do in a decade. At the end of our first decade, the real congratulations go to our customers, who have created an unprecedented record of success and inspired our best innovations. I hope you'll join me in wishing them continued success with our service.

We begin our second decade in a time that is testing the resources and resolve of every company. Recent headlines have forced all of us to question some of our basic assumptions about the markets and the economy. That extends to the way businesses think about how they use-and most important, how they pay for­ technology. When credit is tight, big invoices for hardware, software, and data centers defy logic and consume precious capital and increase risk. In an uncertain business environment, the far more predicable costs and benefits of cloud computing are even more important to help not only survive the downturn but to emerge with a competitive advantage.

Sadly, the greatest weight of the economic downturn will be borne by the least fortunate. And many companies may reconsider charitable donations in this environment. That's why we are grateful that we established our model of integrated corporate philanthropy 10 years ago. The Salesforce.com Foundation was funded with 1% of our equity and was charged with helping employees donate 1% of their time and enabling nonprofits
to succeed with our service. A decade ago, it was an easy thing to do-there were almost no employees and no product and the equity wasn't worth much. Today the Salesforce.com Foundation works with more than 5,200 nonprofits around the world. Our more than 3,500 employees have made a huge impact with more than 125,000 hours donated to date. These accomplishments drive home a big point: This new model can work in any country in any economy.

You, our stockholders, have supported us in the belief that we can embrace this model of integrated corporate philanthropy and still create value. On behalf of my fellow employees and the communities they serve: thank you. We look forward to speaking with you more in the next decade of growth, a period that we believe will be fueled by the low costs, low risks, and fast returns of cloud computing.

Aloha,

