Fellow stockholders, Salesforce.com had an exceptional year of growth in fiscal year 2013. We exited the year with more than $3 billion in revenue, an increase of 37 percent year over year in constant currency, making us the fastest growing company among the top 10 software companies in the world. And with more than $5.3 billion of booked business on and off the balance sheet, we are well positioned for strong future growth. Salesforce.com was founded 14 years ago with the vision of transforming enterprise software. We pioneered the shift to social and mobile enterprise cloud computing in the first decade of our business. And today, we continue to move the industry forward with new technology that leverages the trends that are shaping our world--cloud, social, mobile, big data, software, community and trust. The convergence of these powerful revolutions introduces an incredible opportunity for companies to connect with customers, employees, partners and products in entirely new ways--and become customer companies. With salesforce.com's next generation customer platform, companies have the power to create deeper connections with their customers and unlock greater levels of growth, innovation and success. That's why our customers have made salesforce.com #1 in each of our four core markets--sales, service, marketing and cloud platforms. Our flagship Sales Cloud is the leader in salesforce automation and is well over $1 billion in revenue. The award-winning Service Cloud is well positioned to be our next billion-dollar product line. And with the combination of Radian6, the leader in social listening, and Buddy Media, the leader in social advertising, the Marketing Cloud is another billion-dollar product line in the making. In addition, momentum for our platform business continues to build as companies demand the next generation of social and mobile apps to serve their employees and customers. The Salesforce Platform has been our fastest growing product line for six consecutive quarters and is another billion-dollar opportunity. Our commitment to innovation has been broadly recognized in the industry. We are honored that Forbes selected salesforce.com as the World's Most Innovative Company for the second consecutive year and that The Economist awarded salesforce.com as a 2012 Innovation leader. But perhaps what differentiates us most is our integrated philanthropic model, which enables us to seek profit and purpose. By investing one percent of our equity, profit and time into the Salesforce.com Foundation, we've been able to give more than $40 million in grants, more than 445,000 hours to the community, and our service to more than 17,500 non-profits and NGOs that make the world a better place. I would like to extend a sincere thank you to our 10,000 employees for their continued focus on our customers, to our customers and partners for their inspiration and to our stockholders for your continued support. We look forward to reporting our progress over the next year and to becoming the first enterprise cloud company to exceed a $4 billion annual revenue run rate. Aloha,

