Fellow stockholders, Salesforce.com had an amazing year of growth in FY12. Revenue rose 37 percent, making us the fastestgrowing company among the top 20 software companies in the world. We delivered a record-breaking 150 billion data center transactions for our customers in FY12 and ended the year with a $2.5 billion annual revenue run rate and more than $3.5 billion of booked business on and off the balance sheet. Thirteen years ago, we started with a simple idea that companies could run their businesses on the Internet--an idea that spawned the $46 billion cloud computing industry and fundamentally changed enterprise software. Today, our industry is on the cusp of an even more dramatic shift. Social and mobile technologies are empowering billions of individuals to share their likes and dislikes, and to spark action faster than we've ever seen--at a speed that's faster than most organizations can respond. These forces are not only changing our personal lives, but are also changing the way we work--and inspiring companies to become Social Enterprises. Social Enterprises are leveraging the power of social networks to turn transparency into trust, unleash the power of individuals, and align their organizations to drive greater levels of customer success at the speed of social. The response to our Social Enterprise strategy has been nothing short of amazing. Companies including Burberry, Facebook, General Electric, HP, Toyota, and so many others have already embraced these changes and put salesforce.com at the heart of their Social Enterprise transformations. We believe the next decade of enterprise software will be defined by this shift to the Social Enterprise. That's why we're constantly delivering new innovations that equip customers with the latest technologies to power their employee and customer social networks. Two years ago we introduced and deeply integrated our enterprise collaboration service, Chatter, into all of our services as a foundation for the Social Enterprise. Then last year, we extended our Social Enterprise capabilities to include marketing with the acquisition of Radian6, and human capital management with the acquisition of Rypple. With next-generation sales, service, marketing, and work apps, we're able to help customers revolutionize the entire front office experience. We also opened up our Force.com and Heroku platforms, giving developers the freedom to code apps of any kind, in the languages of their choice. As we look ahead, we know that our future growth will be driven by our ability to innovate and attract the best people on the planet. That's why we were so thrilled to be named "the most innovative company in the world" by Forbes magazine and one of the 100 "best companies to work for" by Fortune magazine. And salesforce.com is not just transforming technology and business, we're also transforming the communities in which we live and work. Since 1999, the Salesforce.com Foundation has given more than $30 million in grants, dedicated more than 320,000 hours of service to the community, and donated our products to more than 14,000 nonprofits around the world. I'd like to thank our more than 100,000 customers, 2,000 partners, and nearly 8,000 employees for their continued trust and inspiration. And I'd like to thank all of you, my fellow stockholders, for your confidence in salesforce.com as we strive to reach our goal of becoming the first enterprise cloud company to achieve $3 billion in annual revenue. Aloha,

