                                    A Letter from
    Mike Lawrie
                  In last year’s annual report, I concluded with this statement about our business:
“We are committing more and investing more in our clients, our partners and our people — and we expect to win more, grow more and achieve more in the year ahead for you,
our shareholders.”
I am pleased to report that in fiscal year 2016, CSC delivered on our commitments and accelerated our ongoing transformation.
During the fiscal year, we successfully separated the company into two publicly traded pure-play leaders, each with the ability to lead clients on their digital transformations. Both CSC and CSRA (created by combining CSC’s former North American Public Sector business with SRA International) today have strong foundations with compelling value propositions and are well-positioned to grow and lead
in their respective segments.
Our goal is to be the #1 or #2 provider of next-generation solutions in the key markets, industries and practice areas we serve, and we are beginning to carve out true leader- ship positions as a result. In this regard, CSC had a notably productive year:
• In partnership with HCL, we created CeleritiFinTech to capitalize on the proven capabilities of both our companies to serve the multibillion-dollar, global core banking software market.
• Our acquisition of Fixnetix, a leading provider of front- office managed trading solutions, makes CSC a world leader in providing managed services to capital markets firms.
• With Fruition Partners, CSC is now the number one integrator of ServiceNow globally. We are strengthening our leadership in this space as demonstrated by our recently announced intention to acquire Aspediens, Europe’s leading provider of technology-enabled solutions for the service management sector and
a preferred ServiceNow partner.
• The acquisition of UXC Limited makes CSC the largest independent IT services provider in Australia. UXC’s application platform capabilities — combined with CSC’s existing strengths in cloud, cyber and big data — enable us to lead the most challenging projects for our clients in the region, and beyond.
• Our recently completed acquisition of London-based Xchanging places CSC at the heart of the insurance industry’s digital transformation as the top provider of core insurance solutions globally.
• We are carrying this momentum forward in the new fiscal year with the proposed merger of CSC with the Enterprise Services business of Hewlett Packard Enterprise. The combination will represent a giant leap forward in CSC’s transformation and is an exciting development for our industry and for our people, clients, partners and share- holders. This transaction is forecast to close at the end
of March 2017. (See sidebar for more information.)
  1

    These strategic additions to CSC accelerate the rebalancing of our offering portfolio, fully align with our commitment to technology independence, and position CSC to lead in the markets and industries we serve around the world. At the same time, these outstanding companies bring talent, new capabilities and cultural diversity to CSC, and create more opportunities for all of our people.
CSC has an exciting story to tell. And while there is more work to do, our accomplishments should serve as a great source of pride for the entire CSC family.
In fiscal year 2016, we continued to invest in our business and people. Once again CSC produced solid profitability and earnings growth — along with healthy cash flow.
CSC’s full-year results for fiscal year 2016 included GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.50 and non-GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations of $2.57.1 CSC also returned $594 million to shareholders in the form of $421 million in common stock dividends — including the $10.50 per share concurrent special cash dividend paid by CSC and CSRA at the time of separation — and $173 million of share repurchases.
CSC is well positioned to deliver revenue growth and margin expansion in the coming year based on our success in fiscal year 2016.
We secured more than $8 billion in new business to provide next-generation IT services and solutions to global clients. One of these agreements was a $600 million contract ex- tension with BAE Systems that introduces new capabilities, such as CSC BizCloudTM and CSC Agility PlatformTM, across an expanded scope in applications, infrastructure and project services.
1. Please see non-GAAP reconciliation of EPS on page 26 of the 10-K.
 CSC AND HPE’S ENTERPRISE SERVICES — CREATING A GLOBAL IT SERVICES LEADER
On May 24, 2016, CSC announced that its Board of Directors — just 6 months following our business separation — unanimously approved a plan to merge the company with the Enterprise Services segment of Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE).
The strategic combination of these two complementary businesses will create one of the world’s largest pure-play IT services companies, uniquely positioned to lead clients on their digital transformations. The new company is expected to have annual revenues of $26 billion and more than 5,000 clients in 70 countries. The merger is expected to be completed by the end of March 2017, subject to CSC shareholder and regulatory reviews and approvals.
“As a pure play, the combined company will be built to lead digital transformations using next-generation technology solutions from both companies. It will be able to operate independent of any single hardware provid- er, while partnering with the world’s leading technology providers, including HPE.”
MIKE LAWRIE Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
    2
  
While large contracts are key to CSC’s ongoing success, client purchasing trends have increased the importance of midsized deals. At WEX, a global payments company, our account team grew CSC’s footprint from a small IT host- ing agreement to a sizable transformational outsourcing contract, including service management, cloud, cyberse- curity and applications modernization. We also partnered with EMC, Hitachi Data Systems and VMware to provide an enterprise cloud–based solution to The PNC Financial Services Group, a top 10 U.S. bank, and are extending that relationship with a range of ServiceNow services provided by our Fruition Partners team.
These are just a few examples of clients who are looking
for guidance and innovation to compete in the new digital marketplace. The fact is that all of our clients and prospects are making a transformation to the digitally integrated enterprise, and that creates a fantastic opportunity for us to lead and grow. To do this, we have had to “change our wiring” from being a provider of large IT outsourcing services — a business in decline — to becoming a leading provider of the services and solutions that enable our clients’ digital transformations.
To lead our clients on their digital journeys, we have streamlined our portfolio from more than 2,000 custom offerings into 15 families composed of 200 modernized offerings. These offerings are linked to the key digital shifts
Building on this strategic clarity, in fiscal year 2016 we continued to make progress toward our revenue crossover as discussed at our November 2015 Investor Day. (The crossover refers to the point at which growth in next-gen revenue exceeds decline in our legacy business.) Revenue from our next-generation offerings grew more than 54 percent in constant currency over fiscal year 2015 and, impressively, more than 60 percent year-over-year in
our fourth quarter on the same basis.
I am also pleased to report that overall client satisfaction increased for the fiscal year, with a 15 percent improvement in our Net Promoter Score®, demonstrating client confidence in our go-forward strategy.
We are also continuing to extend our leadership position with the support of our alliance partners. We made a pivotal decision 4 years ago that we would collaborate better than any other player in the enterprise IT space. To that end, we once again invested more than $200 million in next-generation services and solutions in fiscal year 2016 to complement the billions of R&D dollars invested by our alliance partners.
This approach has yielded impressive results, including the alignment of CSC Agility PlatformTM with AT&T Netbond® to establish a highly secure cloud management solution for clients, and our collaboration with 360Globalnet, a
  we are seeing in the market around applications, platforms, networks, enterprise service management and the work- place, as well as to new digital business models emerging in industries such as insurance, healthcare and banking.
UK-based digital insurance solutions provider, to power state-of-the-art, self-service claims processing. CSC was named Global Partner of the Year by Hitachi Data Systems. For 2015 we were recognized by EMC as its Americas Alli- ances Partner of the Year for the second consecutive year and also were honored as its Global Strategic Outsourcer Partner of the Year.
    3
   
 To ensure that we have the right mix of next-generation skills to realize our goals, we continued to make strategic investments in our most important asset: our people. In addition to hiring hundreds of new employees across the globe each month, we established an end-to-end workforce management program to better identify, hire, onboard, train, incent and retain skilled professionals. We launched programs in partner technologies, such as IBM and Amazon Web Services cloud computing, successfully training 700 people on IBM Bluemix and 3,350 on Amazon Web Ser- vices. And we piloted MyCareer@CSC, an integrated skills development program that identifies the next-generation skills we will need to lead, while providing specific learning paths for our people.
As ever, we are guided by our CLEAR Values. And, as part of our continued focus on business growth and performance excellence, we remain strongly committed to corporate responsibility and sustainability across our global operations, from energy reduction to community involvement. By its nature, next-generation information technology and the work we do transforms the way people live, work, communicate and consume. In recognition of CSC’s commitment to corporate citizenship and to finding
better and more efficient ways of using energy and natural resources, CSC has been ranked number 13 in Corporate Responsibility Magazine’s 100 Best Corporate Citizens List.
  4

                                                       It is also worth noting that our new headquarters building in Tysons, Virginia, is a modern, eco-friendly facility that furthers our commitment to sustainability and a healthy work environment.
On behalf of my fellow directors, I would like to offer well-deserved thanks to our clients, partners, employees and shareholders for their continued confidence and support of our aspiration to become the global leader
in next-generation IT services and solutions.
I would also like to thank our former board chairman Rodney Chase, who served CSC and our shareholders with great commitment and distinction for more than a decade, and acknowledge the additions of directors Dr. Mukesh Aghi, Herman Bulls, Peter Rutland and Robert F. Woods. CSC’s Board is focused on achieving long-term performance and creating value for our stockholders through the prudent execution of our business strategies, risk management, strong corporate governance and top-quality talent
and succession planning.
As we look toward fiscal year 2017, we see an unbelievable market opportunity ahead — the kind that only comes along once in a generation. By continuing to carve out
our position as a leading provider of digitally integrated enterprise solutions, we will not only drive a positive shift in revenue and profits, we also will reinvigorate and reposition CSC’s value proposition. We will continue to invest in our people and our next-generation services and solutions to create added value for our clients, partners, employees and shareholders.
Thank you for your belief in and support of CSC.
MIKE LAWRIE
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
                                                                                                                                                                                       5
                                                 