 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
 DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,
  Fiscal 2002 was a good year for CSC.
Headlong into a global economic slowdown, the information technology (IT) services industry last year was buffeted by sharp reductions in capital spending, deferred and cancelled projects, prolonged acquisition cycles, and the effects of over-capacity.
Against this backdrop, CSC delivered record revenues and grew faster than the industry.
In fiscal 2002, CSC increased revenues by 8.6% – over 10% in constant currency terms – to a record $11.4 billion. Strength in our global commercial outsourcing and our U.S. federal government businesses contributed especially to this growth. Growth in the fourth quarter derived entirely from internal sources.
Net income for the year was $344 million, a result of our increased focus on fiscal management. We have lowered our cost structure and set the stage for continued improvement. This focus also produced greater cash flow, a lower debt to total capitalization ratio, and a stronger balance sheet.
Capping this, CSC announced a record $11.4 billion in major new contract awards during the year. These are multi-year contracts, and they increase the portion of our revenues that derives from long-term recurring sources.
For the information technology services industry, the past year has been difficult, turbulent and unpredictable. For CSC, it has been a year of solid achievement.
These achievements stem in part from actions we took to address conditions that our industry faced and specific issues that CSC had encountered late in fiscal 2001, and included programs to streamline operations, rationalize functions and facilities, and improve quality of service. These programs are having a positive impact. More important, they have resulted in sustainable improvements across CSC – improvements in our organization and in our cost structure – and they are expected to provide continuing benefit to CSC going forward.
Our achievements stem as much from the skills, the thinking and the values of the remarkable individuals who make up CSC. We boast 67,000 of the very best people in our industry. Many have been challenged in the past year, not only by business conditions and the demands of the company, but also by world events. All have met those challenges and more.
Turning to our markets, we expect the current trend among clients to make better use of their existing information technology assets and to seek better-defined and improved returns on their investments in IT to continue. This trend plays directly to CSC’s strengths in outsourcing and in applying new technology for business use.
Outsourcing became CSC’s largest line of service in less than a decade and today accounts
for more than half of the company’s annual revenues. CSC serves outsourcing clients in fifteen industries on six continents. And with the industry’s only global service delivery organization, and our exclusive and award-winning balanced-scorecard approach to tracking contract performance, CSC is very well positioned to continue its noteworthy success in this expanding global market.
In addition to CSC’s focus on the global outsourcing market, the company is pursuing a number of areas with strong growth potential where CSC can leverage its core strengths.
For example, CSC is expanding its lead in electronic government, a major initiative for govern- ments in North America, Europe and Australia. By combining CSC’s commercial sector innovations and best practices with our extensive government experience, we are helping governments around the world use information technology and new operating models to provide better service to their citizens.
Demand for CSC’s global information security services is strong and growing. We are now providing comprehensive and integrated security services to commercial and government clients around the world. And by building on the solid foundation of providing information security to the U.S. intelligence community, CSC is positioned to lead in the emerging homeland security field.
Our work in the area of Business Process Management (BPM) illustrates another distinctive CSC strength: the ability to implement innovation at scale and with measurable business result. Using our
 1

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
  exclusive e3SM approach – a proven and rapid way to integrate business processes using industry-standard technologies – CSC has already delivered BPM capability to clients in the telecommunications and retail industries, and we expect e3 to strongly differentiate CSC in the evolving Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) market.
We also expect the demand for industry-specific and process-specific solutions to continue to grow. These solutions combine consulting, implementation and operations into a single package targeted at a specific business need and delivered as a managed service.
Through these offerings and others, CSC helps clients:
Manage complexity in the operation of their business processes and their computing resources and in keeping current with constantly changing technologies and evolving best practices
Focus on their core businesses by relying on an expert service provider who does the same. With thousands of technology, process and industry professionals; ongoing and company-wide best-practices research; investments in methodologies, tools, training and infrastructure;
and alliances with a broad range of technology suppliers across the whole industry, CSC brings to bear resources few clients alone can muster or afford
Collaborate with their partners and clients by integrating not just technology infrastructure, applications and data, but actual business processes – from one end of the value chain to
the other – across divisions, companies and continents
Improve operations by leveraging economies of scale and specialization, by reducing costs and increasing effectiveness, by rapidly implementing new innovations and by continuously improving existing ones.
Our clients depend on these benefits for their own success, and trust CSC to deliver them – every day, everywhere. CSC has steadfastly done so for more than four decades. Trust and a reputation for excellence are qualities that are earned, not bought with facile assertion or marketing hype. Our clients know this. That is why CSC has again been ranked among the most admired companies in our industry by Fortune magazine.
CSC’s achievements for fiscal 2002 reflect a number of the company’s long-standing and distinctive strengths: an ability to change and adapt to market conditions with a speed, agility and precision that is rare, if not unique, for a company of CSC’s size; an ability to remain focused on industries and areas that present the greatest opportunities for profitable growth; and an ability to marshal and combine resources from across the company to address those opportunities.
Our pipeline of new business opportunities – in both the global commercial outsourcing and the federal government arenas – is robust. And we are better positioned to capture more new business in global commercial consulting and systems integration as that market recovers.
In last year’s letter to you, I said that fiscal 2001 was not a year we planned to repeat, and we clearly didn’t. Fiscal 2002 was a transition year which will serve as a foundation for further progress during fiscal 2003. We will continue the programs that have fundamentally strengthened CSC’s competitiveness and performance, and we will do all we can to increase CSC’s success – and the success of our clients – in the coming year.
Sincerely,
Van B. Honeycutt
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 June 7, 2002
