 CLARITY, CONFIDENCE AND COMMUNITY
 Just three years ago, CSC faced serious challenges.
The company had troubled contracts and a high cost structure that reduced profitability and cash flow. Earnings were negative, the stock price had fallen to $30 per share, and market capitalization had dropped nearly 40 percent to under $5 billion. The company had become less relevant to clients and the industry, and was not well positioned
for growth.
To address these challenges, CSC launched an ambitious and comprehensive turnaround program at the start of fiscal year 2013. Our goal was to capitalize on historic shifts in the IT industry and better serve our shareholders, clients, partners and employees by working to become a global leader and innovator in next-generation technology solutions.
Since then we have made great strides in transforming the company. We implemented a common operating model, strengthened our leadership team, divested non-core businesses to raise over $1 billion and realized approximately $1.9 billion in cost takeout. CSC’s cash position, profitability and market capitalization have dramatically improved as a result. Significantly, too, we began to regain the confidence of our clients and the marketplace.
This progress continued in fiscal year 2015, with CSC again delivering profitable growth and strong cash flow. Our public sector margins are now among the best in the industry,
enabling strategic reinvestment. Non-GAAP earnings per share increased 9 percent. Free cash flow grew to $717 million against $689 million in fiscal year 2014. Through share repurchases and dividends, we returned a total of $867 million to our shareholders.
Sales of next-generation offerings again accelerated this fiscal year, client satisfaction scores in our commercial business continued on a positive path, and CSC and our alliance partners won several major deals, including many new logos. Large wins included a five-year agreement with BlueScope Steel for applications modernization, partnering with AT&T and HCL Technologies; a five-year contract with Vattenfall, one of Europe’s leading energy companies, to deliver CSC MyWorkStyle to 30,000 users, also with AT&T; and a seven-year, $78 million deal to support engineering consultancy Amey with next-generation solutions.
With our strategy translating into significantly improved performance, CSC continues to receive positive feedback from independent analysts. Recently, Forrester named CSC a “Leader” in Managed Security Services (North America), among our more than 10 current “Leader” designations. Additional recognition came from CR Magazine, which named CSC a Top 100 Best Corporate Citizen for 2015.
To build on the momentum of the turnaround, we are now focused on positioning the business for long-term growth and market leadership. To that end, the CSC Board of Directors has unanimously approved a plan to separate CSC into two publicly traded, pure-play leaders. One company will serve more than 1,000 commercial and government clients globally, and the other will be a top-three indepen- dent service provider to the U.S. public sector. We believe both companies will be well positioned to grow and lead, delivering a compelling value proposition to all stakeholders.
 56 Years
of Service to the Global 2000 and Government Clients
$867 Million
Returned to Shareholders in Fiscal Year 2015

 “With the rapid progress of our transfor- mation, CSC is much more efficient, more profitable and better positioned for growth than it was three years ago.
The value of CSC stock has grown more than 118 percent to $65 per share, and our market capitalization has more than doubled to over $9 billion since the close of fiscal year 2012. Today we consistently return value to our share- holders through stock repurchases and a dividend that we increased in fiscal year 2015 by 15 percent.”
Mike Lawrie
President and
Chief Executive Officer
   CSC 2015 ANNUAL REPORT | 3

 “We recognize that operating ethically and responsibly to deliver sustainable value to our clients and stakeholders is vital to our business success. That is why, as we continue to focus on business growth and performance excellence, we remain strongly committed to corporate responsibility and sustainability across our global operations, from energy reduction and community involvement to investments that help our people gain new skills and opportunities.”
Mike Lawrie
President and Chief Executive Officer
As we create these two world-class businesses, we are poised to make substantial investments in our clients, partners and people to drive growth. It starts with invest- ment to ensure that our community of employees around the world brings the right mix of skills to help our clients succeed. With a new global workforce transformation initiative, we are fully committed to further enhancing
our skill base to serve clients better.
As part of this strategic initiative, we are investing in an end-to-end workforce management process to better onboard, train, incent and retain skilled professionals to quickly address shifts in client demand. We will create a new success-sharing plan for our top performers at all levels while adding new training tools to the CSC University learning environment. Through partnerships with universities, we will support STEM degree programs for millennials and other workers. New tools and processes, including upgraded HR and financial systems, will help every CSC employee work better and smarter, and realize new growth opportunities.
To improve commercial performance, we continue to build next-generation offerings and tap into our vibrant ecosystem of best-of-breed technology partners. Today we are invest- ing in CSC MyWorkStyle, new network offerings with AT&T, our Big Data Platform as a Service, cybersecurity,
applications modernization, Storage as a Service, mobility and the integration of CSC Agility PlatformTM for cloud management with public clouds from IBM, Microsoft, VMware and Amazon. When added to CSC’s unique technol- ogy independence, our partner-enabled go-to-market strategy allows us to provide clients with the right combina- tion of innovative capabilities and objective guidance.
In fiscal year 2016 we will intensify our focus on growth. That means investing to further align our sales force by industry, strengthening our top accounts, improving cross-sell and using metrics more effectively to double our win rate on deals of over $100 million. CSC and our partners will invest more heavily in research and development of high-growth healthcare and insurance offerings. Investment in more joint ventures and more small acquisitions in fiscal year 2016 will add market-facing capabilities and strengthen our offerings portfolio to capture new revenue.
As the cloud era advances, we recognize that our market
will continue to change rapidly and unpredictably, presenting new opportunities for growth and innovation. As these shifts occur, I am confident that our ability to bring clarity, value and a community of expertise to our clients will position CSC’s two world-class businesses for success. We are committing more and investing more in our clients, our partners and our people — and we expect to win more, grow more and achieve more in the year ahead for you, our shareholders.
Thank you for your support of CSC.
Mike Lawrie
President and Chief Executive Officer
 Ranked #3
in IT Services
FORTUNE Magazine, 2015
Ranked #229
in the 2015 FORTUNE 500®
