 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Fiscal 2003 was a solid year for CSC. I am pleased to report that we saw increased earnings and steady improvement.
Net income for the year was $440.2 million, revenues remained steady at $11.3 billion, and nearly 80% of revenues were derived from multi-year agreements. Major new business wins totaled $7.7 billion in value.
Fiscal 2003 marked another year in which CSC delivered sound results. This is due, in part, to actions the company took in fiscal 2001 to increase efficiency and productivity, to reduce discretionary expenses and manage risk, to balance resources with demand, and to improve our performance.
CSC’s success is also due to the company’s unique ability to focus resources quickly on areas that hold new opportunities for significant growth. An example is the U.S. federal government, with its increased requirements for less costly and improved service to citizens, as well as more effective security and information assurance, especially in the area of Homeland Security.
To better address the opportunities these requirements create, CSC set a goal to increase the portion of total revenues that it generates from the U.S. federal govern- ment. CSC achieved that goal with the March 2003 acquisition of DynCorp. In fiscal 2003, CSC’s revenues from the government exceeded $3 billion for the first time. U.S. federal revenues comprised 29% of our total revenue.
Founded in 1946, DynCorp has been a leading provider of security, wireless technology, logistics support, base management and aviation services to the government. With DynCorp, CSC has access to virtually every depart- ment and agency in the government. CSC now offers a much broader set of capabilities and solutions, and we now have more than 40,000 professionals dedicated to government work. Combined, the two companies have
more than 100 years of experience. CSC now ranks among the top five IT services providers to the government.
Additional noteworthy developments during fiscal 2003 included these major awards: a $700 million agreement to provide global outsourcing services for Bombardier Transportation and a 10-year, $560 million IT outsourc- ing agreement with Dun & Bradstreet. Key U.S. federal signings included new awards with the Department
of State, the Environmental Protection Agency, and the U.S. Army Communications and Electronics Command. We also extended large agreements with Raytheon
and United Technologies Corp. on the commercial
side and NASA and the Centers for Disease Control in the federal sector.
On the technology front, we continued to build upon our many years of industry experience and expertise. We worked with NASA to install one of the world’s largest supercomputers and developed a number of innovative solutions for vertical industries, such as software that helps financial services firms comply with new regulations. We also reaffirmed CSC’s position as an industry leader in the fight against cyberterrorism and created a federal sector division to meet growing Homeland Security needs. CSC’s Enforcement, Security and Intelligence organization won $202 million in new awards within three months of its creation.
In April, Mike Laphen was elected the company’s
new president and chief operating officer, replacing Edward “Pete” Boykin, who is retiring. Mike has been with CSC since 1977, most recently serving as president of CSC’s European Group. Pete provided CSC with 37 years of dedicated and outstanding service, for which
I am deeply grateful.
More than ever, clients worldwide seek better-defined business return from their IT investments. They want more than technology – they demand business results.
2 EXPERIENCE.

 CSC believes these results can be best delivered by total solutions that impact high-value business processes, leverage existing systems and investments, and enable continuous improvement. CSC’s processes, products, methodologies, tools, training and infrastructure, and the skills and values of our people – in a word, CSC’s experience – is exactly in developing and deploying such solutions, at scale and for industrial-strength produc- tion environments.
CSC ended the fiscal year on a high note. In March, we announced a 10-year, $1.6 billion global IT infrastructure outsourcing agreement with Motorola, a leading telecom- munications and electronics company. CSC will manage Motorola’s global midrange, desktop and distributed computing infrastructure, its network infrastructure, and its global help-desk operations.
Fiscal 2004 is off to a very strong start. Notable announce- ments in the first two months of the year include:
• A 10-year, $2.4 billion agreement awarded to the CSC-led Prism Alliance to provide IT outsourcing for the Royal Mail Group, a government-owned public limited company
in the United Kingdom.
• A 10-year, $948 million agreement to provide facilities management and range operations for the British Ministry of Defence, which was awarded to a DynCorp International joint venture.
• A $735 million agreement
to manage Marconi Corporation’s worldwide IT infrastructure for 10 years. Marconi is a global provider of telecommunications equipment, services and solutions.
• A $450 million, 10-year agreement to provide IT outsourcing for ISS A/S, a global leader in facility services based in Denmark.
In just the first two months of the new fiscal year, CSC has won more than half as much new award value as in all of fiscal 2003. Further, our opportunities for awards with the U.S. federal government now stand at nearly $38 billion to be awarded over the next 34 months. The breadth and scope of those business opportunities have never been larger.
CSC ended the year a different company from the one it was at the beginning of the year. We now
have approximately 90,000 capable employees in 76 countries who are our most valuable asset and are up to the task of delivering results to our clients. We are better positioned than we have ever been to address significant opportunities in government and commercial markets worldwide.
In the constantly-changing environment of information technology, some things remain constant: our dedication to clients, our ethics, our focus on practical innovation, our drive to deliver business results. These are the immutables, the qualities that define us. They are the sum of our experience. We will use this experience – as we always have – to continue to deliver operational and financial results to our clients and value to our shareholders.
Sincerely,
Van B. Honeycutt
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
June 5, 2003
    RESULTS. 3
