WHAT A DIFFERENCE A YEAR MAKES!
2013 BUILT A
SOLID FOUNDATION
When I became CEO of CSC a year ago, we started FY 2013 in a difficult position:
• Underperforming contracts and a high-cost structure were reducing profitability and limiting cash flows;
• Our complex operating model lacked focus and accountability;
• Low-margin commodity offerings were not standardized and were delivered ineffectively; we lacked a clear understanding of how we were perceived by clients and the market; and
• All these factors combined to cut CSC’s market capitalization by nearly 60 percent; some agencies were on the verge of downgrading our credit.
We made a commitment to address and improve each of these areas.
First, we defined what we wanted to be good at—and we put in place a strategy to achieve our full potential. We staked our future on next-generation infrastruc- ture offerings, and moving up the value chain from commodity offerings to high-value, differentiated, scalable solutions such as applications management and consulting. We focused on five industries: healthcare, financial services, manufacturing, diversified industries, and the public sector.
Second, we divested assets that were no longer core to our strategic value proposition. We divested four businesses and received over $1.1 billion in cash for these properties. We also acquired 42Six Solutions LLC, which provides big data and analytics to Federal and commercial customers.
Third, we launched an aggressive $1.2 billion cost takeout program to “Get Fit.” We concentrated on four opportunities: contract performance; supply chain and procurement; workforce optimization; and enterprise overhead. The program achieved approximately $900 million of gross cost takeout savings in FY 2013. Cost takeout savings were a significant driver of CSC’s improved free cash flow performance of $764 million.
Fourth, we rededicated CSC to making our clients the center of our universe. Whether in our offerings, sales, or staff organizations, our primary question is, “What do we need to do to deliver value to our clients?”
Fifth, we dramatically changed how we operate. Our contract management process was reengineered to improve our performance. We bolstered our bid review process and implemented economic game plans to better manage underperform- ing contracts. As a result, contract performance improved dramatically in 2013.
A new leadership team began implementing a new operating model that is really quite simple. We have offerings such as applications development, consulting, and industry software and solutions which comprise our Global Business Services (GBS). Desktop support, data center management and enterprise service offerings are provided by Global Infrastructure Services (GIS). And
we have our incubators—Big Data, Cyber and Cloud. We are putting in place rigorous discipline around Offering Lifecycle Management (OLM) to clarify our offerings and help us create new ones.
 CSC 2013 ANNUAL REPORT
3

 “We have arrived at the intellectual conviction that we must build a company that leads the industry, not a company that is a fast follower or a low-cost version of somebody else.”
Our Go-to-Market strategy is driven by our industry organizations. Regional organizations also play a key role in bringing all of CSC’s capabilities together within a geography. We have clarified roles and responsibilities, and reengineered delegation of authority. We have also reduced management layers from thirteen to eight; this streamlines the company, speeds up decision-making and adds clarity to our day-to-day activities.
Sixth, we overhauled our global alliances program. We reached out to our partners and began to build new, win/win relationships that leverage their investments in technology and service delivery. We are integrating their strengths with ours into a new value proposition to jointly take to market.
 OPERATING MARGIN
10% 7.2%
          6.0%
         -8.8
%
    0%
-10%
FY 2011
FY 2012
TOTAL SHAREHOLDER RETURN
FY 2013
    All margins include restructuring
FREE CASH FLOW
$764
   $800M
$400M
0
80%
0%
-40%
68%
$678
       $59
          -8% -38
%
                      FY 2011
FY 2012
FY 2013
FY 2011
FY 2012
FY 2013
 FY 2013 FCF is shown before discretionary pension contribution of $500M
 4
CSC 2013 ANNUAL REPORT

EARLY RETURNS ARE ENCOURAGING
WE WILL CONTINUE TO INVEST AND GROW
We have been on an exciting journey—and shareholders, clients and employees are just beginning to see the benefits of our actions. We made financial progress on a number of fronts: we refinanced our debt at favorable rates and extended our maturities; we dramatically improved our operating margins and cash flow year-over-year, which is reflected in our stock price; our credit rating has improved and the large credit agencies have changed to a much more favorable view of CSC, going forward; and we reduced our capital expenditures by almost $300 million in FY 2013. As a result, our financial performance has improved, and we are beginning to regain the confidence of key stakeholders.
CSC is committed to creating a performance-based culture, and we are investing in our employees. This year, we are creating a salary plan that expands equity— via restricted shares and options—and drives it throughout the organization to nurture key talent.
We will also make significant investments in our businesses, most notably in
our three incubators that focus on big data, cloud computing and cyber security. We will also invest in our sales force, and in new finance and human resource systems. In FY 2014, we will commit approximately $300 million—the largest investment in CSC’s history.
These investments will position us to grow—and lead.
We have arrived at the intellectual conviction that we must build a company that leads the industry, not a company that is a fast follower or a low-cost version of somebody else. And creating a leadership company will require more work.
  CSC 2013 ANNUAL REPORT
5

  6
 “We will continue to invest in enterprise offerings, such as robust application management solutions to help our clients transform their businesses to a utility-based model.”
Our industry is undergoing another profound technological shift. First came the mainframe era, which was followed by client-server computing. Now, the industry is changing radically as we deliver data-driven customer experiences on ever more connected devices across a continuum of cloud services. New industry leaders are emerging—and today’s winners may not lead tomorrow.
In our industry, we have operated on the same model for more than 30 years. But that model is fundamentally changing: the industry will no longer revolve around large infrastructure technology outsourcing deals. Leaders will furnish solutions that modernize applications, migrate those applications onto a utility
CSC 2013 ANNUAL REPORT
infrastructure, and provide data to deliver insights. CSC-developed systems
will connect myriad client devices and speed access across multiple enterprise systems. Clients can do their job from anywhere in the world—with a high degree of confidentiality and security.
As we incubate technology solutions in big data, cloud, and cyber security— delivering smarter, more consumer-styled experiences to mobile devices anywhere in the world—we are discovering massive interrelationships among these arenas. These interrelationships are even more important as we focus on our enterprise customer base that, because of regulation and reputation, find secure, big-data clouds a prerequisite to their engagement and growth strategies.
This is our digital future—and it’s a different world and a very different business model.

INDUSTRY LEADERSHIP IS OUR GOAL
REAFFIRMING
OUR VALUES
In this model, there will be new winners, new losers, and some who will be stuck somewhere in the middle. At CSC, we are positioned to win more and lead the industry forward.
Our game plan is straightforward, and we have a winning strategy. We want to lead in the creation of next-generation infrastructure. We will move up the value chain through consulting and application software. We will leverage our partners’ and our own intellectual property, and capitalize on our strength as one of the last independent services companies with global scale and reach. We will continue to invest in enterprise offerings, such as robust application management solutions to help our clients transform their businesses to a utility-based model.
After a difficult FY 2012 and a year of getting “fit,” CSC is beginning to recapture and restore pride in our company. We have done so with a committed, energetic workforce of more than 90,000 employees around the world, connected by a CLEAR set of values.
               CLIENT FOCUSED
Our success
derives from a deep understanding of our clients, to whom all of CSC is committed to deliver exceptional service and value.
LEADERSHIP
We lead from the front, displaying our integrity and using facts to support our straight talk. We create an environment for positive change built on collaboration and trust.
EXECUTION EXCELLENCE
We insist on excellence in all we do for our clients and for ourselves, striving always for recognition among the leaders in our industry.
ASPIRATION
We aspire individually and collectively to be more tomorrow than we are today.
RESULTS
We accept individual responsibility for
our commitments and expect to be held accountable
for results.
Finally, I believe CSC has a bright future because we not only have the right strategy but we also have a talented, motivated and dedicated executive team and a rich and diverse set of customers and partners who want to work with us to innovate and lead the way forward.
In FY 2014, we will continue to take out costs, expand our market coverage, pursue delivery excellence, invest in our people and drive innovation with our clients—all to achieve our goal of becoming a leader in next-generation services and solutions.
But we will have to move fast; the competition is not standing still, and the spoils in the next phase of computing will undoubtedly go to those who innovate, are nimble and flexible and to those who are bold enough to leave legacy models behind. At the end of the day, the IT services industry is a people business, and it will be the skills, commitment and passion of the people of CSC that will make all the difference in the year ahead. I’m betting on CSC to win!
Mike Lawrie
President and Chief Executive Officer
 CSC 2013 ANNUAL REPORT
7
