 To Our Shareholders
CSC’s performance during fiscal 1997 was the best in the company's history, as we continued to expand the breadth and depth of our management consulting and information technology solutions and services worldwide.
We won a record amount of business and made several key acquisitions, adding significantly to the ongoing influx of talent and expertise to CSC. We created two new vertical market organizations, putting us in a leadership role in the financial services industry and the healthcare field. And we posted record financial results.
We announced more than $9 billion in new contract awards, nearly doubling the $5.1 billion for the previous year. The major awards announced during the year just ended include Bath Iron Works, DuPont, ING Financial Services, J.P. Morgan, the U.S. Army Space and Strategic Defense Command and the U.S. Department of Commerce Patent and Trademark Office.
Last August, CSC acquired The Continuum Company, long a leader in the financial services industry, on a pooling of interests basis. By combining its capabilities with CSC's own significant presence in those areas, we became the largest provider of management consulting and information solutions and technology to that rapidly growing marketplace.
 
Earlier in the year, American Practice Management, the largest independent strategic consulting company in North America serving the healthcare industry, joined CSC. Its knowledge of the healthcare industry's needs, together with CSC's related capabilities in management consulting and systems integration, posi- tion us very strongly in this dynamic area.
Other important acquisitions in fiscal 1997 include Planmetrics, a strategic consultancy serving the energy industry; Pinnacle Group, a leading provider of enterprise-wide software and solutions; and DataCentralen, the largest information solutions and technology provider in Denmark, giving us a major presence in Scandinavia.
With the acquisitions of Continuum and American Practice Management, we formed two new organiza- tions, the Financial Services Group and the Healthcare Group. Both groups will provide CSC clients with the full range of management consulting and information solutions and technology. The sheer size of these markets and the information technology and consulting support they will require through the rest of the decade and beyond represent enormous opportunity for CSC.
As the end of the decade approaches, both industry and government are turning to companies like CSC for help with the year 2000 problem facing today's computerized world. Most computer code uses only the last two digits of a calendar year, so many computers will not be able to distinguish between the years 2000 and 1900. Billions of lines of code must be corrected before the year 2000 arrives to avoid chaos in both

 the commercial world and in government. CSC is in a position to help. We have developed a methodol- ogy that effectively addresses the problem, and already are assisting many of our clients.
Turning to CSC's financial results for the year, both revenues and earnings set records. Revenues rose 18.5 percent, from $4.74 billion to $5.62 billion. Earnings were $227.7 million, prior to a special after-tax, acquisition-related charge of $35.3 million. This represents a 33 percent increase over the $171.2 million comparably stated for the previous year. Earnings per share were $2.46, compared with $1.43 (or $2.91, versus $2.24 before special charges for both years). Our balance sheet is strong, with $1.7 billion in shareholders’ equity, and we are well positioned to fund future growth.
Finally, CSC's prospects are the best they have ever been. Our markets are robust, our offerings to those markets are world class, and the employees who deliver those offerings are the best in the industry. From strategic management consulting to all-encompassing information technology partnerships, we offer our clients the solutions they need, solutions that enable them to compete and win in the markets of today and tomorrow.
Van B. Honeycutt
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer June 20, 1997
 