                 DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS
The theme of this year’s annual report, “Bold Moves, Big Future,” could also ac- curately describe Chesapeake’s history. When Tom Ward and I co-founded the company in May 1989, we had a bold idea — to take advan- tage of the new technology of horizontal drilling and apply that technology to fractured carbon- ate reservoirs, a type of reservoir that today, along with other tight rock formations, is called unconventional. We followed with the equally bold idea that land acquisition skills could even- tually become a key competitive advantage in an industry traditionally dominated by the geologi- cal and engineering disciplines.
Since its founding 23 years ago on these two bold ideas, Chesapeake’s innovative business strategy and successful growth have been defined by other bold moves, based on certain keen in- sights, that have helped create a big future for our company.
BOLD ACQUISITION GROWTH
In the depths of the oil and gas recession of early 1999, I developed the insight that U.S. natural gas prices would likely move significantly and struc- turally higher as electricity usage was likely to
increase at above average rates (because of the growth of the Internet and the increasing size of the average American home, among other fac- tors). I realized a multitude of new natural gas- fired power generation plants would need to be built to meet this increased demand, but didn’t believe the U.S. natural gas supply could keep up with this increased demand. From 1999 to 2005, that insight led the company to the bold moves of acquiring as many natural gas assets as we could and developing an organization capable of oper- ating a large-scale drilling program.
In the beginning, we pursued this strategy with limited financial resources amid a great deal of industry, research analyst and investor skepticism. Many observers of our company bet that natural gas prices would increase to $3 per thousand cubic feet (mcf) from $1 per mcf before Chesapeake’s stock price would increase to $3 per share from $1 per share. Despite such skepti- cism, we performed our research thoroughly and were convinced the die was cast for U.S. natu- ral gas prices to rise substantially. In fact, that is exactly what they did, increasing from a low of $1.67 per mcf in 1999 to a high of $13.91 per mcf in 2005.
  2011 Financial and Operational Highlights
Average daily liquids production increased 72% from 50,000 bbls in 2010 to 87,000 bbls in 2011
Average daily natural gas production increased 9% from 2.5 bcf in 2010 to 2.8 bcf in 2011
Proved natural gas and oil reserves increased 10% from 17.1 tcfe in 2010 to 18.8 tcfe in 2011
2011 reserve replacement reached 242% at a drilling and completion cost on proved properties of only $1.08 per mcfe(1)
Revenues increased 24% to $11.6 billion Realized hedging gains were $1.6 billion Adjusted ebitda(2) increased 6% to $5.4 billion
Operating cash flow(2) increased 3% to $5.3 billion
Implemented and made significant progress toward the company’s 25/25 Plan that calls for a 25% reduction in long-term debt and a 25% increase in production over the two-year period ending December 31, 2012
Announced discovery of the Utica Shale play in eastern Ohio
Significantly shifted drilling and completion capital to liquids-rich plays
Monetized more than $7.0 billion of proved and unproved properties including the complete exit from the Fayetteville Shale in Arkansas
Made strategic investments in natural gas demand creation initiatives
              4 | LettertoShareholders

                    During that time, we made increasingly bold investments in leasehold, producing properties and drilling, ultimately investing approximately $15 bil- lion in those seven years. Chesapeake’s production grew rapidly, moving the company from a Top 20 U.S. natural gas producer in 1999 to a Top 10 U.S. natural gas producer in 2005. After expressing ini- tial doubts, Chesapeake’s shareholders applauded our moves, and they were rewarded handsomely as our stock price increased from less than $1 per share in 1999 to a high of $40 per share in 2005.
BOLD SHIFT TO SHALE GAS PLAYS
In late 2004, we developed another keen insight and recognized the discovery and development of low-cost, low-risk shale gas could change our industry for decades to come, if not forever. The commercialization of horizontal drilling in the Barnett Shale around Fort Worth, Texas, kicked off a shale gas “Land Rush” by the industry. Ches- apeake made the bold move to secure the stron- gest leasehold position in the core of the play in Tarrant and Johnson counties, despite the chal- lenges of urban drilling in and around Fort Worth.
In 2005, as the Fayetteville Shale in Arkan- sas yielded strong early results, we made the bold move to quickly secure what became the industry’s second-largest position in the Fay- etteville. As most observers and shareholders of Chesapeake know, the company subsequently discovered the Haynesville and Bossier shales in Louisiana in 2007, which, in just four years, have together become the largest gas-producing field in the U.S. at more than 7.1 billion cubic feet (bcf) per day as of December 2011.
Also in 2005, we completed the bold acqui- sition of Columbia Natural Resources, LLC in Appalachia for $3.0 billion (our largest acquisi- tion ever), which became the foundation for our industry-leading position in the Marcellus Shale play. The Marcellus will likely surpass the Haynes- ville/Bossier in the next few years to become the largest natural gas-producing field in the U.S.
From 2005 to 2011, our company’s natural gas production increased by 1.6 bcf per day, or 140%, to 2.8 bcf per day, making Chesapeake the sec- ond-largest producer of U.S. natural gas on a net basis and the largest producer of U.S. natural gas on a gross operated basis with an approximate 9% national market share.
BOLD INVESTMENTS IN TECHNOLOGY
As we built the industry’s largest shale gas re- source base, we transformed Chesapeake from a
Aubrey K. McClendon
Co-Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
fast follower of new plays into the leading inno- vator and discoverer of new U.S. unconventional resource plays. We made significant investments in 3-D seismic, reservoir engineering technology, petrophysical research, and we greatly increased the size and expertise of our technical teams to build the industry’s most sophisticated unconven- tional resource development organization. Specif- ically, we grew our geoscience, engineering and operational professional teams by 165% from 950 professionals in 2005 to more than 2,550 today.
Our teams are aided by the industry’s pre- mier shale core lab at our proprietary Reservoir Technology Center (RTC), which has analyzed more than 50,000 feet of core samples since it was established in 2007, three times as many as the next most active company. The RTC helps us find new plays and perfect existing ones through the skillful analysis of daily production data from the more than 20,000 wells we operate, as well as the daily data gathered from our industry-leading drilling program, which operates more than twice as many rigs as the next most active U.S. driller. Chesapeake’s information flows are second to none in the industry and represent an important and unmatched competitive advantage.
As a result of the significant investments in technology and human resources, Chesapeake
We transformed Chesapeake from a fast follower
of new plays
into the leading innovator and discoverer
of new U.S. unconventional resource plays.
2011AnnualReport | 5

                                 followed its Haynesville/Bossier discovery with the discovery of the Mississippi Lime carbon- ate play in 2007, the Colony Granite Wash tight sand play in 2007, the Tonkawa tight sand play in 2008 and the Utica Shale play in 2010. Having discovered six unconventional plays in the past five years, we can find no other company that has discovered more than two.
BOLD VERTICAL INTEGRATION STRATEGIES
As we grew and delineated our unconventional resource base, we recognized that our reinvest- ment risks had been reduced to minimal levels. We had helped transform the E&P business from a high-risk wildcatting business into a manufac-
turing style business with decades of low-risk drill- ing opportunities in our inventory. So in 2006, we made the bold decision to
of our unconventional resource base. This ability is extremely valuable not only to us, but also to our joint venture (JV) partners who are willing to pay a higher price for leasehold acreage if it can be developed faster. Unlike our competitors, we control our own destiny by providing the critical oilfield services we need to grow our business.
Our general goal is to own or control about two-thirds of the oilfield services and equipment we use. Today, Chesapeake’s oilfield services op- erations include the nation’s fourth-largest drill- ing rig fleet, one of the largest oilfield trucking fleets and what we anticipate will become one of the largest hydraulic fracturing companies in the U.S. Additionally, through our ownership in Chesapeake Midstream Development, L.P. and investment in Chesapeake Midstream Partners, L.P. we own the largest natural gas gathering business in the industry.
BOLD SHIFT FROM NATURAL GAS
TO LIQUIDS
Beginning in 2008, Chesapeake recog- nized the large number of U.S. unconven- tional shale gas discoveries could lead to a glut of natural gas in the U.S., likely re- sulting in lower prices — while the relent- less growth of Asian economies pointed to a very tight worldwide oil market, likely resulting in higher oil prices. We responded with the bold move of begin-
ning to explore for unconventional formations in liquids-prone U.S. basins that could benefit from the transfer of the knowledge and expertise that we had developed discovering and producing shale gas resources in the U.S. We mobilized our technical teams to redirect their efforts from finding more gas shales to finding more liquids- rich plays.
This redirection of focus by our company (and others) in late 2008 closed the shale gas “Land Rush” chapter of our industry’s history that be- gan in 2005. During that time, Chesapeake estab- lished the #2 position in the Barnett and Fayette- ville natural gas shale plays and the #1 position in the Haynesville, Bossier and Marcellus natural gas shale plays. No other company has a #1 or #2 position in more than one of these plays, and we knew this would put Chesapeake in a competi- tively advantaged position for decades to come.
In 2009, we accelerated the next bold move of our company’s history and began aggres- sively acquiring leading positions in almost all of the nation’s big liquids-rich plays, during the
      We mobilized our technical teams to redirect their efforts from finding more gas shales to finding more liquids- rich plays.
expand the vertical integration of our business — just as many manufacturers do — into a broader range of oilfield services and midstream opera- tions to help eliminate bottlenecks and to allow for more rapid development of our upstream as- sets. We knew this decision would not only help protect us from rising oilfield service costs and high midstream costs, but also improve our over- all efficiencies and safety.
This vertical integration strategy has enabled us to create even more value for our sharehold- ers through our unique ability to accelerate de- velopment drilling and advance the present value
6 | LettertoShareholders

                                  We control our own destiny by providing the critical oilfield services we need to grow our business.
 Turning to the right, Raymond Bohnet, Driller, left in photo, and Frank Pacheco, Floorman, crew on Nomac rig #35 in the Mississippi Lime, a liquids-rich play that strad- dles the Oklahoma-Kansas border.
2011AnnualReport | 7

                  unconventional liquids “Land Rush” period in the industry, which we believe will be largely completed by year-end 2012. As a result, we now have the #1 position in the Utica Shale play in Ohio, West Virginia and Pennsylvania; the Mis- sissippi Lime carbonate play in northern Okla- homa and southern Kansas; the Granite Wash, Cleveland and Tonkawa tight sand plays of the Anadarko Basin in western Oklahoma and the Texas Panhandle; and the #2 position in the Eagle Ford Shale play in South Texas and the Niobrara Shale play in the Powder River Basin in Wyoming, as well as a top three position in the various unconventional liquids-rich plays of the Permian and Delaware basins of West Texas and southern New Mexico.
VALUE-CREATING FINANCING STRATEGIES
Because of the technological advances and bold moves discussed above, our investment opportu- nities over the past few years have exceeded our cash flow from operations. We believed the win- dow of opportunity to lock down the industry’s best collection of unconventional natural gas and liquids assets at a very low cost would be short lived. We also knew Chesapeake possessed the
Chesapeake has produced only 2% of the resource base we own.
distinctive ability to identify new play concepts, secure leasehold, accelerate drilling and validate new plays, which would be very valuable to larger industry partners who had not been able to repli- cate our skill sets.
To take advantage of what we had built and what we knew others needed, we created a very successful JV strategy, which has become the preferred template for partnership in the indus- try. Our first JV in the Haynesville Shale in 2008 with Plains Exploration (NYSE:PXP) was the in- dustry’s groundbreaking JV transaction. Many observers and competitors of our company sug- gested that it was likely a one-off deal and un- likely to have much lasting significance for the industry. We thought otherwise, and today our bold strategy has become the industry standard with more than 35 JV transactions valued at more than $36 billion completed in the past four years. Chesapeake has led the industry during this time, closing seven JVs and receiving con- sideration of more than $16 billion, or nearly half of the industry’s total JV transaction value, and recouping 120% of our initial investment while only selling an average of 25% of our initial inter- est in the JV plays.
  8 | LettertoShareholders

To supplement funding of Chesapeake’s rapid growth, we developed a number of value-creating financing strategies specifically tailored to the risk profile of different assets and designed to secure low-cost financing, limit financial leverage and minimize shareholder dilution. We have executed these strategies very successfully, enabling us to secure a much larger and more valuable resource base than we otherwise would have been able to secure using only our cash flow from operations.
BOLD 25/25 PLAN
In early 2011, we outlined our bold 25/25 Plan that was designed to achieve balance sheet met- rics worthy of an investment grade rating and thereby improve the value of our common stock. The plan calls for reducing our long-term debt by 25% and increasing our production by 25% over the two-year period ending De-
cember 2012. Concurrently, we plan to complete a transformational shift to more liquids production, build one of the largest U.S. onshore oilfield services companies and further ex- pand our industry-leading gathering and processing operations.
This is clearly a bold plan that
few energy companies of any size
would have the ability to accomplish,
especially during this challenging period of low natural gas prices. I look forward to writing next year’s letter with this achievement in hand.
BIG FUTURE — CHESAPEAKE HAS CAPTURED THE LARGEST U.S. RESOURCE BASE
I am quite confident that when the history of this era of the oil and gas industry is written, the compa- nies that will have performed the best will be those few bold companies that first recognized how un- conventional resource development in the U.S. would end the first 150 years of industry history and set the course for the next era. I believe this new era will dominate our industry’s future for at least the next 50 years. I further believe Chesapeake is the best-positioned E&P company to benefit from what lies ahead because our assets and human resources are second to none in quality and size.
On Chesapeake’s 15.3 million net acres of lease- hold (by comparison, about the size of West Vir- ginia), we have produced 6.6 trillion cubic feet of natural gas equivalent (tcfe) to date from 22,000 net wells and have another 10.1 tcfe left of proved reserves to produce from these existing wells. We could potentially drill up to another 125,000 net
wells to develop 8.7 tcfe of proved undeveloped reserves and 350 tcfe of unrisked unproved re- sources that underlie our leasehold. In other words, Chesapeake has produced only 2% of the resource base we own. This bodes extremely well for the predictability of our growth and the ultimate value of the company’s assets and stock price. In addi- tion, much of our shale gas leasehold has been initially drilled upon and is now considered “held by production” or “HBP’ed,” which turns it from a temporary asset into a permanent asset. This HBP process is also underway on our liquids-rich lease- hold and should be largely brought to a conclusion within the next three years.
Chesapeake’s total es- timated unrisked unproved resource base of 350 tcfe is by far the largest such
U.S. natural gas
is the most under- valued asset in the world, and it represents a once- in-a-generation investment opportunity.
        resource base in the U.S. Chesapeake’s market valuation today very clearly does not give this un- rivaled resource upside any value. We presume this is because of investors’ overwhelmingly negative view about the near-term future of U.S. natural gas prices. We believe this is a shortsighted approach to determining the value of our company and our unproved resource base. We are determined to unlock this value for our shareholders.
BIG OPPORTUNITY FOR U.S. NATURAL GAS — THE WORLD’S MOST UNDERVALUED ASSET We believe U.S. natural gas is the most under- valued asset in the world, and it represents a once-in-a-generation investment opportunity.
2011AnnualReport | 9

                                 Currently, world oil prices are around $120 per barrel — that is a British Thermal Unit (BTU) equiv- alent of about $20 per mcf. On the other hand, U.S. natural gas prices are now $2 per mcf — that makes natural gas one-tenth the cost of oil, yet natural gas can do for consumers almost every- thing that oil can do and can do it more cleanly. How many times in the past 50 years can you think of a situation where large-scale competing products are so mispriced against each other?
It’s simply a matter of time before the U.S. meaningfully shifts from transportation systems built around consuming high-priced oil to con-
suming low-priced domes- tic natural gas, which is also the cleaner fuel by far. Given the U.S. has been consuming
dirty coal to clean natural gas in electrical power generation, we are working aggressively to help create a natural gas fueling infrastructure across the nation to speed conversion of our transporta- tion system to natural gas. For example, we have committed $160 million to Clean Energy Fuels, Inc. (NYSE:CLNE) and encouraged some of our Asian partners to invest another $240 million to help CLNE expedite the conversion of diesel- and gas- oline-only travel centers to outlets that also pro- vide natural gas refueling options, primarily lique- fied natural gas (LNG). Further, we are investing millions of dollars to provide leading national and regional convenience store and travel center opera- tors with up-front capital to help them add natural gas fueling dispensers to their stores and stations.
We have also committed $155 million to ac- quire a 50% interest in privately held Sundrop Fuels, Inc., which has developed a proprietary process for combining waste biomass and natural gas at high temperatures to create the world’s first truly “green gasoline.” Sundrop’s first plant will break ground in January 2013 in Louisiana, and we expect large-scale pro- duction of this low-cost, environmentally clean, all-American fuel in 2015.
Moreover, we have agreed to strategi- cally invest $10 million alongside 3M Corporation (NYSE:MMM) to revolutionize the design and man- ufacturing of compressed natural gas (CNG) tanks, today the most expensive component of a CNG fueling system. These advanced pressure vessels will ensure significant performance improve- ments leading to lighter-weight designs, longer life and more durability than traditional steel and carbon fiber tanks. Partnering with global manu- facturers such as 3M provides opportunities for mass production and unit cost reduction, both
critical needs for rapid market adoption of CNG. In addition, we have recently agreed to a very significant collaboration with General Elec- tric Company (NYSE:GE) to bring to market CNG In A BoxTM — preassembled kits that will enable corporate and governmental fleet managers and convenience store and travel center operators to more quickly and efficiently add modern natural gas refueling options to their locations through one-stop shopping with GE. We are also working with the DeBartolo Corporation, one of the na- tion’s largest real estate developers, to develop hundreds of CNG stations across the U.S. in the next few years in addition to our partnerships
with existing national retailers.
      Chesapeake
has made bold moves to help increase demand for natural gas in the U.S.
10 | LettertoShareholders
oil products as the foundation of its transporta- tion system for 100 years, it may take a decade to make the transition, despite the remarkable pres- ent price disparity. However, many significant con- sumers of gasoline or diesel in the U.S. are increas- ingly focused on the likelihood of significantly higher oil prices in the future and are beginning to recognize how quickly our transportation system could be converted to natural gas.
BIG NATURAL GAS DEMAND CHANGES
ON THE HORIZON
Over the past three years, Chesapeake has made bold moves to help increase demand for natural gas in the U.S. In addition to encouraging utilities and public utility commissions to make the switch from

                We are also collaborating with GE and Whirl- pool Corporation (NYSE:WHR) on their individual efforts to market a new, lower cost natural gas home refueling appliance (HRA). Approximately 65 million American homes already have natural gas piped to them. Offering an inexpensive HRA option directly to the homeowner or indirectly through a leasing program with their local gas distribution company will be a complete game changer for how Americans fuel their cars and trucks.
As American gasoline and diesel prices now exceed $4 per gallon in many areas, imagine the positive impact on the country’s economy and the budgets of millions of American families if these fuel prices could be lowered by 50 to 75%.
This would be yet another way natural gas could transform the American economy for the better.
Finally, Chesapeake NG Ventures’ engineering department has invented a revolutionary “Diesel Natural Gas” (DNG) kit. We intend to begin sell- ing this kit for approximately $35–40,000 into the diesel engine market later this year, which will enable diesel engines to be converted to a blend of diesel and natural gas, with natural gas constituting up to 70% of the blend. The average large American truck consumes 15–20,000 gal- lons of diesel per year, and with a minimum of $2 per gallon savings from using our device, the payout should occur within one year and provide multiple years of future returns of $30–40,000 in
 COMMITTED TO
AMERICAN ENERGY INDEPENDENCE
The time is now to begin breaking OPEC’s 40-year stranglehold on the U.S. economy and to lower energy costs to American con- sumers. The time is now to enhance national security, stimulate eco- nomic growth, create millions of high-paying jobs and improve the environment. The time is now for America to embrace natural gas as its fuel of the future. Currently priced significantly less than diesel or gasoline, American natural gas produces up to 30% lower greenhouse gas emissions in light-duty vehicles and up to 20% lower emissions in medium- to heavy-duty vehicles. The U.S. is the largest producer of natural gas in the world and we believe it has more recoverable resources of natural gas than Saudi Arabia has oil reserves — we need to take full advantage of this buried American treasure of natural gas. To help accomplish this, Chesapeake has created Chesapeake NG Ventures Corporation to invest at least $1.0 billion in a variety of initiatives designed to increase natural gas demand in the U.S.
CHESAPEAKE INITIATIVES
We are collaborating with GE to develop infrastructure solutions that will help accel- erate the adoption of natural gas as a trans-
portation fuel. GE has committed to provide more than 250 “CNG In A BoxTM” modular and standardized CNG compres- sion stations for natural gas vehicle (NGV) infrastructure which will provide the core infrastructure to enable expanded access to CNG at fueling stations and other designated in- stallations. The collaboration will also focus on modular LNG fueling plants to support expanded use of LNG as a substi- tute for diesel or gasoline.
We are collaborating with 3M in designing, man-
ufacturing and marketing a broad portfolio of larger, lighter and more affordable CNG tanks that we believe will enable greater market adoption of CNG as an alternative automotive fuel source.
We are helping create America’s Natural Gas High- way System through our $160 million partnership with Clean Energy Fuels Corp., which will provide heavy-
duty trucks ready access to natural gas along major interstate high- ways. We believe it will transform the trucking industry by lowering its costs and reducing emissions and will help America achieve inde- pendence from OPEC.
We have committed $155 million to acquire 50% ownership of Sundrop Fuels, Inc. which has devel- oped an affordable natural gas-based green gasoline
that is fully compatible with today’s engines and fueling infrastruc- ture. The result is a shelf-stable, ready-replacement fuel for the costly gasoline and diesel derived from foreign oil.
          Other important ongoing Chesapeake initiatives:
                                                                 
Diesel Natural Gas technology, which permits diesel engines to be retrofitted to run on a blend of natural gas and diesel.
                                                              
a CNG home-refueling appliance, targeting a cost of $1,500, instead of $5,000 today, giving 65 million American homeowners and more than five million commercial facilities the opportunity to take advantage of the current 75% discount to gasoline prices.
                                                                 
Country Stores and OnCue Express to enable more than 35 new CNG stations to be built in Oklahoma and we have committed to invest another $50 million with other convenience store and travel center operators to add CNG refueling pumps to at least 200 existing stations throughout the country.
    2011AnnualReport | 11
  
                                annual fuel cost savings. Such savings make the up-front investment even more attractive. One can only imagine the benefit to America’s con- sumers if the trucking industry makes this transi- tion, as lower fuel costs mean lower costs for all products. Trains, planes and ships won’t be too far behind either.
IMAGINE A STRONGER,
MORE PROSPEROUS AMERICA
Today the market is providing powerful economic signals for the transition to natural gas. As it oc- curs, our nation will become stronger in a number
of ways: we will reduce energy costs, create more jobs, contribute to a cleaner environment, create more wealth with higher incomes and enhanced government revenue streams, and reduce our present foreign oil import bill. Furthermore, we will be able to reposition our foreign policy as we become increasingly independent of OPEC.
Imagine an America with the lowest energy prices in the industrialized world, with millions of new, high-paying blue- and white-collar jobs created as we build a larger infrastructure for oil and natural gas drilling, producing, processing and transportation while also developing a new value-adding natural gas fueling infrastructure. It has been decades since any industry in the U.S. has been able to promise job opportunities of this magnitude to millions of Americans, especially blue-collar workers who have suffered the most during the de-industrialization of America and the globalization of the world’s economy during the past 30 years.
Despite the burdens imposed by increasing federal regulation, the oil and natural gas industry can almost singlehandedly turn the U.S. economy around, and Chesapeake will be at the forefront of this movement. For example, just in the past two years, Chesapeake has directly created more than 2,400 blue-collar jobs and 2,000 white-col- lar jobs and tens of thousands of additional jobs indirectly. As an added benefit, more than 700 of the Chesapeake jobs have been filled by veterans of our military services.
IMAGINE AN AMERICA NO LONGER
RELIANT UPON OPEC
It’s a little known, but frightening, fact that America exports approximately $1 million per minute to oil producers around the globe. Over the course of a decade, that totals $5 trillion — the greatest wealth transfer in the history of the world. It’s completely unsustainable and unnec- essary because there is more natural gas in the U.S. than there is oil in Saudi Arabia. America can either ignore this opportunity and bankrupt itself importing OPEC oil or it can make the bold move to take advantage of the shale gas and unconventional oil resources Chesapeake and a handful of other companies have discovered in the U.S., restoring America’s economy to a growth engine second to none in the world.
Further imagine what it would be like to be able to simply say “no” to OPEC oil or, better yet, “To heck with OPEC!” We’ve not been able to do that since the early 1970s. However, despite the
 CHESAPEAKE
RECOGNITION
                                                                                           
                                                            
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                                                                                 
                                                                              
                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                             
                                                                             
Aubrey McClendon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Jeff Mobley, Senior Vice President – Investor Relations and Research, accepting the Industry Leadership Award and Deal of the Year Award
at the 13th Annual Platts Global Energy Awards Pro- gram in New York.
 12 | LettertoShareholders
 
                                 failure to stem the rising tide of foreign oil imports during the past 40 years, I am confident a con- certed effort to accelerate development of Amer- ica’s shale gas and unconventional oil resources can make our country fully independent of OPEC oil within 10 years. We put a man on the moon in 10 years in the 1960s, so we should certainly be able to use American natural gas and oil to re- place OPEC oil imports within 10 years.
This independence from OPEC would have enormously important psychological and com- petitive benefits for our country, and for the first time in 50 years we would be able to control our energy destiny. Just as our country’s
economy benefited greatly from the
surge in American oil production
from 1920 to 1970 (1.2 million barrels
of oil per day to 9.6 million barrels
of oil per day), America could once
again lead the world in economic
growth if we achieved lower energy
costs and a significant reduction
in our oil import expense — all di-
rectly resulting from technological
advances applied to world-class unconventional reservoirs right here in the U.S.
An added benefit of energy independence would be fewer and less expensive foreign mili- tary entanglements. During the past 10 years we have suffered more than 236,000 casualties and spent more than $3 trillion dollars fighting conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan. It is quite pos- sible these conflicts could have been avoided or minimized if we had not been reliant upon OPEC oil and had our oil imports not indirectly funded terrorism against the U.S. during the past decade.
Developing America’s oil and natural gas re- sources can provide our policymakers with the opportunity to develop a new foreign policy that capitalizes on America’s emerging ability to rely on its own endowment of unconventional re- sources to become energy independent from OPEC. This could very well be one of the most liberating events in our nation’s history. I look forward to celebrating American energy indepen- dence 10 years from now, just in time for the 50th anniversary of the first OPEC oil embargo.
A CLEANER AMERICA, TOO
The development of America’s homegrown en- ergy resources will not only save money, it will improve our environment. Currently, the U.S. is the world’s second-largest emitter of carbon di- oxide and also a Top 10 emitter of particulates,
mercury and other airborne pollutants. Virtually all these pollutants come from burning coal to generate electricity and consuming gasoline and diesel for transportation. Substituting natu- ral gas for coal, gasoline and diesel is the only actionable, affordable and scalable pathway to- ward a cleaner environment.
You don’t read about it very often, but since 1996 nat- ural gas has already replaced approximately 20% of the coal burned in America to make electricity. As a result, U.S. coal
      consumption in 2012 will likely be the lowest in 16 years. Even more important, our air will be cleaner and public health will be better as a result.
Now that we have begun this conversion from coal to natural gas, we should make it a national goal in the next few years to shut down all coal-fired power plants not equipped with state-of-the-art pollution control equipment. Be- cause many coal-fired power plants are too old and inefficient to justify this financial investment, it is quite reasonable to expect that we can re- duce American coal consumption by another 25 to 33% during the next 10 years. Ironically, doing so would reduce American carbon emissions be- low the 2020 level that was sought by President Obama’s 2009 cap-and-trade bill. That conten- tious bill would have been enormously expensive if implemented and today would be unnecessary because of the rapidly increasing market share of natural gas in the power generation market.
Imagine what it would be like to be able to simply say “no” to OPEC oil.
2011AnnualReport | 13

                                         I am very proud of our distinctive, innovative and hardworking company.
Chesapeake takes very seriously its mission of finding and producing clean-burning, domes- tic energy for all Americans while protecting and improving the environment. At the same time, we are facing criticism from a vocal minority of ex- treme “environmentalists” who claim that the de- velopment and production of natural gas is some- how dangerous. I have read many outrageous and factually incorrect statements about natural gas development, especially the completion tech- nique known as hydraulic fracturing, or “fracing,” which has been used successfully and safely by the industry more than 1.2 million times since 1948
(and 45,000 times last year alone) and approximately 13,000 times by Chesa- peake since 1989.
The fact is more than 90% of new American nat-
ural gas wells employ the use of fracture stimula- tion to enhance productivity. The most extreme of the claims against us — that fracing harms humans and livestock, causes cancer, pollutes groundwater and waterways, causes earthquakes, etc. — are absurd and troubling, because they are recklessly reported over and over in the news media. I’m concerned that many people, perhaps solely from sheer repetition, may come to believe the inaccurate and unsubstantiated statements that are in the news media.
I have learned over the years that a number of our most inflexible detractors believe the age of fossil fuels — oil, coal and natural gas, which collectively provide approximately 86% of the
world’s energy at present — should end in the next 10 years, and that everyone will be able to live in some utopian world powered solely by the wind and the sun (and perhaps the moon and stars as well). Increasing consumption of natural gas has luckily disrupted the dangerous fantasy that modern life can co-exist with the elimination of fossil fuels from the world’s economy. Such beliefs ignore the obvious and inconvenient truth that wind and solar power constitute less than 2% of America’s total energy production and pro- duce electricity at a cost two to five times more than natural gas.
Our response has been low key, measured and fact based. We have provided transparency about the products that we use (see www.fracfocus.org), remained dedicated to lowering water consump- tion further (even though the industry accounts for less than 1% of total water consumption in ev-
ery state where we operate), reduced our use of chemicals whenever possible (even though these chemicals are safely used 6,000–15,000 feet below the ground, and most of them can be found in the average American home or backyard) and contin- ued to decrease fugitive gas emissions.
In April 2011, Chesapeake issued an environmental principles statement (see www.chk.com/environment/commitment)
that guides us in all our operations. We are proud of our technological and environmental leadership in the industry and of our industry’s overall track record. We will strive to do even better in the years ahead, but please recognize there will be a number of advocates for competing fuels and ideologies who will continue to denigrate Chesapeake and our industry for reasons related to the shale gas technology that we have successfully employed in the marketplace — a technology that is rapidly im- proving the U.S. economy and improving the lives of millions of Americans through lower home heat- ing bills, lower electricity prices, lower food prices, lower cost of manufactured goods and, someday, sooner than you may believe, lower transportation costs as well.
CONCLUSION
I am very proud of our distinctive, innovative and hardworking company and the many keen insights we have developed that have guided our bold moves over the past 20 years. More im- portant, I am profoundly excited about the big future that lies ahead for Chesapeake, our share- holders and our country.
14 | LettertoShareholders

                                  Our shareholders will benefit from the rebound in natural gas prices that will occur in the next few years as supply growth stalls and demand growth accelerates. They will also benefit from Chesa- peake’s increasing percentage of total production that will come from our liquids-rich plays — think of a factory that is shifting its production lines to- ward liquids-rich widgets that sell for $10–20 per unit (mcfe) compared to the $2 per unit (mcfe) gas widgets that we are producing today. As a result, Chesapeake’s returns on capital and assets should increase dramatically in the years ahead as a conse- quence of the ever-increasing percentage of more valuable widgets we will be selling as the company transitions from an exclusively natural gas-focused company to one that will have achieved significant balance in its production profile.
I am also excited about the big future that lies ahead for America as Chesapeake and other producers help create a clear path toward a more
sustainable, affordable, cleaner and independent energy future. America only needs to embrace the remarkable gift of U.S. unconventional energy abundance it has been given.
You have my commitment, and the commit- ment of Chesapeake’s 12,600 employees, that every day we will keep working hard to create increasing shareholder value and an improving future for our communities, our states and our country through the continued development of American unconventional natural gas and oil.
Best regards,
Aubrey K. McClendon
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 31, 2012
I am profoundly excited about the big future that lies ahead for Chesapeake, our shareholders and our country.
  (1) Reservereplacementiscalculatedbydividingnetreserveadditionsfromallsourcesbyactualproductionforthecorrespondingperiod.Wecalculatedrillingandcompletioncostonprovedpropertiespermcfebydividingtotalproved well cost incurred during the year by the sum of extensions and discoveries and performance-related proved reserve revisions, excluding price-related revisions.
(2) A non-GAAP financial measure, as defined below. Please refer to the Investors section of our website at www.chk.com for reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to comparable financial measures calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
• Adjusted ebitda is net income (loss) before interest expense, income tax expense (benefit), and depreciation, depletion and amortization expense, as adjusted to remove the effects of certain items that management believes affect the comparability of operating results.
• Operating cash flow is cash provided by (used in) operating activities before changes in assets and liabilities.
• Adjusted earnings per fully diluted share is net income (loss) per share available to Chesapeake common stockholders, assuming dilution, as adjusted to remove the effects of certain items that management believes affect the comparability of operating results.
 2011AnnualReport | 15
