                   2
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
“In all my years I have never witnessed employees more engaged and dedicated...their hard work has turned Carlisle into a premiere manufacturing company.”
Knowing this is the last Annual Letter to Share- holders I will write as Carlisle’s CEO, my plan was to write about 2015’s record sales and earn- ings, the acquisition of Fluid Technologies and the progress we made in achieving our strategic goals. As I thought about it, however, I decided that since Chris Koch is writing his first Letter
never witnessed employees more engaged and dedicated to the implementation of a strategy. While there is still work to be done, I am confi- dent everyone will continue to move us forward. Make no mistake, their hard work has turned Carlisle into a premiere manufacturing company. When I walked into Carlisle’s Board Room in
to Shareholders as the CEO, those items should be left to him. It will be important for Chris to put his thumbprint on the Company as he leads it into the future. I am confident he will stick to our core values of ethical treatment of custom- ers, employees and communities, while driving forward to accomplish our strategic goals.
the summer of 2007, I found a Board that was highly ethical, wise in judgment, calculated in questioning and supportive of management.
Carlisle is a great company filled with superb people. In early 2008, when I explained our 5-15- 30-15-15 strategy to our employees and told them that we needed an operating system, they embraced the idea and put their hearts and souls into the implementation of the Carlisle Operating System. In all my years as a manager, I have
2011 2012 2013 2014 2015
2,492
2011
2012 2013 2014 2015
SALES
And even though mandatory retirement age and term limits have caused the Board to self-renew, which I think is healthy, it has remained steadfast in support, sound in counsel and protective of shareholder value. They have been an immense resource to me and the management team.
from Continuing Operations
(in millions of dollars)
3,204 2,851 2,943
3,543
INCOME
from Continuing Operations
229 172
235
320 252
(in millions of dollars)
We have two Board members that have been and will be part of that renewal process in

                            2015 and 2016. First, Steve Munn retired as our Lead Director in 2015. During his tenure, Steve provided me steadfast counsel and imparted wisdom as I was contemplating which direction to take Carlisle. Steve’s historical perspective was extremely valuable. His wit and wisdom will be missed. Next, Robin Callahan. At different times during her tenure, Robin served as Audit Committee Chair, Governance Committee Chair and Lead Director. I have never met a person so direct, yet so respectful. It is a rare combination that I also found extremely valuable. Both Steve’s and Robin’s departure leave a hole in the Board that will be hard to fill.
company’s management team. I consider myself fortunate not to have experienced that situation here and felt lucky to have the investor base that we have.
During the past eight years, I have also worked with shareholders who have embraced the direction we wanted to take the company and were supportive of our actions. Occasionally you pick up a newspaper and read about strained relationships between a few shareholders and a
OUR STRATEGIC GROWTH
191
OPERATING
Cash Flow
(in millions of dollars)
486
415
2011 2012 2013 2014 2015
296
529
It is now time to turn the Company over to the next generation of management. As a share- holder, I am confident that the Board made the right choice when they appointed Chris Koch President and CEO. He has the skills, talent and more importantly, the strategic vision to move our company forward. I will remain as Executive Chairman and be available as a sounding board for Chris while ensuring that we as a Board will do everything to the best of our ability to protect shareholder value while creating future value.
$5b
David A. Roberts
15%
$
30%
Executive Chairman
Carlisle Companies Incorporated
working capital
sales outside U.S.
15%
15%
return on invested capital
operating margins
in sales
3

                    4
2015 SALES
First of all, let me say “thank you” to Dave Roberts for his kind words in his Letter to Shareholders. I know I speak for all of us here at Carlisle when I say that we are grateful for the leadership he has provided since 2007. His candor, high expecta- tions, drive for success, mentorship and humor set a tone for us for almost 10 years. His leader- ship can be seen in our value creation over that same time period. We are pleased to see him continue to be a part of Carlisle in his new role
Our sales growth for the year was led by our latest acquisition and newest division, Carlisle Fluid Technologies (CFT). Adding $203.2 million in sales to our portfolio, we strengthened our commit- ment to technology, products and strong oper- ating results. Carlisle Interconnect Technologies (CIT) grew a remarkable 17.3%, which included a further strengthening of our diversification of this business into the medical market through a full year of LHi sales. Carlisle Construction Materials (CCM) continued with a solid year of 3.5% growth over 2014 as non-residential construction showed solid positive trends and reroofing continued to be a key driver.
$3,543 Million
2015 EARNINGS
As a fitting capstone to his tenure, we as a Company delivered record setting performance again in 2015. Sales of $3.54 billion were a record. Income from continuing operations increased 27.0% setting a record of $319.6 million. Our businesses generated $529.2 million in cash from operations in 2015, another record. We used our cash to maximize value to shareholders by making investments in acquisitions and capital expen- ditures totaling $671.0 million and we returned $209.5 million to shareholders in dividends and share repurchases. We were proud that we were able to increase our quarterly dividend by 20.0%
in 2015, our 39th consecutive year of dividend increases. All of these record-breaking results were accomplished against a backdrop of what is increasingly becoming a more difficult global eco- nomic stage. Our strategy to generate strong cash flow and to maintain a conservative balance sheet continues unabated and we expect to have ample liquidity to make further investments and return capital to shareholders going forward.
Profitability for the year was led by CCM with a record setting 30.6% increase in earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) over 2014. Much of this was driven by a declining cost environment in raw material inputs and management’s commitment to market pricing discipline. Also, CIT continued its strong tradition of EBIT growth delivering a 7.1% EBIT increase over the prior year.
Before Interest & Taxes $558 Million
Construction Materials 56.5% Interconnect Technologies 22.2% Fluid Technologies 5.7%
Brake & Friction 8.7% FoodService Products 6.9%
as Executive Chairman.
Construction Materials 62.9% Interconnect Technologies 25.4% Fluid Technologies 3.7%
Brake & Friction 3.1% FoodService Products 4.9%
Carlisle Brake & Friction’s (CBF) sales continued to reflect the much publicized declines in global commodities and the impact on our customers’ demand for heavy machinery. CBF sales fell 12.7% in 2015. Sales in this segment were also impacted negatively by the considerable decline in foreign exchange rates. Our team at CBF took great mea- sures to ensure we delivered positive earnings and continued to invest in research and development. We plan to continue to pursue opportunities to

          reduce costs in the current demand environment as well as invest in new business initiatives.
through dividends and share repurchases. With our cash on hand, full availability of our $600 million revolving credit facility and access to bank financing and capital markets, we continue to be conservative and disciplined in our approach with ample resources to continue to pursue acqui- sitions, while continuing to provide for capital expenditures, dividends and share repurchases.
Carlisle FoodService Products’ (CFSP) net sales declined slightly by 0.7% during the year and EBIT declined 7.8%. New product introductions and sales initiatives resulted in improved sales in the last half of the year and we expect sales growth and EBIT improvement in 2016.
“Together, with the superb management team and employees we have in place, we will continue to build on the success story that Carlisle established under our previous leaders.”
Our efforts to improve our operating efficiency were rewarded this year with record-setting sav- ings of $40 million being delivered by the Carlisle Operating System. Our lean sigma efforts continue to build momentum and in 2016 we look to build on this past year’s success.
I am humbled and honored to have been named Carlisle’s Chief Executive Officer beginning January 1, 2016. I am thankful to Dave and the entire Board for the trust they have placed in me. I appreciate the opportunity I’ve had to work with Dave these many years and I’m grateful that he and I will continue to work closely together in the coming years. Together, with the superb man- agement team and employees we have in place, we will continue to build on the success story that Carlisle established under our previous leaders.
As mentioned earlier, we greatly enhanced the Carlisle portfolio of companies when, on April 1, 2015, we completed the acquisition of Finishing Brands. We created a fifth segment in the Carlisle portfolio, Carlisle Fluid Technologies (CFT). CFT was a Carlisle company for only nine months
Finally, thank you to our dedicated global team of employees, who come to work every day to find new ways to add value to Carlisle. Once again, they have delivered another record-break- ing year. Because of them we are well-posi- tioned for growth, continued success, and more record-breaking results.
in 2015 and yet contributed $203.2 million in
net sales and $20.8 million in EBIT, net of one- time acquisition costs and related amortization expense of $22.5. CFT is a key growth platform and we expect it to be a long-term contributor to Carlisle’s margin expansion and revenue growth.
Lastly, we continued to strengthen our balance sheet and cash flow. Cash provided by operating activities was $529.2 million, contributing a strong cash balance of $410.7 million after investing in acquisitions and returning value to shareholders
D. Christian Koch
President & Chief Executive Officer Carlisle Companies Incorporated
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
5
