  Dear Shareholders:
2008 was a difficult year as we faced unprecedented raw material cost increases throughout the year and a slowing economy toward the end of the year. Many of the raw materials we purchase are oil-based and with the price of oil increasing almost daily during the summer months, many of our oil-based feed stocks increased 50% to 100%. We also had cost escalations in steel and steel-based products. The inflationary impact on our material costs year-over-year was in excess of $100 mil- lion at Carlisle Construction Materials and Carlisle Tire & Wheel. While we were able to offset some of the raw material cost increases through price increases, in certain instances we were contractually obligated to hold our prices. In addition, many of our markets remained highly price competitive, preventing us from offsetting all of the raw material cost increases. As a result, our operating income suffered. Our operating income from continuing operations for 2008 was $244.9 million, down 12.9% compared to the prior year.
Despite the profit pressure, we generated record level sales in 2008 driven by organic growth in most of our businesses, and growth by way of acquisition in Carlisle FoodService and Carlisle Interconnect Technolo- gies. Our sales from continuing operations for the year were $2.97 bil- lion, an increase of 11.0% over 2007. We had a number of businesses that enjoyed significant sales successes, led by Carlisle Industrial Brake & Friction, where they set both sales and earnings records, Carlisle Tire & Wheel with the sale of agriculture tires, Carlisle FoodService with new janitorial/sanitation products, Carlisle Construction Materials that had very strong results selling thermoplastic membrane (TPO) roofing and insulation products, and Trail King which experienced a strong year in the sale of specialty trailers. We experienced lower demand in our lawn and garden tire business, residential roofing and our core foodservice busi- nesses. These three product lines are closely aligned with residential construction and reflect the continued decline in housing starts in 2008.
Another major hurdle late in the year was the total loss of our Bow- don, Georgia tire and wheel plant to fire. Bowdon supplied agricultural tires and wheels to a variety of customers. Our people did an excellent job reacting to this very difficult situation, and within two weeks were producing tire and wheel assemblies for our agricultural customers in a nearby temporary facility just as our customers were beginning the busy part of their production cycles. The loss of the Bowdon facility is expected to be fully covered by insurance.
Cash management was a point of emphasis the entire year. We were aggressive managing our cash and we exceeded our cash conversion rate goal of 100%. We were able to pay down $173.9 million of debt in the fourth quarter. We also increased our dividend by 7%, making 2008 our 32nd consecutive year of dividend increases.
Underpinning the execution of our Strategic Objectives, which I intro- duced to you in this letter last year, is the worldwide implementation of the Carlisle Operating System (COS). COS, based on lean enterprise
and six sigma principles, systematically drives continuous improve- ment company-wide. The first six months of implementation allowed us to begin streamlining our operations. In fact, COS was the catalyst that drove our decision to consolidate 23 plants and distribution cen- ters into 13 facilities. The steps we took in 2008, while significant, only represent the beginning of this implementation process.
Beyond this significant change to our business culture, the following activity highlights our progress in the execution of our strategic initiatives - Growth, Margin Improvement, Globalization, Cash Management and People:
Carlisle’s growth was strengthened by two acquisitions during 2008. In January, Carlisle FoodService acquired Dinex International, broadening our marketing reach into the non-commercial healthcare foodservice segment. Then in April, Tensolite acquired Carlyle Inc., a leading pro- vider of cabling for the aerospace and defense industries. Following this acquisition, Tensolite and Carlyle were integrated and named Carlisle Interconnect Technologies (CIT). The addition of Carlyle has doubled the size of our wire and cable business and has further bolstered our position as a leading worldwide manufacturer of interconnect products for the aerospace, and test and measurement industries.
Carlisle Construction Materials (CCM), our commercial construction company, continued to strengthen its leadership position in what is now the largest segment of commercial roofing by adding a second thermoplastic membrane (TPO) line in our Tooele, UT facility. TPO has a wide range of applications for commercial buildings and is one example of our ability to capitalize on growth markets through product develop- ment and capital investment.
As our customers demand energy-efficient and environmentally friend- ly products, each of our businesses looks for innovative applications to meet customers’ needs. CCM recently entered into an agreement with Solyndra, Inc. to deliver photovoltaic systems for use on commercial building roofs. This agreement allows CCM to be at the forefront of a practical location of renewable energy - the roof. CCM is also increas- ing the energy efficiency of our roofing products so that buildings will consume less energy. TPO roofs are white in color and have excel- lent reflectivity qualities required in southern climates where “cool- ing days” are the prevalent need. Johnson Truck Bodies introduced the RouteMaxTM line of refrigerated truck bodies which feature environ- mentally clean refrigeration units that concurrently reduce operating and maintenance costs for our customers. Carlisle Industrial Brake & Friction (CIBF) entered the wind energy market with the introduction of emergency and directional control braking systems for wind tur- bines. Trail King has been one of the top suppliers to the wind energy transportation market and continues to innovate by developing new products directed at the transportation of wind generators throughout North America. It now takes an average of eleven trailers to support the installation of one wind generator, and a majority of those trailers
   
 are manufactured by Trail King. In 2009, Trail King will introduce a new line of live-bottom trailers where one of the uses will be transportation of grain to ethanol plants.
Product innovation and development are drivers of growth in our tra- ditional markets as well. For instance, Carlisle Tire & Wheel (CTW) capitalized on the worldwide growth in agricultural markets by intro- ducing 38 new agricultural tire sizes in 2008. New products were also the impetus for profitable growth with a new line of semi-pneumatic tires and wheels for agricultural implements, a line of wheels for the off-road market, and high-performance ATV tires. CIBF capitalized on a growing global agricultural and construction equipment market by designing and supplying braking systems for global manufacturers of tractor and mining equipment.
Margin improvement is one of our most important objectives. Our ability to achieve 15% operating margins will be enhanced with the implemen- tation of COS, which will help us eliminate waste in our production and business processes. COS breeds a culture of continuous improvement, and we will see significant impact from our 2008 and 2009 efforts in 2010 and beyond. COS will drive us to become a leaner, more efficient company, which in turn will make us a stronger global competitor. Our management team’s enthusiasm for COS is spawning change and they have provided superb leadership in the implementation of COS.
Our globalization efforts expanded significantly in 2008. We focused our attention on the Asia Pacific region, establishing our regional head- quarters in Shanghai, China. We appointed an Asia Pacific manage- ment team and hired sales professionals for Carlisle Tire & Wheel, Carlisle FoodService, Carlisle Industrial Brake & Friction and Carlisle Interconnect Technologies. This group knows and understands the markets and culture in the region. Their sales activities are supported by our CTW, CIBF and CIT plants in China. The benefit of these addi- tional management and sales professionals is already being realized as 2008 Asia Pacific sales grew 40% in 2008 over the prior year.
Our efforts were not only focused in Asia. We appointed distributors across the globe for many of our products. For instance, new sales dis- tribution for Trail King was established in Scandinavia and Latin America, Carlisle FoodService added distributors in Europe and South America, and CIT added distributors in Europe. Similar activity will take place throughout 2009 as we drive to generate 30% of our sales from the global marketplace.
We made significant progress during 2008 toward our cash management objective as we exceeded our cash flow conversion goal. We continue to improve cash flow through aggressively managing inventory, mak- ing disciplined capital allocation decisions, improving our receivables collection rate and working closely with vendors to obtain favorable terms. The attention we are devoting to cash management is directed at providing the financial resources to reduce our debt, make strategic acquisitions, repurchase shares and to continue to pay dividends.
People are the heart of this company. The adoption of COS is energiz- ing and engaging our employees more fully and involving them more directly in the challenges and successes of all of our businesses. To en- sure that we have qualified people available to step into critical roles as we grow, we have implemented an Annual Organization Review process which helps identify our high-potential people. Once identified, these
people are given a variety of opportunities and developmental training to prepare them for future assignments. We continue to strengthen our management bench, utilizing the unique backgrounds and expertise of our people. Our management team operates with a mindset that embraces continuous improvement, explores new avenues for growth, ensures leadership in the markets we serve, and fosters an environ- ment of change.
During the year, we made a number of key management changes. Carol Lowe, formerly our Chief Financial Officer, was appointed President of Trail King. Jerry Thomsen, who had been Trail King’s President, was named Executive Vice President, Carlisle Operating System with the responsibility of overseeing COS implementation throughout Carlisle. Steve Ford, our General Counsel, was appointed Chief Financial Officer.
Also important to Carlisle’s ongoing financial success and growth is a highly qualified Board of Directors. We strengthened our Board this year by adding Robert G. Bohn, Chairman and CEO of Oshkosh Corporation, Gregg A. Ostrander, Executive Chairman of Michael Foods, Inc. and Terry D. Growcock, retired Chairman and CEO of The Manitowoc Company, Inc.
At the beginning of 2008, we moved our on-highway braking and power transmission businesses into Discontinued Operations with the intent to sell both businesses. We aggressively marketed both businesses during the year and were close to selling them when the banking crisis hit the world economy, softening the industries’ appetite for acquisi- tions. The change in the banking environment has not deterred our resolve to sell both businesses and our efforts continue. How quickly we are able to sell these businesses is highly dependent upon the capi- tal markets in 2009. During the sale process, we continued to manage these businesses as we did our ongoing operations. Our objective at the start of the year was to generate positive operating cash flow at both businesses in 2008 and we accomplished that goal. We have re- corded an after-tax charge of $89.5 million in 2008 for certain asset impairments related to these two businesses.
We ended 2008 a stronger company and a more formidable global com- petitor. The transformation of Carlisle into a lean enterprise is just beginning. I am confident that we have a solid strategy, a process to move the Company forward and a strong management team and work- force in place to implement the strategy. Because of our people and processes, we will continue to be a financially strong and successful company in 2009 and beyond.
  David A. Roberts Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer
 