To Our Shareowners

Dear Shareowner: In spite of a weak economy Carlisle finished 2002 with a record $1.971 billion in sales, a 190% increase in operating earnings per share and record cash flow of $226 million. Our accomplishments were the direct result of our focus on creating competitive advantage by building value into our products and our company. We have done this in good economies and bad, because of outstanding employees who produce dependable, innovative, low-cost products that are supported by a company-wide culture committed to customer service excellence. Trademark Qualities Carlisle has prevailed in this difficult operating environment as a result of the trademark qualities that have brought success to Carlisle since our beginning: 1) a decentralized operating structure that fosters local ownership of results and puts our entrepreneurial management teams closer to their customers and the markets they serve, 2) a relentless focus on lowering costs and developing new products, 3) a heavy emphasis on continuous year-over-year improvement, and
Page 2

Carlisle finished 2002 with a record $1.971 billion in sales.

4) an aversion to relying on outside forces, such as an improving economy, to generate improved operating results. These trademark qualities are most evident at our oldest divisions, Carlisle SynTec, our commercial roofing business, and Carlisle Tire & Wheel. Carlisle SynTec operated in a very depressed commercial construction market during 2002 and yet achieved record sales and profits. Carlisle Tire & Wheel expanded its low-cost production base in China and Trinidad, introduced over one hundred new tires to the marketplace and built momentum for the future. Our commitment to increasing cash flow from operations has never faltered. Operating cash flow fuels our growth and allows us to take advantage of investment opportunities that meet our stringent criteria. Our conservative cash management philosophy and efficient use of assets have allowed us to increase our investment in research and development, relocate Carlisle Motion Control's friction plant to a fully automated facility in South Hill, Virginia, expand our participation in the commercial roofing insulation business and increase our dividend for the 26th consecutive year. Maintaining a strong focus on generating free cash flow will also allow us to exploit acquisition opportunities that bring value to Carlisle's portfolio. The development of innovative new products, enhanced by our goal of becoming the low-cost producer in our markets, was the key driving force for growth in 2002. Product line enhancements introduced by Carlisle Companies in the past year include: · an adhesive-backed thermoplastic polyolefin (TPO) membrane that is already bringing a significant new low-cost dimension to the commercial roofing industry, · a full line of portable beverage bars, the MaximizerTM, for use in a variety of foodservice environments, offered by Carlisle FoodService, and · the completion of a full line of motor home chassis braking systems from Carlisle Industrial Brake & Friction. Nearly 25% of our 2002 revenues came from new products developed by Carlisle over the last five years.

Acquisitions Though we reviewed dozens of acquisition opportunities in 2002, MiraDri, a leading provider of waterproofing solutions, was the only acquisition that met our standards. The acquisition of MiraDri is an example of how Carlisle creates competitive advantage. A former supplier to Carlisle Coatings and Waterproofing, MiraDri adds several complementary products to our Construction Materials segment and increases our ability to offer full system roofing solutions to the markets that Carlisle SynTec already serves. Governance Practices We have always worked diligently to win and retain our investors' trust. During 2002 we reviewed our governance policies to insure that we are protecting the long-term interests of our shareowners. We want you to know how this company is governed and how we intend to protect shareowners' interests. You will find a summary of these practices on the next page. Looking Ahead Carlisle met the challenges of 2002. The past year was a good test of our operating culture and an opportunity for Carlisle to prove again that we don't just manage businesses . . . we create competitive advantage. Year after year, regardless of economic fluctuations, we have seen that staying committed to our niche-markets and providing high-quality, low-cost products and outstanding service will bring us continued success and provide our shareowners with above average long-term returns. We are looking ahead with renewed financial strength, a more efficient approach to the manufacturing and distribution of our products, and a reinforced commitment to our customers, our employees, and to you, our shareowners. We will continue our proud tradition of building value into our products . . . and our company.

Page 3

Richmond D. McKinnish President and Chief Executive Officer

Our task is not to manage . . . we must create competitive advantage.

Carlisle Tire & Wheel

Carlisle SynTec roof on the Baltimore Aquarium in Baltimore, Maryland

New line of GrainwareTM from Carlisle FoodService

