 Dear Shareholders:
In keeping with tradition, 2007 was another successful year for Carlisle. Revenue grew to a record $2.9 billion, up 12.4% from the previous year, while earnings from continuing operations grew to $213.0 million.
Despite record sales, 2007 was an unusual year as we had a number of our businesses contributing a high level of earnings while a few didn’t fare as well. The market dynamics affecting Motion Control and Johnson Truck Bodies involved the buy-ahead of class 6, 7 and 8 heavy- duty trucks in the two years prior to 2007. This buy-ahead was driven by the newly mandated emission requirements that went into effect in January of 2007 and caused a dramatic reduction in the number of heavy trucks sold during the year. We also saw the impact of the slowdown in residential construction in a few of our businesses. We considered the market conditions and took the necessary steps during the third and fourth quarters to restructure these businesses giving us the best opportunity for a successful 2008.
The restructuring involved a number of facility closings and inventory adjustments. The most significant included the closure of the Fred- ericksburg, Virginia on-highway braking facility, a dramatic reduction of inventory in the on-highway braking business, a write-down of assets at our Cwmbran, Wales off-road braking facility and the closure of the Slinger, Wisconsin wheel manufacturing plant.
During the second half of the year we also focused our attention on cash management. Everyone within the company responded and did a terrific job managing cash. We ended the year with operating cash flow of $259.3 million and an operating cash conversion rate of 120%.
While we were making the tactical changes mentioned earlier, we turned our attention to developing our five-year strategic plan. The strategies we developed focus on five key areas, which will further unlock shareholder value. The five areas include: Globalization, Growth, Margin Expansion, Cash Flow and People.
We believe the initiatives we have implemented around our strategic plan will provide us the momentum to double the size of our business and dramatically improve our profitability over the next decade. Let me briefly explain each element:
Globalization
Globalization efforts will involve the addition of regional sales and marketing resources, particularly in the fastest-growing markets such as China and India. We recently attracted an experienced Asia-Pacific executive to fill the role of Regional President – Asia-Pacific. He has had past success marketing industrial and construction products throughout Asia. He comes to us with multiple years of experience in the region and currently lives in Shanghai, China. We feel there is a tremendous opportunity for our products outside of North America and we are confident that he and his team will broaden our geographic exposure immensely over the next few years. Concurrent with our global sales and marketing initiatives, we will continue to increase the utilization of our Asian manufacturing plants. Over the next few years we will be designing, manufacturing and selling our products regionally. To
accomplish this, we will be adding engineering resources where we get the best return on our investment.
Growth
Carlisle has been successful in the past growing our businesses organically and we will not turn our back on this past success. Our Compounded Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) over the past five years has been in excess of 14% and we expect this success to continue over the next five years. Product development will be at the core of this initiative. Our organic growth will be a direct result of our investment in new product devel- opment bringing our customers quality products along with unmatched service and expertise.
   “...the initiatives we have implemented ...will provide us the momentum to double the size of our business and dramatically improve our profitability over the next decade.”
 P.2 Carlisle 2007 Annual Report

We will also seek out and acquire profitable businesses that complement our current markets. We feel strongly that acquisitions must be a significant contributor to our long-term growth and our focus will be on acquiring businesses worldwide. Carlisle has a history of purchas- ing successful companies and we plan to continue this trend by pursuing companies within our spheres of knowledge. We will be seeking companies that allow us to expand our existing markets and give us an avenue into new markets.
Margin Expansion and Cash Flow
We will continue to unlock value through margin expansion and increased cash flow. Currently our operating cash conversion rate is 120%, up from 73% in 2006. The best way to reach our goal is to improve our manufacturing processes and refine our inventory management techniques. We will be investing in new technologies that will streamline our processes throughout our company. Process improvement and inventory management will be driven by continuous improvement through the utilization of lean manufacturing techniques. Operating under a strategy that emphasizes doing more with less, we will be able to improve our margins by reducing our manufacturing costs and improve our quality by reducing our process times. These lean production practices will help us offset the raw material cost increases that all of our divisions are experiencing.
People
The key to successfully implementing our strategies is people. We will ensure that we have the best and brightest employees to fuel our growth. There is no question that decisions are best made by those that fully understand their markets, their customers and their factories. To ensure that our people are empowered, we manage our businesses with people who have been given the authority and responsibility to make these decisions and then are appropriately compensated and held accountable for the results.
Our five strategic goals – globalization, growth, margin expansion, cash flow and people – will put us on the track to be a highly success- ful, diversified manufacturing company generating returns in the upper quartile of our peer group. To kick-start our strategic plan, we reorganized the company into four operating groups, utilizing existing talent and strengthening it with newfound talent. In addition to hiring Chris Koch as the Regional President of Asia-Pacific, we also added Fred Sutter, a successful operating general manager who also has experience in the Asia-Pacific region. Adding Chris and Fred to an already strong operations management team that includes John Altmeyer, Kevin Forster and Mike Popielec, all supported by Carol Lowe, Steve Ford and Scott Selbach, we are well-positioned to achieve our objectives.
When I came to Carlisle last year, I found a cadre of well-run manufacturing compa- nies. I was attracted to Carlisle because it is a company that has significant brand equity in its respective markets, one that has been successful through solid execution and has a Board of Directors that is supportive of the idea of globalizing the business and grow- ing it through acquisitions, creating shareholder value along the way. To continue this trend, we laid the groundwork for future success with a strong 2007. I would like to thank all of our employees for the continued support and commitment to our company and its vision. We enter 2008 with the confidence in our ability to increase shareholder value.
David A. Roberts
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer
             Carlisle 2007 Annual Report P.3
