                               In 1943 Carlisle purchased a friction manufacturer for off-highway vehicles, which is known today as Carlisle Brake & Friction.
Changing Direction
Throughout the 1950s under Ohrstrom’s leadership, Carlisle transformed from a tire and rubber company into a diversified enterprise focused on a decentralized management model, an entrepreneurial culture, an aggressive M&A strategy, and a conservative capital philosophy. During this decade, Carlisle purchased a developer and manufacturer of insulated wire and cable which is known today as Carlisle Interconnect Technologies.
Going Public
In 1960 Carlisle listed on the New York Stock Exchange with the ticker symbol “CSL”. During this decade, Carlisle developed a synthetic rubber for roofing applications, which would later sell under the brand name Sure-Seal and be the catalyst for a new platform, Carlisle Construction Materials.
Roofing
In the early 1970s, Carlisle eclipsed $100 million of net sales for the first time. In the late 1970s, Carlisle acquired a maker of proprietary molded and vacuum- formed plastics for the commercial foodservice busi- ness, which is known today as Carlisle FoodService Products. By the late 1970s, the roofing business had become the biggest contributor to Carlisle’s earnings.
New Corporate Goals
Carlisle continued to grow and acquire throughout the 1980s. The Board of Directors and Carlisle Executive Leadership redefined Carlisle’s corporate goal for each of its businesses: to achieve the first or second position in every market in which they competed.
They also refocused Carlisle’s strategy to better convey the concept of Carlisle as a company with an increasingly diversified industrial portfolio.
Globalization
During the 1990s Carlisle continued to pursue M&A, leading to the completion of 30 acquisitions. In addi- tion, Carlisle focused on international expansion, establishing Asian and European operations. Net sales eclipsed $1 billion in the mid-1990s.
COS
In 2008 Carlisle launched The Carlisle Operating System (COS), based on Lean and Six Sigma princi- ples, combining people, process, technology and innovation in a collaborative effort to improve operating performance, reduce waste and drive profitability.
In 2015 Carlisle acquired a designer and manufac- turer of a complete range of fluid handling equipment which is now known as Carlisle Fluid Technologies.
Enduring Values
September 2017 marks the 100th year anniversary of Carlisle Companies Incorporated, a time for celebra- tion and reflection on ten decades of unwavering commitment by employees to the lasting values of the company.
Carlisle’s global team of employees will continue to employ the same dedication to values, focus on con- tinuous improvement, and innovative thinking that built this company over the past 100 years. It’s an opportune time to consider what Carlisle can accom- plish in the next 100 years.
  LAUNCHED IN 2008, COS DRIVES CARLISLE’S CORE PHILOSOPHY OF CONTINUOUS IMPROVEMENT
  CARLISLE DEMONSTRATED IMPRESSIVE GROWTH FOR THE FIRST 100 YEARS
3

     Over the past 100 years, Carlisle Companies Incorporated has evolved and expanded into a decentralized, diversified global company with a portfolio of niche manufacturing businesses focused on highly engineered solutions in industrial markets.
Today, we recognize and reflect on ten decades of accomplishments, strong financial performance, unwavering commitment by employees to our cus- tomers, and to a culture of continuous improvement. However, we also remain focused on the future and committed to building an even stronger Carlisle.
By executing on this focus and commitment, we expect Carlisle to continue to deliver exceptional shareholder returns over the next one hundred years.
We believe the philosophies that have guided us for years – a decentralized management model, an entrepreneurial spirit, an aggressive M&A strategy, a conservative capital approach, and a never-ending pursuit of continuous improvement – will enable us to drive forward and continue delivering outstanding results. I encourage you to learn more about our history on the previous two pages of this report.
From celebrating our past to delivering in the present, we are proud to announce record 2016 results.
2016 REVIEW
Thanks to the exceptional efforts of our more than 13,000 employees, 2016 was another record-break- ing year for Carlisle.
n
n
n
n
n
We generated a record $3.7 billion in revenue, a 4% increase over 2015.
We achieved record EBIT margin dollars and per- centage of $583 million and 15.9%, an increase of 16% and 170 bps, respectively, over 2015.
We delivered a record $5.86 EPS.
We generated another strong year providing Free Cash Flow of $422 million.
Expansion of the Carlisle Operating System (COS) continued to deliver excellent results in 2016.
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
In addition to these results, we increased our annual dividend by 18%, marking the 40th consecutive year Carlisle has increased its dividend. Moreover, the Carlisle Board of Directors authorized an additional 4.1 million shares under the share buyback program. We also returned $160 million to shareholders in dividends and share repurchases.
In 2016 we continued to invest in our businesses, deploying nearly $300 million on Capital Expenditures and Acquisitions, including three strategic bolt-on businesses:
n MS Oberflächentechnik AG, a Swiss developer and manufacturer of powder coating systems and related components.
n Micro-Coax, Inc., a leading global supplier of high- performance, high frequency coaxial wire and cable, and cable assemblies for applications in defense and satellite markets based in Pottstown, Pennsylvania.
 4
Back Row:
Kevin Zdimal – Vice President, Business Development Chris Koch – President & Chief Executive Officer
Bob Roche – Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Steve Ford – Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel
Front Row:
Doug Taylor – Vice President, Carlisle Operating System Scott Selbach – Vice President, Corporate Development Amelia Murillo – Vice President, Human Resources

n Star Aviation, Inc., a leading provider of design and engineering services, testing and certification work, and manufactured products based in Mobile, Alabama to support our current initiatives in the very attractive in-flight connectivity sector for aircraft.
In early January 2017 we acquired San Jamar Inc., a coveted brand within the foodservice industry based in Elkhorn, Wisconsin, as a bolt-on to Carlisle FoodService Products.
We remain committed to deploying our capital to sup- port organic growth, make strategic and disciplined acquisitions, and return capital to shareholders in the form of cash and share buybacks.
CREATING VALUE THROUGH THE CARLISLE OPERATING SYSTEM (COS)
A significant contributor to our 2016 record EBIT results was the Carlisle Operating System. Launched in 2008, COS, our continuous improvement initiative based on Lean and Six Sigma principles, combining people, processes, technology and innovation has become a cornerstone of our culture, providing tools and processes to drive improvements across our businesses and leading to exceptional value for both shareholders and customers. The evolution of COS accelerated in 2016 driving a record year of savings across our businesses.
BUILDING ON OUR CORE PHILOSOPHIES
Created and refined over the past century, Carlisle’s primary goal of delivering superior returns to share
holders drives our relentless pursuit of excellence. We believe four core philosophies enable Carlisle to continue delivering excellent results:
Decentralization:
Carlisle believes that the best ideas in a truly contin- uous improvement culture come from the people doing the work every day, resulting in a competitive advantage derived from employees driving decisions. Decentralization also yields an efficient corporate structure, minimizing bureaucratic waste.
Diversification:
Carlisle believes that a portfolio of “Characteristically Carlisle” businesses – well-run companies with a strong brand presence and highly engineered products sold into niche markets – drives exceptional share- holder value and creates platforms for significant future growth.
Entrepreneurial Culture:
Carlisle fosters an entrepreneurial culture and believes empowering employees to make decisions is a key element driving innovation, growth and creativity, which in turn drives continuous improvement, and distinguishes us from our peers and competitors.
Continuous Improvement:
The Carlisle Operating System gives us standard tools and processes to drive improvements and reduce waste across our businesses, leading to exceptional value for both customers and shareholders.
THE NEXT 100 YEARS
As we begin our journey into Carlisle’s second cen- tury of operations, our strategy remains consistent: invest in our businesses, pursue value-adding acqui- sitions, and return cash to shareholders.
There is no doubt all Carlisle employees will continue to focus on execution and innovation, transforming ideas into customer solutions and world-class perfor- mance, while delivering exceptional results for our shareholders.
Thank you for the continued trust you place in our team here at Carlisle. Our best days are still ahead.
D. Christian Koch
President & Chief Executive Officer
Carlisle Companies Incorporated
  Back Row:
Trent Freiberg – President, Carlisle FoodService Products Ted Messmer – President, Carlisle Brake & Friction
John Berlin – President, Carlisle Interconnect Technologies
Front Row:
John Altmeyer – President, Carlisle Construction Materials Barry Holt – President, Carlisle Fluid Technologies
5
