TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
Since May 2013, CST Brands Inc. has been on a remarkable journey. We have taken a small division of a large, conservative refining company and turned it into a vibrant retail company. This was no small task. With strategic decisions made to ensure our operations are best in class far into the future, 2015 was a defining year for CST. CST defined itself in three critical ways: First, we rolled out our five-year strategic plan. Over the next five years, we have committed to growth that will increase gross profits from nonfuel sales to over 70% of the company's total gross profit dollars. By lessening our dependence on fuel profits, we reduce the Company's relative exposure to volatile commodity prices. Our strategy to achieve this substantial shift in profitability and overall growth in profitability across the five-year plan is built on three key growth pillars: 1) increasing merchandise sales and margins through expanded in-store offerings, including higher margin food offerings; 2) increasing the larger store portfolio organically through New-toIndustry (NTI) store construction; and 3) growing the larger store portfolio through strategic M&A opportunities. In addition, we will continue to maximize fuel profits through purchasing strength and pricing strategies. Growth has become CST's mantra. Since 2013, the Company has opened over 100 new stores with plans to open up to 60 new stores in 2016. Additionally, last fall, we announced plans to open 300 to 350 NTI stores from 2017 through 2020. NTIs provide the space for superior customer experience, expanded merchandise offering and, perhaps most importantly, high value fresh food programs. Built on sites large enough to also accommodate the Company's high volume fuel business, these stores yield significantly higher gross profits than our legacy stores with a higher percentage coming from non-fuel gross profits. Consistent with our 2020 growth strategy, in the first quarter of 2016, CST acquired the Georgia and Florida-based Flash Foods network, which includes 165 stores, many of them large format stores, and a substantial land bank to build NTIs in the fast growing southeast market. With our strategic ownership in CrossAmerica Partners LP, we also substantially extended our reach in the mid-Atlantic and upper north-west region of the country through the acquisitions of One Stop, Erickson Oil, and Holiday Stationstores in 2015 and earlier this year. Second, in 2015, CST defined itself with the launch of a new brand strategy and promise for its primary retail chain, Corner Store. After two years of deep consumer research, we launched an exciting, vibrant, modern look and service promise: "Simply Fresh. Always Friendly." At the end of the year, four new branded Corner Store Markets debuted featuring the award-winning menu from our Nice N Easy acquisition. Expanded grocery selection was also introduced in over 100 Corner Stores. We released our plan to rebrand all San Antonio and South Texas area Corner Stores by the end of 2016, and to expand the branding to the rest of the network over the next three years. This new brand strategy gives Corner Store locations defining characteristics and name recognition that it lacked following the spinoff from Valero Energy Corporation. Third, CST clarified its culture by promoting its core values: innovation, strategic thinking, entrepreneurial spirit, and servant leadership. Servant leadership was clearly on display at our 10 Corner Store Country Runs: with nearly 40,000 participants, we raised $1.4 million dollars for Big Brothers Big Sisters and other local, employeenominated childrens' charities. In addition, our customers and team members helped raise millions for Children's Miracle Network Hospitals, United Way, and other vital charities in their communities. The continued support of our loyal customers, vendor partners, Board of Directors, over 14,500 dedicated CST employees, and, of course, our stockholders fills me with great pride. 2015 was a defining year, but there is much work still to be done. We know that you, our stockholders, expect even more value in 2016. We have pledged to be great in 2016. I am confident that we will be.

Kimberly S. Lubel
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer CST Brands, Inc.

