 Dear Shareholders: It’s my great pleasure to inform you that 2007 was another outstanding year for CSX. We delivered our best-ever safety and customer service performance, record financial results, and the best operating margin in a decade – all supporting a significant increase in the value of your shares.
In all of these areas, CSX is the fastest improving company in a strong industry. What’s more, we now rank among the industry’s best in safety and service and have created more shareholder value than any other railroad over the past three years.
During that time, our operating income has more than doubled and earnings per share from continuing operations have nearly tripled. As a result, our share price has more than doubled – providing our shareholders with a better return than approximately 90 percent of all S&P 500 companies.
Record Results
In 2007, CSX reported record operating income of approximately $2.3 billion, and near record earnings per share from continuing operations.
We also enjoyed record revenues, which increased five percent from 2006 and exceeded $10 billion for the first time in company history.
In addition, we achieved an operating margin of more than 22 percent for the year, our best in a decade.
Our third straight year of significant financial improvement reflects the truly remarkable efforts of our employees and affirms the strategy that has been implemented by our leadership team.
At the heart of that strategy is our strict adherence to an operating plan that maximizes safety and on-time performance.
In 2007, we achieved a record safety performance, reducing personal injuries and train accidents by 17 percent and 20 percent, respectively. We are now an industry leader in one of America’s safest industries.
At the same time, our railroad employees increased on-time originations to nearly 80 percent. As freight moved more quickly and reliably across our network, our customer satisfaction levels reached all-time highs,
a performance that is among the leading transportation companies.
Growth Opportunities
U.S. freight rail volumes are expected to increase more than 90 percent over the next 30 years, and we are poised to make the most of that opportunity.
Our rail transportation network serves roughly two-thirds of the American population, where three-fourths of all U.S. consumption occurs. And we have the momentum building in our work force to make that network operate more safely and efficiently than ever before.
As our customers have realized the value of our vastly improving service, we have been able to price that service accordingly, even at a time when volumes have softened in the auto and housing-related markets.
We’re also growing in new, emerging and resilient markets – such as ethanol and export coal – and forging partnerships with major trucking companies to move goods by train over the long-haul portion of freight deliveries.
Balanced Capital Deployment
We have been in the rail transportation business for almost two centuries and know firsthand how important it is to invest in our network. That’s an obligation we have to our customers and our investors, particularly at a time when the future of rail transportation is so bright.
In recent years, as better safety and service have led to stronger financial results, we have seen steady improvement in our return on invested capital.

Operating Revenue ($ in millions)
Consolidated Operating Income ($ in millions)
Earnings Per Share* (continuing operations)
Building On Our Momentum
Total Shareholder Return† (three-year)
 $10,030 $2,138 $2,256 $2.82 $2.74 127% $9,566
$1.59
       28% 24%
            $1,550
           $8,618
                         2005 2006 2007 2005 2006 2007 2005 2006 2007 S&P DJTA CSX
As a result, we are investing nearly $5 billion in network enhancements and technology through 2010. These investments are designed to improve asset utilization, train handling and fuel efficiency, which are critical to providing sustainable profits, enhanced customer service and shareholder value.
Beyond the value being created through these investments, our balanced approach to deploying capital is also enabling us to deliver value to shareholders through significant dividend increases and industry-leading share repurchases.
Perhaps the best testament to our balanced approach is the fact that it’s working. We’re improving our business at a faster rate than our peers and providing extraordinary value to you, our shareholders.
Contemporary Solutions
U.S. highways are becoming more crowded, with the maintenance and repair burden growing rapidly. It could easily take decades to turn the situation around, at a cost of hundreds of billions of dollars to taxpayers. On the other hand, the freight rail system, supported almost entirely by private investment, offers a transportation alternative that reduces highway congestion and is better for the environment.
Trains are three to four times more fuel efficient than any ground transportation alternative. And CSX is leading the way to cleaner air through increased fuel efficiency and a reduction in greenhouse gas emissions.
We are aggressively communicating this message to elected representatives and regulators in Washington, D.C. and state capitals, as they wrestle with critical infrastructure and transportation policy. Rail assets are essential to the success of the U.S. economy and environment, and CSX is committed to meeting the country’s vital transportation needs.
That commitment is good news for investors, because those same assets generate substantial value, as we’ve demonstrated in recent years.
All discussion of financial, safety and customer service results in this letter are those of CSX Surface Transportation, the primary businesses of CSX.The exception is earnings per share and share price appreciation which apply to both Surface Transportation and the Company broadly.
On March 17, 2008, we demonstrated further confidence in the future of CSX by providing near- and long-term financial guidance well above Wall Street expectations or prior guidance.
In 2008, we expect to deliver a 24 percent to 31 percent increase in earnings per share from continuing operations over 2007. This guidance reflects the resiliency of the company’s diverse portfolio of business, strong pricing resulting from our team’s customer service improvements, and greater productivity and efficiencies in CSX operations.
With 2007 as the baseline, and with momentum clearly on our side, we are confident that we can achieve compound annual growth in operating income of 13 to 15 percent, as well as 18 to 21 percent compound annual growth in EPS (before the impact on share repurchases). In 2010, we are targeting an operating margin of near 30 percent and free cash flow exceeding
$1 billion before dividends.
Supporting our commitment to deliver substantial value to shareholders, we announced two additional actions in March – a 20 percent increase in the quarterly dividend and the authorization to repurchase $2.4 billion in shares, for a total current share buyback program of $3 billion to be completed by year-end 2009. Prior to the March announcement, CSX had already repurchased approximately $3 billion in shares since 2006. And the dividend increase announced in March represents a near tripling of the quarterly dividend over the prior two years.
Our aggressive guidance and actions to enhance shareholder value are not only indicative of our momentum and confidence, but also of our strong belief that it’s not enough to just participate in the Rail Renaissance. We want to lead it by creating a 21st century freight transportation network that is the best in the industry.
In achieving that excellence, we will deliver superior value to you, our shareholders.
Michael Ward
*Earnings Per Share are from continuing operations and fully diluted.
†Total Shareholder Return includes dividend reinvestment for the three-year period 2005-2007. ©2002 Standard & Poor’s, a division of McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. All rights reserved, www.researchdatagroup.com/S&P.htm.
  