    CSX Executive Team
DEAR SHAREHOLDERS:
                              CSX Executive Team:
Oscar Munoz, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Ellen M. Fitzsimmons, Senior Vice President of Law and Public Affairs, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. Clarence W. Gooden, Executive Vice President of Sales and Marketing and Chief Commercial Officer. Michael J. Ward, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer. David A. Brown, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Lisa A. Mancini, Senior Vice President of Human Resources and Labor Relations.
 
  At the same time, we maintained a healthy balance sheet supported by strong cash flows. This enabled CSX to sustain network investments of $1.6 billion for long-term growth and value creation while delivering dividends to shareholders.
Our 30,000 employees didn’t just let the economy happen “to” us. When the downturn began, we moved quickly to respond. We lowered our cost. We took locomotives and railcars out of service. We ran fewer, longer trains. We reduced our consumption of fuel. We kept customer service levels high.
Many of the operational changes we made are systemic and permanent. As our markets continue to rebound, we will not need to re-introduce resources on a one-for-one basis. In fact, we’ll use our experience – combined with new technology tools – to find new sources of improvement in safety, service and productivity.
We look forward to welcoming back many of our team members who were furloughed during the economic downturn. They are returning to a company that is better prepared to provide great customer service and even more secure jobs over the long term.
As part of our long-term focus, CSX will invest $1.7 billion in our network in 2010. This funding will go to maintain our network, comply with new government requirements, install new technology, purchase railcars and build or expand intermodal terminals.
As the economy improves and the potential for earnings improvement becomes more visible, CSX is also reinforcing its commitment to the balanced deployment of capital through dividends and share repurchases. In the first quarter of 2010, we increased our dividend by nine percent and resumed the repurchase of shares under an existing program.
As the nation becomes more aware of the benefits of freight rail transportation, we have the opportunity to dovetail our investments in the future with those of the states in which we operate.
For example, CSX is joining six states and the District of Columbia in developing the National Gateway. This multi-year infrastructure project will provide higher clearances under bridges and through tunnels for trains to move double-stack containers between the Mid-Atlantic ports and the Midwest. This initiative was recently awarded $98 million in funding through the American Recovery Reinvestment Act in recognition of the positive impact it will have on our nation.
As part of the National Gateway, CSX and its affiliates are in the process of building a new terminal facility in Northwest Ohio. When operational
   
in 2011, it will be one of the most environmentally friendly and technologically advanced freight terminals in the country. That’s real, green, job-producing, rail-based infrastructure for our country, and real growth for CSX.
Public/private partnerships underscore the significant role that railroads will continue to play in our nation’s future. The population will grow. More people will consume more things. Those things will have to be moved in ways that are good for the environment and help relieve highway congestion.
Our role is to seize those opportunities by doing what we do best – providing safe, efficient, and reliable transportation over a critical network that serves two thirds of the nation’s population.
CSX’s dynamic transportation network, operating plan and technology are harmonized to provide train service over the most efficient and cost-effective routes, while making the best use of our assets.
  Operating Revenue ($ in millions)
Consolidated Operating Income ($ in millions)
Earnings
Per Share Dividend Per Share
(continuing operations assuming dilution)
                                                                                                                  We work closely with our customers to understand their requirements, optimize their supply chains and deliver real value. This enables us to price our service to the levels required to invest in America’s capital-intensive rail system while running a safe, profitable business.
That would not have been possible 30 years ago, when freight railroads were strangled by regulation and on the brink of ruin. Since the passage of the Staggers Act in 1980, inflation-adjusted average rail rates have fallen almost 50 percent, accident rates are down some 70 percent, injuries are down more than 80 percent, freight rail traffic has nearly doubled, and railroads have reinvested over $440 billion back into America’s rail system.
  
  In short, today’s freight railroads are a major source of competitive advantage for the United States. For the good of the country and its economy, we must keep it that way and build upon it.
CSX remains highly engaged in Washington to promote a balanced regulatory environment, even as real and proposed mandates are being put in place or considered.
At the same time, we are holding ourselves even more accountable for tackling important issues for our nation, including the environment, traffic congestion and fuel dependency.
In 2009, for example, CSX became the first major transportation provider to voluntarily commit to a significant reduction in CO2 emissions intensity under the Environmental Protection Agency’s Climate Leaders program. The company’s commitment will reduce CO2 emissions by 2.4 million tons – the equivalent of taking 441,000 cars off the road each year. This is achieved primarily through fuel efficiency and other environmental initiatives.
We are aggressively communicating these and other benefits of CSX freight rail through our “How Tomorrow Moves” advertising campaign, which has significantly raised public awareness around the country.
This is a year of opportunity for CSX. It’s what our employees have been working toward, knowing that we have the potential to increase our profitability and investment as carloads return to our more efficient network.
Leaders across our 21,000-mile rail network are increasing their efforts to leverage that momentum and help everyone around them achieve results through clear, consistent communications.
After all, even with our excellent network, disciplined processes and leading- edge technologies, what sets CSX apart is our people.
We don’t plan to miss a beat as the renaissance of our industry regains momentum.
Thank you for your investment in CSX.
Michael J. Ward
                                