 To Our Shareholders
2001 was a year full of significant challenges and dramatic changes. People and businesses the world over faced economic uncertainty beginning in January as the recession hit our businesses very hard. As the recession deepened, uncertainty turned to turbulence and then turmoil in the wake of the terrorist attacks in September. The economies and businesses of the world struggled to overcome the effects of rapidly declining consumer confidence that lasted through the year’s end. The result was some of
the most difficult business conditions our industries and our company have ever seen.
However, throughout the year, the team at Cooper Tire & Rubber Company remained focused on our plans, our strategies and our execution of those strategies within our core areas of business. This focus enabled us to stay on track and make progress toward our goals in spite
of the turbulence around us.
Of critical importance to us in 2001 was the implementation of our global restructuring plan. This plan was developed to reduce our cost structure and rationalize our asset
base and facilities around the world. We have very nearly completed the implementation of the plan, just as we
said we would. We have closed or downsized 19 facilities and have eliminated almost 1,000 positions. The resulting savings are in line with our expectations and will add
to our bottom line in the months and years ahead.
The improved cost structure and streamlined asset base that result from our restructuring will be especially important as the high volume of new automotive business we have recently won starts production in late 2002, 2003 and beyond. It will allow us to maximize capacity utilization, increase operating efficiencies and meet customer expectations, while increasing operating margins.
The difficult economic environment also made cost cutting, lean manufacturing initiatives and tight control of working capital more critical than ever. We continued our relentless pursuit of lean manufacturing initiatives throughout the year with a great deal of success. Through these initiatives
we were able to save more than $80 million through
scrap reduction and improved production processes and techniques. In terms of working capital, we were able
to negotiate extended payment terms with our suppliers on over $500 million dollars of purchases, and since May we were able to reduce our tire inventory. In total, we reduced working capital by $115 million, down to just 9.6 percent of sales. With this additional cash we were able to pay down debt by nearly $86 million and return $30 million
to you, our shareholders, in the form of quarterly dividends.
As we move into 2002, we are optimistic about our opportunities to grow our business and make further progress towards our goals and objectives. Increased focus on customer relationships in 2001 has given us a very strong foundation to build on. Our automotive customers continue to show their confidence in our products and services by awarding us significant new contracts for future business. In total during 2001, we were awarded $180 million in net new automotive business to be phased in over the next 3 to 5 years.
Our tire customers also continued to show their satisfaction as indicated by the results of the annual Tire Review survey. Once again, Cooper received the highest composite score for dealer satisfaction of all major replacement tire brands. Consumers also ranked Cooper tires favorably in the annual J.D. Power survey on replacement light truck tires, voting us in a solid third place for overall consumer satisfaction compared to our peers and competitors. Finally, two
of our largest tire customers gave us a tremendous vote
of confidence by signing extended agreements for continued and strengthened working relationships. TBC signed an agreement that extends our already successful relationship for 10 years. Pep Boys also signed an agreement to extend our relationship and make Cooper the sole supplier of
Pep Boys private brand replacement tires, adding up
to 1.5 million units of incremental tire sales in 2002.
As I said before, 2001 was a year of challenge and change. As a company, Cooper has recognized the importance of adapting to change in order to keep up with the needs and wishes of our customers and to keep pace with changes in the market place. One such change in the market place has been the consolidation of the small independent retail tire dealers and the subsequent reduction in the number of and need for traditional wholesale tire distributors. This change has led to significant growth within the local and regional retailer distribution channel. Historically Cooper has not sold many tires to these retail channels. However, a few years back, we adapted some of our marketing strategies in order to better meet the needs of these important market segments and this year the results have been very exciting. In a period when all
,000
000
,000
500
$3.2
$2,000
1,5000 $12.87 1,000
500
$13.13
Net sales (billion) $3.5
$2.2
Stockholders’ Equity (per share)
          $12.54
                      00
1999 2000 2001 1999 2000 2001
5
2
 
 replacement tire sales were down nearly 10 percent, our sales to regional and local retail customers increased by 30 percent compared to 2000.
In our automotive components business, we have adapted our marketing strategies and our product offering in order to better meet the changing demands of the automotive manufacturers. We have improved our technology
and expanded our products to include highly technical components and systems that our customers now require. The positive results of these changes are demonstrated
in the new business awards that I already mentioned.
It is also evidenced by the increase in the average Cooper product content per vehicle produced. As we increase the content of product we supply on each vehicle, we can be more assured of growing our sales even when the number of vehicles produced may be falling.
In a world of change, three things will always remain
the same at Cooper. The first is our unwavering focus on customer satisfaction. We have a long tradition of industry leading customer service and satisfaction. It is a hallmark of our company as well as a competitive advantage –
the customer is king! The second is our commitment
to increasing the value of our shareholders’ investment.
Of course, these two go hand in hand and we cannot provide value to our shareholders without providing value and satisfaction to our customers.
The third is that we have solid plans and the people in place to execute them. In 2001, we added a leader to our tire team. We named Dick Stephens as President of our Tire Group to replace the retired John Fahl. Dick has a great background with our company and will lead us
through a future that will no doubt be exciting and full of change in the tire business. At Cooper-Standard Automotive we continued to add to our stable of talented people by bringing Ed Hasler back to Cooper Tire & Rubber Company as President of our International Division. In the near future we will be adding two new directors to our board to fill the vacancies created by the death of Ron Roudebush
and the departure of Deborah Fretz who is leaving us to concentrate on other business responsibilities.
As far as planning goes, we continue to work our plans very hard. We are now in the “realize” portion of the approach that we outlined in our year 2000 report. We believe all the pieces are in place and that we will be able to serve our purpose, increasing the value of your investment. That value did increase by 54 percent in 2001 and outpaced most of the financial indices. Our goal is to do so again!
Thank you for your support.
  3
Thomas A. Dattilo
Chairman, President and CEO
