 To Our Shareholders
The past year was both challenging and rewarding for CenturyTel. Several key forces continued to transform the communications industry during 2006 – the deployment of Internet Protocol (IP) technologies, new competitors offering a broader array of products and services, and industry consolidation. At CenturyTel, we maintained our focus on creat- ing the right solutions for our customers, making strategic investments in our network assets and providing excellent customer care. This focus enabled us to deliver solid financial results and increase value for our shareholders, even in these challenging times.
In 2007, we will continue to adapt and realign our strategies to ensure success as our industry evolves. We believe the next 18 to 24 months will be a pivotal time for the communications industry and we are taking the necessary steps to remain poised to respond to emerging market and regulatory developments.
We believe the next 18 to 24 months will be a pivotal time for the communications industry and we are taking the necessary steps to remain poised to respond to emerging market and regulatory developments.
a pivotal time in teleCommuniCations
Advanced IP-based technologies have led the transformation of the telecommunications industry. The implementation of these tech- nologies has already created more open net- work architectures and has led to increased competition for traditional voice and data services. Customers in most markets now face many choices in both service providers and service packages. Service packages have grown from a narrow offering of voice communica- tions and related features to a broad array of voice, data and entertainment services.
We believe IP technologies will signifi- cantly mature over the next two years, resulting in increased certainty regarding cost economics and product viability. We expect there will be significant advances in the devel- opment of new IP-based services and wireless broadband technologies such as WiFi and WiMAX, expanding service offering opportuni- ties and the size of our addressable market. Cable television companies should substan- tially complete their VoIP service roll-out, enabling CenturyTel to better evaluate and strengthen our competitive strategies. Finally, we believe there will be solid progress in regulatory policy concerning matters such as
   CenturyTel 2006 Annual Review
 2006 HIGHLIGHTS
We expect there will be significant advances in the development of new IP-based services and wireless broadband technologies such as WiFi and WiMAX, expanding service offering opportu- nities and the size of our addressable market.
793 1,068 956 965 841
02 03 04 05 06
Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities in millions
     
 We added more than 120,000 high-speed Internet customers during 2006 and our high-speed Inter- net penetration reached 22.4 percent at the end of 2006, up from 15.1 percent at year-end 2005.
53 83 143 249 369
02 03 04 05 06
High-speed Internet Customers in thousands
59 63 71 75 79
02 03 04 05 06
Broadband Deployment % of total access lines
           phantom traffic, universal service funding and inter-carrier compensation.
As this unfolds, we anticipate greater clarity into the market dynamics that will drive our operating and investment strategies. We are working today to ensure CenturyTel
is in the best possible strategic position throughout this pivotal time and in the years ahead. We are building a high-quality broad- band network infrastructure, strengthening our customer relationships and maintaining our financial flexibility so we can move quickly and decisively when opportunities arise.
BuildinG a stronG BroadBand position
Our history of strategic and consistent investment in our network infrastructure has resulted in a high-quality, broadband-capable network that positions CenturyTel to meet customer needs today and in the future. We believe broadband will be the key enabler for future growth at CenturyTel and we continue to enhance our broadband capabilities to deliver the home networking, managed net- work services, advanced IP and Ethernet solutions that we anticipate will drive our success. We have developed a well-defined broadband roadmap to guide our decisions
as the industry continues to evolve from a switched, narrow-band platform to an IP- enabled broadband platform.
CenturyTel’s access line density is among the lowest in the industry at approximately 12 lines per square mile; yet, at the end of 2006, we had enabled nearly 79 percent of
our access lines for broadband services. We added more than 120,000 high-speed Internet customers during 2006 and our high-speed Internet penetration reached 22.4 percent at the end of 2006, up from 15.1 percent at year- end 2005.
Our history of strategic and consistent investment in our network infrastructure has resulted in a high-quality, broadband-capable network that positions CenturyTel to meet customer needs today and in the future.
   creating solutions that work 

 To Our Shareholders (continued)
At the end of 2006, CenturyTel’s fiber network covered more than 29,000 route miles. In addition, in December 2006, we announced our intent to acquire Madison River Communications Corp. Its high-quality network provides service to more than 170,000 access lines which are 99 percent broadband-enabled with greater than 30 per- cent high-speed Internet penetration as of year-end 2006. This acquisition also includes access to a 2,400 route-mile fiber network that is complementary to our existing operations. Our fiber network – a very valuable asset – enables us to further develop the broadband services we offer our customers and gives us significant control over our transport costs.
However, CenturyTel does more than simply invest in network infrastructure – we are also working to deliver new services that improve the quality of life and contribute to the economic development of the communi- ties we serve. For example, in Vail, Colorado, we launched a unique mesh-WiFi broadband wireless system in November in partnership with the town. This cutting-edge broadband service offers speeds up to 100 Mbps to cus- tomers in this popular ski destination and confirms our ability to expand our addressable
Our employees are experienced, dedicated and important assets of CenturyTel. They understand our markets and are committed to providing excellent service to our customers with a per- sonal touch.
market through strategic edge-out opportuni- ties. We expect to deploy broadband wire- less service in additional markets in 2007
and beyond.
We also partnered with a development group and the city of Branson, Missouri, to create the first “CenturyTel Smart Park,” which will offer Metro Ethernet services with future plans to provide managed data services to
the 350-acre Branson Commerce Park. We will continue to seek innovative ways to deploy applications and services over our broadband networks and to partner with our communities and others who, like CenturyTel, are investing in the future of small cities and rural America.
strenGtheninG our Customer relationships
Our employees are experienced, dedi- cated and important assets of CenturyTel. They understand our markets and are com- mitted to providing excellent service to our customers with a personal touch. We believe this is a key differentiator for CenturyTel. Over the last several years we have made significant investments in both our back office systems and our employee training. Our goal is to
continuously improve our service to make it easier for every customer to do business with CenturyTel.
Of course, an important part of a strong customer relationship is providing the prod- ucts and services customers want. CenturyTel offers customers the ability to choose bundles of discounted services that best meet their needs with the convenience of one bill. We believe the value of this approach to our cus- tomers is reflected in the fact that approxi- mately 28 percent of our customers were in one of our Simple ChoiceTM bundles at the end of 2006, an increase of over 45 percent from year-end 2005. Providing choice, convenience and value through bundles along with deliver- ing consistent, excellent customer care are key factors in our continuing efforts to build strong, lasting customer relationships.
maintaininG our FinanCial FlexiBility
In 2006, CenturyTel generated nearly $841 million in cash flow from our operations. We maintain a consistent focus on generating strong cash flows as we continually work to align our cost structure with our revenue streams. We also utilize a disciplined capital
   CenturyTel 2006 Annual Review
 386 378 385 415 314
02 03 04 05 06 Capital Expenditures
in millions
3,088 3,479 3,410 3,617 3,191
02 03 04 05 06 Stockholders’ Equity
in millions
30 32 432 583 831
02 03 04 05 06 Cash Returned to Shareholders
Through Common Stock Repurchases and Common Dividends
in millions
               
 GLOSSARY
Advanced IP services – services, such as IP Virtual Private Networks and IP Centrex, built on the basic TCP/IP standard protocol that leverages the ubiquity and scale of IP.
Ethernet services – services provided over local area and wide area networks built upon the IEEE 802.3 standard.
Home networking – the use of a residential local area network to enable the connection and integra- tion of multiple computing, control, monitoring,
and communication devices to distribute content and Internet connectivity throughout one’s home.
Managed services – the provision of third party day-to-day management responsibility of data, network and other communications-related ser- vices for customers with the goal of improving the effectiveness and efficiency of customers’ operations.
Phantom traffic – communications traffic that is unidentifiable, mislabeled or improperly routed over the public switched telephone network.
WiFi – (Wireless Fidelity) the underlying tech- nology of wireless local area networks based on the IEEE 802.11 specifications and developed primarily for portable communications devices.
WiMAX – (Worldwide Interoperability for Microwave Access) a standards-based tech- nology complying with the IEEE 802.16 specifica- tions expected to enable wireless multimedia applications and provide a viable last mile wireless broadband solution.
 We believe CenturyTel is in an excellent financial position – with a strong balance sheet and healthy cash flows – to capitalize on growth opportunities in the next 18 to 24 months.
deployment philosophy that focuses on enhancing our strategic position and providing attractive returns on invested capital. We expect the acquisition of Madison River will be accretive to free cash flow even before anticipated synergies, while only modestly increasing our leverage.
While we continue to seek attractive growth opportunities, we also work to main- tain a strong balance sheet and return cash
to our shareholders. During 2006, CenturyTel invested more than $300 million in network enhancements and returned more than
$830 million to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. We were also able to retire more than $60 million in debt. We believe CenturyTel is in an excellent finan- cial position – with a strong balance sheet and healthy cash flows – to capitalize on growth opportunities in the next 18 to 24 months.
drivinG shareholder returns
Over the past ten years, CenturyTel has delivered a total shareholder return of more than 240 percent, among the highest in our industry over that period of time. During the past three years, we returned more than
$1.8 billion to our shareholders through share
repurchases and dividends and reduced our common shares outstanding by more than 20 percent.
We are clearly committed to using all of our assets to drive long-term shareholder value.
a dynamiC, suCCessFul CommuniCations provider
Our investments in our networks, our financial and operational discipline and our strong focus on our customers have enabled us to successfully navigate the significant transformation in our industry. We have also been blessed with an outstanding group of employees who care about our customers and understand our business.
We believe our Company is well-posi- tioned to capitalize on opportunities as the future of the telecommunications industry becomes more clearly defined. We look for- ward to the opportunities and challenges that lie ahead and appreciate the support of you, our owners.
Glen F. post, iii
Chairman and CEO
   creating solutions that work 
