To Our Shareholders
In 2007, CenturyTel generated record free cash flow while further strengthening our position as the broadband provider of choice in the mid-size cities and towns we serve. We expanded our broadband product and service offerings, delivered a consistently positive experience for our customers, and improved the efficiency and effectiveness of our organization. Through the hard work of our 6,600 CenturyTel employees, we continued our transition from a traditional telephone company into a premier broadband communications provider.
Strengthening our
Broadband Business
We achieved solid operating results in 2007 while continuing to invest in our broadband future. We increased our broadband penetration of enabled lines from approximately 22 percent at year-end 2006 to 31 percent, ending 2007 with 555,000 high-speed Internet customers. We also grew broadband-enabled lines from approximately 79 percent of total access lines at year-end 2006 to nearly
84 percent at year-end 2007. Additionally we responded to our customers’ demand for greater data speeds by increasing available bandwidth in the majority of our customer connections.
We completed the acquisition of Madison River Communications in April
of 2007. This acquisition added approxi- mately 164,000 access lines, virtually all
of which are broadband-enabled. We also gained a 2,400-mile fiber network that complements both our existing local exchange operations, particularly in south- ern Alabama, and our existing regional fiber network. We believe there are attrac- tive growth prospects in the Madison River markets, as well as the opportunity to achieve significant synergies with our current operations. We expect to realize approximately $17 million in annual syner- gies by mid-2008.
Generating Record Free Cash Flows
Our strong operational performance in 2007 drove excellent financial results. We generated record free cash flow and more than $1 billion in net cash from operating activities – a key financial measure for both CenturyTel and the investment community. During the past four years CenturyTel gen- erated more than $3.8 billion in cumulative net cash from operating activities. As a result, we have been able to make signifi- cant network investments and acquire strategic assets while maintaining reason- able leverage and returning significant amounts of cash to our shareholders.
This stable, predictable nature of our cash flows helps us grow our business and drive attractive shareholder returns.
We completed our $1 billion share repurchase program in June of 2007 and subsequently announced a new $750 mil- lion repurchase program. Through year- end 2007 we completed approximately $158.5 million of the $750 million program, and we expect to complete the program
on or before its expiration date of Septem- ber 30, 2009. Over the past four years,
we have returned more than $2.3 billion
to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases.
High-Speed Internet Customers in thousands
600
400
555
03 04 05 06 07
   200
83
369
249
143
  1

2007 RevieW anD ChaiRMan’S MeSSaGe
Our consistently strong financial performance demonstrates our firm commitment to driving shareholder value through investments in our network, systems and employees; through strategic acquisitions and technology investments; as well as through dividends and share repurchase programs.
Keeping Watch on
Market-Driving Forces
We closely monitor evolving customer needs, changing technologies, increasing competitive pressures and industry chal- lenges, all of which are key factors that impact our long-term strategic outlook. Currently, we foresee:
Significant Growth in
Demand for Bandwidth
Customers are growing more sophisticated in their use of broadband capabilities. They are demanding higher quality, instant avail- ability and greater control. We expect emerging media-rich applications, such
as video on demand and video anytime/ anywhere, to drive significant growth in both Internet traffic and bandwidth demand.
Multiple Technologies
and Market Opportunities
We see technological evolution on multiple fronts driving significant opportunities for growth. We believe video-enabling tech- nologies will be increasingly important as
Broadband Deployment
a new generation of Internet-based video
services further integrates personal com-
puters and televisions into one IP-driven
appliance. We expect home networking
to continue to proliferate, driving demand 80 for services and bandwidth.
Wireless services continue to be
in great demand by consumers. At year- 40 end 2007 we had 26 WiFi Hot Spots in
service and expect to build 30 to 35 addi-
tional Hot Spots in the coming year in our
markets across the country. We anticipate
further investments in wireless technolo-
gies that can help us provide a full array
of communications services to our cus-
tomers over time.
% of total access lines 100
63 60
71
20
03 04 05 06 07
75
79 84
      Ongoing Competitive Pressure
Competitive pressure continues for broad- band and voice services. Since year-end 2004, cable modem availability in our wire- line territories has increased from about
49 percent to approximately 60 percent. Availability of voice services from cable operators has grown from approximately two percent at year-end 2004 to more than 40 percent at year-end 2007.
We expect competition for both voice and broadband services to continue to increase. We are preparing for competition by enabling more competitive service offerings, providing more compelling value propositions and delivering excellent customer service. Our efforts are driving positive results. We generally find that after
the expected loss of some customers shortly after the initial roll out of a competi- tor’s service, our customer losses slow significantly, and we begin to see success in our win-back efforts.
Industry Challenges
Given the rapid changes in customer demand, technologies and competition, our industry faces a number of key chal- lenges. Growing revenues and earnings, maintaining market share, balancing invest- ment requirements in different technologies and managing regulatory uncertainty each present a significant challenge for telecom- munications providers. We respond to these uncertainties by focusing on the following areas:
• We expect to drive revenue and earnings growth by offering compelling broadband service bundles to our resi- dential and business customers. We are leveraging our LightCore fiber network to provide differentiated solutions to our wholesale and enterprise customers and lower our internal transport costs. We also continually evaluate strategic opportunities, such as the Madison River acquisition, which provide imme- diate revenue growth and the ability to realize future synergies.
 “We expect emerging media-rich applications, such as video on demand and video anytime/any- where, to drive significant growth in both internet traffic and bandwidth demand.”
2 CentuRytel PerSOnal TOuCh | advanCed COmmunICaTIOnS

 “We see the broadband connection as a key to Centurytel’s future. Broadband will enable the development of new products and services that should allow us to both acquire new and retain existing customers. We will continue investing in our people, our networks and our systems to ensure that we maintain the broadband leadership position in our markets.”
Glen F. Post, iii Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
 
2007 RevieW anD ChaiRMan’S MeSSaGe
Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities in millions
1200
800
400
Over the next several years – as certain regulatory issues are resolved, technologies mature and we gain further clarity on competitive dynamics – we
will be able to more clearly identify those opportunities with the greatest potential for growth. In the meantime, we are focused on positioning CenturyTel to meet our customers’ needs today and in the foreseeable future, while remaining pre- pared to take advantage of high-potential growth opportunities as they arise.
Being the Broadband
Provider of Choice
We see the broadband connection as a key to CenturyTel’s future. Broadband will enable the development of new products and services that should allow us to both acquire new and retain existing customers. We will continue investing in our people, our networks and our systems to ensure that we maintain the broadband leadership position in our markets.
We believe we are well-positioned to succeed in the evolution to a broadband- enabled, IP-driven marketplace. We have high-quality, broadband networks capable of meeting growing bandwidth demand and delivering new broadband services as they emerge. We support each customer experience with quality back-office and customer support systems, as well as the efforts of our dedicated, knowledgeable employees. We have a history of stable cash flows and reasonable levels of lever- age, which gives us the ability to invest in and acquire assets required to meet the needs of our customers. Finally, we believe our history of consistently executing busi- ness plans, adapting to industry changes and driving shareholder value provides
confidence that we will successfully take advantage of the opportunities we expect to see in the coming years.
In 2008, we will continue to focus on our goal to remain the premier broadband communications provider in the small-to- mid-size cities we serve. We’re confident we have the network and technologies, the products and services, and, most importantly, the people and commitment to reach our vision even as market demands, technologies and competitive dynamics continue to change.
Glen F. Post, iii
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
1,069
964 967
1,030
     03 04 05 06 07
• We strive to grow customer loyalty by delivering a consistently positive and convenient service experience. In 2008, we will further leverage our local presence by converting more than sixty customer payment centers to service customer locations and expanding our door-to-door sales efforts in key markets.
• We will continue to balance our investments between our circuit-based and IP-enabled networks. We are providing digital television services in La Crosse, Wisconsin and Columbia, Missouri, monitoring both the econom- ics and technology development for this service. We’re also implementing next-generation optical technology in our core fiber network to support mar- ket-driven, ultra-broadband services.
• We will continue to seek further regula- tory clarity by remaining active in key regulatory and legislative agendas.
We see ourselves as the voice of
rural areas and small cities in ongoing dialogue with Congress, the Federal Communications Commission and others in the regulatory community.
841
  4 CentuRytel PerSOnal TOuCh | advanCed COmmunICaTIOnS
