CenturyTel
To Our Shareholders
Challenging times offer an opportunity for strong and resilient companies to become even stronger. This was
the case for CenturyTel in 2008. We efficiently managed our operations, generated record free cash flow, and maintained a strong balance sheet. As a result, we weathered the credit market crisis of 2008 with liquidity and an investment-grade credit rating. This financial strength also allowed us to take advantage of a major strategic opportu- nity that arose in 2008, our pending acquisition of the Embarq Corporation.
  Page 1

An Opportunity to Accelerate, Diversify and Expand
Size and scale increasingly provide a platform for success in the communications industry, especially among providers serving less populated areas. Rapidly changing technologies, shifting customer demands and regulatory hurdles create an industry environment that favors companies with greater financial resources, high-quality network assets and diversified revenue streams. We believe our proposed merger with EMBARQ will yield significant advantages for the combined company along each of these dimensions.
The combination of CenturyTel and EMBARQ will create a leading communications provider with approximately 7.7 million access lines, more than two million broadband customers and an operating presence in 33 states. As a combined company, we will leverage our strategic assets, diversify revenues across rural and urban markets, and expand our ability to quickly and efficiently deliver a broader range of advanced services to a larger customer base. In addition, we expect to generate significant annual operating efficiencies of approximately $400 million within
the first three years.
Our strong financial position enabled us to structure this merger as a tax-free, stock-for-stock transaction and avoid credit market issues. The all-equity transaction is expected to be accretive to cash flow in the first full year post-closing, enable an approximate 50 percent dividend payout ratio, and provide the combined company with a strong capital structure.
Shareholders of both companies overwhelmingly approved the merger on January 27, 2009, and we are on track to complete it in the second quarter. Regulatory and legal teams from CenturyTel and EMBARQ continue to work to secure the required state and federal approvals, and integration planning is ongoing. We have received final approval of the merger in eight of the 15 states where formal approval is required.
Looking ahead, we believe there are clear and well-defined oppor- tunities to create value as a combined company. For example, we will be able to serve urban markets such as Las Vegas and the greater Orlando area with a differentiated approach that lever- ages our strong and expanding fiber transport network, and, in the future, we expect to introduce broadband technologies such as digital video. We believe the combined company’s expanded network will multiply our growth opportunities and strengthen our competitive position.
Building our Broadband Business
Throughout 2008, CenturyTel’s talented and professional employees maintained a clear focus on providing high-quality, advanced communications services – particularly broadband – to our customers as we strive to be the broadband leader in our markets. During 2008, revenues from high-speed Internet ser- vices grew 26.5 percent over 2007. We added more than 85,000 high-speed Internet customers in 2008, a 15.5 percent increase over the prior year.
We offer a wide range of Internet services, from lower speeds
for value-conscious consumers to speeds as high as 15 Mbps for speed-conscious consumers. As a result, CenturyTel has one of the highest broadband penetration rates among its peers. In fact, our incremental penetration rate has grown faster than our indus- try peers in six of the last eight quarters.
We continue to expand fiber deployment, provide broadband capabilities deeper into our network, and enhance our customers’ experience with increased bandwidth. At year-end 2008, more than 88 percent of our access lines were broadband-enabled,
up from less than 84 percent at year-end 2007. In addition, 57 percent of our broadband-enabled lines were capable of speeds up to 10 Mbps. This is particularly noteworthy given the low population densities of the markets we serve – only 12 households per square mile on average.
To Our Shareholders continued...
   “The combination of CenturyTel and EMBARQ will create a leading communications provider with approximately 7.7 million access lines, more than two million broadband customers and an operating presence in 33 states.”
Page 2

Strengthening Our Broadband Position
700MHz
We successfully acquired 69 licenses in the 700MHz auction at a considerable discount to the average prices paid for spectrum at the auction. These licenses cover 53 percent of our local exchange areas and overlap about 4,500 miles of our core network. These strategic assets give us the option to explore wireless broadband services for our customers.
88%
We continue to invest to shorten loops, expand fiber and deploy broadband capabilities deeper into our network. At year-end 2008, 88 percent of our lines were broadband-enabled, and
57 percent of those lines are capable of speeds up to 10Mbps.
We continually explore new residential broadband services such as television delivered over a fixed broadband con- nection or IPTV. We are successfully delivering IPTV service in La Crosse, Wisconsin, and Columbia, Missouri, and are evaluating further expansion.
The proposed acquisition of EMBARQ will create opportunities to serve additional markets with our differenti- ated approach that includes our core network and expanding regional fiber.
 CenturyTel has one of the highest broadband penetration rates among its peers, and our quarterly incremental penetration rate has exceeded that of our peers in six of the last eight quarters.
Our broadband business services enable data sharing and collaboration for enterprises and small businesses. Our offerings include VoIP solutions, Ethernet services, dedicated Internet access and managed services for enter- prises as well as bundled services for small businesses.
We are currently pursuing a number of technology trials – that leverage the strengths of our ONE network – to explore and define the optimal path for the next generation of broadband service offerings.
Our broadband capabilities are especially noteworthy given the low population density of the small-to- mid-size cities and rural markets we serve.
 Page 3

We continue to roll out advanced communications services to the rural and small-to-mid-size cities we serve. For example, we are delivering new residential broadband services such as digital video, or IPTV, over our combined fiber and copper networks. We have successful IPTV operations in La Crosse, Wisconsin, and Columbia, Missouri, and we are evaluating further expansion of our digital video service. We are also evaluating the viability of offering a basic IPTV service in markets with broadband speeds of approximately 10 Mbps, and expect to conduct a trial of this service in select markets during 2009. In business markets, we continue to expand our Ethernet offerings, dedicated Internet access, and managed services for enterprise customers. We also continue to develop competitive voice and data solutions for our small office/home office customers.
In 2008, we successfully acquired 69 licenses in the 700 MHz auction that cover 53 percent of our local exchange areas and overlap approximately 4,500 miles of our fiber transport net- work. This purchase will allow us the opportunity to provide wireless broadband services to our customers in the future. We continue to evaluate the deployment of broadband wireless data and voice services over this strategic asset utilizing Long-Term Evolution (“LTE”) technology. We also continue to look for opportunities to expand our spectrum position relative to our core wireline footprint both today and after the close of the EMBARQ transaction.
The array of broadband and emerging wideband applications continues to multiply, and includes video, music, social networking and other lifestyle applications, as well as business applications that enable more collaboration and data sharing. Our broadband deployment experience, our “one network” architecture com- prised of approximately 38,000 route-miles of fiber, and potential wireless broadband options allow us to accommodate the growing demand for bandwidth.
Winning and Retaining Customers
In 2008, we intensified our focus on winning and retaining cus- tomers. We are committed to delivering advanced communica- tions services to customers with a personal touch, and we believe it’s that personal touch that sets us apart.
We continue to make investments to strengthen our personal touch with a compelling local market presence. One of these efforts involves upgrading bill payment locations to Customer Experience Centers. These Centers will offer customers the opportunity to experience firsthand the full range of CenturyTel products and services. Trained local service and sales employees will be available to demonstrate services, explain bundle options and answer questions. We also are working to make it easier for customers to do business with CenturyTel by expanding our hours of operation and reducing the time it takes to install new service or repair existing service.
All our personal touch efforts are focused on strengthening our customer relationships. These strong relationships increase the lifetime value of each customer. When many of our customers were squeezed by high gas and food prices in 2008, we worked with them to manage their services to a level they could afford. After the tough times pass, CenturyTel will have even greater opportunity to offer customers advanced services delivered with the same personal touch.
The Financial Strength to Survive and Grow
Our conservative financial philosophy has positioned us well to weather the financial crisis that our economy is experiencing today. We have a track record of effectively managing our costs and ensuring that our operations remain efficient and competi- tive. As a result, our operating margins are solid, and our free cash flows are strong, providing us the flexibility to invest in our business and return cash to our shareholders. In fact, for the
To Our Shareholders continued...
   “I believe we enter 2009 as a stronger and more proficient provider of advanced communications services. Our experienced management team has worked well together for many years, and built a track record of superior shareholder returns. With our planned network investments and increasingly sophisticated marketing and customer care capabili- ties, we look forward to continued industry-leading performance. ”
Page 4

15-year period ending December 31, 2008, CenturyTel delivered total shareholder returns of 183.5 percent, three times higher than the S&P Telecom Index and higher than the S&P 500.
Our strong balance sheet has enabled us to invest strategically and withstand competitive and economic challenges. We main- tain a strong liquidity position, an investment-grade credit rating and a low debt-to-operating cash flow ratio compared to most of our peers.
With no pressing need to access credit markets, we are well posi- tioned to deal with current market conditions. We have minimal 2009 debt maturities of approximately $20 million and reasonable maturities of approximately $520 million in 2010. Additionally, we have arranged all financing necessary to complete the EMBARQ transaction.
In June 2008, CenturyTel’s Board of Directors increased the annual cash dividend to $2.80 per share from $0.27 per share. The increase represents an approximately 50 percent payout
of free cash flow. We also continued to return cash to sharehold- ers through share repurchases under the current $750 million share repurchase program. In 2008, we returned more than
$567 million to shareholders through share repurchases and common dividends.
Concurrent with the announcement of the proposed merger with EMBARQ, we suspended share repurchases under the existing program. Following the anticipated close of the transaction in second quarter 2009, we expect to reconsider our share repur- chase strategy in light of market conditions and other factors at that time.
A Stronger Competitor
I believe we enter 2009 as a stronger and more proficient pro- vider of advanced communications services. Our experienced management team has worked well together for many years,
and built a track record of superior shareholder returns. With our planned network investments and increasingly sophisticated marketing and customer care capabilities, we look forward to continued industry-leading performance.
We expect to apply our proven leadership experience and busi- ness model to the operations of the combined CenturyTel/ EMBARQ company. Upon the successful close of the EMBARQ transaction, we will be a stronger, larger company, dedicated to delivering high-quality communications services to both rural and urban markets throughout the country, creating one of the leading communications companies in the United States.
We are excited about the opportunities we believe the EMBARQ merger will create for our customers, employees, shareholders and the communities we serve. We will work diligently in the years ahead to realize those opportunities, and create a clear industry leader in providing advanced communications services.
Glen F. Post, III
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
  