Opportunity Multiplied
enhancing
• More than 90 percent of access lines are broadband-enabled.
• 50 percent of our broadband-enabled access lines are capable of speeds of 10 Mbps or higher.
• 6.1 million living units have been enabled through our fiber-to-the-node initiative.
• Our high-demand, next-generation
IP services include high-speed Internet, Ethernet, CenturyLinkTM PrismTM TV, MPLS and VoIP.
To Our Stockholders
We have successfully positioned CenturyLink for growth by expanding the scale and scope of our business through recent acquisitions, transforming ourselves into a leading global provider of communications, entertainment and data hosting services. We have enhanced our broadband network capabilities; expanded our CenturyLinkTM PrismTM TV service; invested in our fiber-to-the-tower initiative, which enables us to participate in the growing demand for wireless broadband; and established ourselves as a global leader in managed hosting and cloud computing services. Our products and services are delivering more value than ever to more customers than ever, improving the lives of people across the country and around the world.
In 2011, we completed the Embarq integration and closed the Qwest acquisition, creating the third largest telecommunications company in the country. We also took an important strategic step in our transformation, acquiring Savvis, Inc., a global leader in cloud infrastructure and hosted IT solutions for enterprises. By combining Savvis’ proven solutions with CenturyLink’s extensive network assets, we have created a premier service provider with global scale in the high-growth sector of colocation, managed hosting and cloud services. We ended 2011 with 49 data centers and two million square feet of gross raised floor space. With a superb suite of Savvis products combined with the reliability and security of our network, our customers can harness the latest advances in technology to grow and improve their businesses.
With the Qwest and Savvis acquisitions and the on-plan integration of Embarq, CenturyLink ended 2011 a very different company. In just five years, our annual revenues increased from about $2.45 billion to more than a pro forma $18 billion. Business customers, with their growing need for advanced broadband and data hosting solutions, now represent nearly 60 percent of
our revenues. Our domestic fiber network covers approximately 210,000 route-miles, offering access to numerous new market opportunities, and we now have a global reach to our business. Our local market position, especially in the markets we acquired, continues to improve, thanks
to the proven effectiveness of our local operating model. Most important, we ended 2011 with a strong asset portfolio and the capabilities we need to capitalize on long-term growth opportunities.
Taking advantage of these opportunities requires focused execution, which CenturyLink employees continue to deliver. Our Unifying Principles create a strong foundation for our culture and guide our employees in their interactions with each other and with customers. As a result
of our employees’ hard work and commitment, we have successfully integrated multiple acquisitions while maintaining our culture, customer focus and strategic direction. We thank
our employees, and we are confident their continued focus on serving our customers will enable us to capitalize on the promising opportunities we see in the years ahead.
2011: Transforming our business
Our focus in 2011 remained on our customers and being the premier telecommunications service provider in the markets we serve. We made excellent progress last year, while continuing to execute our integration plans and maintain a strong financial position.
In our Regional Markets Group segment, we realized 4.5 percent growth in high-speed Internet subscribers in 2011 over pro forma year-end 2010 and expanded our fiber-to-the-node (FTTN) infrastructure by approximately 1.3 million living units, ending the year with 6.1 million FTTN-enabled living units. We also continued to expand the footprint and subscriber base of our CenturyLinkTM PrismTM TV service, with eight markets in total and the potential to reach more
 4

“With the people, products and capabilities we’ve added through our three recent major acquisitions, we have the right strategies and assets in place to continue transforming our company. Our focus is on four
key growth drivers that we believe offer the most attractive strategic revenueopportunitiesandlong-termadvantageforCenturyLink.”
Glen F. Post, III
Chief Executive Officer and President
than one million households. We ended 2011 with a CenturyLinkTM PrismTM TV penetration rate of nearly 7 percent of homes passed. We also realized strong demand for our Core Connect bundles, which include Internet, e-mail, phone and Web site services for small-to-medium-size businesses and experienced growth in MultiProtocol Label Switching (MPLS) and Ethernet services for large businesses. In early 2012, we integrated services to in-region large business customers and state and local governments into our Regional Markets Group, extending the benefits of our local operating model to these customers.
 In our Business Markets Group segment, we realized double-digit growth in IQ Networking, Ethernet and Voice over IP (VoIP) services and experienced strong demand for strategic services such as MPLS and IP Virtual Private Network. Our Business Markets Group was recognized by ATLANTIC-ACM with “Best-in-Class” Business Services awards, based on customer feedback, in two key areas: ILEC/IXC Billing and ILEC/IXC Enterprise Voice Value. By year-end, we began to build a strong sales funnel of cross-selling opportunities between our Business Markets Group and Savvis. In our Savvis business segment, we achieved double-digit growth in managed hosting and cloud computing services and recorded fourth quarter bookings that were the highest of any quarter in 2011. Also, data center expansions and openings in the second half of 2011 brought our sellable space to 1.3 million square feet at year-end. We expanded our Savvis Symphony suite of cloud computing services to enable enterprise customers to better match their application needs to service levels and cost. Savvis was recognized by Gartner, Inc.,
a leading information technology research and advisory company, as a leader in both the
Magic Quadrant for Public Cloud Infrastructure as a Service and the Magic Quadrant for Managed Hosting. In early 2012, we consolidated national and international Business Markets Group customers, Savvis customers and federal government customers into our new Enterprise Markets Group, enabling us to better leverage our strategic assets and more effectively serve our enterprise customers.
In our Wholesale Markets Group segment, we completed fiber builds to about 5,800 cell
sites, which brought our year-end total to approximately 10,200 sites. We continue to experience strong data transport demand from wireless providers and have secured long-term contracts
for wireless data transport that will support our revenue growth opportunities in 2012 and beyond. Our Wholesale Markets Group was recognized by ATLANTIC-ACM with five “Best-in-Class” awards, based on customer feedback, in their Incumbent Local Exchange Carrier (ILEC) category: Customer Service, Network Performance, Data Value, Provisioning and Sales Representatives.
We made excellent progress in our acquisition integration efforts, achieving more than
$600 million in annualized operating expense run-rate synergies from the combined Embarq
and Qwest transactions. In 2011, we completed the Embarq integration on plan, capturing
$375 million in annual run-rate synergies. We also closed the Qwest transaction, completed the conversion of the Qwest human resource and financial systems and achieved approximately $235 million in annual run-rate synergies by year-end. We remain on plan to capture $575 million in annual run-rate synergies from the Qwest integration over a three- to five-year period after the transaction closing date. Our goal is to achieve combined annual run-rate synergies from the Embarq, Qwest and Savvis acquisitions of more than $1 billion when fully realized in the next two to four years. We also completed the Savvis acquisition and are focused on prioritizing cross-selling opportunities and expanding the Savvis product suite to include standardized network, infrastructure and application solutions for all business customers.
expanding
• Our CenturyLinkTM PrismTM TV subscriber base reached nearly 70,000 subscribers by year-end.
• Approximately 50 percent of subscribers are new CenturyLink customers.
• We experienced more than a 90 percent broadband pull-through rate with these customers.
 www.centurylink.com
5

Opportunity Multiplied
Building
• We completed fiber builds to about 5,800 cell sites, bringing our year-end total to approximately 10,200 sites.
• Fiber builds lead to long-term contracts
for wireless data transport that will support future revenue growth opportunities.
To Our Stockholders continued ...
In total, our 2011 efforts resulted in a six percent increase in strategic revenues on a pro forma basis. Strategic revenues now account for nearly 43 percent of our total revenues, up from
39 percent from pro forma 2010. With continued emphasis on managing costs and achieving targeted synergies, we generated solid free cash flow in 2011 and returned $1.556 billion to our stockholders through dividend payments.
Investing for growth
With the people, products and capabilities we’ve added through our three recent major acquisitions, we have the right strategies and assets in place to continue transforming our company. Our focus is on four key growth drivers that we believe offer the most attractive strategic revenue opportunities and long-term advantage for CenturyLink.
• Broadband expansion and enhancements
We continue to invest in our broadband network – extending our footprint, enhancing speeds and adding advanced features and functionality. More than 90 percent of our access lines are broadband-enabled – 50 percent of which are capable of speeds of 10 Mbps or higher and 20 percent are capable of 20 Mbps or higher. We continue to build fiber deeper into our network. In particular, we expect to enable approximately one million additional living units
in 2012 through our FTTN expansion initiative. Our product offerings include high-demand, next-generation IP services such as high-speed Internet, Ethernet, CenturyLink PrismTM TV, MPLS and VoIP.
• CenturyLink PrismTM TV expansion
We are focused on growing our CenturyLink PrismTM TV subscriber base and pursuing a capital-efficient approach to market expansions. Our PrismTM TV subscriber base grew by approximately 35 percent in fourth quarter 2011, reaching nearly 70,000 subscribers at year-end. Approximately 50 percent of these PrismTM TV customers are new CenturyLink customers, and more than 90 percent of these customers also subscribe to our high-speed Internet service. We expect to launch PrismTM TV in our first legacy Qwest market in 2012.
• Fiber-to-the-tower initiative
Our fiber-to-the-tower (FTTT) investments strengthen our data transport capabilities and enhance our local fiber networks. In addition to providing an avenue to participate in the fast-growing wireless data market, our FTTT initiative opens new broadband opportunities in our markets. We expect to build fiber to another 4,000 to 5,000 tower sites in 2012.
• Managed hosting and cloud services
We believe managed hosting and cloud services offer significant growth potential in 2012
and beyond, and we are committed to investing in this business. We anticipate adding another 100,000 square feet of sellable data center space in 2012. We also are focused on achieving efficiencies across our data center and network infrastructure by rationalizing the combined legacy Qwest and legacy Savvis data center footprints and connecting all centers to our network. We will continue to pursue cross-selling opportunities into our combined enterprise customer base and expect to launch newly developed cloud services for small-to-medium-size businesses this year. We also will evaluate growth opportunities outside the U.S., particularly in the high-growth Asia-Pacific region.
 6

We are optimistic about the growth prospects we see in the years ahead. With our suite of broadband products and strong asset mix, combined with implementation of systems and processes that make it easier for our employees to serve our customers, improve the customer experience and operate more productively and efficiently, we are gaining momentum across our markets.
Evaluating regulatory reforms
grOwing
• We achieved double-digit revenue growth in managed hosting and cloud computing services.
• Data center expansions and openings brought sellable space to 1.3 million square feet at year-end.
• Savvis was recognized by Gartner, Inc. as a leader in both the Magic Quadrant for Public Cloud Infrastructure as a Service and the Magic Quadrant for Managed Hosting.
 In 2011, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) announced comprehensive reforms
of the Universal Service Fund (USF) and Intercarrier Compensation (ICC) system that are designed to promote broadband build-out in rural areas. We welcome the FCC focus on expanding high-speed Internet service to the 18 million Americans currently without access to
a robust wireline broadband connection. The direction of the FCC reforms aligns well with our commitment to serving rural areas, our history of steady investment in broadband infrastructure and our strategic focus on being the broadband provider of choice in the areas we serve. As specific rules are written under the new reforms, we will continue to evaluate the implications for our business, including the economics of bringing broadband services to rural areas identified with the new Connect America Fund.
Maintaining financial strength
Even as we transformed CenturyLink with new capabilities and assets, we maintained our strong financial position. We generated solid free cash flow in 2011 and ended the year with a long-term debt to equity ratio of 1.0. We expect to repay approximately $1.5 billion to $2 billion in gross debt on a pro forma basis over the two-year period ending December 31, 2012. Our solid cash flows and stable balance sheet give us the flexibility to invest in our business, capitalize on opportunities for growth and provide significant quarterly cash dividends to our shareholders. This financial strength has allowed us to deliver shareholder returns that are among the best in the telecommunications industry. Our 10-year total return is 60.16 percent, and our 15-year total return is 295.17 percent.
Looking forward
We operate in an exciting industry – an industry that keeps people informed, entertained and moving forward. At CenturyLink, our products and services improve lives. We work hard every day to help families stay connected, businesses operate efficiently and governments serve their citizens. The benefits of our communications, entertainment and data hosting services are more significant and more widespread than ever before. Our goal is to provide to our customers the products and services they need to communicate better, explore further and achieve what is important to them, whether that customer is the chief information officer of a Fortune 500 company operating in complex global networks or a grade-school student researching a school project on a home computer.
As a leading global telecommunications service provider, we believe the future holds great potential for CenturyLink. We are focused on achieving that potential – both near term and long term – for the benefit of our customers and shareholders. We thank you for the trust and confidence you have shown in our company, and we will work hard in the months and years ahead to earn your continued support.
Glen F. Post, III
Chief Executive Officer and President
 www.centurylink.com
7
