                 To Our Stockholders
 PrismTM TV delivers
PrismTM TV delivers high-quality video content, a broad range of on-demand content and advanced interactive features. We launched PrismTM TV in Las Vegas, Nevada and Fort Myers, Florida in 2010, bringing total markets in service to five, and expect to launch three additional markets in 2011.
Over the past 20 years, the CenturyLink team has developed several clear core competencies that in 2010 combined to deliver excellent financial and operational performance. Our competencies include integration expertise honed through many successful acquisitions, a proven local operating model that fosters customer-driven decision making and a disciplined financial management approach. In 2010, these strengths helped us execute the Embarq integration plan and deliver financial and operational results that exceeded our expectations.
Our core competencies also made it possible for us to announce in April 2010 an agreement to acquire Qwest Communications in a tax-free, stock-for-stock transaction. The Qwest acquisition provides CenturyLink the additional scale and scope we need to compete as a nationwide, industry-leading telecommunications company – the third largest in the country. We expect the transaction to provide significant benefits for customers, shareholders and the communities in which we operate.
2010: Achievements in the marketplace
Even in a very challenging economic environment, we were able to achieve several key milestones in 2010. In particular, we made solid progress toward our goal of being the leading broadband service provider in the markets we serve. In 2010, we added 158,000 high-speed Internet subscribers, an increase of 7.1 percent over 2009. At year end, approximately 92 percent of our access lines were broadband enabled and 65 percent of these were capable of speeds up to 10 Mbps.
Customers have responded positively to our expanding portfolio of broadband services – especially our CenturyLinkTM PrismTM TV service, which we expanded to Fort Myers, Florida and Las Vegas, Nevada in 2010. PrismTM TV delivers high-quality video content,
a broad range of on-demand content and advanced interactive features over our managed two-way IP network. We also had success selling PrismTM TV, typically bundled with voice and data services, into the Multiple Dwelling Unit (MDU) market, which includes condominium and apartment complexes, hotels, homeowners associations, assisted living centers and universities.
In early 2011, we announced an agreement with Verizon Wireless that will enable CenturyLink to offer Verizon Wireless equipment and services to residential and
small business customers, further expanding our portfolio of communications products and services.
In the business and enterprise markets, we acquired new customers and strengthened existing relationships with continued investments in advanced data capabilities, including Ethernet and Multiprotocol Label Switching (MPLS) offerings, which provide seamless, reliable connectivity between people and locations nationwide.
      2 GROWTH + OPPORTUNITY AND SCALE

                 Embarq integration: Progressing to completion
92%
Approximately 92 percent of our access lines are enabled to provide a speed of at least 1.5 Mbps.
10 MBPS
Of the lines that are broadband enabled, 65 percent are capable of speeds up
to 10 Mbps.
COAST to
COAST
Business Solutions
With our national fiber network, we have the ability to provide seamless national service offerings that include voice, Ethernet, MPLS and IP-based applications to business customers.
+ Wireless
In early 2011,
we announced
an agreement with Verizon Wireless that will enable CenturyLink to offer Verizon Wireless
equipment and services to residential and small business customers, further expanding the portfolio of communica- tions products and services we offer.
In 2010 we continued our integration efforts related to the Embarq acquisition, which closed July 1, 2009, and we are close to completion. We successfully implemented CenturyLink’s proven local operating model in larger urban markets, including Las Vegas, Nevada and Orlando, Florida. Our operating model drives decision making closer to the customer and generates strategies tailored to each market’s demand profile and competitive landscape. We experienced improved access line retention and increased broadband penetration in legacy Embarq markets following the transition to our local operating model.
We have successfully completed the conversion of approximately 75 percent of legacy Embarq customers to CenturyLink’s customer care billing systems, and we expect to complete the remaining Embarq customer records conversion in the third quarter of 2011. Overall, our integration activities are progressing according to plan and we are on track to exceed the targeted $375 million in annual operating expense synergies from the Embarq acquisition.
The positive market and operational trends we experienced in 2010 were largely due
to execution by our employees. Their focus on serving our customers and controlling expenses helped drive our marketplace success and solid financial performance. We generated $3.6 billion in operating cash flow in 2010, excluding nonrecurring items, com- pared with $2.5 billion in 2009, which included six months of Embarq financial results.
Qwest acquisition
CenturyLink has a long history of combining successful marketplace execution with growth through acquisition, through which we have been able to accelerate our development of products and services and produce strong operating results. The acquisition of Qwest offers the greatest scale and scope advantages of any transaction in CenturyLink history. With the close of the Qwest transaction, CenturyLink has a number of opportunities and advantages, including:
• An extensive fiber network covering 190,000 route miles that provides national and local reach and positions CenturyLink as an industry-leading communications provider,
• A large customer base – approximately 5.3 million broadband customers, 1.6 million video customers and 15 million access lines – that enhances our ability to competitively develop and deploy high-bandwidth products and services across our advanced broadband-enabled network,
• An enterprise business focus that offers growth potential from customer demand for high-bandwidth data services, as well as the potential to provide customized solutions such as data hosting, managed services and cloud computing to business, wholesale and government customers, and
• A proven ability to successfully serve residential customers and small- to medium-size businesses, which could translate into market share gains in legacy Qwest markets over time.
                 3

                       CENTURYLINK
QWEST
We expect the Qwest transaction to be free cash flow accretive immediately following the close, and we expect to achieve annual run-rate operating expense synergies of approxi- mately $575 million over a three- to five-year period. Given our history of strong free cash flow generation, we believe we will have the financial flexibility to continue to invest in growth opportunities, effectively manage our leverage and return cash to our shareholders.
Positioning for the Future
With the advent of smartphones and a huge variety of Web-based content and applica- tions, data consumption by consumers and businesses continues to grow dramatically. At CenturyLink, we believe this growing demand for data services will underscore the importance of robust wireline high-bandwidth connections.
We are in the process of transitioning from a Time-Division Multiplexing (TDM) voice- centric network to a converged Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) platform with IP-based applications that meet the growing broadband needs of our residential and business cus- tomers. We continue to deploy fiber deeper into our markets to reach multi-tenant busi- nesses, multi-dwelling residential units and tower sites of the major U.S. wireless service providers. With these fiber investments, we are able to deliver speeds of 1 Gbps and higher and strengthen our wireless backhaul capacity. We have also invested in technolo- gies to increase copper-based broadband speeds to up to 10 Mbps for 65 percent of our broadband-enabled access lines and up to 50 Mbps in select markets.
In addition to improving network speeds and capacity, we are investing in applications that leverage our broadband network. We expect to launch PrismTM TV and extend key services such as Ethernet, MPLS and VoIP into additional markets in 2011. We are developing other advanced applications including converged voice communications, data hosting, business continuity and disaster recovery, managed IP and dedicated IP services. With continued customer-focused investments, we believe we will have a competitive advantage in meeting the growing demand for data services.
The future holds exceptional opportunity for broadband and data service providers, and
we believe CenturyLink has the assets, abilities and experience to take advantage of this opportunity. With the Qwest acquisition, CenturyLink has a network with national breadth and an operating model that cultivates local depth. We have an experienced leadership team with a proven track record of success, and we are maintaining a culture that is guided by our Unifying Principles, which include fairness, honesty and integrity, commitment to excellence, positive attitude, respect, faith and perseverance.
We are in a strong financial position with a sound capital structure and significant free cash flow to sustain our dividend and support strategic investments and acquisitions.
Our achievements in 2010 and prior years demonstrate our ability to execute and compete effectively in diverse markets.
          CenturyLink has a long history of successfully acquiring, integrating and operating complementary assets that position the company to deliver advanced products and services.
10.5% INCREASE
Over the past 15 years, ending December 31, 2010, we have delivered an average annual return to shareholders of 10.5 percent, exceeding both the
S&P 500 and our peer companies.
28YEARS OF EXPERIENCE
Each member of our leadership team has a proven track record of success and an average of 28 years in the communications industry.
         4 GROWTH + OPPORTUNITY AND SCALE

                               ”We are in a strong financial position with a sound capital structure and significant free cash flow
to sustain our dividend and support strategic investments and acquisitions. Our achievements in 2010 and prior years demonstrate our ability
to execute and compete effectively in diverse markets”.
       Over the past 15 years, we have used our assets, abilities and experience to deliver
an average annual return to shareholders of 10.5 percent, exceeding both the S&P 500 and our peer companies. We are focused on continuing to deliver this type of success in the future.
Thank you to our more than 20,000 employees for your hard work and ongoing commit- ment to CenturyLink’s success. I also look forward to welcoming Qwest employees to the CenturyLink family. I am confident that the new CenturyLink team will continue the strong marketplace execution that gives our company an outstanding opportunity to succeed.
Finally, I want to thank you, our customers and shareholders, for your continued trust
in our company. We will continue to work hard to earn your confidence and support, and deliver the performance you have come to expect of CenturyLink.
Glen F. Post, III
Chief Executive Officer and President
Helping the Community
As with our local operating model, our community giving is market driven. In cities and towns across the country, CenturyLink and its employees volunteer time and resources to help those in need and enhance the quality of life.
       5
