                                                                  To Our Stockholders:
2006 WAS A STRONG YEAR FOR COGNIZANT, as we again generated industry-leading growth, driving significant increases in revenue and
net income. Just as important, we demonstrated the ability to scale our operations to support our rapid growth — maintaining our track record of excellence in execution for clients; adding new associates to our base of talented and highly motivated team members; and expanding the breadth and depth of our services, industry expertise and geographic reach.
We are particularly proud to have surpassed the $1 billion milestone in revenue. In fact, our revenue for 2006 was $1.424 billion, a record-setting level and a 61% increase over the $885.8 million achieved for the prior year. In 2006, GAAP net income was $232.8 million, or $1.55 per diluted share, rising from $166.3 million, or $1.13 per diluted share, for 2005.
It is also worth emphasizing that our roster of clients expanded to approximately 400, providing clear evidence of the desire of major global businesses to partner with Cognizant. The Company ended the year with 38,853 employees, an increase of approximately 60% over the prior year, underscoring our stature as an employer of choice in the global IT services industry.
The benefits gained through our long-term strategy of investing in growth can be seen throughout our organization during the past year.
Revenues
(in thousands)
$1,424,267 • $885,830 •
$586,673 • $368,231 •
$229,086 •
02 03 04 05 06
Operating Income
(in thousands)
$258,943 •
$177,616 • $117,620 •
$72,312 • $45,198 •
02 03 04 05 06
Stockholders’ Equity
(in thousands)
$1,073,499 • $714,145 •
$453,529 • $274,070 •
$165,481 •
02 03 04 05 06
Employees
38,853 • 24,342 •
15,327 • 9,241 •
6,168 •
02 03 04 05 06
                      COGNIZANT 2006 ANNUAL REPORT 1

                                        2006 Stockholder Letter
We continued to build and expand market-leading positions in key vertical sectors by deepening our domain expertise.
maintained a leadership position in the pharmaceutical sector and contin- ued our strong performance with healthcare payors seeking to manage the increasing complexities and costs of reimbursement systems. Another key growth segment is the field of communications, information services, media and entertainment, where we have made a concerted effort to build domain knowledge in critical areas, such as rich media distribution and digital asset management. We nearly doubled our revenue in this segment last year, and now serve several of the top companies in publishing, broadcasting and advertising. In retail, manufacturing and
Growth in Vertical Business Segments
We continued to build and expand market-leading positions in key vertical sectors by deepening our domain expertise and further strengthening our range of IT solutions. Our financial services practice experienced 54% revenue growth in 2006, as we introduced new services and thus gained wallet share with clients in banking, insurance, asset and wealth management, and investment banking. Revenue in our healthcare and life sciences group rose 88% over the prior year, as we
logistics, revenue increased 37%, driven by particular strength in our ERP solutions, as many retail, manufacturing and logistics clients were looking to further leverage and transform their ERP backbones to drive ever increasing business value.
Expanding Global Footprint
The fact that we have been a global organization since our inception is one of the key factors in our ability to serve major multi-national clients. Throughout 2006, we continued to build our global delivery capacity. In Europe, where we see exciting long-term opportunities, we have enhanced our infrastructure by establishing regional management teams across the continent, with a mix of tal- ented local employees and seasoned veterans from elsewhere in Cognizant’s network. We also made healthy strides in China in the past year, where our team now serves more than a dozen clients, and we have begun a campus recruiting effort at top-tier Chinese universities to meet our long-term needs and those of our clients.
We have continued to invest significant resources to grow our infrastructure in India and now have facilities in eight cities, most recently Kochi, which opened in the fourth quarter. In a major invest- ment designed to meet our clients’ future needs, we have committed over $200 million to develop and expand state-of-the-art techno-complexes in the cities of Chennai, Coimbatore, Hyderabad, Kolkata and Pune. These new techno-complexes will add more than three million square feet with capacity for up to 30,000 new employees. Additionally, we continue to expand our capacity and capabilities in Bangalore, Kochi and Mumbai.
2 COGNIZANT 2006 ANNUAL REPORT

                                         Enhancing Technology Solutions
During 2006, we continued to stay at the forefront of technology trends, broadening our range of solutions to bolster our ability to add value to our clients’ businesses. One key area of focus
is Service-Oriented Architecture (SOA), which enhances the ability of software and systems to function in a flexible manner, and where we have invested in people, processes and technology to assist clients in adopting SOA frameworks. We have also enriched our services in the area of Business Process Outsourcing (BPO), which helps clients manage end-to-end business processes. And we have continued to build upon our deep capabilities in SAP®, Microsoft and Oracle applica- tions, providing a full range of product development, testing, implementation, maintenance, support and upgrade services.
To expand our IT Infrastructure Services business, we acquired AimNet Solutions, Inc. in September 2006. AimNet has established itself as a trusted partner in managing client infra- structures in such areas as WAN and LAN networks, Security, Internet Packet (IP) Telephony, Server and Application support, and many others. The acquisition is expected to accelerate our growth in this high-potential area, through the addition of AimNet’s world-class Network Operations Center in Massachusetts, the adoption of the company’s proven software platform, and its extremely capable management team.
Capability and Culture
We are proud of our success over the years in attracting the best and brightest to join the Cognizant team. Our ability to compete for highly qualified personnel reflects the strong appeal of our unique culture – a culture that empowers employees to make decisions in the best interests of our clients, values the sharing of knowledge across the organization, rewards performance, and provides ample career development opportunities.
As we continue to grow our business at a rapid pace, we have redoubled our efforts to recruit and retain the talent we will need now and in the future. Last year, we added over 14,500 net employees. In addition to engineers and other technically skilled staff, we added individuals with extensive domain expertise to support our growing vertical practices. We also hired a record number of MBAs from premier business schools in 2006.
To prepare team members for successful careers, we have invested in expanding the educational programs offered by our Cognizant Academy and delivered over 3.5 million hours of training. We have also formed an alliance with a finishing school in India to provide training for students in areas such as teamwork and communications, augmenting their technical skills. It is common practice in India for companies to make job offers to students as they complete the third year
of a four-year academic program. To help these prospective employees make the transition to Cognizant and client work, we offer an on-campus training program during their final year of study.
2006 Awards
The Wall Street Journal names Cognizant as one of the best 5-year stock performers in its “Shareholder Scorecard.”
February
Institutional Investor magazine selects Cognizant as one of the most shareholder-friendly companies in America.
February
BusinessWeek names Cognizant #16 among its annual list of 100 Hot Growth Companies, the fifth year that Cognizant has been included.
June
FORTUNE
Cognizant is named to Fortune’s list of 100 Fastest-Growing Companies for the fourth consecutive year.
September
Standard & Poor’s adds Cognizant to its prestigious S&P 500 Index.
November
BusinessWeek ranks Cognizant #6 in its Tech Top 50 list.
December
               COGNIZANT 2006 ANNUAL REPORT 3

                                        2006 Stockholder Letter
Recognizing Results
Our ability to deliver solutions for our clients – and value for our stockholders – has been recognized by respected independent sources. In late 2006, Cognizant was added to the S&P 500 Index. We are honored to join this prestigious roster of leading publicly- traded companies in the U.S., many of which we count among our clients. The Company also was cited by The Wall Street Journal as one of the Best 5-Year Performers in its February 2006 “Shareholder Scorecard.” Institutional Investor magazine included Cognizant in its listing of the top shareholder-friendly U.S. compa-
Francisco D’Souza
President and
Chief Executive Officer
 nies. We also were named to Fortune
Our ability to deliver magazine’s list of “100 Fastest Growing Companies” for the fourth
solutions for our clients – and value for our stockholders – has been recognized by respected independent sources.
consecutive year, and in the BusinessWeek ranking of “100 Hot Growth Companies.”
These accolades – and our track record of industry-leading growth – would not have been possible without the confidence placed in Cognizant by
our clients, the talent and drive of our employees, and the loyalty of our stockholders. I also wish to thank Lakshmi Narayanan, whom I succeeded as President and CEO on January 1, 2007, for his tireless efforts over the years to build our Company and our leadership team. In his new role as Vice Chairman of our Board, Lakshmi will be an effective advocate for
the Company in industry affairs and education issues. We are grateful for his contributions to our success and for his future guidance.
In 2007, we will continue our efforts to advance the globalization of our business; attract, retain and cultivate talented team members; and invest in the industry expertise, services and solutions that deliver value to our clients. We thank all of you for your support, and look forward to sharing the results of these efforts with you in the future.
Sincerely,
Francisco D’Souza
President and Chief Executive Officer
 4 COGNIZANT 2006 ANNUAL REPORT
