  TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS At Cognizant, we’ve always been great believ- ers in the value of making a good first impression. 1998 was our first year as a public company, and it made an impression that immediately captured the attention of our industry, our existing and prospective customers, and the investment community.
Our financial performance was a big part of the story. From the year ended December 31, 1997 to the year ended December 31, 1998:
• total revenue increased 137 percent to $58.6 million, up from $24.7 million • net income rose sixfold to $6.0 million from $1.0 million
• diluted earnings per share were $0.73 as compared to $0.16
What’s equally remarkable is that while producing these results, we also achieved impressive growth as an organization. During 1998, our Company nearly doubled its client base, ramped up staff from 990 to 1560, substantially improved already high customer satisfaction scores, and more than doubled our sales and account manage- ment organization at four new offices in North America and Europe.
The Company’s growth from 1994 through 1998 is even more impressive. In 1994, our revenue was just $1.7 million. We had 175 employees and just one client. In 1998, our 1560 employees helped the Company to generate $58.6 million in revenue through work with 40 clients.
In December, Cognizant became one of only 18 organizations worldwide to be recog- nized with SEI-CMM Level 4 Certification. SEI-CMM, the capability maturity model developed by the Software Engineering Institute at Carnegie Mellon, is widely regarded as the best way to measure the process maturity of a software organization. Process maturity translates directly into better quality, higher productivity, and strong
  Significant Events in Cognizant Technology Solutions’ History:
Q1 1994
Cognizant established in Madras, India as an in-house technology development facility for The Dun
& Bradstreet Corporation and its operating units.
Q1 1996
Cognizant receives ISO 9001 certification for its India development
centers, demonstrating the strength of its quality processes.
Q3 1996
Cognizant expands development operations in India with the inaugu-
    Q4 1996
The Dun & Bradstreet Corporation completes its trivestiture and
Cognizant begins selling to customers outside of The Dun
& Bradstreet Corporation.
      Q1 1997
Cognizant begins building North American marketing infrastructure
and sales force.
 ration of its facility in Calcutta.
 3
  Who We Are
Shareholders Letter

(Shareholders Letter cont’d)
  Wijeyaraj Mahadeva Chairman and CEO
competitive advantage. According to the Lead Assessor for KPMG, which evaluated our performance, our inclusion in this elite group reflects “the vision and leadership of the senior management team, the professional and technical excellence of the associates, and the solid quality management system that guides the day-to-day work of everyone at CTS.”
How have we accomplished so much? At the core of our success is our ability to build long-term, high-quality partnerships with our customers. We often start with a single project for a new client but
through proactive account management develop long-term customer relationships that evolve over the course of a series of projects. For example, in 1998, more than 80% of our revenue was from existing clients. Almost every company that
has awarded us a Y2K contract has gone on to award additional contracts to our team. And we maintain team continuity as those projects progress because Cognizant is distinguished by one of the lowest employee turnover rates in the industry. Employee retention at Cognizant exceeds 85% — well above the industry norm.
As companies grapple with a growing IT agenda of mission-critical projects that have to be addressed within the confines of a limited budget, Cognizant delivers top-quality solutions whose hallmarks are a high level of cost-effectiveness and a speed to market made possible by our unique on-site/offshore model. We win repeat business not just because we have the expertise our clients need, but also because we offer a strong value proposition.
 Significant Events in 1998:
Q1 1998
Cognizant opens London office and begins building a European
marketing infrastructure and sales force.
Q1 1998
Cognizant opens computing center in its India facility to further enhance
its ability to provide solutions in advanced technologies.
Q2 1998
Cognizant completes initial public offering of 2,917,000 shares of Class
A Common Stock at a price of $10 per share.
  Q2 1998
Cognizant expands sales and marketing efforts in North America
and opens offices in Chicago and San Francisco.
Q3 1998
Cognizant named fastest growing software exporter in India.
       4

  This success in extending our relationships with our clients gives Cognizant strong revenue and earnings visibility and predictability and the ability to continue margin expansion.
And we’re just getting started. As we continue to see our customer satisfaction rates measured in repeat business and client referrals, we
see many exciting opportunities for further growth. We see substantial growth from existing clients, from our expanded geographic coverage
and marketing organization, and our new practices in healthcare, e-commerce, and data warehousing. Because now that we’ve made
such a good first impression, we’re focused on making a lasting impression.
On behalf of our Board of Directors and executive team, we want to express our thanks to our employees, customers, and shareholders. We’re grateful for your belief in Cognizant during its first year as a public company, and we look forward to showing you how much more our team can accomplish as we advance toward the opportuni- ties of 1999 and the century ahead.
Lakshmi Narayanan President and COO
Sincerely yours,
Wijeyaraj Mahadeva
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Q3 1998
Cognizant wins four new customers and announces that CCC
Information Services has named Cognizant as its applications devel-
opment and maintenance partner.
Q3 1998
Lakshmi Narayanan
President and Chief Operating Officer
     Q4 1998
Cognizant establishes “Cognizant Academy” to train its employees in advanced technologies and industry
Q4 1998
Cognizant achieves SEI-CMM Level 4 Certification, signifying that it has a
well-defined, measured process for developing and maintaining software
solutions that is integrated into its management process.
 practices.
   Cognizant launches Netolutions, its web-centric solutions practice.
Q4 1998
Cognizant wins contracts from four new customers and announces
multi-phase agreement with Sierra Health Services for a range of
 systems integration services.
 5
 