                                                          To Our Stockholders:
COGNIZANT’S EXCELLENT PERFORMANCE IN 2007 reflected our long-term strategy of investing in our global platform to capture growth opportunities
in the dynamic global services and outsourcing marketplace. During the past twelve months, we expanded our geographic presence, continued to build addi- tional service offerings, and enhanced our capacity to serve a broader range of industry verticals.
As a result of our continuous efforts to strengthen the Company’s value proposition, Cognizant today is widely recognized in the marketplace as a leader, with the global resources to deliver faster collaboration, more innovation, and better operating and financial results for our clients.
Strong Results, Resilient Business Model
Our financial performance was distinguished by a 50% increase in revenue, which surpassed the $2 billion milestone to reach a Company record of $2.1 billion. GAAP net income was $350.1 million, or $1.15 per diluted share, rising from $232.8 million, or $0.77 per diluted share, for 2006.
These strong results demonstrate the resiliency of our business model and the Company’s ability to generate consistent performance during periods of change and challenge in the business environment. Our focus on expanding our business in new geographies, service lines and in our vertical business segments, as well as prudent expense management and better utilization of our teams, allowed Cognizant to again produce exceptional revenue and earnings growth, while continuing to deliver value for our clients.
Revenues
(in thousands) $2,135,577 •
$1,424,267 • $885,830 •
$586,673 • $368,231 •
03 04 05 06 07
Operating Income
(in thousands)
$381,522 • $258,943 •
$177,616 • $117,620 •
Stockholders’ Equity
(in thousands)
$1,468,210 • $1,073,499 •
$714,145 • $453,529 •
••
Employees
      • 38,853 •
24,342 •
•
•
  55,405
         $72,312
$274,070
15,327
  9,241
        03 04 05 06 07 03 04 05 06 07
03 04 05 06 07
 Cognizant 2007 Annual Report 1

                                        2007 STOCKHOLDER LETTER
Delivering Growth Across Sectors
Revenue growth was strong across multiple industry segments in 2007. Among the areas showing sharp revenue increases were two business segments in which Cognizant has typically had a major market pres- ence: Financial Services (up 47% year-over-year) and Healthcare (rising 52%). In addition, we are pleased with the solid growth in several of the newer segments to which we have committed resources in recent years, including Retail, Manufacturing and Logistics (up 53%) and our Other segment, which includes our Information, Media and Entertainment, Communications and High Technology segments (a 52% increase).
We continue to work with market leaders. Among our significant client developments of the past year, phar- maceutical giant Merck & Co. Inc. named Cognizant as a strategic partner for a full suite of services, including applications outsourcing, IT infrastructure management and business process outsourcing – expanding
on a relationship that dates back to 2005. We secured a significant IT applications outsourcing agreement with Kimberly-Clark, which will utilize the resources of our new Buenos Aires delivery location, as well as Chennai, India and other centers in North America and Europe. Rabobank, the largest banking group in The Netherlands, chose a partnership of Cognizant and Ordina for a seven-year outsourcing arrangement, for which we will provide on-site/offshore delivery. The California State Automobile Association, which provides automotive, travel, insurance and financial services, engaged Cognizant for business consulting, specialized software and service implementation and support services. In the Information, Media and Entertainment sector, Simon & Schuster, Inc. selected Cognizant for an end-to-end IT infrastructure management program.
Late in 2007, we completed a transaction that will strengthen our offerings across all segments of the Life Sciences vertical, by acquiring marketRx, Inc. A leading provider of data analytics and related services, marketRx is highly regarded by global compa- nies in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical device businesses. In addition to its healthcare domain expertise and proprietary data analytics technology platform, marketRx has offices in Bridgewater, New Jersey and Gurgaon, India, which will become part of our global delivery network. The proprietary data analytics platform of marketRx will greatly enhance Cognizant’s offerings for life sciences companies. Additionally, we plan to extend marketRx’s innovative capabilities in analytics to the other industry sectors that we serve.
In total, Cognizant added approximately 100 new clients in 2007, to bring our active client list to nearly 500, including those who joined us as a result of the marketRx acquisition.
Global Delivery and Cognizant 2.0
At the end of 2007, Cognizant operated over 40 global delivery centers in Asia, Europe, North America and Latin America. We have continued to refine and expand our delivery platform to meet the growing demands of our clients for comprehensive solutions. Key initiatives during the year included a commitment of an additional $100 million investment for infrastructure expansion at multiple locations in India, bringing our total commitment to the India infrastructure program to $330 million through 2009. Our growing India operations now include locations in Bangalore, Chennai, Coimbatore, Hyderabad, Kochi, Kolkata, Mumbai, Pune and, with the marketRx acquisition, Gurgaon. We also have increased headcount significantly in
China; over a dozen global clients now have some portion of their services delivered from our China center. Additionally, we are starting to see strong client demand for delivery from Latin America, from our base in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
We are building the next generation global delivery system, in which work can be divided into small “atomic” sub-processes, assigned to various locations based on the talent and experience required, and eventually reassembled into end-to-end solutions. This “de-coupling” of work from specific physical locations will enable us to devote the best intellectual resources from our global talent pool to each sub-process. Many of our clients are already benefiting from such “Virtual Delivery Centers,” which are custom-designed to their exact
                                 Named to Fortune's list of 100 Fastest- Growing Companies for the 5th consecutive year (September 2007)
 2 Cognizant 2007 Annual Report

                                        business needs. As a result, we can deliver outcomes that are far more impactful than could be achieved under a traditional geographic-based outsourcing model.
To support this atomic approach to global delivery, we have been working for nearly two years on a new platform, which we call Cognizant 2.0. The new platform seamlessly integrates our global knowledge base and the efforts of our teams worldwide, permitting us to better orchestrate work around the globe, while providing a real-time view of the global work we are doing for our clients. Over time, we plan to add clients and affiliated solution providers in an “ecosystem of people, processes and partners” that will enhance and accelerate collaboration, productivity, flexibility and delivery.
Expanding Range of Services
In our constant drive to deliver business results to clients, Cognizant has broadened the range of services we provide beyond our traditional foundation of applications development and maintenance. Specifically, we have continued to build strong offerings in IT infrastructure services, consulting, business process outsourcing (BPO) and knowledge process outsourcing (KPO).
We have made substantial investments to provide our clients with an end-to-end IT infrastructure management platform that addresses key client concerns such as risk mitigation, flexibility and global consistency. As a result of our 2006 acquisition of AimNet, we have built a Global Infrastructure Operations Center platform that com- bines on-site, near-shore and offshore in a manner that can be easily integrated with the client’s existing environment.
Additionally, our Cognizant Business Consulting (CBC) group now consists of more than 1,800 consulting professionals. CBC provides clients with high quality, unbiased advice in such critical areas as IT strategy, outsourcing strategy, business process redesign, solutions evaluation and design, as well as numerous other strategy, domain and functional consulting areas.
We also have made strides in developing our BPO capabilities. Because of our solid domain expertise, clients increasingly are turning to Cognizant to handle specific processes that are critical to their business, such as managing clinical trials for life sciences companies or claims administration in the insurance industry.
Our SAP® practice, which provides end-to-end solutions for the implementation, maintenance, upgrade and enhancement of SAP® applications, is another growth area for Cognizant. We are gaining traction as a leader in working with clients to implement SAP® applications, producing business solutions that integrate such functions as materials management, finance, sales and marketing and human resources on a global scale.
Culture and Commitment
We cannot emphasize strongly enough that Cognizant’s “client first” culture lies at the heart of our ability to deliver value for clients and profitable growth for stockholders. That culture is reflected in a passion for building strong businesses — both our clients’ and our own. We are deeply grateful to all of our people worldwide for their dedicated efforts and their role in our continued success.
In 2007, to maintain our commitment to world-class client service and build capacity for future growth, we increased our global headcount by 43%, ending the year with over 55,000 professionals. With thousands of team members, representing nationalities from around the globe, the need for a strong, positive and consis- tent corporate culture is undeniable. We foster such a culture by recruiting the best talent, providing the best training and empowering our people to make decisions in the best interests of their clients.
  Ranked 12th in BusinessWeek Top 50 Performers list (March 2007)
Ranked 15th in BusinessWeek Hot Growth Companies list (May 2007)
Ranked 9th Fastest Growing in BusinessWeek Info Tech 100 list (July 2007)
   Cognizant 2007 Annual Report 3
Entered Forbes Global 2000 list (April 2007)

                                        2007 STOCKHOLDER LETTER
To ensure that Cognizant employees are aligned with our vision and values from the start, each new associ- ate is trained in the Cognizant approach. Education and training are also critical to the culture-building effort, whether through our own Cognizant Academy, or the many outside universities and finishing schools whose programs we help to sponsor. A major thrust of our training programs is to ensure that all employees are skilled and certified in multiple disciplines, making them more valuable to the Company and our clients, as well as enhancing their professional development.
A distinguishing aspect of Cognizant’s culture is our “Two-in-a-BoxTM” client relationship model, in which senior managers located on the client’s premises work closely with counterparts at our offshore delivery centers to coordinate business requirements and deliverables. This creates
a commonality of interest and a close alignment between our teams and
our clients that transcends geographic borders and divisional boundaries.
Award-Winning Performance
We are pleased that Cognizant’s culture of client service and our ability
to deliver profitable growth have again been recognized by respected
independent sources. Technology research firm Gartner, Inc. positioned
Cognizant in the Leaders Quadrant of its Magic Quadrant for North
American Offshore Application Services in August 2007 for the second
consecutive time. Forrester Research also recognized Cognizant as a
leader in a report entitled “The Forrester Wave: North American
Applications Outsourcing Q1 2007”, and cited the Company as a top off-
shore provider for North American applications outsourcing in the current
offering category. We believe these evaluations reflect the strength of our clear vision on the direction of our market, our determination to commit resources to delivering on that vision and our uncompromising approach to client service. Among other honors, Cognizant was named to the Fortune magazine list of “100 Fastest-Growing Companies” for 2007 — making us the only company to appear on this list for the last five consecutive years. Also, BusinessWeek magazine again included the Company in its “InfoTech 100,” noting that Cognizant was the fastest growing technology outsourcing firm on that list.
Investing in the Future
Looking ahead, Cognizant will continue to make the strategic investments needed to serve our customers more effectively and deliver profitable growth for our shareholders. Our top three priorities remain: enhancing our domain expertise within an ever-increasing range of industries, growing our service offerings to provide value in a wider range of disciplines and expanding the geographic footprint of our global delivery platform. We are confident that this approach will drive continued strong performance and we thank you for your interest and support.
Sincerely,
President and Chief Executive Officer
 Francisco D’Souza
President and
Chief Executive Officer
 Francisco D’Souza
 4 Cognizant 2007 Annual Report
