  TO OUR STAKEHOLDERS:
For Cognizant Technology Solutions, navigating the seas of change means successfully anticipating and rapidly responding to each new wave of technology. We are able to expertly ride different waves of technology and continue to meet customers’ increasing needs in changing times. Cognizant has demonstrated its skill by deftly moving from mainframe to Y2K to client server to the Internet and then to wireless – all without missing a beat. And we’ve done it while continuing to rapidly grow revenues and earnings – a feat which has been achieved by very few in our industry. These accomplishments are the result of the strategic foresight of our management team and our cost-effective on-site/offshore model, which allows us to invest in extensive R&D and training operations without sacrificing earnings. Our achievements are also the result of our unique client partnerships. We work with clients over the course of years and deliver results through many technology cycles, resulting in some of the deepest and most enduring client relationships in the industry. These factors are the keys to Cognizant’s ongoing success.
Strong Financial Results
As our results demonstrate, business has remained strong despite an economic landscape that has signaled a slowdown for many other IT-services organizations. The fourth quarter of 2000 marked our 17th consecutive quarter of revenue growth. Fueled primarily by the popularity of our application-management and e-business services along with highly productive sales and
cont’d
 1
     COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS

Stakeholders Letter cont’d
  marketing investments, our Company’s total revenues rose 54 percent to $137.0 million for 2000, from $88.9 million for the prior year. Recurring revenue from our existing customer base accounted for 82 percent of our total revenues for 2000 – a testament to the strength of our client partnerships, the quality of our work and our ability to continuously provide increasing value to clients. These ongoing client relationships also provide us with excellent visibility for revenues and earnings. We increased our net income for 2000 by 57 percent to $17.7 million, or $0.87 per diluted share, from $11.2 million, or $0.58 per diluted share for 1999. In addition, we improved our operating margins by 35 basis points
from 1999 to 2000 by continuing our shift toward newer,
higher-rate customers and services.
Our balance sheet is rock solid. We finished 2000 with $62.0 million
in cash and no debt. In fact, our operating activities
generated $13 million in cash for the fourth quarter alone – a period of time in which so many companies in our industry were burning through cash, rather than making it. Stockholders’ equity grew 45 percent for the one-year period ended Dec. 31, 2000. In addition, we completed a two-for-one stock split early in 2000, increasing the liquidity of our shares.
R&D and The Cognizant Academy Help Us Navigate
Knowledge and foresight are keys to providing suc- cessful IT services. In line with that belief, Cognizant increased its R&D team by more than 30 percent in 2000 for the purpose of further expanding its exper- tise in e-business and developing new competencies. The knowledge and proof-of-concept capability of our R&D groups has proven to be a key competitive advantage, allowing us to advise and partner with clients as they map their strategies to prepare their businesses for the next generation of technology. This further strengthens our client relationships and creates a pipeline of new projects for the future.
Cognizant’s commitment to knowledge building
does not end with R&D. The Cognizant Academy, our in-house university, ensures that our associates stay current with leading-edge technologies, Cognizant’s quality processes, project management tools and methodologies, and client management skills so that they can perform with maximum effectiveness and efficiency. In 2000, the Cognizant Academy offered over 350 classroom courses and an extensive array of distance learning options.
Growing Recognition of
Offshore Delivery
Recently, offshore development has moved to the forefront of strategic IT initiatives among many Fortune 1000 companies. In addition to the cost benefits, Cognizant is able to deliver top-notch quality and provide faster time to market, which has attracted many new clients. Increased economic uncertainty and pressure to find ways to maximize IT budgets have also contributed to the recent boom.
                                                                                                                                                      2
   COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS
 
 Cognizant’s onsite/offshore model is the best solution for large companies looking for an IT partner who can quickly deliver realizable return on invest- ment. Our success is driven by our ability to develop and deploy large-scale systems that integrate e-business with legacy, substantially improving business productivity. Additionally, through application management services, we can ensure that the systems are functioning efficiently and effectively, while delivering considerable cost savings.
A Strong Flow of Customers,
a Flood of Recognition
Cognizant’s value proposition attracted a record number of new clients to Cognizant throughout 2000. During the year, we increased our customer base by over 50 percent. We added several blue chip clients, such as Ace Hardware, RadioShack, Hewitt Associates, a major money center bank, a leading telecommunications company and Blue Cross plans. We are pleased to be entering 2001 with a record number of blue chip clients who are poised to sub- stantially expand their relationship with Cognizant.
Our Company also received great recognition from industry groups and the media last year. We were assessed by KPMG at SEI-CMM Level 5 for all major development centers – the highest certification level granted by the Software Engineering Institute at Carnegie Mellon. This means that our customers get the best-built software available anywhere. We also won the “Best of Best Practices Award” given by the Carnegie Mellon Center for Information Systems Engineering. In addition, we ranked highly on a number of important “best of” lists, including
Forbes’ Best Small Companies of 2000; BusinessWeek’s “200 Hottest Growth Companies”, and Deloitte & Touche’s “Fastest-Growing
Technology Companies.”
This positive attention has
brought about a better under- standing of and appreciation for Cognizant in both the technical and financial community.
SALES AND MARKETING
Our continued success at adding new customers is based on our investment in sales and marketing, which started in 1997 when we began to transition the Company’s revenue base away from Y2K-based projects. Our sales force has always been involved in complex sales cycles based on return on invest- ment. As the dot.com bubble burst, we did not have to change our target audience or selling approach, and therefore did not see a lengthened sales cycle.
During 2000, we opened sales offices in Atlanta, Cincinnati, Dallas, Los Angeles and Minneapolis.
                                                                                                 RECOGNITION
  Cognizant received a great deal of posi- tive attention during 2000. Forbes and BusinessWeek both included Cognizant on “best of” lists in recognition of our Company’s strong management, financial performance and growth
   
Stakeholders Letter cont’d
  We focused marketing campaigns on blue chip com- panies with solutions to meet real ongoing needs.
Expanding the Depth and
Breadth of Our Competencies
Over the years, Cognizant has acquired extensive experience in several of the industries with the highest growth rates in IT spending, including financial services, healthcare, information services,
retail, restaurant, telecom and transportation. In 2000,
we organized around industry practices to leverage the consid-
erable expertise we have gained through
our work. We also invested in recruiting
experienced industry practice leaders and developing new industry solutions.
For example, in healthcare we made a significant investment in a HIPAA (Health Insurance Portability
and Accountability Act of 1996) compliance solution, which we expect will be a strong growth center in coming years.
We also continued to deepen our technology exper- tise in such important areas as e-business platforms, legacy to web integration, EAI, XML, wireless, data ware-housing, business intelligence, and legacy consolidation, transformation and re-engineering.
Also during 2000, we upgraded our application management processes and tools and began quantifying the dramatic improvements in response time, quality and costs that clients are able to achieve as a result of Cognizant’s work. Our Company also invested in developing and launching a new service for e-business application management, leveraging our knowledge base and extensive experi- ence in managing legacy applications. We initiated “e-testing” to ensure that our Web solutions meet our clients’ needs for performance and functionality. And since many customers have asked about our
                                                                                                       WORLDWIDE OPERATIONS regionalheadquarters     salesoffices   developmentcenters
         London
  Minneapolis
Chicago
Frankfurt
        San Francisco Los Angeles
Cincinatti Dallas
New York Atlanta
        Calcutta
Pune
Bangalore
Chennai
               4
   COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS

   willingness to extend ourselves into platform and infrastructure hosting, Cognizant formed a strategic relationship with Loudcloud. In conjunction with the other notable partnerships and alliances we made last year, this new relationship has enabled us to provide our customers with end-to-end e-services.
PEOPLE AND INFRASTRUCTURE
During 2000, we opened our ninth state-of-the-art development center, in Bangalore, India, and ex- panded our facilities in Calcutta, Chennai and Pune. Over the next two years, Cognizant will be investing about $30 million in the construction of two new state-of-the-art office complexes on Company- owned land. These fully networked “intelligent” offices will not only geographically consolidate
our operations, but will also give us the room to accommodate our ongoing growth and provide our employees with more amenities and recreational facilities. We have been able to maintain our position as an employer of choice and an extremely high level of employee satisfaction, which is a strong competitive edge as the demand for IT professionals worldwide continues to increase. Once again, we are combining the best of India, Europe and the US.
Our Business Model: Carefully Constructed and Hard to Replicate The time and effort that our Company has dedicated to building its offshore operations have been well invested. Cognizant is a respected member of India’s tightly-knit IT community, thoroughly understands India’s business and cultural environment and has a strong relationship with the country’s major academic
institutions. At the same time, we have established a strong presence close to our clients in the US and Europe, which is tightly integrated with our Indian operations. This makes our business model difficult to replicate, and we believe that this will enable us to maintain our competitive edge as the demand for IT talent and services continues to grow.
As always, we are truly grateful for the quick, able minds and strong work ethic of our employees, the confidence and support of our shareholders and the financial community, and the spirit of partnership we enjoy with our growing number of clients. You are all integral to the ongoing success of our Company.
Sincerely,
Wijeyaraj Mahadeva
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Lakshmi Narayanan
President and Chief Operating Officer
(left)
Wijeyaraj Mahadeva
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
(right)
Lakshmi Narayanan
President and
Chief Operating Officer
   