                  Dear Shareholders:
It is Covanta’s custom to approach business with a 20/20 focus, ensuring clarity about our mission and using our experience to adapt for a successful future. As many of our original 20 year contracts reach their end and are success- fully renewed, we continue to operate in a manner that insures we flourish for at least that long into the future. We look back to help pave the way ahead. Few businesses think long-term the way we do, but for Covanta it comes naturally and that helps us create sustainable value for the municipal clients and shareholders we serve.
Since our inception, we have successfully capitalized on market opportunities and weathered many challenges to prosper. With a new decade underway, it seemed like a good time to look back and extract lessons to better shape our future, ensuring we use what we have learned to remain adaptable. There is much wisdom to be gleaned from those who have been here throughout, providing stability to the organization and serving as mentors and leaders to a new generation of employees. Our vision of being the world’s leading producer of Energy-from-Waste (EfW) endures. And, as we move forward, we will passion- ately pursue that vision and find new ways to create value for our shareholders. We are fortunate that our past labors have established a strong platform on which to build:
we have a solid base business—one that continues to deliver strong financial performance;
we have a sustainable business model—anchored by long-term customer relationships, institutional know-how, talented employees and hard to replicate assets;
we have a business that makes sense—using common municipal waste as fuel to create clean renewable energy.
This is a waste and energy solution that addresses civic, environmental and energy-related problems simultane- ously, making it a solution now as well as for the long-term.
Our challenge for the future is to continue delivering value to clients and shareholders by effectively managing our existing assets, while also growing through the development of new facilities and technologies.
Our 20/20 theme tells a story of vision, endurance and increasing relevance. In the early 80s, we set out to build
a business by providing unmatched service to our client communities; by continuously improving and adapting to their needs. Today that same philosophy drives everyone at Covanta as we seek to extend existing relationships, attract new customers, deploy innovative technologies
and develop new projects. And, notwithstanding the evolution of our business over the years, some things remain constant—the permitting and development of new projects remains complex, controversial and time consuming.
Yet as we look back it is clear, when we and our clients persevered, long-term value was created and the communi- ties we serve benefited. Our tenacity in holding to our collective vision has been vindicated beyond our expectations, as Covanta became one of the world’s leading EfW produc- ers and our clients reaped the long-term benefits of predictable, sustainable waste disposal and locally generated renewable power. Each of the projects we operate in partnership with our clients serves as the cornerstone of
a cost effective and sustainable waste disposal system. And now, as approximately 20% of them have paid off their project debt with others soon to follow, the result is exceptional debt free assets that run like new.
With the institutional knowledge gained over the years, we see a bright future ahead, filled with opportunities to expand relationships with long-standing clients and forge new relationships to grow our business. That’s our 20/20 vision—the perspective and agility gained since we began to execute our vision in the early 80s will help our business thrive well into the future.
A Year of Renewal
OperatiOns review
Producing Energy-from-Waste—sounds hard to do and it is. Our goal is to make it look easy by getting better each and every year. This past year we achieved that goal in virtually every measure we consider important. First among these is our workplace safety. We re-doubled our efforts to be the best. We were not satisfied with being in the top 10 nationwide in OSHA’s prestigious Voluntary Protection Plan STAR program—we stepped-up to a higher level to drive our safety culture and achieve our best results ever.
     14

                  We utilized our operating expertise to achieve immediate efficiencies from the seamless integration of seven newly-acquired EfW operations, which will continue to deliver benefits as we move forward. We now own and/or operate 41 North American EfW facilities, making us far and away the largest operator in the region. In the Ameri- cas, we converted 19 million tons of waste into clean renewable energy, our best production year ever, and once again our boiler availability exceeded 91%.
We continue to find new ways to leverage our large operat- ing platform and extensive experience—we call this asset management. Programs initiated in 2010 will help fuel our future growth. We are introducing time-tested operating protocols to boost production at newly acquired facilities, while expanding the use of our regional maintenance teams and our national purchasing programs to drive down costs across our fleet. Our special waste program is also being expanded. And, we will continue our highly success- ful track record of renewing contracts with long-term clients, as exemplified by the mutually beneficial seven year contract extension recently entered into with our Huntington client.
We made good progress on the construction front in 2010, as we continued to utilize the expertise gleaned from constructing 23 EfW facilities and facility expansions. In Hawaii, we are expanding the facility we operate on behalf of our client by 900 tons per day; when complete, capacity will be increased by 40% and the facility will produce 6% of the electricity needed to power the island of Oahu. More telling is the fact that our operating contract will be extended by 20 years, demonstrating that we and our clients share a collective belief in the long-term value and viability of our EfW solutions.
Renewal also means redeploying assets, directing them to where they create the greatest value. For this reason, during 2010, we decided to sell our non-core assets in India, the Philippines and Bangladesh; we have already sold one facility, Samalpatti in India, and signed a defini- tive agreement to sell Quezon in the Philippines. By returning a portion of the proceeds to shareholders and retaining the balance for investment, our redeployment of assets affirms our commitment to maximizing shareholder value both in the short and long-term.
Financial Review
In 2010, another strong year of operations enabled us to turn in good financial results. Our revenues from continu- ing operations increased approximately $200 million or
14% to $1.6 billion. Free Cash Flow (1), the financial metric we view as the best indication of our liquidity and overall standing, rose 6% from 2009 to $318 million based on our continuing operations. During the year, contributions from the newly-acquired facilities and a significant upturn in our recycled metals related revenues enabled us to overcome challenges resulting from lower power and spot waste pricing. These results illustrate once again our ability to deliver sound financial results, in difficult economies as well as during boom times.
As much as we focus on operations and client service, we never lose sight of one of our primary goals, which is to enhance shareholder value. Last summer, we issued a one-time $1.50 per share special cash dividend, which totaled $233 million. During the second half of 2010, we repurchased $95 million of stock, or 4% of our outstanding shares. All in, $328 million was returned to shareholders during the year. We remain committed to returning to shareholders capital that is not needed for imminent investment.
We also strengthened our balance sheet, taking advan- tage of a strong high-yield market to redeem most of our
1% Convertible Debentures which are callable in February 2012. The new high-yield debt we issued provides us with an attractive cost of capital and flexible covenants, permitting our continued pursuit of growth and capital return activities. Here again, we are focused on long-term sustainable value—locking in an attractive rate for a 10-year term and introducing Covanta to the important high-yield market so that we will have the option to quickly raise capital in the future should that make sense.
SuStainability—good FoR the enviRonment; good FoR buSineSS
We never tire of touting the sustainable benefits of Energy-from-Waste, but in 2010 we went a step further and solidified Covanta’s role as a conscientious corporate citizen by publishing our first sustainability report. It is our commitment to superior transparency in the areas of performance, governance and stakeholder engagement
(1) Non- GAAP Financial Measure. Please see the calculation on page 21.
15

                  that sets us apart from so many others. This document, available online at covantaenergy.com/sustainability, presents aspects of our practices, priorities and perfor- mance—especially those related to our Clean World Initiative—in unprecedented detail. And, this is not a one-time event. Future issues will illustrate our commitment to attainment of more rigorous self-imposed standards, as our long-term endurance depends upon our ability to meet key social concerns—the long-term health of our environment being front and center.
In addition to the release of this seminal publication, the Clean World Initiative expanded its reach on several other important fronts in 2010. Our Fishing for Energy program tackled the western seaboard of the U.S., with collection events in Astoria, Oregon and Moss Landing Harbor in California. This program, a partnership between Covanta Energy, the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Marine Debris Program and Schnitzer Steel Industries, Inc., provides commercial fisherman a cost-free way to recycle old and unusable fishing gear. The gear is stripped of metal for recycling and processed into clean renewable energy at a Covanta EfW facility. Since its inception in 2008, Fishing for Energy has recycled and recovered approximately one million pounds of old fishing gear and was recently honored with the prestigious Coastal America Partnership Award. In a parallel example of civic collaboration, we elected to extend Rx4Safety, our successful program which provides safe, environmentally sound destruction of outdat- ed and unwanted household medications at our EfW facilities. In the past year alone, we destroyed more than 30,000 pounds of expendable pharmaceuticals, keeping them from contaminating our precious waterways or falling into the wrong hands. We are proud to be working with organizations such as the Product Stewardship Institute and national organizations such as the Prescription Pill and Drug Disposal Program to ensure the safe destruction of these drugs, with the added benefit of providing clean, renewable electricity.
Lastly, although not a new initiative, we were gratified to be in a position to assist our neighbors in the Gulf of Mexico following last year’s horrendous oil spill, by processing oil soaked booms extracted from local waters, thereby turning dirty residue otherwise destined for landfills into clean electricity.
The Persistence of Value
In order to look ahead, we constantly look within, extracting lessons from the past to help us forge a better path for a future of longevity and strength. We see a sound company built around a strong and stable core which provides solid cash flow and the luxury of being strategic and selective when evaluating growth opportunities.
During 2010, we eliminated or curtailed development activities on several fronts in response to economic and other factors. Our development spending in China is one example; success was coming too slowly and returns did not justify continued activity. Construction on our Dublin project was derailed by the political and economic turmoil in Ireland. At this point the project’s future is uncertain—as events in Ireland unfold we’ll assess the situation and proceed only if makes sense for us and our client.
We also cut back on development spending in the U.S. The combination of uncertainty relating to a national
renewable energy policy, persistently low natural gas prices and lower waste disposal pricing made it clear that developing conventional EfW projects would be difficult in the absence of an economic recovery or legislative stimulus. In his second State of the Union address, President
Obama called for increased investment in clean energy
“that will strengthen our security, protect our planet and create countless new jobs for our people.” His stated goal of generating 80% of our energy from clean sources by 2035 is ambitious, challenging and the right thing to do. We are confident that when clean energy legislation is ultimately signed into law, it will enhance our domestic EfW growth opportunities.
But at this time we’ve narrowed our sights. Our restraint reflects the high standards of fiscal responsibility we owe to our stakeholders and the wisdom we’ve drawn from our past experience. It also intensifies our focus on the devel- opment opportunities with the greatest chance for success.
The UK market remains our best opportunity. Our growth pipeline continues to be fueled by the progressive environmental policies of the European Union. Many European countries have levied punitive taxes on landfills, recognizing their detrimental effect on a community’s air, land and groundwater. In the UK alone, the tax is £48 per tonne, and will grow to £80 per tonne by 2014. This is a testament to their support of EfW combined with recycling
16

                  as the preferred approach to waste management. In turn, we are currently pursuing six facilities representing a total annual waste disposal capacity exceeding three million tonnes. Given the challenges common to developing complex infrastructure, we expect that only some of these projects will come to fruition, but our advance work in the UK market has earned us good traction and we are optimistic about our potential for growth. We also know, as we review with satisfaction the enormous value creation associated with our existing EfW portfolio, that once built, these new facilities will be meaningful contributors.
On this side of the Atlantic, we are pursuing targeted opportunities in the U.S. and Canada. The Durham/York project near Toronto is making the best progress and we hope that later this year, our clients will issue a notice to proceed with construction.
We are working hard to advance the most important projects in our pipeline, but as the saying goes, you can’t speed up the harvest. Timing will be driven largely by permit approvals and municipal procurement decisions— we hope this year will bring greater clarity on both fronts.
While pursuing exciting and value-creating development opportunities, we continue to keep our eye on the new technology ball. We relentlessly strive to reduce emissions, improve our operations and make them more competitive. We are particularly excited about new innovations stemming from our Clean World Initiative that complement our core EfW business, such as our effort to convert waste to renewable diesel fuel. An adjunct of that work is our commitment to the Clinton Global Initiative, which involves a partnership between us and Project Kaisei to collect plastic fouling our oceans and explore converting it into renewable diesel fuel.
We are also looking at new ways to advance the technology and operating know-how applicable to our existing EfW operations. As we continue to apply the concept of continuous improvement, we are confident that we can deliver incremental gains in productivity. In 2011, for example, we are focused on processes to increase our extraction of metals which can then be recycled and to modify our ash handling, with the effect of reducing
both the volume and cost associated with its disposal.
The various initiatives noted above are representative of the many actions we have taken through the years to enhance the value of our business. We always have been, and remain, focused on creating value by servicing our customers and managing our existing assets, as well as developing new projects, advocating for beneficial policies and driving ground-breaking innovation.
Foresight is 20/20
From its inception, Covanta saw a vibrant future for Energy-from-Waste and from where we stand today, that vision remains unimpaired. Indeed, it is more clear today than ever before. We enjoy a stable business model that enables us to deliver consistent performance year after year. This steadfast approach has served us well in calm times as well as turbulent ones, and creates a steady foundation upon which to face future challenges and embrace future opportunities.
The story of Covanta is told every day in various ways that breathe life into our unrelenting vision. It is the environ- mental stewardship of our client communities, the experi- ence and expertise of our dedicated employees
and the loyal support of our shareholders that make our company a successful and gratifying place to work. Our thanks go out to all those who share our vision of making this a cleaner, safer and more sustainable world
by creating Energy-from-Waste.
SAMUEL ZELL
Chairman of the Board of Directors
ANTHONY J. ORLANDO
President and Chief Executive Officer
  17
