 dear shareholders,
In this challenging economic environment, Covanta is fortunate that our current business is stable and our long-term growth prospects are strong. By producing clean energy from waste and other renewable resources, we provide services essential to local communities and beneficial to our society. Our employees are experienced and motivated; our balance sheet is healthy and our cash generation is substantial. Collectively, these attributes enable us to effectively service our clients, grow the company and increase shareholder value.
Addressing Pressing ChAllenges
Covanta’s expertise with Energy-from-Waste (EfW) enables us to offer solutions which help address some of today’s most pressing challenges—diversifying the energy supply, protecting the environment and stimulating the economy.
energy
As the weight of the world’s populace bears down on a stressed and vulnerable planet, energy sufficiency is a key issue. Total population has doubled in the last 50 years and is predicted to increase again by 50% in the next 30 years. By then, we will have nine billion neighbors and a vastly increased global demand for efficient, affordable electricity. Today’s production depends almost entirely on utilizing fossil fuels, which are finite in quantity and harm the environment during extraction and processing. And yet, as we write this letter, we are keenly aware that the recent precipitous decline in energy prices will cause some individuals to cut their alternative energy investments. We cannot fall prey to short-term thinking—we must increase the breadth of the energy portfolio to reduce the likelihood and magnitude of future energy price spikes and further environmental damage. We must find and exploit more renewable resources for electricity generation as a means to ensure sufficient supplies with minimal environmental impact. What Covanta creates—Energy-from-Waste—is recognized around the world to be among the best large-scale options.
environment
A climate crisis is upon us. Global warming threatens to raise our average global temperature to a level that jeopardizes mankind’s prosperity and the planet’s biodiversity. We must develop new technologies and deploy all existing alternatives to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. Energy-from-Waste is here today: tested and proven successful on a commercial scale. In fact, the full-cycle process of creating Energy-from-Waste yields a net reduction in GHG emissions. Last year alone, our 38 EfW facilities displaced about four million tons of coal that would have otherwise been combusted to create electricity and rendered a total carbon offset of more than 17 million tons of carbon dioxide (CO2). Since we began operations, our carbon offset has exceeded 250 million tons of GHG emissions—no small feat.
Greenhouse gas offsets are a big part of our environmental story, but they are not the only part. The increasing challenges of waste disposal and land use are of equal importance. Worldwide, communities dispose of one billion tons of waste in landfills every year. Even after recycling over 100 million tons a year, the United States alone buries 250 million tons of waste. We can, should, and will recycle more, but we’ll still have huge quantities of waste remaining after recycling.
TOTal REnEWablE ElECTRiCiTy SOld
(In MegaWatt Hours)
7M
      8 · COVANTA HOLDING CORPORATION
2006 2007 2008
7,833,185 8,241,907
8,909,726

 TOTal WaSTE PROCESSEd (In tons)
15M
The challenge is how to manage this residual waste in the most sustainable fashion. There are only two proven choices for what’s left after recycling trash: converting it to clean, renewable energy as we do, or burying it in a landfill. The latter leads to a host of problems, including the generation of methane (a GHG approximately 20 times more potent than CO2), carbon emissions from long-haul trucking, and potential groundwater contamination while also diminishing a valuable and finite resource—open space. Landfilling also makes our current problems the problems of future generations, a violation of every tenet of sustainability. Faced with this stark comparison between EfW and landfilling, it’s clear why we believe only EfW makes sense.
economy
And finally, there’s the economy, which rose to the forefront of public debate with alarming speed in 2008 as fears of a global recession became a reality. The ripple effects of job losses and plummeting consumer confidence are being felt around the world. While many businesses are cutting back, we are looking forward—towards expansion of the clean energy economy. We estimate that the construction of just one average domestic Energy-from-Waste facility has the potential to generate $1 billion in economic activity, creating approximately a thousand construc- tion jobs and 100 permanent “green” jobs. With the proper support, EfW will be an effective contributor to putting people back to work.
There is no question these three areas of concern are inextricably linked. Their varied solutions are bound to overlap and deliver benefits in significant ways. And this is where Covanta will play an important role in the years ahead.
A new dAy for EfW
The business of processing municipal solid waste and converting it into energy is both an old and new idea. While the concept of burning trash is centuries old, early forms of uncontrolled trash incineration bear no resemblance to the earth-friendly, dual purpose, high-tech facilities we operate today—facilities that are now, according to a recent report in The Wall Street Journal 1, gaining recognition by local governments as viable components of their approach to an energy/environment solution. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) recognizes that our modern facilities produce power with “less environmental impact than almost any other source of electricity” and the EPA’s Solid Waste Management Hierarchy recommends EfW over landfills. Additional support is widespread, with a small sampling of recent proponents including the U.S. Department of Energy,
the European Union’s Environmental Protection Agency, the Global Roundtable on Climate Change, the World Economic Forum and this endorsement for EfW from the U.S. Council of Mayors:
“Generation of energy from municipal solid waste disposed in a waste-to-energy facility not only offers significant environmental and renewable benefits, but also provides great energy diversity and increased energy security for our nation”.
Awareness of landfilling’s harmful environmental byproducts is growing, as is opposition to the practice. The European Union is requiring a 65% reduction in landfilling of biodegradable municipal solid waste by the year 2020. Similarly, the Chinese government intends to minimize landfill usage by converting 30% of its waste into energy by 2030. Any practical approach to solving global warming must include a reduction in landfills by increased utilization of recycling and Energy-from-Waste.
1—Cities Give Waste-to-Energy Plants a Second Look, by Ilan Brat The Wall Street Journal, December 6, 2008.
      2008 ANNUAL REPORT · 9
2006 2007 2008
15,306,142 15,770,326
17,246,385

 While we measure the trends and effects of our industry globally, much of its true value is local. Our long-term relationships with municipalities form the stable base of our business and provide client communities with assured access to a means of sustainable waste disposal. As communities grow and waste proliferates, municipalities are seeking integrated waste management solutions. Consumers are more conscientious than ever about reducing, re-using and recycling. Energy-from-Waste, which constitutes the fourth “R”—recovery—not only works in concert with recycling, but has proven to elevate the cause. A recent study2 investigating the compatibility between EfW and recycling shows that communities with EfW facilities recycle at a rate at least three-to-five percent higher than the national average. The message about the benefits of EfW is not going unheeded. Communities are expanding existing EfW facilities and implementing plans for the construction of new facilities at a level not seen in several decades.
America has a new president with an aggressive energy, environmental and economic agenda. During 2008, we worked hard to educate policy makers about the multi-faceted benefits of EfW. With the recently enacted stimulus bill, we were pleased to see the extension of production tax credits for all new renewable electricity generation projects, including EfW. Additional policy discussions are now on the table, including the setting of standards for renewable electricity generation and the reduction of GHG emissions. Covanta is actively involved in representing EfW in these debates, presenting its distinct benefits as a tested and proven solution.
2008: A yeAr of delivering vAlue
Covanta delivers value on many levels. We provide long-term, sustainable waste management to communities around the world. We generate clean, renewable energy for those same communities, day and night, rain or shine. We create mutually beneficial partnerships across oceans. All of these efforts lead to value creation for our shareholders.
In 2008 our financial results were in line with the guidance first issued in February 2008, before volatility in energy and commodities markets spiked and before the recession became front-page news. Revenues grew 16% to $1.7 billion. Our cash flow from operations was $403 million. We reinvested most of this cash into the business: $88 million on capital expenditures; $92 million deployed for acquisitions, equity investments and other growth-oriented initiatives and $195 million to pay down debt.
We consider ourselves fortunate—our business has prospered and we will weather the difficult times ahead. We have a highly contracted revenue stream and as those contracts expire, we are retiring project debt, putting us in the enviable position of having long-lived, debt-free assets. Furthermore, we are in an excellent position to pursue new Energy-from-Waste projects and opportunistically acquire strategic assets.
In addition to record financial performance, 2008 was a year of setting records with respect to our operations. Here are a few highlights:
A Milestone—In October of 2008, Covanta celebrated a significant milestone: since inception we have converted 250 million tons of waste into energy while offsetting 250 million tons of GHG emissions. The magnitude of this equates to the benefit derived from planting six billion trees, or producing enough electricity to power 11 million homes for a year. This milestone
2—A Compatibility Study: Recycling and Waste-to-Energy Work in Concert by Eileen Brettler Berenyi, PhD, Governmental Advisory Associates, Inc.
REvEnuES
(In tHousands)
      10 · COVANTA HOLDING CORPORATION
2006 2007 2008
$1,268,536 $1,433,087
$1,664,253

 CaSh flOW PROvidEd
by OPERaTing aCTiviTiES (In tHousands)
also represents the recycling of approximately five million tons of metal—enough to build 60 Golden Gate Bridges.
safety—We made great progress this past year toward our goal of having each of our domestic facilities admitted to the prestigious Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) Voluntary Protection Plan (VPP) Star Program as well as the U.S. EPA Performance Track Program. We added six facilities to OSHA’s VPP Star Program, raising our total to 29, and nine of our facilities were honored by the EPA’s Performance Track Program, raising that total to 25. We are proud to be among the top ten participating companies in both programs.
Clean world initiative—We embarked upon an important new initiative which we refer to as
the Clean World Initiative (CWI), to embody our commitment to both sustainability and continuous improvement. CWI encompasses three key initiatives: first—research and development; second—implementing processes and technologies at our facilities to improve energy efficiency and lessen their environmental impact; and third—partnering with governments and non-governmental organizations to pursue programs that promote sustainability, reduce the use of environmentally harmful materials in commerce and communicate the benefits of EfW. Examples of this third initiative include our community-based programs to remove mercury from the waste stream and to reduce threats to marine life posed by abandoned fishing gear. Our membership and active participation in various environmental groups such as The Climate Registry, the California Climate Action Registry and the Global Roundtable on Climate Change are also on the upswing.
organizational structure—We re-aligned our business along our three primary geographic territories, each with its own President and experienced management team. What follows are highlights of the recent activity in each of these regions.
Americas—We strengthened our EfW portfolio by acquiring, refurbishing and restarting a 1,125 ton-per-day facility in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Extending our perfect track record, we successfully negotiated waste contract extensions in four of our U.S. facilities. We purchased two biomass facilities in Maine, increasing our gross electrical capacity from biomass by 35%. As we move through 2009, we look forward to the completion of our EfW expansion project in Hillsborough, Florida and to completing additional phases of the work associated with planned expansions of the Hempstead, New York and Honolulu, Hawaii EfW facilities.
europe—We made significant progress advancing the 600,000 tonne-per-year EfW project in Dublin. Site work has begun, and full-scale construction of this marquee project is a clear priority for 2009. Led by our team of seasoned experts located in West Midlands, UK and supported by our experienced home office staff, we are aggressively pursuing at least half a dozen competitively bid EfW opportunities. Market momentum is building as countries move toward compliance with the European Union directive mandating a dramatic reduction in landfills, and we expect
2009 and 2010 will be very active for competitive bids in the UK and Ireland. In addition, we are developing two merchant EfW facilities in the UK.
Asia-Pacific—We relocated our Asia-Pacific headquarters to Shanghai, China to better focus on developing EfW projects in a country with significant growth prospects. Our strategy in this region is to work with local partners that share our vision and complement our strengths. In that spirit, our Sangfeng/Covanta joint venture won its first competitively bid project in China—the
      2008 ANNUAL REPORT · 11
2006 2007 2008
$318,989 $363,591
$402,607

 600,000 tonne-per-year EfW facility in Chengdu, Sichuan Province. We expect to begin construction in 2009 and begin operations in 2011. Further, we recently signed an agreement to acquire a majority ownership stake in the new 400,000 tonne-per-year Fuzhou, Fujian Province EfW facility.
The roAd AheAd
We know that energy, the environment and the economy will continue to dominate the public agenda around the globe. Because Energy-from-Waste offers a valuable contribution to solving each of those challenges, we see the prospect for beneficial new policies and for making significant progress on our key growth initiatives. With the number one market share in the United States, a growing presence in Europe and Asia, and an esteemed reputation for operational excellence throughout the industry, we are well-positioned to excel in this new and exciting marketplace. The compelling need to find and implement sustainable solutions has everyone at Covanta energized. We are grateful for the support we receive from municipal officials and policy makers who are advancing their communities to the forefront of sustainable waste management and renewable energy. And, we appreciate all of the hard working men and women of Covanta—it is their skill, ingenuity and commitment that makes Covanta an extraordinary company. Their teamwork and passion enable us to proceed with confidence down the road that lies ahead.
SaMuEl ZEll anThOny J. ORlandO
Chairman of the Board of Directors President and Chief Executive Officer
    12 · COVANTA HOLDING CORPORATION
