dear shareholders: this annual report marks the close of an amazing decade in Covanta’s history—one full of realized dreams, remarkable accomplishments, and rapid growth. But more importantly, as a new decade dawns, Covanta is poised to begin an even more exciting era.
We have always believed that creating Energy-from- Waste (EfW) is universally valuable, that we are the
best in this business, and that our long-term strategy for growth is sound. Nothing tests the soundness of these assertions quite like the volatile economic and political environment of the past few years. Bolstered by the stability of our base business and propelled by the judgment and dedication of our people, we fought against stiff economic headwinds to provide reliable service for our clients and solid financial results for our shareholders. And, far more than holding our own, we made significant progress on a number of fronts: we strengthened our balance sheet, deployed new technologies, completed strategic acquisitions, broke ground on new EfW capacity and gained traction on a robust growth pipeline—a pipeline that will propel us well into the next decade.
Today EfW is widely recognized as carbon negative,
a source of renewable energy and a means of waste disposal that is far superior to landfilling once the
three R’s of reduce, reuse and recycle have been applied.
Policies in Europe are fostering growth, and support for similar policies is gaining traction in the United States. By way of telling our story, this year’s annual report explores all the things that trash can do. This theme captures the optimism and “can-do” spirit that drives Covanta on a daily basis.
2009: A Year of Progress
and Promise
Growth and Development
The pursuit of growth above and beyond organic growth in our base business can be categorized one of three ways: development projects, acquisitions, and expansions. 2009 saw robust activity on all three fronts.
Europe currently represents our most vibrant growth market. The EU Landfill Directive, adopted “to prevent or reduce the negative effects on the environment from the landfilling of waste”, 1 mandates a 65% reduction
of landfilling of biodegradable waste by the year 2020.
14

 How Energy-from-Waste Works: Municipal waste is delivered to our facilities and transferred to a combustion chamber where self sustainable combustion is maintained at extremely high temperatures. The heat from that process boils water to create steam which is either sold as is or, in most cases, used to drive a turbine, generating the electricity we sell. Ash is processed to extract metal for recycling. All gases are collected, filtered and cleaned before being emitted into the atmosphere.
           Recognizing the deleterious environmental effect of landfills—in particular the release of methane, a greenhouse gas at least 20 times more potent than CO2—many
EU countries have levied significant landfill taxes to send an unmistakable signal that recycling and EfW in combination constitute a preferred approach to waste management and an important component in the battle against climate change. The United Kingdom (UK) alone estimates that the utilization of EfW will increase from 9% to 27% by 2020, requiring an additional 10 million tons of EfW capacity.2
Covanta has made a significant investment of financial and human capital in Europe and the UK, and has made its mark as a serious participant in this EfW market. In December of 2009, we broke ground on a new facility in Dublin, Ireland with a capacity of up to 600,000 tonnes per year. This €350 million project being under- taken in partnership with the Dublin City Council (DCC) is scheduled to come on line in 2013 and will be owned, operated, and maintained by Covanta under a 25-year contract with DCC. By handling post-recycled waste, this facility perfectly complements Dublin’s recycling efforts and serves as a key component of an environmentally and economically sustainable waste management program. In short, it will be our marquee project in Europe, further establishing Covanta as the premier developer, builder, and operator of Energy- from-Waste facilities.
We are also making good progress in the UK—pursuing both municipally sponsored competitive bids and merchant development projects. After years of ground work, we’ve advanced to the final round of several competitive public procurements, with additional bids in earlier phases. Most of these will be decided in the next two years with the outcome shaping the EfW industry in the UK for decades. Our development work also continues on a few exciting merchant opportunities in the UK, where we are working outside of the municipal bid process to pursue private sector opportunities.
In North America we acquired Veolia’s EfW business, expanding our operating base by 25%, adding seven EfW facilities, one transfer station, and more than 400 highly qualified and energized employees. This $450 million transaction further cemented our global leadership in Energy-from-Waste.
Additional acquisitions last year included two transfer stations in Philadelphia and a minority stake in an EfW facility in Detroit. We have also been selected as the win- ning bidder on a greenfield EfW project outside of Toronto.
On the expansion front, we celebrated the completion of the $100+ million expansion of the Hillsborough County, Florida facility in October. We are particularly proud of the new, low-nitrous oxide (NOx) technology we installed in that facility, which continues our tradition as an industry pioneer in the push towards lower emis- sions. In December, we broke ground on the expansion of
1 The Council Directive 99/31/EC of 26 April 1999. http://www.defra.gov.uk/environment/waste/strategy/legislation/landfill/index.htm
2 Louise Gray, The Telegraph, January 28, 2009. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/earth/environment/4374794/Energy-from-waste-could-provide-a-fifth-of-the-UKs-electricity-needs.html
15

 “Our EU energy commitments for 2020 become more realistic and achievable if more of the UK’s ‘waste’ is used as fuel resource in EfW plants, which can be designed to
produce electricity, heat and/or transport fuels.”
“Energy from Waste—A Wasted Opportunity” Institution of Mechanical Engineers, November 2008
our H-POWER facility in Hawaii. This $300+ million expan- sion is being funded by our client, the City and County of Honolulu. When complete, our tenure as facility operator will be extended for 20 years and the community will own an amazing asset that uses garbage to produce 6% of the electricity needed to power the island of Oahu.
In China we began our first two construction projects—an 1,800 tonne-per-day facility in Chengdu, Sichuan Province
and a 350 tonne-per-day facility in Taixing, Jiangsu Province. Our disciplined approach to identifying and pursuing sound, long-term partnerships in the Asian market also continues.
Policy Update
Support for boosting renewable energy production gained ground in the past year and Energy-from-Waste has been clearly identified as part of the solution in combination with high levels of recycling. The World Economic Forum recommends EfW as one of the
ten large-scale technologies to reduce greenhouse
gas emissions3 and the U.S. Council of Mayors also endorses EfW. In June 2009, the landmark Waxman- Markey bill (the American Clean Energy and Security Act) passed in the U.S. House of Representatives. This ambitious legislation addresses renewable energy and climate change, recognizes EfW for its environmental benefits as renewable energy, and exempts EfW from cap and trade provisions as a net reducer of green- house gas. Senator Bingaman’s energy bill also defines EfW as renewable, and Senator Boxer’s climate bill also
exempts EfW from carbon caps for the same reason. There is optimism now in many circles that renewable energy legislation will be passed by Congress this year. And, while climate change policy may or may not pass at the same time, we continue actively advocating for EfW to be recognized as part of the solution. In fact, Covanta made a compelling presentation in Copenhagen
regarding the potential greenhouse gas reduction benefits of widespread adoption of comprehensive waste management policies, supporting recycling, EfW, and less landfilling. The potential benefit is enormous—on the order of magnitude of one gigaton of carbon reduction—the equivalent of shutting down nearly 1,000 large coal fired power plants.
A drastic reduction in landfill usage is low hanging fruit in the fight against climate change and ought to be pursued aggressively.
Extending Our Long-Term Client Partnerships
The foundation of our business is creating mutually beneficial relationships with the municipal clients we serve. We measure our relationships in decades—for example we were originally awarded an operating contract by Hillsborough County Florida in 1984 and they recently extended our contract to 2027. We are enormously gratified that every client that has come to the end of its initial long-term contract—14 in all—has chosen to extend its relationship with us. This outstanding achievement is a tribute to the performance of our
3 Green Investing 2010: Policy Mechanisms to Bridge the Financing Gap, was published by the World Economic Forum in January, 2010.
16

 Renewable Energy Land Footprint Measured in acres, EfW is one of the most efficient uses of land per megawatt (acres/MW) among current renewable energy solutions. Covanta’s facilities require an average of .7 acres/MW of electricity compared with 8 acres/MW for solar, 18 acres/MW for wind, and 27 acres/MW for landfill gas
to energy based on average capacity over 30 years.
Covanta Energy-from-Waste Solar Power
Wind Power
Landfill gas to energy
people, our plants, and to the vision of the municipalities that we serve.
As we extend these contracts we are adjusting to our clients’ desires and market realities, including the end of an era in the U.S. marked by long-term fixed-price electricity sales contracts. These contracts are being replaced by a liquid market with power offtakers and short-term market participants. We are managing this increased energy market exposure, utilizing an arsenal of operational, contractual and regulatory tools available to obtain the best mix of price and predictability. We continue to believe the energy markets hold far more upside than downside for Covanta and we expect energy prices
will increase faster than inflation over the long-term.
Financial Performance
The recession made 2009 a very challenging year—our revenues, at $1.6 billion, declined 7%—and yet, at $345 million, our Free Cash Flow generation4 has never been higher. This is the metric on which we rely most heavily as an indicator of our liquidity and overall perfor- mance. Given that we experienced a dramatic pullback in energy and recycled metal prices, as well as a small drop in waste disposal pricing, this achievement is a testament to the strength and resiliency of our business.
We reinvested all of this cash—and more—back into the business. Specifically, we deployed over $300 million acquiring strategic assets, began to fund construction
4 Non-GAAP Financial Measure. Please see reconciliation on page 21.
in Dublin and invested in R&D activities. In addition we paid down $190 million in debt, thereby strength- ening our balance sheet.
Looking Ahead
We are in an enviable position; leading an industry that will help address three of the planet’s most pressing problems: environment, energy and the economy—and we have the financial strength and expertise to capitalize on this position to create shareholder value. Over the next five years, we will continue paying down existing project debt to strengthen our balance sheet, after which we will still generate approximately $200 million per year in cash for investment in a robust EfW devel- opment pipeline. This investment can be leveraged with project debt to achieve attractive returns on $2 to $3 billion in capital projects.
We’re excited about our EfW development prospects. We also appreciate the time consuming and complex nature of the process which requires various permits and third party approvals. By its nature, this calls for patience, care, and communication to help establish what we hope will be a long and fruitful relationship. When successful, it opens the door for substantial investment that will benefit our client communities and add material value for our shareholders. This development effort, coupled with opportunistic acquisitions and our Clean World Initiative, represent the steps we are taking now to lay the foundation for our long-term success.
17

  Parallel Initiatives
To grow our business, we must also continually work to be better: better operators and better corporate citizens. 2009 saw progress on those fronts as well.
Safety & Health
Our number one resource at Covanta is our people. Recognizing that, we have always held safety as one of our core values. We were early adopters of various worker protection programs and in October of 2009, we introduced a new program we call STEP-UP, which stands for Safety Today and Everyday is Paramount— Unleash the Power. We are rolling out STEP-UP across our entire platform as an investment in our people and our business, and our goal is to have the most advanced safety culture anywhere.
Our commitment to the OSHA Voluntary Protection Program (VPP) continues unabated, and in 2009 we added five facilities to close out the year at 32. Our goal is to have all of our domestic facilities obtain the coveted VPP Star.
The Environment
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) considers Energy-from-Waste to be a “clean, reliable, renewable source of energy”. 5 Year in and year out, our EfW facilities collectively operate for hundreds of thousands of hours, achieving environmental compliance at a rate of 99.9%. Some may view this as a job well done, but when we look at that figure, we see room for improvement. To our way
5 Energy Recovery Council, http://www.wte.org/userfiles/file/epaletter.pdf
of thinking, nothing short of total compliance is acceptable and we don’t stop there; we’re continuously working to further reduce our environmental footprint.
Central to our environmental efforts is our Clean World Initiative (CWI). Established in late 2007, CWI is moving our company beyond compliance toward a more ambi- tious role of steadily reducing the environmental impact of our company and our industry. Our EfW facilities routinely achieve emission levels 60% to 70% below the established requirements of the U.S. EPA. Covanta has set a new industry standard for low NOx emissions with our LNTM technology, which has been installed at several facilities to successfully cut those emissions
in half. Accomplishments of this magnitude serve to inspire us rather than satisfy us. We continue to explore further reduction of NOx and other emissions, and are in pursuit of entirely new innovations, such as turning waste into diesel fuel. It is in our nature to be intellec- tually curious about the possibility of building a better EfW mousetrap—and it serves our customers and shareholders as well.
In addition to its technology focus, CWI has an exciting grassroots component. An example is our collaborative Fishing for Energy program. Since its inception in 2008, Fishing for Energy has collected more than half a million pounds of sunken or derelict fishing gear in waters off the U.S. coasts. Approximately two-thirds of this gear was converted to clean energy using EfW, with the remaining third going to a scrap metal recycling partner. Another
18
Renewable and Reliable Energy EfW is clearly one of the most reliable renewable energy sources. Wind and solar are intermittent, producing only when the wind blows or the sun shines. EfW produces 24/7, offsetting the need for baseload coal fired power plants which typically operate around the clock.
Energy-from-Waste (Above 90%)
Wind Power (25–40%)
Solar Power (14–24%)
Percentages represent capacity factor (actual power produced/maximum power at nameplate).
                                             
 “There’s been a real evolution in the optimal strategy of dealing with trash over the last several decades.
The modern incinerators are much cleaner than they’ve been in the past and have remarkable ability to generate energy.”
Daniel Esty, co-author of the book “Green to Gold” and former adviser to President Obama on environmental policy, as quoted in the article “Trash-burning plant due for green upgrade,” The Record-Journal, October 31, 2009.
example of our grass-roots activity is our mercury recycling program, which we run in conjunction with many of our clients. In the past year, our mercury recovery program prevented over 500 pounds of mercury from entering the waste stream by collecting and recycling elemental mercury and thousands of thermostats and thermometers. We are also involved in a number of climate change and sustainability initiatives, ranging from our early participation in voluntary emissions reporting, advocacy for a national bottle bill with the Container Recycling Institute, and work with the Product Stewardship Institute to reduce the health and environmental impacts of consumer products. Collectively, we believe that all of our Clean World Initiative pursuits are tied together by one common objective: to improve ourselves and our industry through sustainable practices—and ultimately contribute to a cleaner world.
Community
Though we cast our ambitions across a global spectrum, it is at the local level where we build and maintain the relationships that contribute to our success. Individual facilities conduct their own outreach endeavors, routinely offering educational facility tours, participating in community cleaning and greening activities, supporting local recycling programs, and participating in community boards, fund- raisers, and other local community events. We know that fostering relationships at this level is the right thing to do and we are happy to give back in those places where our employees live and work. And, at the corporate level, we work on nurturing strategic partnerships with
national environmental organizations such as the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and The Nature Conservancy, as we collectively fight to improve and protect the environment.
Looking Ahead
When you add it all up, it’s pretty amazing what trash can do when you have a vision and the expertise to achieve it. As the EfW industry leader, Covanta has the know-how, technical depth and financial wherewithal to improve the environment, generate renewable energy and build the economy. And our “can-do” attitude drives us every day as we work to make our world cleaner and to realize our vision of a society in which waste is not wasted.
    Samuel Zell
Chairman of the Board of Directors
Anthony J. Orlando
President & Chief Executive Officer
19
