COVANTA HOLDING CORPORATION – 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
| 1
    RECOVERING AND RECYCLING 500,000 TONS OF VALUABLE METALS
TO OUR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
Covanta’s core business remained strong in 2015, and for most of the year, we had tailwinds of positive waste volumes and pricing. We made continued progress on finding new ways to create value from our existing operations, and we continued down our path toward growth. We launched and expanded our Covanta Environmental Solutions business, completed construction of our Durham-York facility, made significant progress in building our Dublin EfW facility, ramped-up our New York City service, and had the kickoff of our Continuous Improvement initiatives using Lean Six Sigma expertise. Even as commodity markets remained challenging in 2015, we reinforced our commitment to establishing sustainable waste management options for
the communities we serve, and to creating additional shareholder value.
PROVIDING WASTE MANAGEMENT SOLUTIONS
Our facilities serve the waste disposal needs of approximately 20 million people, and over 80 percent
DUBLIN, IRELAND
REDUCING 18.2M METRIC TONS OF METHANE GAS EMISSIONS
 of our waste revenue is generated under long-term contractual arrangements, primarily with municipal clients.
We executed several important contract renewals with our municipal and commercial clients in 2015. We obtained 20-year extensions of the service fee agreements with clients at our York, Pennsylvania, and Onondaga,
New York, facilities. We also reached an agreement to extend our contract with the City of Long Beach, California, by five years to 2024. In early 2016, we assumed full control of our facility in Fairfax, Virginia, giving us additional flexibility in this key market.
We continued almost a decade of annual profiled waste growth in 2015, with year-over-year growth of about
24 percent. Covanta Environmental Solutions services include sustainable material management, field and site services as well as transportation services. We continue to steadily increase this high-margin business, with a
  We are currently constructing a 600,000-metric-ton-per-year, 58-net-megawatt EfW facility in Dublin. This will be a state-of-the-art facility, which will provide the region with a long-term sustainable and environmentally superior waste management solution. The facility will divert post-recycled waste from landfills and allow the region to become locally self-sufficient in managing waste and meeting EU regulations. The facility is scheduled to commence commercial operations by the end of 2017.
 
2 | COVANTA HOLDING CORPORATION – 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
  FOR EVERY TON OF WASTE PROCESSED AT AN EFW FACILITY, THE U.S. AVOIDS THE NEED TO IMPORT ONE BARREL OF OIL OR MINE ONE-QUARTER TON OF COAL
OUR FACILITIES SERVE THE WASTE DISPOSAL NEEDS OF APPROXIMATELY 20 MILLION PEOPLE
           series of acquisitions giving us an established waste services presence and facilities in the Mid-Atlantic, South and Mid-West regions. Given the potential tuck-in M&A opportunities that we see in the market and our organic growth projections for this business, our expectation is that the Environmental Solutions group could grow to be an approximately $300 million revenue business by 2020.
GENERATING CLEAN, RENEWABLE ENERGY
Our facilities convert approximately 20 million tons of waste, enough to power one million homes every year
in addition to powering our facilities. The renewable aspect of this energy is extremely compelling. Through energy generation, we offset the need for more than
20 million barrels of oil or five million tons of coal every year. Our facilities provide baseload, 24/7 renewable power – a rarity in the renewable world. We sell steam directly to a number of municipalities and industrial end users. With a growing number of organizations focused on renewable goals, we expect to find opportunities on the electricity side, helping to offset the impact of lower commodity prices in certain markets.
RECYCLING VALUABLE METALS
The ferrous and non-ferrous metals recovered by our EfW facilities contribute directly to our community recycling rates. Our North American facilities collect approximately 500,000 tons of metal for recycling annually. This year, we established a regional ferrous metal processing facility in Pennsylvania, with design capacity for up to 12,000 tons per month. This is an impressive system that now cleans and sorts approximately 25 percent of the gross ferrous metal that Covanta recovers, and creates a cleaner, more attractive product for the market, commanding a higher price. This facility also has port access, which provides us with the ability to ship metal directly to overseas buyers.
We made our first shipment in the first quarter of 2016.
We continue to explore opportunities to create similar ferrous processing facilities and add non-ferrous processing capabilities in the markets we serve.
PROTECTING OUR ENVIRONMENT
Environmental protection is embedded in Covanta’s culture. For every ton of municipal solid waste processed at our EfW facilities, greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions are reduced by approximately one ton. The reduction in
  NEW YORK, NY
We provide New York City with an environmentally superior alternative to landfilling by transporting waste in sealed containers using a multimodal approach, including barges and railcars, and disposal at our Niagara and Delaware Valley EfW facilities.
 
EFW COMPLEMENTS LOCAL RECYCLING EFFORTS WITH SOME COMMUNITIES REACHING RECYCLING RATES THAT EXCEED 50%
GHGs is due to the avoidance of methane from landfills, greenhouse gases from fossil fuel-based power production, long-haul trucking of waste to landfills, and the recovery
of metals from recycling compared with energy-intensive mining of metals.
We have a very strong track record on environmental performance and continue to work to improve our already best-in-class emissions profile, investing in upgrades to improve our emission control systems at several facilities. We began commercial operations in January 2016 at
our Durham-York facility in Canada, one of the most technologically advanced EfW systems in the world. Our most recent Sustainability Report, which can be found at http://covanta-csr.com, has additional information on our sustainability attributes and performance metrics.
FOCUSING ON CONTINUED PROGRESS
Our strong internal team and solid client partnerships position us for growth when commodity markets rebound. In the meantime, we continue to steward Covanta toward creating maximum shareholder value through capital return via our dividends and reinvestment in the business.
OUR FACILITIES CONVERT APPROXIMATELY 20 MILLION TONS OF WASTE INTO POWER FOR ONE MILLION HOMES EVERY YEAR
We continue to pursue opportunities to grow in international markets where policies are supportive of
new EfW facilities as a tool to more sustainably manage waste and reduce GHG emissions. Our EfW facility in Dublin, Ireland, is now more than halfway complete and
is expected to begin commercial operations in late 2017. This will be a showcase facility in a new geography. In the meantime, we will continue to focus on maximizing our existing operations through organic growth, growing market share through targeted acquisitions and projects that complement our existing business – all of which is highly focused on creating shareholder value.
We look forward to the year ahead and wish you well.
COVANTA HOLDING CORPORATION – 2015 ANNUAL REPORT | 3
      COVANTA ENVIRONMENTAL SOLUTIONS
Samuel Zell
Chairman of the Board of Directors
Stephen J. Jones
President & Chief Executive Officer
  Our Environmental Solutions business includes a network of material processing facilities that support our core business, allowing us to obtain increased profiled waste volumes while offering our customers expanded environmental services.
Our expanded services include on-site and field services, liquid waste management, material bulking, solidification, depackaging of items such as pharmaceuticals, consumer health and beauty products, manufacturing and industrial waste,
as well as full scale transportation services.
 