 Dear Shareholders: Stability, growth, opti use these words given the current econo how we describe our performance and ou
10
Performance
In 2011, we executed on our plan and achieved our goals of continuing growth and maximizing shareholder value. Year-over-year, Revenue increased 4%, Adjusted EBITDA grew 5% and Adjusted EPS was up 24%. Through a disciplined approach to capital allocation, we returned $272 million to shareholders in 2011. We established a regular cash dividend of $0.30 per share annually, and repurchased $230 million of stock.
We achieved this strong performance through hard work, focusing on our client relation- ships and executing on organic growth opportunities.
People
Our solid financial performance is a result of our best-in-class team, which is second to none. We are continually finding innovative ways to improve the business and add value. In 2011, we recorded our best-ever safety and environmental performance. We operated at levels far better than our mandated emissions limits on all fronts and are continually looking at new technologies and advancements to drive further progress.
Our team successfully operated through a number of natural disasters–hurricanes, earthquakes, tornados and unexpected storms–during the past year, providing uninter- rupted baseload power to the areas around our facilities.
We recognize that our employees live and work in the neighborhoods in which we operate, and we continue to develop programs to protect the health and well-being of community residents and the environment. One example is our Rx4Safety program, where we collect medications at community-sponsored drug take-back programs and provide safe, free, assured destruction at our Energy-from-Waste (EfW) facilities.
To date, we have destroyed more than 200,000 pounds of unwanted medications, preventing these drugs from falling into the wrong hands or the chemicals they contain from polluting water resources. Giving back to our communities is a key element of our business model and helps cement the strong bonds that we enjoy with our employees and clients.
m m

 ism–it’s rare to hear business leaders ic environment. But at Covanta, this is
r outlook.
Further, we created numerous jobs in our client communities by expanding our business portfolio in the past year. The correlation between Covanta growth and job creation provides further evidence that there are exponential economic benefits created by sustainable waste management and renewable energy generation. For example, our Honolulu expansion peaked at 300 workers during the year. When this project is finished in 2012, we’ll hire
more permanent employees and the facility will produce over 6% of Oahu’s electricity, a sus- tainable solution that supports local businesses by reducing the island’s dependence
on imported oil.
Energy
During the year, we saw a dramatic shift in energy pricing across the nation due to increased natural gas production and a mild winter. Fortunately, we have a great deal of stability in our business as 75% of our energy revenue in 2012 is either hedged or under fixed-price contract. Of course that means we still have 25% exposed to market, and while this creates challenges, it also presents opportunities. For example, we are converting some of our oil-fired auxiliary burners to natural gas and we are installing a natural gas fueling station at our Essex County facility in New Jersey. Both projects are investments in our future that enhance our competitive position.
Organic Growth
Our organic growth strategy rests on three key pillars: improving metal recovery, growing our special waste business and using technology to enhance efficiencies.
In 2011, we increased our metals revenue by 35% to $74 million due to improved pricing and volume increases. During the year, Covanta’s 41 EfW facilities in North America recycled over 400,000 tons of ferrous and over 15,000 tons of non-ferrous metal. That’s the equivalent amount of steel in five Golden Gate Bridges and the amount of aluminum
in over one billion aluminum beverage cans. To continue this growth, we plan to add new
11
m m
u

      100% 90% 80% 70%
Stability
Boiler Availability
2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011
Growth
Adjusted EBITDA ($ in millions) 4% CAGR
2009 2010 2011
  12
and upgraded ferrous and non-ferrous recovery systems throughout the coming years. These are relatively modest investments with very attractive payback. We are already enjoying the results at our Dade facility in Florida, where our recently acquired shredder contributed nicely to our metal revenue growth in 2011.
Special waste, another key component of our organic growth strategy, replaces lower- priced spot waste and is becoming an increasingly important revenue stream
for us. While we’ve been growing this business for several years, we still have a lot of runway with enhanced customer offerings through our Covanta 4Recovery business, which provides waste procurement and logistics, environmental services, metals recycling, e-waste recycling, and energy recovery initiatives. This group will play a critical role in our special waste initiative, which consists of three primary offerings for our customers: sustainable solutions, specialty services and assured destruction.
The third component of our organic growth plan is performance improvements. We are applying new technologies to continually reduce costs and increase productivity. For example, we developed a new ash conditioning system to improve metal recovery and lower our ash disposal costs. This benefits both sides of the Income Statement. We’re also using innovation in terms of maintenance techniques and process automation to drive down costs.
Outlook
Going forward, we are confident about Covanta’s future. We have a solid core business and a number of opportunities that could be significant drivers of additional growth. We are increasingly optimistic about the progressive energy policies being put in place throughout the world, particularly in Europe, Asia and Canada. This bodes well for EfW as an industry, and for Covanta as a world leader in the space. Furthermore,
we are working to commercialize new technologies that, if successful, could accelerate
$454 $470
$492

 Optimism
   Metal Recovery
In 2011, Covanta’s 41 EfW facilities in North America recycled over 400,000 tons of ferrous and over 15,000 tons of non-ferrous metal. That’s the equivalent amount of steel in five Golden Gate Bridges and the amount of aluminum in over one billion aluminum beverage cans.
Safety Today and Every day is Paramount–Unleash the Power!
                 our development potential. Finally, while not likely in the near-term, we believe that some form of new energy and waste policies in the U.S., one of the world’s largest producers
of waste and users of energy, will be necessary. We continue to advocate for U.S. policies that discourage burying waste in the ground and burning fossil fuels, and that promote generating clean energy-from-waste.
Conclusion
We are proud of our performance in 2011 and look forward to the work ahead. We thank all of our clients; it is our privilege to serve you and we will continue working hard to earn your trust. We also thank the entire Covanta team for staying focused on safety, client service, continuous improvement, innovation and execution. With your dedication, we will continue to prosper in the years ahead. And finally, we thank our shareholders for your continued support; we see a bright future for Covanta and we are committed to creating value for you by serving our clients.
SAMUEL ZELL ANTHONY J. ORLANDO
Chairman of the Board of Directors President and Chief Executive Officer
    13
