 LETTER FROM THE CEO & CHAIRMAN
  TO OUR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
 As we look back, 2014 will be recorded as a year of important strategic accomplishments. Our team has demonstrated exceptional focus in delivering a solid year—operationally and financially—against the high expectations we had set for ourselves. As a result, we have made enormous progress in positioning Covanta for long-term growth and a bright future.
2015 NEW CLIENT ACTIVITIES
Literally years in the making, our agreement to build, own and operate a new 600,000 metric-ton-per-year Energy-from-Waste (“EfW”) facility in Dublin, Ireland, was a signature achievement. Construction is now well underway on this €500 million project, which represents a 45-year partnership with the City of Dublin to provide a long-term, sustainable and environmentally superior waste management solution. The agreement also reinforces Covanta’s commitment to being a world leader in generating clean energy from waste. The plant will be world-class in all respects, and should be operational in late 2017.
We are slated to begin service for New York City in March 2015, taking waste via barge from the marine transfer station in Queens. We spent a significant portion of 2014 preparing for this 20-year partnership, taking delivery of railcars, barges, containers and other intermodal equipment.
We also put the finishing touches on the construction of the Durham York Energy Centre, the first large-scale commercial EfW project in North America in over 15 years, which began processing waste in the first quarter of 2015.
In December, following a competitive bidding process, we signed a 10-year contract to operate the EfW facility in the municipality of Pinellas County, Florida. This is a 3,150 ton-per-day facility—one of the largest in our fleet—where our expertise is already being leveraged to maximize efficiency and improve operations.
CONTRACT RENEWALS, EXTENSIONS AND EXPANSIONS
We renewed contracts with a number of municipal and commercial clients in 2014. Among them was a 5-year deal for two thirds of the processing capacity at our Fairfax, Virginia, facility. This operation will convert from a service-fee facility to a tip-fee facility in early 2016, increasing our annual energy share by approximately 500,000 megawatt hours. We also signed service-fee agreement extensions with clients at our York and Onondaga facilities to continue operations through 2020 and 2035, respectively. In addition, we signed municipal and commercial tip-fee contracts for over 2.5 million tons of waste per year with an average 5-year term, which secured our highly contracted revenue stream.
We completed a 10-year extension with our Indianapolis client and began development of an Advanced Recycling Center adjacent to the Covanta Indianapolis EfW facility. The Center is designed to efficiently recover recyclables from mixed municipal solid waste, and will increase the city’s recycling volume by 500%.
We also completed installation of the gas-fired boiler at our Niagara Falls, New York, facility, which will provide steam to enable a new client to run its state-of-the-art packaging mill.
COST SAVINGS INITIATIVES
In June, we implemented several cost savings initiatives, which are expected to deliver $30 million in Adjusted EBITDA benefit in 2015 and beyond. With Covanta’s culture of continuous improvement, we expect to capture additional efficiencies in the coming year.
PROGRESS UNDER OUR CLEAN WORLD INITIATIVE
In partnership with community-focused organizations, Covanta manages “take-back mercury” programs across the country. In 2014, this program celebrated the milestone of preventing over one ton of mercury from entering the waste stream.
Our Clean World Initiative achieved annual energy savings of nearly 30,000 megawatt hours per year as a result of its energy efficiency efforts.
We continued to focus on improving our metal recovery, exceeding our metals sustainability run rate goal of recovering 490,000 tons per year. We also started implementing emission control system upgrades at our Essex County, New Jersey, facility, work which will continue through 2016.
SHAREHOLDER RETURNS
In 2014, we twice announced increases to our dividend, now set at $1.00 per share on an annualized basis; more than a 50% increase from 2013. We remain committed to returning capital to shareholders, and hope to continue to grow our dividend over time. We also maintain our quest for strategic growth opportunities. Our ability to invest in the business while providing a meaningful dividend is a tes- tament to the stability of our business and our confidence in the strength of Covanta’s free cash flow.
A NOTE OF THANKS
At Covanta, our people are our greatest asset. With the best team in the busi- ness, irreplaceable infrastructure and long-standing relationships with clients that are focused on reducing their dependence on landfills, we are uniquely positioned to deliver on our commitment to provide sustainable waste and energy solutions while maximizing shareholder value.
In closing, we would like to thank Tony Orlando for his years of dedication and expertise in stewarding Covanta to its current success. His leadership has created a sound foundation from which we can enhance our capabilities and realize our fullest potential going forward. Our team, under Steve’s leadership, will be focused on growth opportunities, both at home and abroad, and will be driven in taking Covanta to the next level.
Samuel Zell
Chairman of the Board of Directors
Stephen J. Jones
President and Chief Executive Officer
  