THE MODEL WORKS
DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS,
I am delighted to report the past year was our best ever. Our performance across the board demonstrates that the Coventry model works and is gaining momentum. We grew membership and revenues organically and completed two strategic acquisitions. We managed medical costs to one of the lowest trends in the industry and kept overhead in check while improving service levels. Our proven ability to take local market share from much bigger national competitors, growing both the top and bottom line, positions us for continuing profitable growth.
Milestones of Success
By just about any quantitative measure, 2003 was a record-setting year. Our year-end enrollment of 2.38 million was a 17 percent increase over 2002. This includes 244,000 members added via PersonalCare and Altius, acquisitions that opened new markets. Another 157,000 members joined Coventry’s established plans, achieving an organic growth rate of 7.7 percent, among the best in the industry, and further solidifying our position in our home mar- kets. Revenue growth kept pace with enrollment growth, at 27 percent above 2002. Furthermore, this growth was profitable, with earnings per share up 74 percent. Improvements in standardized medical quality scores, satisfac- tion surveys, claims auto-adjudication rates and call-handling times attest to a foundation of quality, responsive service and efficient use of resources—the keys to sustainable growth. These milestones of success did not go unno- ticed. Investors responded by driving our share price up 122 percent, and the national media ranked Coventry among America’s top performing, best run corporations (see page 11).
Managing for the Long Term
Yet success is never final; it’s just one year’s results. Nonetheless, the sound business model, proven practices and responsible culture we’ve built over the last seven years maximize the likelihood of enduring success. In our busi- ness model, we focus on doing one thing well: operating local health plans. We know which advantages flow from local decision-making and which from centralized management, and our organization extends those advantages. Using proven practices, we “execute on the details,” getting solid results from progressive, data-driven programs such as locally tailored benefits; statistically based action plans for network and medical management; and predic- tive modeling methodologies that deliver the right interventions to the right members at the right time. We nurture a responsible culture, in which understanding and managing costs is a core competency expressed in policies such as internal benchmarks, monthly executive expense reviews, a conservative reserve strategy and balance sheet
 OUR PERFORMANCE ACROSS THE BOARD DEMONSTRATES THAT THE COVENTRY MODEL WORKS AND IS GAINING MOMENTUM.
2

 left to right: Dale B. Wolf, Executive Vice President, CFO and Treasurer • Allen F. Wise, President and CEO • Thomas P. McDonough, Executive Vice President and COO
protection in M&A negotiations. Fiscal responsibility is not a brake on innovation, however. We always manage for the long term—for instance, paying the short-term price for system conversions that will pay off in the long run. Finally, our operational practices and financial controls are consistent year over year because our decisions reflect Coventry’s growth model, not what the competition is doing in particular markets.
Springboard for Profitable Growth
It’s tough to operate health plans these days. Competition is keen as the industry consolidates, provider negotiations are difficult, customers are demanding, regulators are rigorous, and the media are often critical. Demand for services rises even as the economy puts stress on the ability of the private and public sectors to pay. As a leading health insurance carrier, we can’t be content to play “middle man” in the delivery and financing of care. We need to bring more efficiency to the system at lower cost. Fortunately, Coventry is in a great position to meet this challenge. To grow into our fullest potential will take the same strengths that produced our 2003 results and all our achievements to date: diversity in markets, products and customers; focus on the details; low cost structure under tight control; investment in smart, tenacious, results-oriented people. The last of these factors being the most important, I want to thank our 4,000 dedicated employees for making 2003 such a resounding success.
Allen F. Wise
President and Chief Executive Officer
 OUR OPERATIONAL PRACTICES AND FINANCIAL CONTROLS ARE CONSISTENT YEAR OVER YEAR BECAUSE OUR DECISIONS REFLECT COVENTRY’S GROWTH MODEL.
   3
