     LETTER FROM THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
KEEPING OUR PROMISES, 2005
One year ago, having just closed our $1.7 billion purchase of First Health Group, we prom- ised you that the integration of this national benefits administrator would push Coventry to new heights in 2005. We promised strong earnings growth for the company overall, with First Health being immediately accretive to earnings. We promised we would enter new markets, create new products, merge and adapt systems and deploy our resources wisely, making two companies even better as one.
A year later, I am delighted to tell you we made good on these promises in every detail. The health plans grew profitably and we hit the high end of our accretion target for First Health. Operating revenues for the company climbed to a record level of over $6.6 bil- lion, while earnings per share (EPS) increased a full 25 percent from 2004 levels. Our shareholders were the beneficiaries of these strong results, with Coventry’s stock price climbing more than 60 percent during 2005.
We delivered on our operational promises as well. As expected, the health plans once again delivered consistent, profitable growth. The segment ended the year on a high note with three back-to-back quarters of outstanding membership growth, including the enrollment of 39,000 members in the fourth quarter. Driving these record sales were attrac- tive and stable pricing, a broad range of products, and outstanding customer service. 2005 saw continued geographical expansion on two fronts: we added to our existing markets and launched a new health plan market in Oklahoma. We are now selling in 17 markets in 20
29
02
 We achieved 29 consecutive quarters of earnings growth through the focus and discipline of employees who execute our plans every day.
CVH

 states. Supporting these expansions was the introduction of just under 3,000 new base medical products being administered, the most in any year. We also refined our Individual products and doubled our membership in that segment.
Through our acquired fee-based businesses, we enlarged the platform of our company. This created operational flexibility while diversifying the flow of revenue, earnings and free cash. Our Workers’ Compensation and Public Sector/Medicaid businesses are leaders in their respective industries. Each produced strong and consistent operating earnings in 2005 and each improved its cost structure by year end.
Progress also characterized our Federal Employees Health Benefits Program (FEHBP), Corporate Accounts, and Network Rental businesses. In the FEHBP, we solidified and stabilized our competitive position. In Corporate Accounts, we brought in new leader- ship and developed new products, including enhanced consumer-driven offerings. We also made progress on re-contracting the provider network, a major ongoing effort. All three businesses continue to be very profitable.
We also promised that we would look for strategic opportunities that would fur- ther strengthen our position as a national managed health care company. We did just that during 2005 in response to the Medicare Prescription Drug bill. Having successfully bid for nationwide participation in the Medicare Prescription Drug Program (Medicare Part D), our AdvantraRx and First Health Premier products are proving highly successful. Approximately half a million members have enrolled as of February 2006, one month after the product’s launch. There are several reasons for this rapid takeoff. One is cost: we made
   03
 • Record performance in 2005
• Continued success of health plans
• Seamless integration of First Health
• Delivering on our promises
• Well-positioned for continued growth
  CVH
 
     the AdvantraRx plan available in all 50 states at a low price position with no deductible. Another is customer service, always a Coventry differentiator. Finally, we used innovative distribution and administrative partnerships to limit up-front R&D costs and leverage an existing, effective method of distribution. In the fast-moving senior market, products do not sell themselves, so harnessing our cost structure, customer service and distribution advantages was and will remain a strategic necessity.
Finally, as promised, we strengthened our balance sheet following the First Health acquisition. To complete this transaction, we pushed our debt to capital ratio to 34 percent in January. By year‘s end we were able to reduce it to 23 percent, paying off $265 million in bank debt within six months of the deal’s closure. This was not a surprise as we have always assured you, our shareholders, that we will spend your money as if it was our own. This principle promotes both flexibility for growth and conservatism in managing our assets. Flexibility is seen in our accumulation of over $200 million in free cash by year end. Conservatism is seen in our disciplined approach to capital deployment, which is sup- ported by our strong acquisition record. We clearly demonstrated both flexibility and con- servatism in the financing of the First Health acquisition.
LOW COST WINS
One major reason we’ve been able to give and keep our word in so many areas is our across-the-board attention to cost. Low cost is our creed, ingrained at every level, applied to every decision and behind every advantage. Coventry is frequently lauded for its highly competitive SG&A levels, which permit pricing flexibility while allowing us to maintain industry-leading margins. The First Health acquisition is a great example of how we do this. Immediately after the purchase, we deployed our proven management practices, technology, pricing discipline and expertise in medical management to bring the business in line with our
160%
04
 In 2005, Coventry generated over $800 million in cash flow from operations repre- senting 160% of net income. Not only is this a proven indicator of quality earn- ings, it is yet another example of the strong capital position that Coventry has built for future growth opportunities.
CVH

 Membership
(in thousands)
2,383 2,
2,035 1,841
Share Price Appreciation
56% CAGR
59% CAGR
$56.96
$35.39 $28.66
(in dollars)
     ’01 ’02 ’03
$12.90
 $8.87
’01
’02 ’03 ’04 ’05
    59.2% Average annual increase
in share price over 5 years
• Growing company with a proven track record
• Top operating margin in industry
• Balanced and diversified portfolio
• Financially conservative with a disciplined culture • Strong capital structure
RELENTLESS
Net Income
(in millions)
Best margins in the industry. Low cost
10% CAGR
structure. Consistently solid growth
$502
Coventry Health Care. To deliver great
09 2,546
rates in organic membership, revenue,
cash flow from operations, EPS, etc. This is the proven track record of
results year after year requires consis-
for the long haul. $84
’01 ’02 ’03 ’04 ’05
— Shawn Guertin EVP and Chief Financial Officer
tent execution and unwavering finan- cial discipline. Relentless attention to
detail is how Coventry achieves success
’04 ’05
$146
$250
$
337
05
 CVH
                         5

     cost structure. This produced the promised synergies and demonstrated our ability to integrate even very large acquisitions without retreating an inch from our “low cost wins” doctrine.
Living by this doctrine, Coventry has created shareholder value steadily over the last five years, as seen in our:
• 20 percent average annual revenue growth;
• 8 percent average annual membership growth; and • 54 percent average annual increase in EPS.
In response, our stock price has climbed an average of almost 60 percent a year, a more than six-fold increase since 2001. With a track record like that, we can be confident that our dedication to disciplined spending is the advantage that drives sustainable growth in the sometimes unpredictable world of health care financing.
OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE
Coventry’s keen attention to detail produces not only a low cost structure but operational excellence as well. Last year, we delivered exceptional service levels in our claims processing and member services functions, including near-perfect claims payment within 30 days, rapid adoption of e-commerce, and record-low volumes of customer service calls, even as membership continued to grow.
Our service levels for Medicare Part D beneficiaries were equally impressive. Customers now wait less than 30 seconds, on average, to be served while call abandonment rates are below 2 percent. Furthermore, we proactively worked with pharmacies across the country to identify and troubleshoot logistical issues so our members would not experience problems as they began to get their prescriptions filled.
12.0%
06
 Through a disciplined pricing strategy coupled with a low cost structure, Coventry produced an industry-leading operating margin of 12% in 2005.
CVH

               Health Plan SG&A
Per Member Per Month Costs* (in dollars)
3% CAGR
  20
15
10
5
0
$16.51 $16.98 $16.91 $15.50
$17.75
      6
’03 ’04 ’05 *2005 costs exclude Medicare Part D
’01 ’02
    *Health plan SG&A costs exclude: (1) broker commissions; (2) Medicare Part D start-up expenses in 2005; and (3) First Health expenses in 2005. See page 37 for GAAP disclosure of full SG&A expenses.
07
3.4%
Average annual increase in health plan SG&A PMPM costs over 5 years*
• Top-tier cost structure
• Exceptional customer service levels
• Seamless integration process for acquisitions
• Centralized customer service and IT operations • Continually investing in the future
A SYSTEMATIC APPROACH TO EXCELLENCE
We have proven—repeatedly—that pro- viding exceptional service and an industry-best cost structure need not be mutually exclusive objectives. We’ve realized significant reductions in cost due to efficiency, while achieving meaningful gains across a wide variety of performance indicators. We will con- tinue to build upon our demonstrated track record for doing both.
— Harve DeMovick
EVP Customer Service Operations, Chief Information Officer
 CVH
  
     All of these service milestones are the result of Coventry’s hands-on leadership, teams aligned for accountability and a culture of discipline. We operate this way because we recognize great service is a strategic advantage. For our customers, it cements our reputation as a reliable business partner. For our bottom line, it contributes to our industry-leading operating margins and SG&A ratios.
A PLATFORM FOR GROWTH
Granted, we have a “low cost wins” mentality driving shareholder value. Granted, we maintained a strong balance sheet and achieved operational excellence. What does all this mean for 2006 and beyond?
A great deal. Our focus throughout 2005 was making the decisions that would put Coventry in the best possible position to grow, and that is exactly where we are today. All the financial and operational underpinnings necessary for our future success are in place. Continued strong performance company-wide gives us the financial flexibility and the confidence to meet the challenge of further expansion for all our businesses.
In our health plan business, we will build on 2005’s outstanding organic growth momentum, leveraging our national provider network to enter new markets. In the Individual segment, we are currently enrolling over 1,000 members each month. Growth also continues in our six Medicare Advantage markets, where three percent of our member- ship generated over ten percent of our 2005 revenue. With baby boomers entering the senior demographic at an increasing rate, Medicare Advantage offers great potential for both new revenue and earnings. We will continue to position ourselves to take advantage of this opportunity but will do so responsibly, as we have in the past, ensuring that our overall
16
08
 With a top-tier cost structure and industry-best operating margins, Coventry has proven through its successful integration of 16 acquisitions that it knows how to execute.
CVH

                  Health Plan Membership
(in thousands)
2,035 1,841
8% CAGR
  2800
2400
2000
1600
1200
800 400 0
2,509 2,546 2,383
   ’01
’02 ’03 ’04 ’05
    8.4% Average annual increase in
membership over 5 years
• Strong health plan sales momentum
• Well-positioned specialty businesses
• Unprecedented opportunities in Medicare
• New market expansion from existing platform • Individual and consumer-driven products
GROWING BY DELIVERING
As you’ve come to expect, the health plans will continue to contribute to both top-line and bot- tom-line growth. With emerging markets like Medicare Part D and consumer-driven health plans, we’ll also continue to be opportunistic in growing our business. Like all great companies, we’re working on tomorrow today.
— Fran Soistman EVP Health Plan Operations
POSITIONED FOR SUCCESS
2005 was a year characterized by growth in Workers’ Compensation and Public Sector/ Medicaid coupled with uninterrupted earnings from the Corporate Accounts, Network Rental, and FEHBP sectors. We achieved the high end of our performance targets while building strong customer relationships and, as a result, are better positioned for strategic expansion and continued strong earnings growth for the future.
— Tom McDonough President
09
 CVH
  
    CVH
10
  As we build upon the platform established in 2005, we will hold to the principles that ensure our success—winning through low cost, achieving operational excellence, and investing shareholder capital as if it was our own.
earnings targets can be met. Growth prospects also exist in Medicaid as states continue to push for managed care solutions. Given the right opportunity, we will look to expand our foot- print in this market in 2006. And as we have done over the last eight years, we will continue to pursue potential health plan acquisitions that align with Coventry’s agenda for growth.
In Medicare Part D, we foresee sustained growth in 2006 and beyond. Three fac- tors inspire our confidence: (1) attractive price points made possible by our unique data and knowledge of the low-income market (a benefit of being in the Medicaid/Public Sector business); (2) sales and distribution partnerships that enable us to price our products com- petitively; and (3) a cost-effective national network of over 58,000 pharmacies. Together, these advantages are helping to establish Coventry as one of the major players in this excit- ing new arena.
Our Workers’ Compensation and Public Sector/Medicaid businesses are industry leaders with significant growth potential for 2006 and beyond. Producing strong and con- sistent operating earnings, Workers’ Compensation will remain a critical source of cash flow. Workers’ Compensation medical costs are over $30 billion annually and rising, so we see much value in strengthening our position in this market. In Public Sector/Medicaid, we expect to further penetrate existing markets and win new business as states turn to us to deliver managed care administrative services. We will also continue to pursue new M&A opportunities to solidify our specialty managed care and pharmacy management capabili- ties. In fact, our first acquisition in 2006, albeit small, brought enhanced capabilities and new customers to the Public Sector/Medicaid business.

We will continue to improve our product offerings, provider network and cost structure in our FEHBP, Corporate Accounts, and Network Rental businesses. Such improve- ments will help these businesses continue their strong earnings and promote growth in 2007 and beyond. We have continued to stabilize our national Corporate Accounts business under new leadership and a restructured sales organization, setting the stage for growth in 2007. In our Network Rental business, maintaining modest growth and stable cash flows will be the focus of this low cost, high-margin asset.
KEEPING OUR PROMISES, 2006 AND BEYOND
As we build upon the platform established in 2005, we will hold to the principles that ensure our success—winning through low cost, achieving operational excellence, and investing shareholder capital as if it was our own. These doctrines are not abstract goals: they shape the daily actions of our outstanding employees and senior managers—nearly 10,000 dedicated, disciplined individuals providing example after classic example of promises kept. Whether the scale is as vast as a strategic acquisition or as intimate as an emergency drug refill for one Medicare patient, we deliver on our promises. In every way, Coventry provides a model of what can be accomplished when low-cost leadership is com- bined with world-class execution. To our employees who make this possible and to you, our shareholders, I extend my heartfelt thanks.
Dale B. Wolf
Chief Executive Officer
    11
  CVH
