 Letter to Our Shareholders
                             2
While 2008 was a challenging year for our company, our industry, and the economy as a whole, it is reassuring to note that Coventry Health Care continued to grow and has remained profitable, with a stable balance sheet, even in these difficult times. Our company grew revenues by 20 percent and continued to develop innovative products that provide great value to our members while allowing them to enjoy optimal health. The continued growth in our enrollment of individuals, seniors, and small groups is just one indication of what Coventry has to offer.

 more than 4.6 million memberS acroSS all 50 StateS
4,628,000
 At a time when the number of uninsured in our nation has reached record levels, Coventry is doing its part to make high-quality coverage affordable and accessible to more people. Just four years ago, our total membership was 2.5 million. At the end of 2008, it had reached 4.6 million with members in all 50 states.
Delivering a variety of SolutionS
A source of long-term strength for Coventry is the diversity of our products. We understand that there is no silver bullet, no single solution to addressing different needs for health insurance. As a result, Coventry offers a wide variety of products including individual and group, Medicare and Medicaid, Workers’ Compensation Services, and specialty coverage.
We were particularly successful in reaching out to small businesses and helping them find ways to insure their employees. Our small group business coverage grew consistently in a year when commercial membership as a whole faced challenges across the industry. Coventry has shown that by empowering its representatives to work closely with business owners and to acquaint them with the range of options at their disposal, we can design plans that are affordable and that meet the needs of their employees. And by continuing to manage our costs on behalf of our customers, we can ensure that these plans remain affordable.
Our affordable products also struck a respon- sive chord among individuals. Our low-cost structure gives us the ability to design innovative
products that offer an attractive suite of essen- tial benefits at a reasonable cost. And our local presence has helped us fine-tune these plans to meet market preferences and requirements. Not surprisingly, our CoventryOne® plans have been extraordinarily well received. We ended 2008 with 122,000 CoventryOne members, an increase of 31%, and we expect membership to continue to grow.
We also saw strong growth in our Medicare Advantage and Medicare Part D coverage. Our enrollment in Medicare Advantage increased by 97,000 members, and our total Medicare membership exceeded 1 million for the first time in 2008, finishing the year at 1.3 million. These successful programs demonstrate that it is possible to deliver coverage that seniors want at a price they can afford—and control costs. To accomplish this, we rigorously review plan designs, carefully manage medical and administrative costs, and provide members and providers with the latest information about effective treatments. Taken individually, there is nothing exceptional about each of these strategies; rather, their effec- tiveness rests on the discipline with which these strategies are combined and implemented.
 What WorkeD
Achieved more than 15 percent membership growth in our network-based Medicare Advantage products, opening new markets, expanding current geographies, and continuing to grow our network of doctors and hospitals.
3

 2008 revenue groWth of 21% to $11.9 billion
$11.9 billion
 There were, however, two major areas in 2008 in which we fell short of the mark. At Coventry, we pride ourselves on setting premiums that appropriately reflect the costs of the services we cover. Unfortunately, we experienced medical costs that exceeded our estimates in our Medicare Advantage Private Fee-for-Service plans as well as our commercial group business. We have adjusted the commercial pricing on a market- by-market basis to appropriately reflect the value of the coverage we provide going forward. We will also make the appropriate adjustments to the 2010 Medicare Advantage bids, which will be submitted in 2009.
Coventry moved forward decisively in each of our businesses in 2008, increasing our capacity to make affordable, accessible health care a reasonable option for more Americans.
builDing on our StrengthS
Coventry has long prided itself on financial discipline. We have identified the areas that fell short in 2008 and are committed to returning to the level of performance that produced financial successes for the Company over the preceding decade. This will include setting appropriate premium levels and finding new ways to improve efficiency, to ensure that we’re doing everything we can to continue to provide low-cost, high- value solutions for our customers.
This financial discipline is also expressed in our conservative approach to our balance
sheet, an approach that has largely spared us the turmoil that afflicted many other companies in our business and throughout the economy. We manage our investment portfolio prudently and carefully avoided the type of securities that have made the financial headlines. We take
our responsibilities to all our stakeholders very seriously—and this means avoiding unnecessary risk and making prudent investment decisions.
We apply the same type of discipline to achieving operational excellence. Throughout our history of acquisitions we have diligently adhered to a strategy of placing all our health plan businesses on a single IT platform, a relatively unique stance in our industry. Having a single system enables us to reduce paperwork, lower administrative costs, accelerate claims process- ing, and maintain a robust data warehouse. At the same time, we work hard to develop a nuanced understanding of local market dynamics. Our local presence enables us to be responsive to providers, work closely with our brokers, and develop the right product designs for each unique market.
In addition, our emphasis on operational excellence greatly enhances our efforts to provide an easy and simple experience for all
 What WorkeD
Generated consistent membership growth in our individual and small group products, each of which represents a potential solution for the uninsured.
 4

 These are indeed challenging times. While you cannot predict the future, you can certainly prepare for it—and at Coventry, we believe that there is no better preparation than to rededicate our company to the four principles of value that have served us so well for the decade leading up to 2008.
   our customers—members, providers, and employers. Having a single data system abbrevi- ates the process of making information avail- able for customers when they need it. As an example, Coventry’s secure online portal, directprovider.com, offers providers around-the- clock access to members’ ID numbers, claims history, and other information while automat- ing the process of claims adjudication. At the same time, our local presence means that any of our customers can pick up the phone and contact someone in that same market who understands their situation and is determined to help.
Our success in attaining each of these three objectives—achieving financial discipline and operational excellence as well as providing an easy and simple experience—rests on the drive, experience, and character of our employees. Accordingly, we have created an empowering environment for our team members. We encour- age our employees to take the initiative and find solutions—whether it’s developing customized coverage for an employer group, helping a mem- ber manage their medical care more effectively, or working with a provider to secure treatment for a patient—and we hold them accountable for the results.
looking toWarD the future
These are indeed challenging times. While you cannot predict the future, you can certainly prepare for it—and at Coventry, we believe that there is no better preparation than to rededicate our company to the four principles of value that have served us so well for the decade leading up to 2008.
Our adherence to fiscal discipline, opera- tional excellence, an easy and simple experi- ence, and an empowered environment as well as our broad range of products and services accounts for Coventry’s exceptional staying power. We are a secure, value-driven company that is attentive to the needs of our customers. We are a fiscally responsible company with a strong balance sheet and excellent cash flow. And most importantly we are a company intensely focused and motivated to capitalize on all of these attributes and deliver optimal results to our stakeholders.
Sincerely,
Allen F. Wise
Chief Executive Officer
 What WorkeD
A conservative investment policy that ensures ample liquidity to satisfy all policyholder obligations.
 5
