6 CVS CAREMARK
CVS Caremark Corporation posted strong results over the past year, and we moved swiftly to capitalize on the competitive advantage created through the landmark 2007 merger of CVS and Caremark.
Today, we are the nation’s largest pharmacy health care company. With U.S. health care costs expected to reach more than $4 trillion annually over the next decade, we are begin- ning to deliver healthy outcomes for patients and driving down costs in ways that no other company in our industry can.
Here are just a few of the year’s many accomplishments:
• CVS Caremark generated record revenue and earnings, achieved industry-leading same-store sales growth, and continued to gain share across our businesses.
• We introduced our Proactive Pharmacy Care offerings, which are designed to make pharmacy care more accessible and lower overall health care costs for patients and payors.
• Our PBM added more than
90 new clients during our latest selling season, which will gener- ate approximately $7 billion in revenue for us in 2009.
• We completed the acquisition of Longs Drug Stores and its PBM, RxAmerica®, in October 2008 and also opened 317 new or relocated CVS/pharmacy stores.
Although we are not immune
to the recession, we continued
to enjoy strong growth in 2008. Total revenues rose 14.6 percent to $87.5 billion. Driven in part
by record operating margins, net earnings increased 21.8 percent. A number of factors fueled our margin gains, with continued growth in generic drugs leading the way.
Along with our strong free cash flow generation, I’m happy to report that we faced virtually none of the liquidity issues that sent shockwaves across so much of the business landscape
Tom Ryan | Chairman of the Board, President & CEO
 Dear Shareholder:
  
 “CVS Caremark is adding clients across the PBM spectrum – from large- and small-cap companies to government entities and private insurers. We’re achieving this by offering payors and patients everything they have come to expect from a top-rated PBM; however, we’re also offering plan design options and services that no standalone PBM can match.”
in 2008. CVS Caremark has a solid balance sheet and an investment grade credit rating, and we maintain
a commercial paper program currently backed by $4 billion in committed bank facilities.
As noted, the U.S. economy is defi- nitely in a recession and it will likely last throughout 2009. We’ll feel its effect to some degree, with growth in script utilization slowing industry-wide. Lower utilization, layoffs, and job loss will affect our PBM business; however, in a landscape where control of health care spending is urgently needed,
our proven cost-reducing services and the cost-effective care offered through MinuteClinic should prove more valu- able than ever.
Our share price certainly wasn’t immune to the turmoil in the financial markets during the past year, but we still outperformed the broad market averages. Our shares fell 27.7 percent in 2008, compared with the 38.5 percent decline of the S&P 500 Index and the 33.8 percent drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA). Over the past five years, on average CVS Caremark shares returned 10.4 per- cent annually. The S&P 500 and DJIA had negative returns of 2.2 percent and 1.1 percent, respectively, over the same period.
Our Proactive Pharmacy Care Offerings Are Gaining Traction
with PBM Clients
Looking at our PBM business, we’re very pleased with the broad-based enthusiasm among customers for the groundbreaking new products and services we have brought to market. This was reflected in the number of sizable new contracts we won in the latest selling season.
CVS Caremark is adding clients across the PBM spectrum – from large- and small-cap companies to government entities and private insurers. We’re achieving this by offering payors and patients everything they have come to expect from a top-rated PBM; however, we’re also offering plan design options and services that no standalone PBM can match. Through the Proactive Pharmacy Care offerings we began roll- ing out in 2008, we’re giving consumers easier access to their medications and to the counseling they need, whether it is through one of our mail pharmacies or at one of our more than 6,900 stores. By helping patients adhere to their drug therapies, we’re lowering overall health care costs and improving outcomes.
You can read about specific Proactive Pharmacy Care offerings, such as Maintenance Choice and integrated specialty, elsewhere in this report.
Let me note, though, how pleased we are that over 200 clients have already committed to offering Maintenance Choice to their more than 2 million covered lives.
Specialty pharmacy and our Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Plan (PDP) business are also part of our PBM seg- ment. The past year marked our 30th anniversary in specialty pharmacy,
our industry’s fastest-growing sector.
In fact, specialty pharmacy accounts for approximately 20 percent of the money spent on prescription drugs in the United States even though these medications are used by only a small fraction of the population. Payors need help managing these costs and CVS Caremark is the clear category leader. Based on prescriptions we fill or man- age, we have a 27 percent share of the $38 billion specialty market address- able by PBMs and drug retailers. Still, we currently provide specialty services to only 60 percent of our PBM cus- tomers. The ability to cross sell to the remaining 40 percent represents an important opportunity for growth.
Medicare Part D continues to play a key role in ensuring that seniors can afford the prescriptions they need. We’re a major factor in this arena through our SilverScript® and RxAmerica proprietary PDP plan offerings and as a provider
of PBM services to these plans and to PDPs sponsored by others. Through our PDPs and related PBM activities, we expect to cover approximately 1.5 mil- lion lives in 2009.
2008 ANNUAL REPORT 7

 PBM NET REVENUES*
STORE COUNT AT YEAR END
SAME-STORE SALES INCREASE
   (dollars in billions)
43.769
43.349 40.514
*Comparable data
We’re Moving Quickly to Integrate Longs Drug Stores and Improve
Their Performance
In our retail business, I’m delighted to welcome over 20,000 Longs’ colleagues to our company. The Longs acquisition has given us a high-quality network of more than 500 drugstores – primarily
in Central and Northern California and Hawaii – as well as Longs’ RxAmerica PBM. Commercial real estate values in California and Hawaii are among the highest in the country, and it would have taken at least a decade to assem- ble the prime locations we acquired had we instead opted exclusively for organic growth in these markets. We had only a modest presence in Central and Northern California and none in Hawaii. By acquiring Longs, we have become the leader in both markets virtually overnight. In fact, we now have over 800 stores in California, more than any other drugstore chain.
We’ve also begun to integrate RxAmerica – and its 8 million plan participants – with our PBM business. More importantly, our greater pres- ence on the West Coast and in Hawaii plays an important strategic role for our PBM as it pursues new contracts. We can extend our Proactive Pharmacy Care offerings to plan sponsors with active or retired employees living in these markets.
6,923
6,245 6,150
I’ve often said that we don’t acquire stores for growth. Rather, we acquire stores that we can grow. The Longs
deal is no exception. Our existing stores outperform the Longs locations significantly in sales per square foot, gross margins, and other important measures. We intend to leverage our systems, our focus on private label and exclusive brands, our category mix, and the ExtraCare loyalty card to turn good stores into great ones. We recognize that the recession is impacting the California economy, and it may take us a while to accomplish this. When the economy rebounds, though, we will have out- standing, well-run assets in place.
We’ve had a lot of experience in making the most of the opportunities inherent in our acquisitions. Just take a look at the stores we acquired from JCPenney in 2004 and from Albertsons in 2006. We’ve been able to increase their sales per square foot considerably and have realized healthy margin gains as well. Moreover, we still see significant oppor- tunities to improve the profitability of both acquisitions.
4.50%
5.30% 8.20%
We Led the Industry in Same-Store Sales Growth In Both the Pharmacy and Front of the Store
Even as we completed the Longs acquisition, we continued to execute our organic growth strategy at retail. Retail square footage increased by 3.6 percent, in line with our annual target. We opened a total of 317 new or relocated stores. Factoring in closings, organic net unit growth increased by 150 stores.
Our CVS/pharmacy-Retail business
had an outstanding year, with same- store sales rising an industry-leading
4.5 percent. Pharmacy same-store sales increased by 4.8 percent, even with the adoption of new generics. We’re gratified by early consumer response to the Health Savings Pass for prescrip- tion drugs we introduced in November for the uninsured and underinsured. Given the current state of the economy, this is one of the ways in which we can help make health care more affordable for the general public. We are also
in the process of rolling out our new pharmacy system, RxConnectTM, which will reengineer the way pharmacists communicate and fill prescriptions.
                                           8 CVS CAREMARK
06 07 08
06 07 08
06 07 08

 “With strong execution across our businesses, we have good reason to feel optimistic about the future. We expect a number of long-term industry trends to work in our favor as well, including rising use of generic drugs and the aging of the U.S. population.”
Same-store sales in the front of the store increased by 3.6 percent, and
we gained share in 85 percent of our front-store categories. Since non- discretionary items account for the majority of front-end sales, that part
of our business should prove relatively recession-resistant. And given the state of the economy, customers have been more willing to try our private-label and proprietary products. Sales of private- label and CVS-exclusive brands rose faster than in prior years to more than 16 percent of our front-end total at year-end. Much like generics in the pharmacy, these offerings also yield greater margins.
MinuteClinic’s Expanded Offerings Bolster Our Health Care Strategy
As part of our broader health care strategy, we’ve continued to open MinuteClinic locations and expand their range of services. They now include wellness and prevention screenings, and a larger selection of vaccinations. We also launched pilot programs to incorpo- rate MinuteClinic into our PBM offerings. For example, some of our PBM plan participants can now stop in for health assessments at convenient locations.
We’ve noted since MinuteClinic’s acquisition that its competitive price can help us lower costs for health plans and self-insured employers. They have begun to embrace this model, and we’ve been able to contract with more payors as a result. In fact, visits paid for by third parties amounted to more than 70 percent of our total in 2008.
Our expanded health care focus can also be seen in the appointment of Troyen Brennan, M.D., in November 2008 to the newly created role of chief medical officer. Dr. Brennan, a practic- ing physician, former hospital adminis- trator and, most recently, chief medical officer at Aetna, has assumed responsi- bility for MinuteClinic, Accordant Health Care, clinical and medical affairs, and our health care strategy.
Broad Industry Trends Will Contribute to Our Long-Term Performance
With strong execution across our busi- nesses, we have good reason to feel optimistic about the future. We expect a number of long-term industry trends to work in our favor as well, including ris- ing use of generic drugs and the aging of the U.S. population. Well over 60 percent of all drugs dispensed in 2008 across our industry were generics. That figure is likely to rise to 75 percent by 2012 as several blockbuster drugs lose patent protection.
Looking at the U.S. population, approxi- mately 38 million people are 65 or older today. That number is projected to climb to 47 million by 2015, and prescription drug use is expected to rise substantially within this demographic. With leading market positions in California, Florida, and other sun-belt states, we stand to benefit from this trend to a greater extent than most other pharmacy players.
Other changes are likely to unfold in the coming years that should benefit CVS Caremark, patients, and payors alike. Among them, the Obama administra- tion has already begun exploring ways in which health insurance can be broadened to cover a larger portion of the population. The resulting increase in access to prescription drugs would be good for CVS Caremark and good for the country. Legislation paving the way for a biogeneric approval process as well as growth in e-prescribing is also on the horizon. We look forward to working with the new administration on health care reform.
On behalf of the board of directors and CVS Caremark’s 215,000 col- leagues across the country, thank you for your confidence in our company and our vision. We are just beginning to realize the benefits of our broader pharmacy health care mission.
Thomas M. Ryan
Chairman of the Board, President & CEO
 2008 ANNUAL REPORT 9
