  Institute found that not taking medications as prescribed leads to poorer health, more frequent hospitalization, a higher risk of death, and as much as $290 billion annually in increased medical costs across the U.S. health care system. As the health care debate continues, one thing is clear: We all have to find ways to make health care more affordable. CVS Caremark is focusing on adherence to impact the health of our customers and help take costs out of the health care system.
In 2010, we expect adherence rates to be further enhanced when our Consumer Engagement Engine (CEE) goes live across our major channels during the second half of the year. Powered by clinical rules, the CEE will identify opportunities to promote better health outcomes and to achieve costs savings across our unparalleled points of contact.
The marketplace has enthusiastically embraced our innovative Maintenance Choice® offering, which gives eligible plan members access to 90-day mail pricing whether they receive their prescriptions through the mail or choose to pick them up at one of our approximately 7,000 conveniently located retail locations. This offering eliminates the plan member disruption that many payors face when they consider mandatory mail programs for cost savings. Furthermore, clients that switched from a voluntary mail program to Maintenance Choice saw their generic dispensing rates (GDR) improve and achieved savings of up to 6 percent of their pharmacy costs.
THOMAS M. RYAN
Chairman of the Board, President, and Chief Executive Officer
We currently serve 2,200 PBM clients, and more than
480 have signed up for Maintenance Choice to date. That leaves significant upside as more existing and prospective clients begin to appreciate its benefits.
WE ANTICIPATE HIGHER RETENTION LEVELS AND MORE NEW BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES FOR 2011
Obviously, we’ve faced some headwinds as well in our PBM business. We won $11 billion dollars in new PBM revenues over the past two years, but we also lost a similar amount of existing business over this same time-frame as
a result of some unique circumstances affecting a handful of accounts. Client renewals for 2011 are looking strong, though, and I’m confident that retention will return to Caremark’s historically high levels.
On the new business front, we took steps to reposition our sales message to focus first on our industry-leading PBM capabilities. We’re talking to clients about how we are able to lower their costs and improve the plan member experience. That is resonating well during the 2011 selling season, and there are a significant number of large pros- pects out to bid.
With Howard McLure’s retirement, I’m delighted that we were able to hire Per Lofberg as our new PBM president. Per, who joined us in January 2010, brings more than 30 years of experience in the health care and PBM indus- tries. Formerly chairman of Merck-Medco Managed Care LLC, which later became Medco Health Solutions, he
 2009 Annual Report 3

             “We generated approximately $3 billion in free cash flow, dep”loying part of it to complete a $2 billion share repurchase program.
   4
CVS Caremark
most recently served as president and CEO of our strategic partner, Generation Health, Inc. Per is widely respected in the industry, and his expertise, along with his demon- strated ability to execute growth strategies, makes him the perfect person to guide our PBM in this evolving health care environment.
OUR SAME-STORE SALES GROWTH LEADS ALL PHARMACY RETAILERS
Despite the recession, our retail stores put up outstanding numbers. Same-store sales rose 5.0 percent, while pharmacy same-store sales increased 6.9 percent. These results led our industry throughout 2009, and we gained significant market share. Organic growth continued apace as we opened 287 new or relocated stores. Factoring in closings, net unit growth was 102 stores. Today, approximately
75 percent of the U.S. population lives within three miles of a CVS store. Our stores fill nearly one in five prescrip- tions nationwide, and we have the #1 or #2 market share in 14 of the top 15 U.S. drugstore markets.
Our industry-leading customer service and the use of advanced technology, combined with the increasing adoption of Maintenance Choice by PBM clients, all contributed to our pharmacy growth.
In the front of the store, we gained share in 82 percent
of our core categories. Moreover, sales of private-label and CVS-exclusive brands rose faster than they have historically to account for nearly 17 percent of our front-end total. These lower-cost products offer excellent value, which clearly appealed to cost-conscious consumers in the midst of a recession. We, in turn, benefited from the higher margins these products provide compared with national brands. Our private-label program is ambitious, and
we added more than 900 offerings to our shelves
during the year.
The Longs Drugs® stores we acquired in October 2008 were integrated on schedule and are on track to be accretive to earnings in 2010. Profitability is already on the rise as we’ve begun to leverage our systems,
our focus on private label, our category mix, and the ExtraCare® card. We have a solid track record at making the most of our acquisitions, roughly doubling the profit- ability of the drugstores we acquired from JCPenney in 2004 and from Albertsons in 2006.
EXTRACARE AND OTHER LONG-TERM INVESTMENTS HAVE HELPED DRIVE PROFITABILITY
We can trace our industry-leading performance in no
small part to the many investments we have made over the past decade in technology, in enhancing the layout and “shopability” of our stores, and in driving customer loyalty. The ExtraCare loyalty program, which we rolled out in 2001, is today the most popular among all retailers.
More than 64 million active cardholders take advantage of sales in the store and at CVS.com, and they received $1.9 billion in ExtraCare savings and Extra Bucks rewards throughout 2009. ExtraCare represents a significant com- petitive advantage for us, and CVS Caremark has a huge head start over any drug retailer contemplating its own loyalty program.
More recent investments position CVS Caremark for greater profitability in the coming years. For example,
our proprietary RxConnectTM computer system, whose rollout will be completed during 2010, should improve both efficiency and customer service in our pharmacies. We’ve also opened call centers that allow us to redirect much of the telephone call volume from our busiest stores. That frees up retail pharmacists to spend more time counseling patients face-to-face.
WE’VE EXPANDED MINUTECLINIC’S OFFERINGS AND FORGED NEW ALLIANCES
At MinuteClinic, our retail-based health clinics, we expanded the services offered, further integrated MinuteClinic into our PBM offerings, and forged a number of strategic alliances with highly regarded health care providers such as Humana, Inc., and the Cleveland Clinic. Today we have approxi- mately 570 clinics in 56 markets across the country.
 
“We will continue to offer new and innovative services ” that help attract and retain PBM and retail customers.
In 2010, a key focus will be adding protocol-driven monitoring services for common chronic illnesses, such as diabetes, hypertension, and high cholesterol. That will be done in coordination with a patient’s treating physician and is designed to improve adherence and outcomes. We also expect to offer additional acute care services and improved point of service lab tests. Under its new president, Andrew Sussman, M.D., this business is moving in the right direction.
CVS CAREMARK WILL CONTINUE TO BENEFIT FROM NEW PRODUCTS AND BROAD INDUSTRY TRENDS
Looking ahead, we will continue to offer new and innovative services that help attract and retain PBM
and retail customers. For example, we plan to expand pharmacogenomic clinical and testing services for CVS Caremark PBM clients through our ownership stake in Generation Health. We want to improve care for patients who are either non-responsive to their medications or who experience adverse reactions as a result of their genomic makeup. We expect to begin offering these services during 2010.
We are currently in the process of transitioning our iScribe® clients to Allscripts, the largest provider of e-prescribing and electronic health record solutions. E-prescribing can significantly reduce medication errors. With this partner- ship, we hope to accelerate the adoption of e-perscribing across our client base.
Broad industry trends will work in our favor as well, from potential health care reform and an aging population to new blockbuster and generic drug introductions. CVS Caremark has been participating in the national debate over legislation to reform the U.S. health care system.We believe the right combination of reform and expansion will be good for the nation. As the largest provider of cost-effective pharmacy care in this country, we stand ready to support this effort.
Looking at demographics, the number of people in the United States who are 65 or older will jump to roughly 47 million by 2015 and to 55 million by 2020. This age group fills an average of more than 25 prescriptions per person annually – 30 percent more than people between the ages of 55 and 64. That will increase utilization dramatically for years to come and will help drive the growth of both our PBM and retail businesses.
Of course, the opportunity in generics is enormous. Nearly $100 billion in branded drug sales will lose patent protection over the next six years. As a result, our GDR could eventually approach 80 percent. That is expected to further reduce costs for health plans, plan sponsors, and their members while expanding our pharmacy margins. We are also hopeful that Congress will pass legislation that finally paves the way for a biogeneric approval process.
As you can see, we’re very optimistic about our pros- pects, both in the short-term and long-term. Pharmacy health care in this country has a bright future, and we believe our combined assets will lead to a bright future for our company for years to come. On behalf of our board of directors and our 211,000 colleagues across the country, thank you for investing in CVS Caremark.
Thomas M. Ryan
Chairman of the Board,
President, and Chief Executive Officer
February 26, 2010
  2009 Annual Report 5
