To Our Stockholders 2008 was a momentous year for Chevron. We reported our fifth consecutive year of record earnings. We had exceptional success finding new sources of crude oil and natural gas. We started up five major capital projects, with more to follow. And as economic challenges gripped the world's attention in the second half of the year, Chevron people addressed those challenges and focused on the long term -- helping to ensure safe, diversified supplies of energy for decades to come.

Net income of $23.9 billion represented a 28.1 percent increase over the previous year. Capital and explora tory expenditures for 2008 were $22.8 billion, and return on capital employed was 26.6 percent. For the 21st consecutive year, we increased our annual dividend payout. We continued to return cash to our stock holders through stock buyback programs, purchasing $8 billion of our common shares during 2008. In total stockholder return, we outperformed the S&P 500 by nearly 19 percentage points. While our total stockholder return was negative 18.4 percent, our results stood out compared with the market and most peers, underscoring our strength and discipline. Our strategies focus on delivering value over time: In 2008, we advanced our queue of 40 major capital  projects, each with a net Chevron share of investment exceeding $1 billion. We added 1.3 billion barrels of oil-equivalent proved

reserves, replacing 146 percent of oil-equivalent production this year. We also significantly improved our operating reliability at our eight company- operated refineries. The people of Chevron managed these achievements while accom plishing one more: 2008 was our safest year ever. We earned one of the best safety records in our industry, making our global operations four times safer than five years ago. Delivering Energy Now In the upstream, we brought projects onstream that are as large as they are long-term. In the U.S. Gulf of Mexico, we began production at our deep water Blind Faith Field. In Kazakhstan, Tengizchevroil completed major expansion projects that nearly doubled production capacity from the giant Tengiz Field. In Indonesia, an expansion of our Duri Field

started production. In Australia, our fifth liquefied natural gas proc essing unit came onstream. And in Nigeria, our Agbami deepwater field celebrated first oil. The ability to efficiently produce over decades depends as much on strong partnerships as on operational and technical skills. In 2008, we extended our agreement with the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia for 30 years to operate the Kingdom's 50 percent crude oil and natural gas interests in the Partitioned Neutral Zone between the Kingdom and the State of Kuwait. To increase flexibility in refining the world's full range of crude oils, we upgraded key refineries in 2008. Refineries in California, Mississippi and at our 50 percent-owned Yeosu Refinery in South Korea now transform lower-cost, heavier crude oils into premium-value products. These major upgrades also included facilities to improve long-term reliability.

2

Running efficient, reliable operations also means anticipating the forces of nature. Last summer, Hurricanes Dolly, Gustav and Ike forced evacu ations of our Gulf of Mexico operations three times. Securing and starting up operations is complex; our people did it, maintaining perfect safety. They also provided needed fuel to emergency responders and the public. They are a dedicated team. Developing Energy for the Future Looking ahead, we're investing for the future. Our plans focus on increasing reserves, boosting crude oil and natural gas production, and improving reliability and efficiency. In exploration, we're focused on large and aggregated energy resources in key basins of the world. Discoveries eventually become long-term energy producers, and this year, three will begin production. Frade, offshore Brazil, is forecasted to start up in the first half of the year. The Gulf of

Mexico's Tahiti Field and Angola's offshore Tombua-Landana development should reach first oil in the second half of 2009. In the downstream, we plan to launch four new refinery projects to further improve reliability and refining flexibility. Meeting the Energy Challenge These are just some of our efforts at Delivering Energy Now -- Developing Energy for the Future, the theme of this Annual Report. As economies around the world search for solid ground, certain outcomes are inevitable: Worldwide demand for energy will rise over the long term. Population growth, industrialization, urbanization and the developing world's demand for rising living standards all but ensure that. Energy is not a luxury -- it's the foundation for economic growth. By investing in the future, we're creating value not only for our stakeholders,

but also we're building economic prosperity around the globe. While times are challenging, the people of Chevron have their eyes fixed on the horizon. That's where growth will take hold. And when it does, the world will need all the energy it can get. Human energy and ingenuity will deliver it -- two resources the people of Chevron have in abundant supply. Thank you for investing in our company.

Dave O'Reilly Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer February 26, 2009

Above: Chairman Dave O'Reilly tours the company's Fluid Catalytic Cracker Catalyst Testing Laboratory in Richmond, California, with Dr. Russ Krug, consulting engineer, Catalysis, Chevron Energy Technology Company.

3

