To Our Stockholders
Chevron delivered solid financial and operating results in 2013 while advancing our industry-leading queue of major capital projects. Our sound financial performance was reflected in net income of $21.4 billion on sales and other operating revenues of $220 billion. We achieved a competitive 13.5 percent return on capital employed. And for the 26th consecutive year, we increased our annual dividend payout to stockholders. Our total stockholder returns of just under 15 percent over the past five- and 10-year periods continue to lead our peer group.
Throughout 2013 our major businesses generated strong operating results. In the upstream, we ranked No. 1 in earnings per barrel relative to our peers for the fourth continuous year. We began production at the Angola liquefied natural gas (LNG) plant and achieved first oil from the Papa-Terra project offshore Brazil. In 2013 we also advanced our two world-class LNG projects in Western Australia. Construction at Gorgon is approximately 75 percent complete, and construction at Wheatstone is approximately 25 percent complete. Over the next four years we anticipate 15 project startups with a Chevron investment of more than $1 billion each, including two key deepwater projects in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico -- Jack/St. Malo and Big Foot, which are expected to come online in 2014 and 2015, respectively. We continued to add resources to our portfolio through both exploration and targeted acquisitions in 2013. The success rate of our exploration wells was nearly 59 percent, and we added crude oil and natural gas resources through discoveries in 10 countries. We grew our portfolio of opportunities with a new operating interest in the Kurdistan Region of Iraq, new acreage in the Bight Basin offshore South Australia, and finalized agreements to pursue unconventional resources in Argentina as well as assume full operatorship of the Kitimat LNG plant and Pacific Trail Pipeline in Canada. We also successfully completed the first phase of our Duvernay Shale program in Canada. We added approximately 800 million barrels of net oil-equivalent proved reserves, replacing almost 85 percent of production in 2013. The company's three-year average reserve replacement ratio is 123 percent of net oil-equivalent production.

In downstream and chemicals, we continued to benefit from the investments we have made in our refining system and from our competitive position in additives, petrochemicals and lubricants. In 2013 we ranked No. 2 in earnings per barrel relative to our peer group. And we neared completion on the construction of our Pascagoula Base Oil Plant, which will position us as the world's leading supplier of premium base oil when it starts up in 2014. We also reached final investment decision on Chevron Phillips Chemical Company's (CPChem) U.S. Gulf Coast ethylene cracker and derivatives unit. These projects allow CPChem to take advantage of the growth in U.S. shale gas and associated ethane.

Despite statistically strong safety performance, we are not yet incidentfree. In 2013 we undertook extensive actions to enhance process safety to prevent serious incidents. Chevron is deeply committed to our goal of zero incidents and achieving world-class performance in all measures of safety. Meeting the world's long-term demand for energy requires significant investment. We enter 2014 with a capital and exploratory budget of $39.8 billion. This reflects the company's confidence in our unparalleled queue of projects that will help us deliver valuable growth. Chevron's capital investments enable us to grow our production while continuing to deliver industry-leading

and invest in programs to create measurable and lasting value. Our business and social investments boost local economies by creating jobs, improving livelihoods and supporting local businesses. Beyond direct business investment and taxes, over the past eight years we contributed almost $1.5 billion to local communities through social investments that foster economic growth, with a significant focus on health, education and economic development programs. You can find more information in our 2013 Corporate Responsibility Report. The men and women of Chevron are committed to our vision of being the global energy company most admired for its people, partnership and performance. We remain focused on finding and producing the affordable, reliable energy that drives global economic growth and human prosperity. And due to our unparalleled project portfolio and proven business strategies, I am confident that we are strongly positioned to contribute to these aspirations, as well as create enduring value for our stockholders. Thank you for investing in Chevron.

Overall, our long-term production growth outlook is compelling, and we are investing today in projects that will deliver production, cash flow and earnings growth to the end of the decade.

Delivering results the right way is a responsibility that our company takes seriously. Our Operational Excellence Management System guides us as we seek to achieve increasingly higher levels of safety, operational and environmental performance. This focus helped us deliver our lowest number on record of serious process safety-related loss-of-containment events and liquid spills. In 2013 we continued to be a leader in personal safety as measured by injuries requiring time away from work.

performance. We anticipate that 2014 will be the peak year for spending on our Australian LNG projects as we move them closer to first production. Overall, our long-term production growth outlook is compelling, and we are investing today in projects that will deliver production, cash flow and earnings growth to the end of the decade. Chevron's business success is deeply linked to society's progress. We partner with governments, nongovernmental organizations and communities to build beneficial and enduring relationships, manage the impacts of our operations,

John S. Watson Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer February 21, 2014

Chevron Corporation 2013 Annual Report

3

