 CHEVRON CORPORATION 2000 ANNUAL REPORT
 To Our Stockholders
It is with a great deal of pride and plea- sure that I take this opportunity to tell you about the tremendous success our company achieved in the year 2000.
First, our financial performance was superb, setting a new standard in the history of Chevron. Operationally, our performance was much improved,
as we set several records for safety, reliability and production. We continued to build increased organizational capability in the key drivers of business success. And we announced plans to merge with Texaco to build a stronger company for the long term.
The most historic achievement of 2000 was our net income of $5.2 billion, by far the highest in the company’s 121-year his- tory. That performance benefited from sustained high prices for crude oil and natural gas, combined with strong refining mar- gins, particularly in the United States. Underlying these results, however, was solid operating performance. For example, we increased our oil and gas production 3 percent from the year before, thereby taking advantage of high prices.
Improved reliability at our refineries resulted in higher pro- duction of value-added products, improving our profits while meeting our customers’ needs when supplies were tight. In every operation, employees focused on improving safety and reliability, while at the same time continuing their focus on reducing costs. For example, improved processes for global procurement of goods and services saved more than $250 million during 2000 in oper- ating expenses and capital expenditures.
The result of strong industry conditions and improved oper- ating performance was a return on capital employed of 22 per- cent, excluding special items, an achievement that ranked No.1 among our industry peers worldwide.
While these were important accomplishments during 2000, we also took several steps to strengthen the company for the long term by:
• replacing more than 150 percent of the oil and gas we produced in 2000 through new discoveries, acquisitions and other additions – the eighth consecutive year the com- pany has added more reserves than it has produced;
• reducing our debt ratio to 24 percent, the lowest since our 1984 merger with Gulf;
Dave O’Reilly
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
        PAGE 2
 
 CHEVRON CORPORATION 2000 ANNUAL REPORT
 • implementing a $6 billion capital and exploratory spend- ing plan for 2001, focused on our strategic priority to profitably grow our upstream (exploration and production) business;
• repurchasing $1.4 billion of common shares through a stock buyback program;
• strengthening our chemicals business by forming a world- class joint venture with Phillips Petroleum Company.
‘4 plus 1’ progress
Last year, we set two challenging goals for the five-year pe- riod from 2000 through 2004 – to be No.1 in total stockholder return (stock price appreciation plus dividends) relative to our peers and to achieve a minimum of 12 percent return on capital employed while continuing to grow the company.
We said that achieving our goals would require superior performance in four key areas – operational excellence, cost reduc- tion, capital stewardship and profitable growth – and that build- ing organizational capability in each would be critical to achieving our financial goals. We call these priorities “4 plus 1.” I’d like
to update you on our progress, which has been very good to date.
In 2000 and 2001, we are focusing initially on building world-class organizational capability in two of those areas – operational excellence and capital stewardship.
We’ve already achieved demonstrable progress in operational excellence, which entails safe, reliable, efficient and environmen- tally sound performance companywide. For example, in the up- stream, our oil production operations at the Tengiz Field in Kazakhstan have attained 12 million hours without a lost-time incident while also achieving new production records. In the downstream (refining and marketing), our North American refin- eries have had their best safety performance ever. These and other accomplishments are detailed elsewhere in this Annual Report.
Despite our progress, it is essential that we continue to im- prove in safety, reliability, efficiency and environmental performance. We are building our capability through better work processes, enhanced training and certification, more rapid sharing of lessons learned, and increased focus on recognition and accountability.
The other area for enhanced organizational capability is capi- tal stewardship, wisely investing our money – a key element for a company our size with a capital and exploratory budget of $6 bil- lion. We’ve been seeing improvements in capital efficiency as our
 PAGE 3

 CHEVRON CORPORATION 2000 ANNUAL REPORT
 decision and execution processes are more widely deployed and lessons learned are shared across the organization.
We are increasing our organizational skills by providing project teams with improved decision-making tools and by con- tinuing a rigorous analysis of completed projects so that lessons learned can be incorporated into the decisions and execution of future projects. For example, in the international upstream, these techniques have been applied in areas ranging from the North Sea and Angola to Australia and Canada – and they have led to important progress in shortening the time from discovery to first oil production; in the design, construction and start-up of pro- duction facilities; and in overall project cost.
You can be proud of Chevron’s talented work force and the progress employees have made in these areas, as well as their aspi- rations to be world-class in each.
Texaco merger update
As I write this letter in February, we’re making excellent progress in our proposed merger with Texaco.
ChevronTexaco Corporation will have:
• top-tier upstream positions, with reserves of 11.2 billion
barrels of oil equivalent;
• production of 2.7 million barrels per day and excellent
exploration opportunities;
• an integrated, worldwide refining and marketing business;
• a global chemicals business and significant growth plat-
forms in natural gas and power;
• industry-leading skills in technology innovation.
The merger will bring together two leading energy compa- nies to form a global enterprise that, working from $78 billion in assets, is highly competitive across all energy sectors, is pro- jected to achieve at least $1.2 billion in annual cost savings and is well positioned for growth.
In short, everything we’ve learned since the merger announce- ment in October has reinforced a positive outlook for the pro- posed new company. That’s especially true in one very important way: As the two companies begin to work together to make the merger a success, we’re already seeing evidence of a shared vision and teamwork that are at the heart of any successful venture. And we share common values, including protecting the environment, partnering with the communities where we operate, and promot- ing diversity and opportunity in our work force.
Dick Matzke
Vice Chairman
          PAGE 4

 CHEVRON CORPORATION 2000 ANNUAL REPORT
 Our strong base business, our progress in developing a top- notch organization and our proposed merger with Texaco position us to prosper in a world where energy, in all its forms, is central to economic and social progress.
Energy: vital to economic growth
Concerns about global oil prices and availability, as well as regional natural gas and electricity supply and prices, have been very much in the news. Events of the past year have heightened the public’s awareness of how much our well-being depends on sufficient supplies of affordable energy, efficiently utilized.
Energy is a key input to a healthy economy that is increas- ingly global, interdependent and dynamic – with enormous potential for improving the lives of people everywhere.
The United States has a special responsibility to support energy progress. As the largest economy in the world, inextrica- bly linked to the global economy, our nation should take a lead- ership role in developing a long-term strategy to ensure that energy supplies are sufficient to support growth.
We at Chevron are committed to doing our part to responsi- bly develop energy supplies and services. When we complete our proposed merger with Texaco, the new ChevronTexaco Corpora- tion will be even better positioned to fulfill that role. We will have the assets, financial strength and people to make a difference.
Chevron will be a vital partner in creating the energy that fuels progress. By doing so, we will serve our customers, the com- munities in which we operate and our stockholders.
I’m very positive about the outlook for our company and very proud of the commitment and performance of the many thousands of Chevron people who have contributed to our success.
Dave O’Reilly
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer February 26, 2001
‘I’d like to acknowledge the contribu- tion of Jim Sullivan, who has retired as Vice Chairman after four decades
of distinguished leadership with Chevron. Jim was especially concerned with the people of Chevron – that each employee be valued for making
a unique contribution to the company. He was successful, and today’s focus on organizational capability reflects his legacy.’
 – Dave O’Reilly
   Jim Sullivan
Retired Vice Chairman
PAGE 5
