to our stockholders
Low commodity prices made 2015 a challenging year for Chevron and the entire oil and natural gas industry, reducing earnings across the sector.
Our full-year 2015 net income was $4.6 billion, down from $19.2 billion in 2014. Our sales and other operating revenue were $129.9 billion, down from $200.5 billion in 2014. We achieved a 2.5 percent return on capital employed versus the 10.9 percent achieved in 2014. In light of difficult market conditions, we took significant actions to reduce costs and improve net cash flow. We reduced capital and operating expenses by $9 billion through renegotiating contracts with vendors and suppliers, streamlining organizations to reduce our employee and contractor workforce, deferring and canceling projects not economic at low prices, and selling $6 billion in nonstrategic and other assets. We had a number of notable accomplishments during 2015. Our Upstream business, which is responsible for exploration and production, increased worldwide net oil-equivalent production by 2 percent, to 2.6 million barrels per day. We started up the Lianzi Field, located in a unitized offshore zone between the Republic of Congo and Angola; Moho Nord, our deepwater development offshore the Republic of Congo; Agbami 3, off the coast of the central Niger Delta region; and Chuandongbei, our natural gas field in southwest China, which initiated production in early 2016. In addition we ramped up Jack/St. Malo and Tubular Bells in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico. Also significant progress was achieved on our major capital projects, including Gorgon, our largest Australian liquefied natural gas (LNG) project, and Wheatstone LNG as they move toward start-up in 2016 and mid-2017, respectively.

We added approximately 1 billion barrels of net oil-equivalent proved reserves in 2015. These additions equate to approximately 107 percent of net oil-equivalent production for the year. Significant reserves were added from the Permian Basin in the United States and the Wheatstone Project in Australia. In our exploration program, we successfully drilled an appraisal well of our Anchor discovery in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico. Our Downstream and Chemicals business, which is responsible for our refining, marketing and chemical manufacturing, had an outstanding year. This business

investments. We focused these investments in three core areas -- health, education and economic development -- to improve access to health care, develop skilled workers, and boost local and regional economies. These social investments complement our investments in projects and local goods and services, creating jobs and generating revenues for the communities where we operate. More details are available in the 2015 Corporate Responsibility Report. I am proud to note that 2015 marked the 28th consecutive year that we increased the annual per-share dividend payout. Our top financial priority remains

starting up projects under construction and realizing the cash flow from them, lowering capital spending, reducing operating expenses, completing our divestment program for assets that have greater value to others than to us, and doing all this while continuing to operate safely and reliably. Our company's products provide the energy that is critical for economic progress. We are well positioned to meet growing demand in a safe and responsible manner. In all we do, we are guided by The Chevron Way. This roadmap underpins the character of our company and establishes the values by which we deliver our results. I am confident that our company and our employees have what it takes to meet the challenges of the current business environment and achieve our vision of being the global

"Our company's products provide the energy that is critical for economic progress. We are well positioned to meet growing demand in a safe and responsible manner."
maintained reliable operations, benefited from lower feedstock costs and realized efficiencies gained by the reshaping of our portfolio in recent years. 2015 was one of our best years in overall health, environment and safety performance and our best year ever in preventing significant incidents. Our Days Away From Work Rate and Motor Vehicle Crash Rate set new record lows, and our Total Recordable Incident Rate and petroleum spill volume matched last year's record lows. We also continued our support of the communities in which we work. This past year we advanced our strategic programs and partnerships, with more than $233 million in global social The focus of the enterprise in 2016 will remain on our five key priorities -- safely Looking ahead, we announced a 2016 capital and exploratory budget of $26.6 billion, which is 22 percent lower than our expenditures for 2015 and 34 percent lower than 2014. This capital budget will enable us to complete and ramp up projects under construction, fund high-return, short-cycle investments, preserve options for viable long-cycle projects, and ensure safe, reliable operations. maintaining and growing the dividend as the pattern of earnings, cash flow and balance sheet strength permits. Our year-end debt ratio was a comfortable 20.2 percent.

energy company most admired for its people, partnership and performance. Thank you for your confidence and your investment in Chevron.

John S. Watson Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer February 25, 2016

Chevron Corporation 2015 Annual Report 

3

