LETTER

TO

SHAREHOLDERS
centralized business practices across every aspect of our business. As we have continued to acquire new facilities and assimilate them into our system, we have established an impressive track record for improving margins at these acquired facilities and managing controllable costs. Additionally, our experienced local management teams have access to considerable corporate resources to improve the performance of their respective facilities, creating an opportunity to capture services that were previously sent out of market. Regardless of the location, every individual in our organization is focused on the same mission. Our same store growth metrics are a key indicator that our operating strategy is working as we continued to increase revenues and drive admissions upward. On a same store basis, 2006 net operating revenues increased 7.0%, admissions increased 1.1% and adjusted admissions increased 0.9%, compared with the last year. Our hospitals are also supported by disciplined capital spending programs focused on achieving both a favorable level of financial and operating performance and higher patient satisfaction. In 2006, we invested $269 million in capital projects designed to add and improve hospital services and facilities. Over the years, these investments have rewarded both Community Health Systems and our communities. Our investments may take different forms, but our ultimate goal is always the same -

With each succeeding year, Community Health Systems, Inc. has continued to make significant progress and extend its consistent record of sustained growth. Our performance in 2006 was no exception as we delivered another solid financial and operating performance and expanded our portfolio of hospitals. Today, we are proud to be acknowledged as the leading operator of non-urban acute care hospitals in the United States, with the expertise and scale inherent in this position. More importantly, we are proud of our reputation for making a difference in the communities we serve. We achieved a number of important accomplishments in 2006 as we continued to focus on operating excellence in our hospitals while building the foundation for future success through acquisitions, both strategies that we believe are important for creating long-term value for our shareholders. Our financial performance for the year reflects solid execution in an everchanging and often challenging healthcare environment. For 2006, we produced a 17 percent increase in revenues to $4.4 billion from $3.7 billion in 2005, reflecting strong volume growth across our network of hospitals throughout the country. Our financial results for the year

included a change in estimate of the Company's bad debt accounting policy, reflecting unfavorable collection trends and recent increases in self-pay admissions, as hospitals nationwide continue to shoulder the burden of caring for the uninsured and underinsured. This change resulted in a $65.0 million one-time charge recorded in the third quarter of 2006. Before giving effect to the increase in the provision for bad debts, income from continuing operations increased 11.2 percent to $211.5 million compared with $190.1 million last year, and net income was $2.17 per diluted share, a 21 percent increase from $1.79 per diluted share in 2005. After giving effect to the increase in the provision for bad debts, income from continuing operations was $171.5 million, or $1.78 per diluted share, and net income for the year was $168.3 million, or $1.75 per diluted share. Our results for 2006 demonstrated strong volume trends. Total admissions increased 11.9 percent and adjusted admissions increased 12.5 percent compared to 2005. In addition to strong organic growth, our results for the year reflect a robust pace of prior years' acquisitions and margin improvement at these acquired facilities. Our consistent focus on the key areas for success in our business ­ an effective centralized and standardized operating platform, a disciplined acquisition strategy, effective cost management, a successful physician recruitment program, and a favorable reputation in the marketplace ­ allowed us to move Community Health Systems forward in 2006. At the same time, we have enhanced the level of healthcare in more communities throughout the country and we believe this is perhaps the best measure of our success. Each Community Health Systems affiliated hospital benefits from our wide range of standardized and

to provide a hospital that more effectively and conveniently meets the unique needs of each community. We further extended our market reach in 2006 with the acquisition of eight hospitals. Community Health Systems has continued to pursue an aggressive acquisition strategy with a proven track record for finding suitable hospitals and successfully assimilating these facilities into our system. As we enter a new market, we become a partner in the community and work together with local leaders to ensure our hospitals meet their needs. With our strategic investments in attracting new physicians, adding services and upgrading facilities, we expect to serve more of the community's patients and continue to improve operating efficiencies. Our proven ability to deliver on our promise and foster positive community relations has continued to be a distinct competitive advantage for Community Health Systems. We believe our solid financial position, complemented by our strong track record of improving operations at acquired facilities, provides us with additional opportunities to continue making disciplined acquisition decisions going forward. Perhaps more than any other single factor, the strength of the medical staff is vital to the performance of the local community hospital. The availability of qualified physicians drives admissions in our hospitals and, in particular, the availability of physicians in various specialties plays a critical role in being able to provide needed services to patients in the community instead of traveling to a larger urban facility. Accordingly, physician recruitment and practice development have always been important areas of focus for Community Health Systems to ensure the long-term success of our hospitals. Through our effective physician

recruitment initiatives, complemented by investments in the type of hospital facilities and clinical services that attract and retain physicians, we work hard to ensure that our hospitals can offer the same level of care as some larger urban facilities. Our hospitals continue to seek out qualified practitioners in their respective fields who not only raise the level of care in our hospitals, but also become active members of the community at large. In 2006, we surpassed our goal and added a total of 594 new practitioners, representing a variety of clinical specialties, to our hospitals. We are confident that these new physicians, in turn, will keep more patients within the local community and drive corresponding increases in patient and procedure volume. Our success in 2006 reflects our ability to execute and a commitment by everyone associated with Community Health Systems to continually raise our standards of performance. We are grateful to our employees and local boards of trustees for their dedication, and to the many physicians, nurses and hospital administrators who work tirelessly each and every day to make a positive difference in the communities we serve. We also acknowledge the people who live and work in these communities and we are grateful for the trust they have placed in Community Health Systems. We understand that we must continue to earn that trust and stay focused on our mission to enhance the level of healthcare in more communities across the country. 2006 was another great year for Community Health Systems, but, as always, there is much more for us to accomplish. On March 19, 2007, we announced that Community Health Systems, Inc. will acquire the stock of Triad Hospitals, Inc. for approximately $6.8 billion, including $1.7 billion of existing indebtedness. With this merger, we will be the largest publicly

traded hospital company in the United States with approximately 130 hospitals in 28 states. We believe this represents a significant growth opportunity that will substantially increase Community Health Systems' overall scale and enhance our geographic diversity. We are very excited about this opportunity to further expand our reach and scope with additional hospitals in mid-size markets around the country. We look forward to the integration and improvement of the Triad assets as we continue to build shareholder value. Thank you for the support your investment provides. Sincerely,

Wayne T. Smith Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

W. Larry Cash Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

