Letter to Stockholders:
The changing landscape for healthcare providers requires initiative and innovation. In a challenging 2013, Community Health Systems devoted considerable energy and resources to developing strategies that we believe will generate positive, long-term results. At the same time, we remained diligently focused on our current operations to ensure the best possible performance. All of these efforts support our fundamental objective to deliver quality, affordable healthcare in the communities we serve as we continue to create and enhance shareholder value. In 2013, we organized our Company for the successful acquisition of Health Management Associates, Inc., or HMA, a transaction that was completed at the end of January 2014. This compelling combination of two companies increased our diverse portfolio to more than 200 hospitals across 29 states. Newly acquired facilities geographically complement legacy hospitals, enhancing our ability to form stronger networks in key states and to more fully benefit from healthcare reform. On a combined basis, our hospitals provided care for one million inpatient visits and nearly five million emergency department visits in 2013. Our record of successfully assimilating more than one hundred previously acquired hospitals over the past fifteen years gives us confidence in our ability to realize potential operating synergies and other advantages of greater scale. Proven business strategies will drive improvements in operating and financial performance at the HMA hospitals to deliver a return on our investment. We look forward to meaningful collaboration with physicians and employees of our new affiliates as we support the excellent care they provide for patients. We could not be more excited about the transformative opportunity to create a stronger company for the benefit of all of our healthcare providers, the communities we serve, and ultimately, our stockholders. A relentless commitment to clinical excellence is the strong foundation on which we build success. In 2013, we were proud to report that 93 of our hospitals were recognized as Top Performers in Key Quality MeasuresTM by The Joint Commission, a leading accrediting agency for healthcare organizations. Only about one-third of the nation's more than 3,300 eligible hospitals received this honor for exemplary performance in using clinical processes that are demonstrated to improve patient care for certain conditions. This recognition demonstrates that our hospital staffs strive to use evidence-based practices and underscores our unwavering determination to deliver high-quality, safe patient care. Our affiliated hospitals are aggressively working to create and maintain inherently safe environments where patients can be assured their course of care will do no harm. Every one of our hospitals participates in our Patient Safety Organization (PSO), which is listed by the Health and Human Services Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality. PSOs provide a privileged and secure environment where healthcare providers can utilize data to identify and reduce the risks associated with patient care. Measurable results across our organization show improvement in important quality metrics, including reductions in readmissions, hospital acquired conditions, and most notably, a decline in serious safety events. Physicians and employees are trusted partners in our quality efforts. We are pleased that our organization maintains a high rate of satisfaction among physicians, nurses and other staff. This is one of the reasons our hospitals continue to successfully recruit physicians and mid-level providers. Our ability to match healthcare professionals with communities who need and support their services is fundamental to the quality of life in our communities and makes our hospitals more vibrant and relevant for the people who rely on them. We enjoyed another year of outstanding recruitment results in 2013, with 2,141 physicians joining our organization to expand clinical services and capacity in our markets so that local residents can access the health services they need close to home. Today, more than 27,000 physicians serve on our medical staffs and 3,500 of them are employed.

W A Y N E T. S M I T H

Community Health Systems has taken bold steps toward ongoing success and we are determined to remain a leader for our industry.

As our Company has grown, so have the very practical benefits accrued to the towns and cities where we operate. In the communities where we have long relationships, and in new markets added through the acquisition of HMA, we support economic development by employing local residents, paying taxes and providing charity care. We continue to invest in clinical services, healthcare facilities, the latest medical technologies and information systems hardware, just as we did with over $600 million in capital investments in 2013. We are operating in interesting times. Societal and political changes are profoundly affecting our industry. We look forward to serving newly insured Americans as healthcare reform delivers on its fundamental promise to provide access to essential health services. More people will get the care they need through coverage obtained on the health insurance exchanges and expansion of state Medicaid programs. We continue to advocate for Medicaid expansion, hopeful that states that have not made this important commitment to their citizens will do so soon. In 2013, our affiliated hospitals provided resources to help educate and enroll previously uninsured residents. We also completed numerous new contracts with payers to ensure that almost all of our hospitals will be network providers in plans offered through the exchanges. We believe we are well positioned to benefit as these plans take effect in 2014. Across the industry, seismic shifts are occurring as many services traditionally provided in the acute care setting move to outpatient environments and patients take advantage of new access points in the healthcare system. We are broadening our business model as these trends continue, while also diligently focusing on expense management and productivity.

Although our overall financial results for 2013 fell short of expectations, we achieved higher revenue per adjusted admission. Our consolidated revenues reached nearly $13.0 billion and our Adjusted EBITDA (Earnings before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization) was over $1.8 billion. Excluding certain unusual adjustments, our earnings per share from continuing operations were $2.40 (diluted.) We believe we have significant opportunities to improve our financial performance in 2014 as we deploy new growth strategies, develop the right partnerships, and leverage our considerable size and scale to drive higher revenues and operating efficiencies across an expanded network. Community Health Systems has taken bold steps toward ongoing success and we are determined to remain a leader for our industry. I am extremely grateful to the physicians, hospital executives, local boards of trustees, and 135,000 employees across our organization for their daily contributions. This year, I am especially appreciative of the expertise and dedication of our experienced management team and the wholehearted support of our board of directors. I also thank you, our stockholders, for your continued investment and confidence in our Company.

Sincerely,

Wayne T. Smith Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

