Letter to Stockholders
The year 2014 will be recorded as a historical milestone in the life of Community Health Systems--a turning point that positively altered the company's trajectory and resulted in a year of significant growth and positive momentum.

Our acquisition of Health Management Associates, Inc. (HMA) in January added 71 hospitals to our portfolio and has made us one of the largest hospital operators in the nation. Other 2014 acquisitions were just as strategic as we welcomed hospitals that complement existing markets in Pennsylvania, Florida, Mississippi, and South Carolina. We ended the year 207 hospitals strong. From Alaska to Florida, from New Jersey to California, our hospitals are keeping healthcare close to home for millions of people. The ability to acquire and rapidly assimilate hospitals has fueled exponential growth through the years. Like the successful acquisition of Triad Hospitals in 2007, absorbing HMA accelerated company strategies, most notably our work to develop regional healthcare networks. We are honored to work with the outstanding physicians and caring employees in these hospitals and appreciate their active participation in our resolute commitment to deliver quality, compassionate, cost-effective care as we form a stronger, combined organization. To ensure success, we've deployed vast resources to improve clinical services and operational and financial performance. We've exceeded our first year synergy target, with $125 million in synergies achieved and we are well on our way to total projected synergies of $250 to $275 million. We also financed this transaction on very favorable terms with more than $7 billion raised. In 2014, healthcare reform became a reality as millions of Americans gained medical coverage through Health Insurance Exchanges and expansion of state Medicaid programs. Implementation of major components of the Affordable Care Act (ACA) brought sweeping changes to the U.S. healthcare system, upheaval and opportunity in the course of what is likely the most significant transformation of our industry since ratification of Medicare and Medicaid in the summer of 1965-- fifty years ago. Despite contentious debate and uncertainty about the ACA, this much is undeniably true--millions of people who could not previously afford medical coverage or health services now have insurance and the resulting peace of mind. In many cases, they are receiving preventative medical care. They could see their physicians before a health condition deteriorates into medical crisis.

Unfortunately, millions of other Americans who live in states that have not expanded Medicaid are painfully left out. It is time for the governors and legislatures in these states to do the right thing, finding ways to cooperatively expand their Medicaid programs so that all will have access to the care they need. More than seven million people were insured under the Affordable Care Act in 2014. This translates positively for hospitals that have long shouldered the burden of uncompensated care. In CHS affiliated hospitals, uninsured hospital adjusted admissions declined 57 percent in Medicaid expansion states in 2014 and adjusted admissions of Medicaid patients increased approximately 30 percent. As I consider the significant accomplishments of our past year, I am most proud of the quality care we provide for patients, and this is measurable in a number of ways. The Joint Commission named 107 of our hospitals Top Performers on Key Quality MeasuresTM in 2014. Of the 147 hospitals nationwide that have earned this distinction for all four years that the recognition has been awarded, 33 are CHS affiliated hospitals. Our relentless focus on reducing the inherent risks of healthcare delivery is yielding safer patient experiences. Our legacy hospitals have reduced Serious Safety Events by 45 percent since April 2013. As newly acquired facilities fully incorporate our established protocols to deliver highly reliable, safe care, we anticipate that they will achieve similarly impressive results. We are also successfully reducing hospital-acquired conditions. Eighty-six percent of our affiliated hospitals avoided financial penalties under the CMS Hospital-Acquired Condition program in 2014, which was the best overall performance of all of the publicly-traded hospital companies. Our hospitals are focusing on high demand services, including orthopedics, cardiovascular care and women's healthcare. Emergency Departments remain a key access point so we persistently work to reduce wait times and to move nonemergency cases to faster, less expensive care settings. We have established five new regional transfer centers to ensure that patients who need higher levels of care can be quickly routed to appropriate facilities within our system.

2 // COMMUNITY HEALTH SYSTEMS, INC.

" This is the age of consumerism and our customers have more options than ever before. Our business model is evolving in response to these rapidly changing market dynamics."

This is the age of consumerism and our customers have more options than ever before. Our business model is evolving in response to these rapidly changing market dynamics. We have launched new telemedicine programs to increase access and convenience. We are collaborating with other providers to coordinate care, including a new partnership with CVS Health in several key markets--a relationship we expect to grow over time. Many of our physician practices have extended hours and now offer same day or walk-in appointments. We have created eleven regional healthcare networks that encompass more than 30 percent of our affiliated hospitals. As more care shifts to outpatient environments, we are investing in freestanding emergency rooms, diagnostic clinics, surgery centers, and multi-specialty group practices. Our ability to effectively deliver outpatient services already is evident in the hundreds of clinics, 63 ambulatory surgery centers, 41 urgent treatment centers, and 130 home health agencies we currently operate. Of course, our Company's success is not built on bricks and mortar or large-scale acquisitions alone. It depends on a strong foundation of trusted relationships with physicians and other clinicians. In 2014, we recruited 3,765 physicians and 163 mid-level practitioners to provide care in our hospitals and clinics. Today, more than 22,500 physicians serve on our medical staffs and more than 3,300 physicians have chosen to be employed within our organization. In a medical staff survey, 88 percent of participating physicians told us they would recommend their CHS-affiliated hospital to their own family or friends and 91 percent said they are satisfied with their hospital's efforts to provide safe care for patients. Our employees are valued partners in the care of millions of patients. We appreciate their skills and professionalism and see, daily, how their kindness brings comfort to those who are sick or hurting. As partners in our communities, we invested more than $850 million in 2014 to fund capital improvements; bringing better facilities and the latest medical technologies to the communities we serve. Other tangible benefits in cities and towns across America include jobs for 135,000 people, tens of millions of dollars paid in taxes, and nearly $3.3 billion provided in charity care and discounts for those who can't afford health services.

Over the past year, we have demonstrated our ability to resolve difficult issues. In September, we successfully settled the U.S. Department of Justice investigation into short-stay admissions at CHS Legacy hospitals. This case concluded with no finding of illegal or improper conduct by Community Health Systems or its affiliated hospitals. There are investigations and lawsuits involving the former HMA hospitals still pending and we are fully cooperating in these investigations to resolve them as expeditiously as possible. We will remember 2014 as a good year in the life of our Company. When the opening bell rang on January 2nd, CYH shares traded at $39.20. We ended the year with a stock price of $53.92. Our consolidated revenues exceeded $18.6 billion and our Adjusted EBITDA (Earnings before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization) was over $2.7 billion. Excluding certain unusual adjustments, our adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations were $3.29 (diluted). Finally, as we mark the successful turn of another year, I want to point out that 2015 is not just a new calendar year for us. This marks the 30th anniversary of Community Health Systems. As we forge ahead now, we renew our commitment to the quality care, responsible operations and public service on which CHS is built. We are grateful for the millions of patients who turn to us in their time of need, and we thank our medical staffs and employees who dedicate themselves daily to the highest clinical and ethical standards. We appreciate the leadership of our hospitals and company executives and the support of our board of directors. And we thank you, our stockholders, for the confidence that your investment in Community Health Systems confirms. We will continue earning your trust, every day of 2015 and beyond. Sincerely,

Wayne T. Smith
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

2014 ANNUAL REPORT // 3

