LETTER

TO

STOCKHOLDERS
admissions were up 2.2 percent and net operating revenues increased 6.6 percent, compared with the prior year. More importantly, these metrics represent the best annual same-store growth trends for the Company since 2005. Our proven operating model, combined with volume growth, also produced solid margin expansion on both a consolidated and same-store basis in 2008. While we are proud of our financial accomplishments, we believe the true measure of our success is reflected in our strong relationships with the communities we serve and the favorable reputation we have developed in the marketplace as a trusted partner and consistent and effective operator. Our unwavering commitment to improve the quality of healthcare for the people who live and work in these communities has yielded positive results. At the same time, we have met our goal of bringing essential healthcare services close to home ­ where they should be. Our hospitals have strong positions in each of their respective markets and are geographically diversified, which minimizes our operating risk as no one state represents a disproportionate percentage of our revenues or earnings. While the expected macroeconomic trends indicate that hospital volumes will continue to come under pressure, we believe our continued success in enhancing essential healthcare services, driving

This past year was highlighted by a number of important accomplishments for Community Health Systems, Inc. and its subsidiaries as we extended our record of profitable growth. We are especially pleased with our performance during a period of unprecedented changes driven primarily by economic issues that have affected not only our industry, but also the communities where we operate. These changes have presented unique challenges and the ability to execute has never been more critical. Our success in this uncertain environment is largely due to our proven operating strategy and an accomplished and experienced management team. As a result, the Company continued to lead the way in 2008 as the largest operator of general acute care hospitals in non-urban and mid-size markets in the United States. Our accomplishments for the year included record annual revenues of over $10.8 billion and over $1.0 billion of cash provided by operating activities. Income from continuing operations was $206.7 million, or $2.19 per share (diluted), and we reported net income to shareholders of $218.3 million, or $2.32 per share (diluted). In addition to these impressive financial metrics, we were pleased with our overall volume trends for the year. For the year, total admissions were up over 44 percent on a consolidated basis, primarily due to the expansion of the Company's hospital portfolio in 2007. On a same-store basis, a more meaningful measure of our growth, admissions were up 2.0 percent, adjusted

efficiencies, and recruiting and retaining qualified physicians in our markets will continue to support our long term strategies through this uncertain environment. We also believe that the non-urban and the mid-size markets represent the most attractive opportunity for the future with strong prospects for continued growth. We are the sole provider in approximately 65 percent of our markets, giving us a distinct advantage as it protects these facilities from direct competition from other acute care providers. Our operating strategy has always been built around a standardized and centralized business model and the implementation of best practices in all of our facilities across the country. This strategy has proven, over time, to be the key driver in improving revenue and operating performance at both our existing and acquired facilities. With the downturn in the economy, we are even more mindful of the critical need to manage our costs and effectively utilize our capital. We do have the ability to leverage the size of our operations to drive both greater economies of scale and increased operating efficiencies across our hospital network. Perhaps more than any other aspect of our business, our physician recruiting success has continued to produce strong volume trends across all regions. The strength of the medical staff is vital to the performance of the local community hospital. Not only do we believe it is critical to identify and recruit qualified physicians to join our medical staffs, we also work hard to achieve and maintain high levels of satisfaction and productivity with an important focus on practice development. This strategy has yielded good physician retention levels for the Company, which in turn benefits both the hospitals and patients with quality care. The availability of qualified physicians allows more patients to obtain healthcare services at the local level instead of traveling to an urban facility and increases admissions in our hospitals. Over the long term, a successful physician recruitment strategy, especially at the specialist level, leads to an improved case mix and additional volume. With respect to physician recruitment, we employ the same centralized process that has proven successful in other aspects of our operations. In 2008, we had another outstanding recruiting effort as we recruited a total of 1,472 new practitioners to our hospitals, compared with 769 the prior year, representing a variety of clinical specialties. As always, our goal is to seek out the best practitioners in their respective fields who not only raise the level of care in our hospitals, but also become an integral part of the community. Our commitment to make the necessary capital investments for growth and physical plant improvement also helped drive market share expansion in 2008. We spent over $690 million on numerous major capital improvement projects, including $123 million for replacement hospital facilities. While each of our markets has unique needs, our collective goal is to ensure we have the right equipment, technologies and clinical services for all of our hospitals. We continue to review our

capital expenditure decisions to maximize our returns. Over time, these investments reward both the company and the communities we serve. Since we became a public company, Community Health Systems, Inc. has been highly successful in executing an aggressive acquisition strategy with a proven track record of improving both financial results and the quality of our acquired facilities. Following the acquisition of Triad Hospitals in 2007, we shifted our primary development efforts away from new acquisitions and focused more intently on driving additional value from our existing markets. We made measurable progress in 2008 in successfully integrating these additional facilities. However, we believe significant upside potential remains as we continue to work towards reaching our targeted synergies and improving top line growth. Our primary focus for 2009 will continue to be on improving our existing operations and gaining market share by executing on the key areas for success in our business ­ an effective centralized and standardized business platform, disciplined expense management, a successful physician recruitment program, and strategic capital investments. Together, these strategies help drive volume and grow market share. Our track record, we believe, demonstrates that we are well positioned to leverage our assets and capitalize on additional growth opportunities in the markets we serve with favorable results. We are constantly evaluating our markets to maintain our competiveness and can quickly respond to changes in the economic and reimbursement environment. We are proud of our accomplishments of the past year. Ultimately, Community Health System, Inc.'s success and reputation reflect the combined strength of our individual hospitals across the country, supported by an unrivaled team of dedicated physicians, nurses and hospital administrators who live and work in the communities we serve. Our Company has grown to be the market leader through their skill, dedication and professionalism. In turn, we are committed to providing the ongoing level of support and resources to provide a continuum of service that is commensurate with our shared vision to enhance the level of healthcare in more communities. By accomplishing this important objective, we are confident we are also creating additional shareholder value. While we acknowledge the challenges of an uncertain marketplace, we remain confident in our ability to execute and look forward to the opportunities ahead for Community Health Systems, Inc. Thank you, our fellow stockholders, for the support your investment provides.

Sincerely,

Wayne T. Smith Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

