2003 was another outstanding year of
growth and improvement for Community
Health Systems. In a challenging economic
environment where enduring success is often
difficult to achieve, we continued to execute
with excellent results. Community Health
Systems has adhered to a proven business
strategy that balances our objective to
consistently deliver value to our shareholders
with our mission to enhance the level of
healthcare in communities across the country.
By every measure, this strategy has served to
strengthen both the Company and the
hospitals in the communities we serve.
Our ability to focus on the key areas for
success in our business – an effective
standardized operating platform, a proven
acquisition strategy, successful physician
recruitment, and a favorable reputation in the
marketplace – resulted in an impressive
financial and operating performance in 2003.
For the year, consolidated net revenues were
up nearly 29 percent, net income was up over
31 percent and admissions increased over 21
percent over 2002. In addition, ten new
hospitals were added to our portfolio through
acquisitions, again leading our peers in the
non-urban hospital industry and marking
2003 as the best acquisition year for
Community Health Systems since 1997.
Furthermore, the potential to substantially
improve these recently acquired hospitals will
be a key driver of our future growth.
While we are pleased with our financial
achievements in 2003, the recognition we
received for the way we do business was
equally gratifying. Over the last two years, the
Company had 42 hospitals surveyed by the
Joint Commission of Accreditation of
Healthcare Organizations (JCAHO). The
Company’s average scores have been an
outstanding 96 out of 100 for these surveys.
During 2003, two of our hospitals, Kentucky
River Medical Center in Jackson, Kentucky,
and Fannin Regional Hospital in Blue Ridge,
Georgia, were named in the nation’s 100 top
performing hospitals according to Solucient,
Inc.’s annually published study "100 Top
Hospitals; National Benchmarks for Success –
2002." This study identifies industry
benchmarks by recognizing U.S. hospitals
that demonstrate superior clinical,
operational, and financial performance.
Notably, Community Health Systems
was also included in Forbes magazine list of
"Best Managed Companies in America"
published on January 12, 2004. More than
1,000 publicly traded companies with revenue
in excess of $1.0 billion were considered for
this award, with 400 companies eventually
being selected for inclusion in this prestigious
listing. It is particularly gratifying to be
recognized not only for our strong financial
and operating performance, but also as a
noted leader among our peers in the
healthcare industry.
Each Community Health Systems’
hospital benefits from our proven
standardized and centralized operating
platform. As we continue to assimilate new
hospitals into our system, our local
management teams have access to
considerable resources to improve the
financial and operating performance of their
respective facilities. While we recognize that
each community and hospital possess unique
strengths and challenges – we develop our
strategy around those criteria to ultimately
deliver favorable and consistent results.
Through our efforts, we have achieved greater
operating efficiencies and reduced supply and
labor costs as we increased revenues and
improved the overall profitability of these
hospitals. Our ultimate objective is to insure
these facilities provide our communities with
the healthcare services they need close to
home. Our same-store growth metrics reflect
the benefits of this strategy in 2003 as
evidenced by 8.5 percent growth in revenues,
1.0 percent growth in admissions and 10.7
percent increase in operating income over the
prior year – significant achievements in the
face of a difficult economy. Our ability to
consistently deliver improved same-store
growth tells us we are doing the right things.
However, our greatest success is beyond
financial measure. The communities we serve
continue to reward us with their trust and
confidence in our steadfast commitment to
enhance the level of healthcare and build a
better future for their families.
While we have been highly successful in
the markets we serve, Community Health
Systems has continued to identify
opportunities to acquire additional nonurban hospitals that meet our criteria.
Without question, our acquisition strategy
has been a key driver of our success. In 2003,
we again led the non-urban hospital industry
with the completion of ten acquisitions,
adding 1,632 beds. Over the last three years,
the Company has completed 21 acquisitions
with pre-acquisition trailing net operating
revenue of approximately $1.0 billion. These
acquisitions have and will continue to
provide substantial growth opportunities for
the Company going forward. Our track
record in integrating and improving the
financial and operating performance of these
acquired hospitals, and more importantly,
developing positive community relations, has
continued to be a distinct competitive
advantage for Community Health Systems.
We believe the investment opportunity in
well-managed non-urban hospitals continues
to look favorable. With the increasing need to
expand services, recruit quality physicians
and stem patient outmigration while facing
limited access to capital – a growing number
of non-urban facilities are looking for a
proven partner to provide the resources that
will enable them to deliver quality healthcare
in their communities. Community Health
Systems’ growing reputation as the acquirer
of choice reflects our commitment to meet
their expectations.
Making a positive impact on the
communities we serve remains the cornerstone
of our Company. At the heart of our efforts in
each of these markets is one common goal.
Above all, we seek to benefit the people who
live and work in these communities and rely on
our employees, physicians and facilities to
provide them comprehensive and cost-effective
healthcare services. We recognize that hospitals
are a vital resource to the community as a whole
and, as we strengthen our facilities, we are
building a better future for the entire
community. Over the past year we have
invested over $105 million in capital projects
designed to add services and improve hospital
facilities, including $43 million for replacement
hospitals. We always seek to identify and meet
the unique needs of each community, whether
it is a new emergency room, improved surgical
facilities, outpatient centers or enhanced
diagnostic capabilities. In each of 72
communities in 22 states, Community Health
Systems continues to make a positive difference
each and every day.
Also essential to this important objective
is recruiting and retaining quality physicians.
We successfully recruited 508 new physicians
in our markets in 2003, well ahead of 447 in
2002. Approximately 60 percent of these new
physicians are specialists. Our ability to
attract new physicians to these communities,
particularly in certain specialties, is critical to
our mission. We are committed to finding the
best practitioners who not only raise the level
of services in our facilities, but also become an
integral part of the community. These
physicians, in turn, have enabled our
hospitals to provide a continuum of quality,
cost-effective healthcare and meet our goal to
keep more patients and revenues within the
local community.
As noted at the beginning of this letter,
2003 was an outstanding year for Community
Health Systems. We are extremely proud of
our accomplishments and our demonstrated
ability to leverage our growth and success into
value for our shareholders. More importantly,
we are grateful to the many extraordinary
people associated with Community Health
Systems who play a vital role in making a
positive difference in the communities we
serve. From the physicians, nurses and
administrators in our hospitals to our
employees and board of directors – we
appreciate your passion and commitment to
our ongoing success.
We enter 2004 with great enthusiasm and
do not intend to rest on our past achievements.
We believe that the greatest opportunities are
still ahead for Community Health Systems.
Our goal is to turn these opportunities into
greater value for our shareholders and build a
better future for the communities we serve.
Thank you for the support your investment
provides and we hope that you will continue to
be a part of our future.
Sincerely,
Wayne T. Smith
Chairman of the Board, President and
Chief Executive Officer
W. Larry Cash
Executive Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer