Letter to Stockholders:

Community Health Systems, Inc. celebrated its tenth anniversary as a public company during 2010. As we reflect on the past decade, we have many reasons to be proud of our Company and our accomplishments. We have enjoyed a solid record of operational excellence and a pattern of steady growth that has positioned Community Health Systems, Inc. at the top of our industry. Our proven centralized operating platform leverages our scale and experience and continues to deliver favorable results. Above all, we have established strong relationships with the communities across the United States that we serve, and we are especially proud of the reputation we have earned as a trusted partner and consistent and effective health care provider. We have successfully fulfilled our mission to enhance the level and quality of healthcare services in our local communities and, at the same time, delivered greater value for our stockholders. More importantly, through the investments we have made in our hospitals, our people and our communities, we have positioned the Company for continued success in the decades to come. We are pleased that 2010 not only marked an important anniversary milestone, but also extended our record of delivering solid financial and operating performance. Revenues for the year were a record $13.0 billion, surpassing the previous year's record of $12.1 billion by 7.3 percent. Income from continuing operations increased to $348.4 million in 2010, up 14 percent over the prior year. We also delivered increased earnings to our shareholders as net income increased by 15.1 percent to $280 million, or $3.01 per diluted share, compared with $243.2 million, or $2.66 per diluted share, in 2009.

Today, more than ever, the hospital industry faces a variety of challenges across the country and many of our communities are experiencing economic hardships. Proposed legislative changes to our national healthcare system continue to evolve, creating another level of uncertainty. Our track record demonstrates that Community Health Systems, Inc. has the ability to meet these challenges head on and succeed in a dynamic environment. As a national hospital company with facilities in 29 states, our geographically diverse portfolio has provided a competitive advantage, especially in an uncertain economic environment. Our hospitals have strong positions in each of their respective markets and no one state represents a disproportionate percentage of our revenues or admissions. Even in difficult market conditions, we have been able to consistently drive cost efficiencies, recruit and retain qualified physicians, and implement administrative and clinical best practices in all of our hospitals. As we have added more hospital facilities to our portfolio, we have also made the necessary capital investments to expand and enhance the level of healthcare services, keep pace with technological advancements and improve the patient experience. While each of our markets has unique strengths and needs, our shared goal is to ensure we have the right infrastructure, technologies and clinical services for all of our hospitals. In 2010, we spent over $667 million on major capital improvement projects, including $36 million for replacement hospital facilities. We believe our ongoing commitment to make the appropriate capital investments for organic growth has continued to drive market share expansion. Over time, we have demonstrated that these investments have provided incremental benefits for both the Company and the communities we serve.

Even in difficult market conditions, we have been able to consistently drive cost efficiencies, recruit and retain qualified physicians, and implement administrative and clinical best practices in all of our hospitals.
W
A Y N E

T .

S

M I T H

Perhaps more than any other aspect of our business strategy, effective physician recruitment and retention is essential to our success. Qualified physicians play a vital role, particularly in local community hospitals, in providing the right complement of healthcare services on a consistent basis. This, in turn, keeps patients close to home, drives volumes in our hospitals and creates additional revenue streams from new specialty services. Our proven ability to attract and retain qualified physicians in our communities has been a strong competitive advantage for our organization. Last year was our most successful to date as we exceeded our stated recruitment goals and added 1,852 new physicians to our ranks, including a number of clinical specialists. At the same time, we have maintained a strong physician retention rate as a result of our intense focus on practice development and ongoing support. Throughout 2010, we have continued to extend our market reach through selective acquisitions, adding five new hospitals. Our strategy has always been focused on identifying hospital facilities with the most opportunity for growth that meet our operating profile. We have a proven track record for the successful integration of these facilities with improved operating results, earning us a very favorable reputation as a trusted partner in the communities we serve. With the current healthcare regulatory climate, we believe there are significant opportunities for us to pursue additional acquisitions with a greater number of independent hospitals and health systems looking for established and operationally-focused partners. We can provide the experience and financial resources to support and maintain these local community hospitals. We look forward to working together with each new hospital partner as we deliver on our commitment to provide quality healthcare close to home.

We are proud of our performance in 2010 and even more proud of what Community Health Systems, Inc. represents and the significance of what our people have accomplished this past year. The dedication and commitment to excellence can be seen throughout the organization and in each and every one of our hospitals. We are fortunate to benefit from an exceptional management team and board of directors, with the support of an unrivaled team of dedicated physicians, nurses and hospital administrators. We are especially appreciative to the people who live and work in the communities we serve -- for believing in what we stand for and in our ability to deliver results. We are excited about the future, and remain confident in our continued success in 2011 and beyond. We close by thanking you, our fellow stockholders, for sharing that confidence through your investment in Community Health Systems, Inc.

Sincerely,

Wayne T. Smith Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

