Letter to Stockholders:

There are many ways to measure the performance of a company. Whatever metric is applied, 2012 was a successful year for Community Health Systems, Inc. and our stockholders. Our financial results were strong. Our long track record of year-over-year growth continued. Most exciting was our work to advance clinical quality, safety and the patient experience in 135 affiliated hospitals across the country. Our success is fundamentally rooted in the outstanding clinical care provided in each of our hospitals. Our skilled medical staffs, nurses and other caregivers underscore this rigorous commitment to quality in millions of positive patient encounters annually, including over 700,000 inpatient admissions and more than 3.1 million emergency department visits in 2012. Fifty of our affiliated hospitals were named Top Performers on Key Quality MeasuresTM by The Joint Commission, the nation's largest accrediting agency for healthcare organizations. This public recognition of exemplary performance was earned by only 18 percent of the more than 3,400 eligible and accredited hospitals in the U.S. in 2012 and is based on evidence-based clinical processes that improve care for certain medical conditions. We value the trust of the patients and communities we serve and have intensified our efforts to create inherently safe hospital environments. In 2011, we applied for and received listing status for our patient safety organization by the Health and Human Services Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality. In 2012, we utilized industry-leading performance techniques in a strenuous effort to reduce errors and prevent serious safety events. Our imperative to improve the safety of the care provided is an ongoing effort that will never cease. Balancing disciplined deployment of our resources with the unique needs of our hospitals, we continued to make significant capital investments. We invested $769 million in capital improvements to enhance our facilities, bring sophisticated medical technology and clinical information

systems to our communities, expand healthcare services and create a more coordinated and comfortable patient experience. We opened three brand new, state-of-the-art replacement hospitals in Arkansas, California and Indiana. Physician recruitment has always been a hallmark of our success and critically important to our communities. This was true again in 2012 as we recruited 2,125 physicians, an increase of 14 percent over the previous year. We grew our clinical capacity even more by adding 115 mid-level licensed healthcare practitioners. Recruiting medical professionals is essential to our hospitals; retaining them is equally important. Our focus on practice development and ongoing support facilitates long-term, productive relationships. As a result, our retention rate and physician satisfaction levels are consistently strong. Our hospitals generate even more tangible benefit through the expenditure of millions of dollars to employ local residents, provide charity care for those who can't afford health services and through taxes paid to support their communities. We are proud of our accomplishments especially because we operate in challenging times. Federal policy and other governmental dynamics continue to affect all aspects of the healthcare industry. Hospital operators are functioning under the constant pressure of lowered reimbursement rates even as regulatory requirements and the corresponding cost of compliance become more stringent and expensive. In 2012, the U.S. Supreme Court's landmark decision upholding the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act brought some clarity about the implementation of reforms, but there were also new uncertainties as states were empowered to make their own decisions about whether to expand Medicaid programs and establish health insurance exchanges. Regardless, millions of currently uninsured Americans will soon gain access to health coverage and the healthcare system.

Community Health Systems is well positioned for the transformative period ahead.
W A Y N E T. S M I T H

We have been preparing for this influx of newly insured patients, developing the necessary infrastructure across our entire system. We also have established integrated healthcare delivery networks in markets where we have a significant presence, including Arkansas, Indiana, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Washington. While each hospital is independently licensed and operated, they are collaborating with one another and with physicians in their communities to deliver a comprehensive, coordinated healthcare experience for patients. Integrated networks strengthen our competitive position and create alignments that will increase quality, reduce waste, make healthcare more affordable and, ultimately, lead to greater value for patients. As an organization, we have built lasting success on an absolute ability to execute growth strategies. With the acquisition of four additional hospitals in 2012, we now operate 135-affiliated hospitals nationwide. The assimilation of other recent acquisitions has accelerated their ability to achieve operational improvements. Looking ahead, we see significant opportunities for further expansion, but we will continue to be selective in our approach, looking for hospitals that meet our operating objectives and show the most potential for growth. In all of our hospitals we are implementing strategies to increase clinical programs, build market share and reduce outmigration. Our core purpose will always be to make high-quality affordable health services available in local communities so patients can find the care they need close to home. Our operating model and ability to adjust to dynamic market conditions is reflected in our financial results. 2012 was another solid year. Consolidated revenues reached $13.0 billion, a 9.4 percent increase over 2011. Income from continuing operations was $346.3 million, up from $335.9 million in the prior year. Net income from continuing operations for the year was $2.96 per share (diluted) compared with $2.87 per share (diluted) in 2011. Excluding the loss on early extinguishment of

debt, our net income from continuing operations was $418.1 million and earnings per share were $3.77 (diluted) in 2012. Cash flow from 2012 operations was $1.28 billion compared with $1.26 billion in 2011. And we shared that success with stockholders by paying a special one-time dividend of $0.25 per share at the end of the year, our first dividend since becoming a public company in 2000. The opportunity to provide a return on our stockholders' investment reflects a solid financial position and reinforces our confidence in the company's future. On a same-store basis, net operating revenues increased 4.6 percent over 2011. We were encouraged by more favorable volume trends in our hospitals in 2012, especially during the second half of the year. Our company is well positioned for the transformative period ahead. Community Health Systems is a healthy and prosperous organization that is defined by a relentless commitment to quality care, the impressive caliber of our human resources, the synergies and scale made possible by the sheer size of our organization and our demonstrated ability to produce sustainable results in every aspect of our business. I would like to thank the extraordinary physicians, hospital employees and local administrators who, with the support of our exceptional management team and board of directors, have made our past success possible and our future promising. I also thank you, our stockholders, for your continued confidence and support. Sincerely,

Wayne T. Smith Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

