WAYNE T. SMITH Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

Letter to Shareholders

Community Health Systems enjoyed an exceptional year in 2002. During a period marked by a faltering economy and a sense
W. LARRY CASH Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer

We are pleased to share with you our key accomplishments for the year: · Net operating revenues increased nearly 30 percent over the prior year, and earnings per share, before extraordinary items, were up over 94 percent from 2001 · Admissions at our hospitals were up 23.8 percent, and adjusted admissions, which factor in outpatient visits, were up 24.4 percent on a consolidated basis · Six new hospitals were added to our portfolio, as we again led the non-urban hospital industry in acquisitions for 2002 · Physician recruitment efforts placed 447 new physicians including over 290 specialists in our community hospital facilities, up from 378 physicians added in 2001 · Over $114 million was invested in hospital replacement and service improvement initiatives Our strong financial position enabled us to fund the necessary investments to successfully execute our strategy in 2002. As of December 31, 2002, our balance sheet reflects $2.8 billion in total assets, $1.2 billion in long-term debt and $329 million in working capital. Effective management of our capital structure led to an improved debt-to-capitalization ratio of 50% at the end of 2002. In July, we announced the completion of a $1.2 billion senior secured credit facility, consisting of an $850 million term loan that matures in 2010 and a six-year $350 million revolving credit facility. This new credit facility extends the Company's debt maturities by approximately five years, and has a feature that allows an additional $200 million of future funded term loans. With our strong balance sheet and improved access to capital, we have greater financial flexibility and believe we are well positioned to continue to opportunistically grow our business through selective acquisitions.

of uncertainty across the nation, our role as a leading healthcare provider took on even greater meaning. In challenging times, it is particularly gratifying to be in an industry where our success as a company can make a difference in the communities we serve.
At Community Health Systems, we recognize that investor confidence in public companies is essential and must be restored. We have adopted and are committed to corporate governance principles and practices that protect the shareholder's interest. Community Health Systems is fortunate to have a very strong board of independent directors who are actively involved in the leadership and oversight of our business, with particular attention to our compliance with accounting, financial and regulatory standards. We have the highest confidence in our system of internal practices and policies and, above all, in the integrity of our employees. While our considerable progress over the past year can be measured in numerous ways, our ability to enhance the quality of life in non-urban communities across the nation by providing quality healthcare is our greatest achievement. Our unwavering commitment and consistent execution have positioned Community Health Systems at the top of our industry. More importantly, the communities we serve have rewarded us with their trust and confidence in our ability to deliver on the promises we make.

Community Health Systems' impressive top-line growth reflects improved volume and the benefits of the acquisitions and capital investments in our facilities during the past year. Our standardized and centralized operating platform has continued to be a key differentiator for the Company. In 2002, our same store growth metrics demonstrated the strength of this model as evidenced by a 4.4% increase in admissions, 5.1% improvement in adjusted admissions, and a 9.7% increase in net revenues compared with 2001. Notably, we have also delivered eleven consecutive quarters of same store growth in admissions and revenues since becoming a public company. As we continue to assimilate additional hospitals into our

Even as we extended our reach in 2002, we remained focused on the heart of our business ­ delivering quality healthcare. This year, 23 of our hospitals were surveyed by the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations with an average score above 96. Essential to this important objective is recruiting quality physicians. As we acquire new facilities, a top priority is to bring new physicians, including specialists, into the community to ensure that our hospitals provide a continuum of quality, cost-effective healthcare. The primary focus of our operating strategy is to effectively position Community Health Systems' hospitals in the marketplace to meet the local healthcare demands of the

"Our favorable reputation reflects our steadfast commitment to improving the level of healthcare in the non-urban communities we ser ve."
portfolio, our standardized and centralized approach allows us to effectively implement our systems and processes into our new facilities in a timely manner. In addition, this platform provides local hospital management teams with substantial resources to improve hospital operations and ultimately deliver more favorable and consistent results. We believe our success validates the strength of our operating strategy and our ability to continue to expand revenues and margins at our facilities. Community Health Systems' proven acquisition strategy was a key driver of our success in 2002. Not only did we exceed our own acquisitions goal for the year, we led the industry with six acquisitions. Notably, we also extended our geographic reach in 2002 from 20 to 22 states as we added hospitals in West Virginia and New Jersey. We believe that geographic diversity is an important competitive advantage in our industry. With no state accounting for more than 15 percent of the Company's net revenue, we avoid disproportionate exposure to any unfavorable state-level regulatory issues or reimbursement system changes. In addition, with our operating teams distributed throughout different markets, we can leverage our strong community relationships and reputation into further acquisition opportunities. As we enter 2003, we have continued to build momentum with the acquisition of seven facilities formerly affiliated with Methodist Healthcare in Tennessee, and the proposed acquisition of a hospital in Petersburg, Virginia. Our recognition in the marketplace as the acquirer of choice has allowed us to continue this pace of growth. More importantly, our favorable reputation reflects our steadfast commitment to improving the level of healthcare in the non-urban communities we serve. community and stem outmigration. Even though our facilities are typically the sole provider of acute-care services in the community, our goal is to drive admissions by providing hospital care and vital services close to home, and not lose market share to the nearest urban hospitals. Therefore, recruiting and maintaining quality physicians and adequate nursing staff, as well as enhancing the facilities and level of services offered, are critical to our mission. More importantly, we strive to make our hospitals a desirable place to work and above all, create a culture that fosters service and compassion in patient care. We extend our heartfelt thanks to all of our dedicated employees, medical staffs and volunteers who honor this commitment and make a difference each and every day. We continue to believe the operating environment for well-managed non-urban hospitals looks favorable and we are excited about the opportunities before us in 2003. We believe we are well positioned to sustain our leadership position and continue to deliver excellent results for both our shareholders and the communities we serve. Thank you for your support and confidence in the future of Community Health Systems. Sincerely,

Wayne T. Smith
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

W. Larry Cash
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

