Letter to Stockholders
Community Health Systems marked its thirtieth anniversary in 2015, a fitting time to reflect on the past and to consider our future. Over three decades, we have grown from a small, rural hospital operator into one of the largest healthcare companies in the United States.
Wayne T. Smith
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

We're proud of our accomplishments, but also acknowledge there have been challenges inherent in growth along the way. Looking forward now, we remain committed to the same core values that have always defined us and to our steadfast culture that promotes the highest quality healthcare services. We also recognize the ever present need for adaptation in order to create an even stronger company and more value for our stockholders. We recorded positive achievements in 2015, but it was also a dis appointing year from some business perspectives. We did not achieve all of our goals. It has taken longer than expected to turn around some of the former Health Management Associates hospitals which were acquired in 2014. Some of these hospitals had large operational, capital and managerial issues that required our attention and resources before we could begin to focus on their growth. However, we expect progress over time and still see opportunity to realize the full value of these assets. Meanwhile, we continue to achieve our synergy projections as we finish integrating this very substantial acquisition. We achieved our estimated benefit from the Affordable Care Act in 2015 and we were encouraged to see good growth during the most recent open enrollment period for the health insurance marketplace. However, we recorded an increase in the allowance for doubtful accounts due to a change in accounting estimates related to less

collections and more write offs than previously estimated. Addition ally, some of the states where we operate hospitals have failed, so far, to expand their Medicaid programs leaving vulnerable citizens without access to affordable healthcare and resulting in a higher level of unpaid accounts at hospitals in these states. We expect, eventually, most states will expand their Medicaid programs, which will benefit the residents of those states and our operations. Beyond these challenges, other external forces and economic con ditions adversely affected healthcare industry stocks. We ended the year with a stock price of $26.53. Excluding certain adjustments the Company has previously disclosed, our consolidated revenues exceeded $19.4 billion, our adjusted EBITDA (Earnings before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization) was over $2.67 billion, and our adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations were $2.29 (diluted). The financial results for the year ended December 31, 2015, include a $169 million increase in the Company's allowance for doubtful accounts on the December 31, 2015 consolidated balance sheet related to a change in estimate recorded during the three months ended December 31, 2015. This adjustment reduced net operating revenues and adjusted EBITDA by $169 million, or $0.94 per share (diluted), for the year ended December 31, 2015. While we did not meet expectations in 2015, it was still a profitable year.

2

JOI N T COM M ISSION

PERFORMERS
HONOREES

TOP

JOI NT CO M M I SSION

PERFORMERS SERIOUS SAFETY EVENTS
HONOREES

% TOPREDUCTION

REDUCTION
SERIOUS SAFETY EVENTS

%

The Joint Commission named 118 CHS-affiliated hospitals to its prestigious annual list of Top Performers on Key Quality Measures®. Top Performers were recognized for exemplary performance on evidence-based clinical processes for certain conditions, including heart attack, heart failure, pneumonia, surgical care, children's asthma, inpatient psychiatric services, venous thromboembolism, stroke, perinatal care, immunization, tobacco treatment and substance use.

Since April 2013, our legacy hospitals have reduced Serious Safety Events by 68% through June 30, 2015, using techniques from high risk industries like nuclear power and aviation to create inherently safe hospital environments.

In 2015, we decided to redefine our long-term strategy by announc ing plans for the tax-free spin-off of Quorum Health Corporation, which will include 38 of our hospitals along with our management and consulting subsidiary, Quorum Health Resources, LLC. This strategic move will create two companies with distinct opportunities for growth. By divesting many of our smaller facilities, Community Health Systems will be better positioned to focus on our larger mar kets and to invest in our statewide and regional healthcare systems. In addition to the planned spin-off of Quorum Health Corporation, over the past two years, we have divested 11 hospitals and will continue refining our portfolio for maximum potential. Quorum Health Corporation should have unique growth prospects-- both for its management services and in its ability to increase the number of facilities owned--as more independent hospitals turn to a partner capable of providing the resources necessary for sustainable operations, the advantages of scale and the expertise to succeed in a highly regulated, extremely complex industry. We are excited about the outlook for this new company and the value we believe the spin-off holds for our stockholders. The needs of our patients and the way they consume healthcare continue to change--rapidly. We are changing, too, by accelerating our growth in outpatient services and forging ahead with virtual

health and telemedicine programs. We have launched direct-toconsumer virtual visits in several states to offer convenient, low-price, anytime and all-the-time access to physicians. Other telemedicine initiatives remotely connect specialists to patients, increasing our ability to deliver critical, sophisticated medical expertise on demand and at a lower cost. We have opened more urgent care centers, extended hours and added walk-in service in primary care offices, and we are building digital engagement strategies like online scheduling and more robust patient portals that allow consumers greater control over their healthcare decisions. More than half of our revenue comes from outpatient care. We will continue to direct a significant portion of our investments toward these services. We are now operating 59 ambulatory surgery centers, six freestanding emergency rooms, 44 urgent care centers, hundreds of physician practices and multi-specialty clinics, 81 home health agencies, and 164 diagnostic centers. In 2015, there were 4,152 physicians recruited to our hospitals and clinics. Of course, the strong foundation on which we've built a successful business is our acute-care hospitals. At the end of 2015, we operated 197 hospitals. The emergency care, diagnostic services, medical and

2015 ANNUAL REPORT Community Health Systems, Inc.

3

Community Health Hospitals Quorum Health Hospitals

COMMUNITY HEALTH SYSTEMS, INC.
CHS has evolved from a collection of smaller hospitals into complex and diversified portfolio of hospitals and healthcare systems.

QUORUM HEALTH CORPORATION
84% of the hospitals that will become part of Quorum Health Corporation are sole community providers and 74% were recognized by The Joint Commission as Top Performers on Key Quality Measures® in 2014.

29 197 30,238
As of March 1, 2016
4

STATES

HOSPITALS

LICENSED BEDS

16 38 3,582
STATES

HOSPITALS LICENSED BEDS

Nothing is more important to us than providing excellent healthcare. In hospitals and physician practices across the nation, we save lives, improve the human condition, restore strength and preserve health.

surgical treatments provided by these hospitals means peace of mind for millions of people who can take comfort in knowing that help is close by when needed. Clinical excellence will always be the true north to which our compass is set, the guiding force in all that we do. We continue to position our organization for value-based purchasing programs and accountable care. In 2015, we established the framework for Clinically Integrated Networks in select markets in Arkansas, Florida and Pennsylvania and we are evaluating additional markets for future development. Nothing is more important to us than providing excellent healthcare. In hospitals and physician practices across the nation, we save lives, improve the human condition, restore strength and preserve health. It's a great source of pride that 118 of our affiliated hospitals were recognized by The Joint Commission as Top Performers in Key Quality Measures® in 2015. No other hospital system in the country operates more Top Performers. We are deeply grateful to the physicians, nurses, and other caregivers who make this notable accomplishment possible. Our consistent effort to eliminate episodes of preventable harm continues to produce a safer patient experience. Since April 2013, we have reduced the rate of serious safety events by 68 percent in hospitals that have been part of our network since we began measur ing such progress. In practical terms, this means we've found ways to prevent errors before they can occur--positively affecting hundreds of patients. We expect that our more recently acquired hospitals will soon report that they are achieving similarly impressive results. Our financial strength means healthier economies, too. In 2015, we invested more than $950 million to build and renovate facilities, purchase medical technologies and expand health services. More than 137,000 people are employed by our affiliates; in many cases our hospital is the largest employer in town. Millions of dollars paid in taxes are irreplaceable to local schools, government services and the infrastructure of our communities, everywhere. For those who can't afford healthcare, we provided $3.4 billion in charity, discounts and uncompensated care.

Many of the initiatives we worked on in 2015 should yield better results in 2016. We see opportunities for growth in key markets and services, greater profitability, and more value for our stockholders. Through the hard lessons learned last year, we reaffirm our commit ment to operational excellence and promise to relentlessly pursue the principles and opportunities that will create lasting results. Personally, I want to thank our Board of Directors for its track record of strong corporate governance and its unwavering support for the success of our organization. I'm deeply grateful to our cor porate management team and local administrators who have the character, capability and fortitude to move us forward. Of course, my deepest admiration is always reserved for the physicians and mid-level providers, the nurses and other medical professionals, and all of the employees who support their work--they take great care of their patients and keep our business going day after day. Finally, I thank you, our stockholders, for your investment in Community Health Systems. Be assured, we are devoted to earning your ongoing trust and confidence right now--and always. Sincerely,

Wayne T. Smith Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

2015 ANNUAL REPORT Community Health Systems, Inc.

5

