Dear Fellow Shareholder:

In 2011, Dana Holding Corporation exceeded all of its key financial targets. We achieved this performance while continuing to invest in the driveline, sealing, and thermal-management technologies our customers need to build better, more efficient vehicles. In short, we strengthened the foundation for growth and shareholder value going forward.

Roger Wood President and Chief Executive Officer

In the year ended December 31, 2011, we increased sales by 24 percent over the previous year to $7.6 billion. Net income reached $219 million, compared to $11 million in 2010. We generated free cash flow of $174 million on adjusted EBITDA of $765 million; the latter represented a 38-percent improvement over the prior year and a 10.1-percent margin for 2011. Just as important, we achieved these results while maintaining a strong balance sheet, with total liquidity of $1.4 billion, and making significant investments in our businesses. We increased our spending on engineering by more than 17 percent and increased the collaboration among our 15 technical centers around the world, enhancing our ability to serve our customers with innovative solutions and deliver bottom-line results. While the global rebound in production volumes benefitted the entire industry, Dana outpaced the markets' expansion. This strong evidence shows that we are on the right course, and it validates our strategy of investing in innovative product technologies and targeted acquisitions to better serve our customers.

Business Diversification and Global Growth Achieving a greater balance in our businesses, both geographically and in our market sectors, is another key focus for us, and we made significant gains in both regards last year. Strategic investments in Asia and South America boosted our 2011 sales in these important regions by $400 million. Additionally, our increased investment in Dongfeng Dana Axle Co., Ltd. (DDAC), provides us with a 50-percent ownership in this Chinabased joint venture that generated sales of nearly $1 billion in 2011. With the inclusion of DDAC, our sales in the heavy vehicle sector increased for the third consecutive year to reach 39 percent of our total; our off-highway business has maintained a strong share of our overall mix at 20 percent; and, while up in 2011, our light vehicle sales represent 41 percent of our total, a smaller share of our overall volume today than a few years ago.

Dana Holding Corporation

2011 Annual Report

03

New business wins are an essential indicator of the future. In 2011, we were awarded more than $1 billion in cumulative net new business, which will generate incremental sales in the 2011 to 2015 timeframe. More than 40 percent of these awards represent conquests over competitors. Quality and Productivity Gains Critical to our ability to deliver worldclass products to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and aftermarket customers are the performance improvements made by individuals and teams inside our plants around the world. For a second consecutive year, our global production facilities achieved world-class quality in products delivered to customers. Through the Dana Operating System ­ and more than 700 continuous-improvement workshops ­ Dana employees made significant gains in other key areas as well, such as safety, productivity, inventory reduction, and machine changeover time.

Improved Performance Across All Segments Sales for Dana's Light Vehicle Driveline business grew 13 percent in 2011, well beyond the increase we saw in OEM production. EBITDA was up 15 percent. Year-over-year margin improvement highlighted the fact that we more than offset higher material costs with productivity and cost-saving actions. Business growth highlights included a new contract with a major Asian OEM to provide gear boxes for all-electric SUVs and minivans, a contract to supply driveshafts for a future Suzuki vehicle to be manufactured in Europe, and several business wins in China. Commercial Vehicle sales were up nearly 54 percent in 2011, compared to the prior year, while EBITDA improved by 57 percent and margins increased by 20 basis points. Along with these improvements in operating performance,
Dana's new Spicer® Pro-40TM family of tandem drive axles offers dramatic weight savings ­ they weigh 120 pounds less than competitive products ­ and improves power density. Such drivetrain technologies from Dana help truck fleet owners increase payload while reducing fuel consumption.

Business Diversification
Revenues by Region*
North America ­ 39% All Other Customers ­ 48% Dongfeng ­ 7% South America ­ 16% PACCAR ­ 6% Volkswagen ­ 5% Chrysler ­ 4% General Motors ­ 3% Nissan ­ 3% Daimler ­ 3% Hyundai Mobis ­ 3% Volvo ­ 3% Heavy Vehicle ­ 39%

Revenues by Customer*
Ford ­ 15%

Revenues by Product Market*
Off-Highway ­ 20% Light Vehicle ­ 41%

Asia-Pacific ­ 20%

Europe ­ 25%

* Includes 100 percent of sales of Dongfeng Dana Axle Co., Ltd., Dana's 50:50 joint venture in China, from January 1, 2011.

we were the recipient of important recognition for new products and technology. Our development of the Spicer
®

Sales for our Off-Highway Driveline business climbed 38 percent last year, reflecting substantially improved market conditions. EBITDA for the segment improved by nearly 70 percent and margins improved 200 basis points, with strong sales in the construction segment contributing significantly to this profit improvement. New business in this segment was won through product development and expansion of our manufacturing footprint. New value-oriented transmissions will be used by two Chinese manufacturers of construction vehicles, and the expansion of our manufacturing footprint in India helped us win incremental new business with John Deere in that country. Another program secured in 2011 will involve supplying axles to a global tractor platform from Dana plants in China and South America. We also launched a new joint venture, Dana Rexroth Transmission Systems, to market hydro-mechanical variable transmissions, or HVTs, which improve fuel efficiency by up to 20 percent for various types of off-highway equipment. Our Power Technologies segment benefitted from both increased vehicle production and our ability to introduce products that attract new business. Segment sales were up 12 percent, while EBITDA improved nearly 11 percent, with a strong EBITDA margin of 13 percent. Our expertise in sealing and thermal-management technologies is delivering critical solutions throughout the light, heavy, and off-highway vehicle markets we serve.

Diamond SeriesTM driveshaft was recognized with Frost & Sullivan's Technology Innovation Award. Our Spicer Pro-40®
Hydro-mechanical variable transmissions developed through Dana's joint venture with Bosch Rexroth AG are expected to produce fuel savings of as much as 20 percent on off-highway vehicles.

tandem axle was named a top product of the year by Heavy Duty Trucking magazine. Together, these products cut driveline weight by 200 pounds for greater freight-hauling capacity and fuel efficiency. We also strengthened our presence in emerging markets with the completion and successful integration into Dana of three key acquisitions or partnerships in the past year. We acquired an additional

Its strategic transaction with SIFCO S.A. in 2011 immediately positioned Dana as the leading supplier of full commercial vehicle drivelines ­ including newly added steer axles (top image below), drive axles, driveshafts, and suspension components ­ in South America.

46 percent interest in DDAC, taking our total interest to 50 percent. DDAC now represents our largest overseas manufacturing base. We also acquired the heavy-duty axle business of our Axles India Limited equity affiliate. And, our strategic agreement with SIFCO S.A. in South America transformed Dana into the leading full-service provider of commercial vehicle driveline systems in the region.

Dana Holding Corporation

2011 Annual Report

05

We recently developed a new engine cooling solution for a major OEM that combines sealing and thermal technologies in a total system. Several of our Power Technologies products can be found on seven of Ward's "10 Best Engines" list, as well as on the North American Truck of the Year ­ the Land Rover Evoque. We continue to win new business with products that support alternative-energy solutions, such as battery-cooling technology for electric and hybrid vehicles. Driving Future Performance While we are encouraged by the accomplishments of Dana in the past year, we are continuously mindful of the fact that ours is a very competitive industry ­ in a global market and in all business cycles. To sustain a high level of performance, we are committed to building on the foundation we have set. We will maintain our focus on innovation to bring the best engineered solutions to our customers, make smart investments to expand our global presence, and improve efficiency throughout our operations, from material procurement to product delivery. We will continue to invest in technology that enhances fuel efficiency, improves emissions, and decreases vehicle operating costs. We will also continue to invest resources to increase capacity or enable joint ventures to bring us closer to our OEM and aftermarket customers in key global markets. At the same time, we will maintain a vigilant watch on costs and enhance productivity to strengthen margins.

And we are committed to pursuing this agenda while maintaining a strong balance sheet and generating increased value to our shareholders. We are gratified that the market has recognized our progress through the appreciation of Dana shares in the past few years. We are pleased that we were able to apply some of our strong cash flow to returning value directly to shareholders by initiating a dividend on common stock in the first quarter of 2012. We are grateful for the support of our shareholders and are committed to delivering performance that will reward your confidence in us. On behalf of our board of directors and our employees around the world, thank you for your continued support of Dana Holding Corporation. Sincerely,
Dana's thermal-management technology, now part of 20 electric and hybrid-electric platforms, helps automakers overcome the challenge of removing heat from tightly packed battery cells, extending lithium-ion battery life. Dana's active warmup units improve fuel economy by as much as 5 percent by improving the cold-start phase of gasoline engines.

Roger Wood President and Chief Executive Officer

