Dear Fellow Shareholder, Since joining Dana in August, I have been impressed by the commitment and dedication of so many colleagues to position the company for sustained success. These efforts are paying dividends, both in our performance and with our customers. Thanks to teamwork and tenacity, Dana is very well positioned to accelerate our success through our technological leadership and a robust strategy for profitable growth.
A strong indicator of our success is our sustained financial strength amid challenging economic environments. We recorded our fifth consecutive year of double-digit margins with adjusted EBITDA for the year of $652 million, or 10.8 percent, on nearly $6.1 billion in sales. We embrace our role in a rapidly changing world and differentiate our company by delivering cutting-edge innovations that help our customers expedite the introduction of new products, manage the complexity of integration, capitalize on the expanding regulatory environment, support global platforms, improve vehicle efficiency, and reduce the total cost of ownership for end-users.

Although not apparent in our revenue figures, we are growing the business. Adjusting for the effects of currency translation and a divestiture, we grew the underlying base business in 2015 ­ despite a Brazilian market that is severely depressed. Further, three of our four business segments combined to drive organic growth of 5 percent while delivering higher margins over the previous year. Sales in our Commercial Vehicle group were impacted by a weak Brazilian market and a major initiative to reorganize its supply base. With that initiative now complete, the business is better positioned for success going forward. We will capitalize on new opportunities and challenges in 2016 by focusing on a culture that helps our people succeed with integrity, is committed to optimizing product design and minimizing waste, and aligns profitable growth with exceptional customer service.

Our strong balance sheet and free cash flow of nearly $150 million in 2015 provides us with ready access to capital and the footing we need to take advantage of opportunities, both organic and inorganic. Additionally, we increased our quarterly dividend rate by 20 percent over the previous year, while also repurchasing $311 million of common stock. This brings our total shares repurchased to $1.4 billion since program inception in October 2012. Highly confident in the long-term prospects of the business, in January our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of an additional $300 million of common shares through 2017. Our strong position further validates the approaches we have taken to maintain our margins while fortifying our product portfolio.

Accelerating Our Progress Leveraging Our Talent to Cultivate Innovations
Dana's success is directly attributable to the more than 23,000 employees who collaborate with nearly 3,500 original-equipment and aftermarket customers in 130 countries. Our people delve into the challenges faced by our customers, joining forces to address their issues and providing the optimal solution for each unique challenge. To support our employees, their families, and our communities, we promote a safe, healthy environment in which the highest ethical behavior is a priority. Our people emphasize working together ­ without ego or politics ­ bolstered by the freedom and support needed to challenge the status quo and find innovative solutions. Our investment in our people coincides with our commitment to research and development, which delivers an enviable roster of solutions and a considerable competitive advantage. In 2015, we boosted our investment in engineering to $183 million, the sixth consecutive yearly increase. As a result, Dana engineers are creating and inventing ­ with 2015 patent applications up 53 percent over the previous year. We are also actively engaged in improving our skills and processes through the Dana Operating System, which drives daily activities and encourages manufacturing excellence. These projects, workshops, and trainings increased by more than 55 percent last year. While some competitors have languished in the face of continued headwinds, Dana has strengthened its position thanks to a committed team that extends from our experienced leadership to the talented front-line employees who produce real-world solutions. Addressing their specific end markets, our four business units exhibit boundless entrepreneurial enthusiasm and capitalize on cross-businesssegment synergies to reduce cost and improve performance. The strength of this approach is reflected in our 2016-2018 sales backlog of $750 million, which has grown 10 percent over the three-year backlog we announced last year. Not only have we extended our reach through new programs in each of our businesses, but our growth has been bolstered by our people's diligence to drive value in key replacement programs, as well. On behalf of the Board of Directors and the thousands of Dana employees around the globe, I thank you for placing your trust in us as we leverage more than a century of technological leadership, a deep and wide global footprint, a proven process to drive sustained manufacturing excellence, and an outstanding human capital advantage to create vehicle applications that will accelerate our own performance while enhancing the prosperity of our customers. Sincerely,

Bolstering Our Financial Position
Dana has undergone a remarkable transformation through a disciplined approach that produces consistent returns for our shareholders while providing the flexibility we need to seize new opportunities.

James K. Kamsickas President and Chief Executive Officer

