To Our Fellow Shareholders
2009 marked the 150th anniversary of Diebold. During our long and proud history, few years have been as challenging and eventful ­ and fewer still have provided such fundamental opportunities to test the value we offer to our customers around the world.
I am proud that we met ­ and passed ­ these tests. We underscored the strength of our servicesdriven business strategy and continued to prove Diebold is indeed "built on service. " We successfully balanced the need to invest in our growth businesses with the need to remain competitive and reduce costs. Our employees joined together and delivered on many key initiatives, including:
 Expanding our Diebold Integrated Services®/  Continuing to improve our service gross margins  Further improving our efficiency and decreasing

costs while improving internal controls and compliance processes
 Strengthening our senior management team  Divesting our U.S. election systems business

All of these actions enable us to better focus on and capture opportunities as we drive for improved performance across the board in 2010 and future years.
Our confidence in Diebold's future is demonstrated by the board of directors' decision early in 2010 to increase our cash dividend for the 57th consecutive year.

outsourcing business
 Capitalizing on the rapid adoption of deposit

automation technology, including solutions that allow check imaging, cash handling, teller recycling, and payment and item processing
 Continuing our focus on key developing markets

such as Brazil, Russia, India and China
 Expanding our security solutions beyond the

financial market
 Strengthening our balance sheet with record free

cash flow

Thomas W. Swidarski
President and Chief Executive Officer

"This new era in banking ­ the evolution toward integrated services ­ will not play out overnight. We believe it will gain momentum in 2010 and 2011, aided in part by a recovery in our markets. We will be ready when it does."

2009 RESULTS

During 2009, the economy, financial markets and banking system endured enormous stresses, more than I have ever seen across my three decades working for and with financial institutions. In the United States, large banks focused on repairing their balance sheets and consolidating mergers and acquisitions from the previous year. Regional banks braced for an increase in commercial loan defaults. Smaller banks bore the brunt of the crisis: 80 percent of the 140 U.S. banks that failed during 2009 had less than $1 billion in assets.

Increasingly, this will mean building on our strong base of maintenance and advanced services to deliver world-class integrated services. This allows us to provide virtually all of a financial institution's non-core self-service operations, including hardware and software, transaction processing, governance and security. Why are integrated services and outsourcing increasingly attractive for banks around the world? Because they enable them to focus on their core business ­ banking ­ while improving service, streamlining processes and managing costs more
effectively. And what does a services-led strategy offer Diebold? The opportunity to take our relationships with our customers to a whole different level ­ to a level that catapults us from being a traditional seller of automated teller machines (ATMs) to a trusted partner. It opens up entirely new avenues of growth that leverage our innovation, expertise and capabilities.

Our strong balance sheet, record 2009 free cash flow and diverse business mix ­ with more than half of our revenues tied to services ­ allowed us to successfully navigate through this challenging environment.
OUR STRATEGY: BUILT ON SERVICE AND INNOVATION

The financial crisis of the past two years has only served to underscore the value of retail banking. Our opportunity ­ and our obligation to customers ­ is to provide the strategy, management and technical resources needed to help optimize this value. In an era of large-bank consolidation, this means providing state-of-the-art technology and service coverage. It also means partnering with customers of all sizes to develop creative solutions that reduce operating costs and capital spending, and offer attractive returns on their investments.

We continued to see growth in Diebold Integrated Services during 2009. For example, globally we added more than 6,000 new sites. Today our customers range from large global banks to smaller credit unions, with needs ranging from full information technology outsourcing ­ including the self-service channel and security ­ to select pieces of the infrastructure, such as currency management or monitoring.

2

This new era in banking ­ the evolution toward integrated services ­ will not play out overnight. We believe it will gain momentum in 2010 and 2011, aided in part by a recovery in our markets. We will be ready when it does. For example:
 We are a leader in integrated services, currently

 We received a platinum award for excellence in

manufacturing from Frost & Sullivan in association with The Economic Times at our facility in Goa, India.
DEPOSIT AUTOMATION CONTINUES TO GROW

Deposit automation is one of the fastest-growing technologies in the banking world, due largely to its potential to deliver attractive returns on capital and operating expense savings. To date, Diebold has shipped more than 50,000 deposit automation modules. Even in difficult times, customers' return on investment from this technology is compelling. During 2009, we took several steps to strengthen our competitive advantage in deposit automation technology. Most notable was the launch of our enhanced note acceptor (ENA), which accepts mixeddenomination deposits of up to 50 notes without using an envelope. The ENA, paired with our bulk check acceptor module, has the ability to process cash and checks simultaneously, providing consumers with the fastest, most dependable automated deposit experience available.

handling some 40,000 ATMs globally.
 We were listed as a top-10 outsourcing provider

within the services industry by the International Association of Outsourcing Professionals®.
 We were the highest-ranking ATM solutions provider

in the global FinTech 100, ranking fourth among all service providers to the financial services industry.
 We were named both the global physical security

systems integrator and North American monitoring provider of the year by Frost & Sullivan.
 Our Five-Diamond-rated monitoring center

expanded its reach in the government market by earning Underwriters Laboratories' prestigious 2050 certification.

3

"Diebold continues to enhance its competitive advantage by introducing 3000
2500 innovative ways to make complex business operations simpler for our customers.

3500

Our passion for providing customers with the best services ­ backed by robust 1500
1000 technologies ­ will continue to set us apart from competitors." 500 0

2000

International vs. Domestic Revenue
Percentage of Total Sales
100% 90 80 70 60 50 40 30 20 10 0 2004 2005 2006 International 2007 U.S. 2008 2009

services with our customers' need to reduce costs and improve capital spending. In Brazil, which continues to be a growth market for us, Diebold marked its 10th anniversary in 2009. In

61%

58%

51%

51%

48%

just a decade, Diebold has delivered more than 100,000
49%

ATMs, grown to more than 3,000 associates and has the largest independent information technology (IT) services organization in the country. In the fourth quarter of

39%

42%

49%

49%

52%

51%

2009, we were pleased to be awarded a major contract ­ valued at about $100 million ­ to provide 160,000 electronic voting machines to the Superior Electoral Court of Brazil for delivery in 2010. Asia, a region that has consistently delivered strong

GLOBAL MARKETS...AND GLOBAL MARKET OPPORTUNITIES

performance year after year, remains an important growth market, with China continuing to offer the most potential for Diebold. We were pleased that we maintained our revenue and customer base in China during 2009 despite a tough comparison to 2008, when the Olympics in Beijing spurred bank modernization and spending. Europe, a mature and fragmented market, continued to present challenges, as weakness in the banking sector held down capital spending on technology and services. However, we are beginning to see more positive trends emerge as banks recover and look to strengthen their competitive position.

The banking market opportunities vary significantly by region. The amount of business we are generating in emerging markets has grown considerably, and we continue to see significant long-term growth opportunities. Our challenge is to create an appropriate structure that allows us to continue to invest in key growth markets while improving our competitive position in the United States ­ particularly in high-priority areas such as deposit automation and integrated services. In the United States, a mature market, the opportunity is to leverage our value-added technology and

4

A SHARPER FOCUS FOR SECURITY

complex business operations simpler for our customers. Our passion for providing customers with the best services ­ backed by robust technologies ­ will continue to set us apart from competitors.
DELIVERING ON OUR GOALS

Looking at our security business, the lack of bank branch construction in North America continues to hit this segment especially hard. However, we believe the enterprise security and services portion of the business ­ particularly in government and commercial markets ­ holds significant long-term growth potential. During the year, we took action to ensure closer integration of our security offerings with our financial self-service business to drive increased penetration within the existing customer base. We also intensified our focus on large-scale enterprise security opportunities in the financial, government, commercial and retail spaces. And we continue to broaden our offerings by introducing additional security monitoring services to our portfolio, including fire, managed access control, energy management, remote video management and storage as well as logical security. These are growing areas where we have developed a strong competency in handling complex and integrated security installations that require advanced technologies and challenging logistics.

During the past year, we continued to make significant progress on SmartBusiness 200, our business improvement initiative that calls for cost reductions of $200 million by the end of 2011. Having hit the $100 million milestone by November 2008, we targeted and ultimately exceeded our goal of $35 million in 2009. As part of this effort, the company has worked hard to reconfigure our manufacturing capacity and supply chain to better align with current demand. During 2009, we ended all remaining Opteva® ATM manufacturing in our Lexington, N.C., facility, driving more volume and improving utilization and operating efficiency in our Budapest, Hungary, and Shanghai, China, facilities. We also consolidated warehouse operations and distribution centers in the United States. And our procurement team continued to drive supplier management and best practices across the organization, making our supply chain a competitive advantage.

Diebold continues to enhance its competitive advantage by introducing innovative ways to make

5

STRENGTHENING OUR MANAGEMENT TEAM

KEY GOALS FOR 2010

Successfully competing in today's marketplace requires a globally experienced, capable management team aligned with common goals and values. Toward that end we are realigning our organization and resources to better support our global opportunities:
 Brad Richardson, who brings a strong background

Looking ahead, there are encouraging signs of stabilization and growth in each of our major geographic areas. In the United States, large bank spending on retail banking technology, including deposit automation, is holding up well and interest from regional banks is growing. European banks, whose spending has been muted in recent years, are in the preliminary stages of increasing IT spending and capital allocation. Brazil presents significant growth opportunities, including the voting machine contract we were awarded late last year. Asia, and China in particular, look to continue recent growth trends. Our focus is on capturing this demand ­ and on converting these sales opportunities into longer-term, services-driven relationships whenever possible. We also see significant potential for better coordinating security with our financial self-service business as well as long-term growth opportunities in enterprise security. And we will continue to strike an appropriate balance between reducing costs and investing in our future growth while staying focused on maintaining a strong balance sheet and improving our financial control environment. That provides a snapshot of 2010. As our markets stabilize and begin to grow, we too should benefit. Over the long term, we believe that a 10 percent operating profit margin and 15 percent return on capital employed are achievable goals for Diebold. With the continued support of our customers, employees, shareholders and directors, we will work relentlessly to achieve our goals.

in finance and strategy, joined Diebold as executive vice president and chief financial officer.
 Chuck Ducey was appointed executive vice

president, North America operations, heading up financial self-service and security in the region, as well as integrated services.
 James Chen was appointed executive vice

president, international operations, overseeing operations in Asia Pacific, Europe, Middle East and Africa, and Latin America.
 Frank Natoli was appointed vice president and chief

technology officer, creating one team that meshes Diebold's global strategic and emerging technology roadmaps to develop solutions synchronized with customers' evolving business needs.
 John Deignan was named vice president and chief

marketing officer, responsible for all global financial self-service and security marketing activities, as well as sales support and business consulting activities. Finally, during 2009 we significantly strengthened the company's financial controls by improving systems, processes and procedures. These controls help ensure efficiency, accuracy and timeliness in our financial reporting.

Sincerely,

Thomas W. Swidarski President and Chief Executive Officer
6

