TO OUR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS
ANDY MATTES President and Chief Executive Officer

"Foundational" is a term organizations often use to describe their efforts to form core building blocks necessary for future success. Rarely has that word been more appropriate than in describing Diebold in 2015.
Last year we faced an environment that was challenging in several respects, one that only underscores the need to reshape the company. Accompanying the challenges, we also see clear opportunities. We have positioned Diebold to leverage those opportunities by reshaping our portfolio, accelerating our ability to add value through our services-led, software-enabled offering and introducing the newest financial self-service solutions in our industry. These foundational measures help create a runway for sustainable, profitable growth. Acquiring Phoenix Interactive Design, divesting our North America electronic security business to Securitas, forming a new joint venture for the China market, addressing our exposures in Brazil and Venezuela, and driving the combination with Wincor Nixdorf could individually be considered major building blocks for our company. For them all to occur in a single year gives new meaning to the term. But most important to our shareholders, customers and employees is this: Each of these actions has been made by design. Each action aligns with a well-thought-out strategic blueprint to create a company with a bright future, one with the scale to become a powerful force in our industry and one that can build increasing value going forward.

DIEBOLD

1

Our progress during the past year would not have been possible without the work that occurred during our Diebold 2.0 crawl phase that led us into the walk phase in 2015. Actions to reduce costs, strengthen our talent, upgrade our IT infrastructure and improve sales effectiveness structurally improved the company. These accomplishments were prerequisites to our agenda in 2015.

and networks is core to our growth strategy. In 2015 we signed new services deals with more than $350 million of total contract value, which will contribute to our services revenue growth over the next several years. We also improved our profitability and expanded our market share by taking over service on more and more competitors' ATMs ­ all while improving our overall customer satisfaction ratings. Among the new multivendor relationships we developed in 2015: a five-year agreement with a topthree U.S.-based bank to service more than 6,000 non-Diebold ATMs in North America, and a managed services contract with a major multinational bank in Mexico covering its entire fleet of approximately 2,200 ATMs. As of year-end we now provide services to

nearly 100,000 terminals in North America ­approximately 30 percent of which are under managed services ­ giving us a solid platform to continue growing this business. Our leadership team is translating our services-led, softwareenabled strategy into tangible wins in each of our regional businesses. North America is now leading the way, as our mix of services and software in the region grew to approximately 70 percent of revenue in 2015. These results give me confidence that our strategy is bearing fruit. Software is also integral to the omnichannel evolution in retail banking. Designing an industry-leading software offering likewise requires a multivendor approach. That insight and growing customer needs underpinned our decision to acquire Phoenix, a recognized leader in best-in-class,

Services and Software Designed for a Multivendor Marketplace
Fueling Diebold's long-term transformation is the company's key differentiator: services enabled by software. We are the industry leader in services, with nearly 9,000 of our 15,000 global employees focused on service knowledge and delivery. Expanding our capacity to provide value-added services for terminals

Fueling Diebold's long-term transformation is the company's key differentiator: services enabled by software.

2

2015 ANNUAL REPORT

multivendor, advanced function software. Phoenix's capabilities extend across the full spectrum of how consumers interact with their money: self-service, teller-assisted, online and mobile. This acquisition was a key strategic move that gives us a stronger software solution and accelerates our cadence in the fast-growing branch automation space. Following the integration of Phoenix, our software roadmap has progressed extremely well and we are establishing our leadership in multivendor software. This is evidenced by ground-breaking wins at Westpac in Australia, Banorte in Mexico and our first Phoenix software successes in the North America regional bank space ­ demonstrating growing market acceptance of our new software portfolio. Our expectation is that services and software will exceed 60 percent of total global revenue in 2016 and, over the mid-term, we project that ratio to climb to nearly two-thirds of annual sales.

Our leadership team is translating our services-led, software-enabled strategy into tangible wins in each of our regional businesses.

Design Imperative: Solutions in Sync with How Consumers Bank Today ­ and Tomorrow
We see many opportunities for growth in financial self-service. Taking full advantage of them requires that we sharpen our focus on that business and align our portfolio accordingly. Many of our reinvestment activities during the past two years focused on refreshing our product solutions set and resuming a position of thought leadership in our industry. As a result, we now have the most modern line

of ATMs in the industry. In 2015 we completed the rollout of a new suite of self-service terminals ­ the "Diebold series" ­ which raises the performance bar and offers a wide range of available features and capabilities with enhanced security. Mobile-ready functionality is harmonized with how consumers bank today. Features that enable deposit automation, including cash recycling and video conferencing to facilitate individualized service, are aligned with financial institutions' pressing need to increasingly automate branch functions and reduce operational costs.

DIEBOLD

3

At the 2015 Money 20/20 TM Conference, Diebold drew considerable attention from the banking industry and the media with two concepts ­ named Irving and Janus ­ that bridge the digital and physical worlds of cash in compelling new ways. These concepts define entirely new form factors for automated banking, where consumers utilize their mobile device, seamlessly connected via QR code readers and near-field technology, to facilitate transactions. In the case of Irving, we're leveraging our leadership in biometric technology to identify users via a scan of their iris. These fresh, unconventional design approaches have captured the interest of our customer Citibank, which is testing Irving in its labs.

Operational and Financial Highlights
A review of Diebold's 2015 operational performance points to several positive trends. We grew market share in nearly every geography we serve. EMEA was an especially strong contributor, with orders up by double digits in constant currency for the year. We demonstrated strong momentum in key European countries, and we're encouraged to see growth in regions where we made recent investments, such as the Middle East and Africa. Our new line of ATMs is soundly resonating with customers, especially in Latin America. While we had a lot to be proud of in 2015, we also dealt with very challenging economic and market

developments: The political and economic environment in China, Brazil and Venezuela, as well as persistent currency headwinds, which had an overall negative revenue impact of 8 percent. All these factors affected profits and revenue for the year. In addition, our strategic investments to fund transformation and other key initiatives put us in a negative cash flow balance for the year. Total revenue was $2.42 billion, a decrease of 12 percent, or 3 percent in constant currency. Nevertheless, we cut costs throughout 2015 and were able to maintain operating margin. Our expense control initiative realized approximately $20 million in net cost savings in 2015; total net savings since implementation now stand at $75 million.

At the 2015 Money20/20 Conference, Diebold drew considerable attention from the banking industry and the media with two concepts ­ named Irving and Janus ­ that bridge the digital and physical worlds of cash in compelling new ways.
TM

4

2015 ANNUAL REPORT

In November we announced a business combination agreement with Wincor Nixdorf AG. Assuming its successful conclusion it would be the most meaningful event in the 156-year history of our company.

We took decisive actions to address the issues that constrained our performance. In China, we were significantly impacted by the government's adoption of a buy-local initiative, which affected purchasing decisions by our banking customers. So in December we announced the formation of a new joint venture with the Inspur Group, a leading Chinese cloud computing and data center company with deep industry experience, to manufacture and distribute self-service solutions in China. Inspur will hold a majority stake in the new corporate entity. We expect this new approach to reignite product business in this important market and continue the momentum we're building in growing services in China ­ where revenue increased in the mid-single digits in 2015. We also narrowed the scope of our "Brazil other" businesses, reducing our cost structure there and better

aligning the business with our broader Latin America operation. In Venezuela, we adopted an indirect sales model to better address the country's market and economic conditions and help avoid future volatility.

to our own. The company has a strong presence in Europe but a modest footprint in North America, where Diebold is a leader. For a services-led company the size of the installed base represents a great opportunity, and this combination would expand ours significantly ­ to approximately 1 million ATMs worldwide. Moreover, there are abundant opportunities to increase the service attach rates among Wincor Nixdorf customers; raising these to Diebold levels would result in substantial growth in service relationships. It is also a great combination from a software perspective. We would couple Wincor Nixdorf's industry-leading solutions and professional services organization with those of Diebold and Phoenix, and pooling research and development assets across our organizations would speed up innovation for our customers.

In Sight: A Game-changing Combination
In November we announced a business combination agreement with Wincor Nixdorf AG. The steps necessary to consummate this planned transaction are underway. We put forward a very compelling offer, based on a very compelling business case, and it is now in the hands of Wincor Nixdorf shareholders. Assuming its successful conclusion it would be the most meaningful event in the 156-year history of our company. The strategic rationale for this combination is undeniable. Wincor Nixdorf brings a host of strengths which are complementary

DIEBOLD

5

Our teams remain sharply focused on our key objectives: exceed customer expectations by providing innovative technology, services and software, achieve our cost reduction targets, continue to grow share across markets, and accelerate the cadence of our walk phase as we ultimately progress toward run.

Disciplined Vision: Designed to Grow
2015 was indeed a foundation-building year for Diebold, and a successful 2016 will require considerable effort in every discipline and geography across the company. As we work toward completing the combination with Wincor Nixdorf, our teams remain sharply focused on our key objectives: exceed customer expectations by providing innovative technology, services and software, achieve our cost reduction targets, continue to grow share across markets, and accelerate the cadence of our walk phase as we ultimately progress toward run. Our plan is sound, but we must relentlessly focus on strong execution to meet our performance objectives. We face an opportunity-rich environment, with an enterprise positioned to grow. Our task is to turn those opportunities into accomplishments by leveraging the talent and focused commitment of thousands of Diebold employees. I'm very grateful to them for their efforts, and to our shareholders for their continued support. Sincerely,

Andy Mattes President and Chief Executive Officer

6

2015 ANNUAL REPORT

