                           TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
 We are pleased to report the Dillard’s team, with the ongoing support of our shareholders, made notable progress in 2002 and we did it in a very challenging retail environment. We increased income before extraor- dinary item and accounting change to $136.3 million during the fiscal year ended February 1, 2003 from $65.8 million in the prior year.
Throughout 2002, we executed key merchandising initiatives, which were previously noted as crucial to the continued success of our Company. These changes are designed to significantly improve our supply chain – the manner through which we provide our customers with great merchandise and exceptional value. By strengthen- ing the supply chain with better buying processes, we are giving our customers more reasons to shop Dillard’s. At the same time, we are responding to their prefer- ences, distinguishing ourselves from our competitors with our own private brand merchandise and giving our customers a sense of true ownership of their hometown Dillard’s store.
We know that one of the best ways to deliver value and distinction is through our private brand assortments and we made real progress in 2002 in building these brands. We increased the storewide penetration of these brands to 18.2% from 15.4% (of sales) in the prior year – and we are not yet finished. We will continue to replace underperforming brands with private brands. We encourage you as shareholders and shoppers to take a close look at our brands. We are confident you will agree there is great potential in growing this part of
our business.
As a result of our initiatives to improve our supply chain, we increased our gross margin 110 basis points of sales in 2002. This is less improvement than we had originally hoped, as we entered the year after a record fourth quarter of 2001. However, the lackluster retail sales climate which existed particularly during the fourth quarter of 2002, and the resulting highly competitive environment, was a hindrance to greater gross margin improvement.
We remained focused on the balance sheet during 2002, executing good stewardship of our asset base and
Alex Dillard
William Dillard, II
  further reducing indebtedness. We closed nine under- performing stores during the year, eliminating their detrimental effect on future operating results, and we sold a real estate joint venture at a substantial profit. We reduced our indebtedness $193 million. Additionally, we opened seven new stores in select markets, and we continue to seek opportunities to replace under-perform- ing stores with locations such as these where we see an opportunity to maximize our return for our shareholders.
Moving ahead into 2003, we will continue to improve merchandise assortments. Dillard’s merchandising pro- fessionals are committed to listening to our customers and providing the right merchandise mix with special emphasis upon growing private brands, and we intend to deliver these selections with great service supported by the rest of the Dillard’s team. We thank our associ- ates and our shareholders for their valued contributions to our continuing success.
   Regards,
William Dillard, II
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
Alex Dillard
President
   1
          