                                  DEAR SHAREHOLDER,
We achieved another year of growth in both top line and bottom line performance in 2014, marking our fifth consecutive year of positive comparable store sales. Our customers responded well, particularly in the fourth quarter, to our improved merchandise assortments throughout the store, as well as to our exceptional service. With this momentum, we reported net income for the year of $332 million compared to $324 million and earnings per share growth of 10% to $7.79 from $7.10. From our strong operating cash flow, which exceeded $600 million, we returned over $300 million to shareholders through share repurchase and dividends. Importantly, we have returned approximately $2 billion to shareholders over the past six years.
We are excited about new store growth opportunities as retail development is gaining momentum in some of our most promising markets. Notably, we operate Dillard’s locations in many of America’s fastest-growing cities, and we are proud of our attractive store footprint across the nation. We opened two new stores in 2014 at The Shops at Summerlin in Las Vegas, Nevada, and The Mall at University Town Center in Sarasota, Florida. These are the first stores we have constructed since 2010. We have begun construction on three new stores in Murray, Utah; Slidell, Louisiana; and Cincinnati, Ohio, which are scheduled to open this fall before the holiday season begins.
In 2014, we made more progress in elevating product and people over price and promotion at Dillard’s. We realize our efforts
to become a better retailer are only as good as our efforts to attract and retain talented associates who will continually exceed customer expectations. To that end, we made the commitment some time ago to be the best place to work in retail. We realize if we treat our associates right, they will treat our customers right. To further elevate our customer experience, we continue to seek out and to welcome exciting new brands to Dillard’s, while emphasizing and supporting our strong, existing portfolio of national and exclusive brands.
We believe we are well positioned for 2015 with an attractive lineup of products supported by exceptional people. We thank you, our associates and our shareholders, for your contributions to our success, and we look forward to serving you in 2015.
William Dillard, II Alex Dillard Chairman of the Board & President Chief Executive Officer
The Mall at University Town Center, Sarasota, Florida, opened October 2014
     