 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Reflection on 2004 and our performance at Dillard’s brings to mind both exciting accomplishments and disappointments. During the year, we dramatically improved our merchandise mix and this progress was evident in a 140 basis point gross margin increase for the year (based upon sales). This improvement combined with a gain on the sale of our private label credit card business and declining interest expense contributed to a substantial increase in net income to $117.7 million from $9.3 million for the prior year. However, we were disappointed with a 1% sales decline for the year. We can do better. Merchandise differentiation with special emphasis on becoming a more upscale retailer is crucial to our success. Accordingly, we are driving change in every area of the store in order to strengthen our competitive position.
People buy fashion because they want to feel good about themselves. In 2004, we gave them even more reasons to choose Dillard's as their partner to make this desire a reality. We increased our emphasis on nationally known contemporary and better lines, reflective of America's renewed excitement over trend-right better fashions. Additionally, we expanded our better exclusive brand lines like Antonio Melani, Gianni Bini, and Daniel Cremieux.
There is room in America’s marketplace for a national retailer focused on more upscale and more fashion forward assortments. We are well positioned to become the premier retailer in this niche. We will continue on our path to offer selections edited to our customers’ multi-faceted lifestyles, and we recognize it’s not about age – it’s about attitude. In this effort, we are de-emphasizing or replacing under- performing lines of product, from both national and exclusive brand sources, with more promising brands. Furthermore, utilizing our existing information technology capabilities, we are tailoring these assortments to the local demographics, reflecting not only each specific market’s culture and fashion attitude but also each store’s specific sizing and style needs.
On November 1, 2004, we sold substantially all the assets of our credit card business to G.E. Consumer Finance. Our credit card portfolio was strong and we are tremendously pleased with this transaction, not only from the proceeds received but also by the ongoing possibilities and opportunities it presents to Dillard’s. G.E. Consumer Finance is a solid, established leader in consumer finance. Their expertise in credit marketing is well known and we are excited about the innovative products and services they will bring to Dillard’s shoppers. They are a valued partner in our continuing drive for excellence in customer service.
In 2004, we greatly strengthened our financial position. We reduced our debt to $1.64 billion from $2.62 billion (including Guaranteed Preferred Beneficial Interests in the Company’s Subordinated Debentures). Proceeds from the transaction with G.E. Consumer Finance and our strong operating cash flow during the year made this accomplishment possible. We reduced our interest expense for the year by $42 million as a result of dramatically lower debt levels. At year end, our cash and cash equivalents were $498.2 million.
In 2004, we opened eight new Dillard’s stores in excellent locations, five of which were replacement stores.
As we continued to focus on store productivity, we closed four under-performing locations and redirected the associated resources to more promising projects. As a result of our store opening and closing activity in 2004, we increased our percentage of store ownership to an industry leading 80%.
We are truly energized by the changes occurring in retail development. We find the progressive ‘lifestyle centers’ particularly compelling and we believe they are an ideal complement to our more upscale approach to retailing. These centers feature not only great shopping, but also fine dining and entertainment choices, often in beautiful open air or village-themed settings. Our new Dillard’s locations at Yuma Palms in Yuma, Arizona and The Shoppes at East Chase in Montgomery, Alabama are located in these remarkable new venues. In 2005, we will open nine new Dillard’s stores in promising new locations. Of these, six will be in innovative lifestyle venues such as St. Johns Town Center in Jacksonville, Florida and The Shops at La Cantera in Garland, Texas. The remaining three new stores will be in exceptional centers including Perimeter Mall in Atlanta, Georgia, one of Atlanta’s premier shopping destinations.
The landscape of fashion apparel retailing is rapidly changing and commentary regarding the future of our sector abounds. At Dillard’s, we are embracing change and we are excited about our future. In the midst of all that changes, one thing remains constant – the customer’s desire to feel good about themselves. With the continued support of our associates and our shareholders, Dillard’s will be their preferred destination retailer for fashions to meet their desires time and time again.
  William Dillard, II
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
Alex Dillard
President
