 to our shareholders
We experienced a challenging year at Dillard’s in 2007. Following a record-breaking performance in 2006,
we were optimistic that we would deliver continued notable improvement in 2007. We simply did not achieve the level of sales necessary to make that happen. We did, however, underscore our commitment to
our shareholders during the year by repurchasing $111.6 million of Class A Common Stock and closing nine under-performing stores. At the same time, we worked to maintain appropriate control over inventory levels and expenses, as the year progressed with increasingly sluggish macroeconomic conditions.
It is relatively easy for a retailer to cite challenging macroeconomic factors in a time of poor operational performance. The more difficult task lies in self- assessment and in moving forward with a clear vision for improvement. At Dillard’s, we must be great at what we do in all circumstances.
Moving ahead, we will work to set Dillard’s apart in
the marketplace by executing further improvements to our merchandise mix. We believe strengthening our appeal to aspirational and contemporary shoppers will redefine Dillard’s as a revered national brand with a completely new attitude. Accordingly, we will seek to build and nurture solid relationships with vendors who offer upscale, highly regarded product while working to find that next hot brand. We will support this endeavor with our ‘Dillard’s – The Style of Your Life.” branding campaign to share the fashion excitement and educate consumers about the bold new look of Dillard’s.
Additionally, we will work to respond faster to replenishing top-selling product, while utilizing our information systems and distribution network to better match in-stock merchandise with high demand location by location.
Clearly, at Dillard’s, our success lies primarily in effective execution of our merchandising initiatives. However, we must improve our financial position, as well, by taking appropriate steps with under-performing stores and facilities as we did in 2007. To date in 2008, we have announced six such store closures. We will continue
to evaluate our store base in 2008, aggressively addressing under-performing stores and facilities where appropriate.
We completed our $200 million share repurchase program in the fall of 2007 with the purchase of $111.6 million of Class A Common Stock. Immediately,
our board of directors approved another $200 million authorization. In 2008, we will actively seek out opportunities to repurchase shares as conditions permit.
Regardless of the changes and challenges around us,
our mission remains to provide each and every person who visits Dillard’s the best customer care anywhere. Our customers demand a compelling assortment of fashion complemented by exceptional customer service and presented in an attractive store. Accordingly, in 2007 we opened nine new stores in some of the nation’s most vibrant communities and in exciting centers where customers live, work and shop. To date in 2008, we have opened five such locations with four on the horizon for the fall. We were also very pleased to have recently opened a brand new store in Biloxi, Mississippi replacing a store that was devastated by Hurricane Katrina in 2005.
In early 2008, we reached our 70th year anniversary of serving America’s communities with inspiring fashion and extraordinary value. Reflection and celebration of this legacy is impossible without thanking our shareholders and associates for their noteworthy contributions to this effort. We look forward to a productive and rewarding 2008 for all.
Regards,
William Dillard, II Chairman of the Board
& Chief Executive Officer
Alex Dillard President
  