to our shareholders
 The year 2005 was marked by sweeping changes in the fashion retail sector. Recent significant developments include the merger of our two largest peers, Federated Department Stores, Inc. and
The May Department Stores Company. Additionally, Saks Incorporated’s divestiture of Proffitt’s, McRae’s and the stores of its Northern Department Store Group has further altered the landscape.
At Dillard’s, we believe these changes present opportunities — specifically, opportunities for us to set ourselves apart in this quickly evolving marketplace as America’s favorite destination for fashion excitement. Nameplates on stores across the nation are changing, but the Dillard’s nameplate, with a legacy spanning over 65 years, remains on all of our 330 stores. Our relationships with existing, loyal customers remain strong and new customers now have even more reasons to take a fresh
look at Dillard’s.
We believe there is opportunity in America’s marketplace for a national retailer focused on a more upscale and contemporary style. This belief has been strengthened by the recent changes in our industry, as customers reevaluate their shopping choices. Our efforts during 2005 remained focused on updating the tone of our stores to reflect our renewed enthusiasm for fashion. Our customers responded favorably to these changes, particularly in the second, third and fourth quarters, where we accomplished positive comparable store sales results.
Our ongoing mission is to provide market-right merchandise assortments to each area we serve, selected to match the tastes and preferences of each store’s unique clientele and supported by the best customer care anywhere.
We believe this mission is well-served in our continued focused execution of the following merchandise initiatives:
— We will work to maintain valued relationships with our existing loyal customer base by providing even more updated fashion choices complemented by the dependable quality, reliable service and measurable value they have come to expect from Dillard’s.
— We will continue to make notable changes to our merchandise mix, positioning our stores toward a more upscale and contemporary tone to attract new customers who are seeking exciting statements in fashion.
— We will continue to expand and improve our exclusive branded merchandise which allows us to present our customers with differentiated fashion choices.
— We will seek to develop and maintain relationships with both new and established up-market national vendor sources that
are successfully connecting with our targeted new customer.
— We will continue to use existing technology and research to edit our merchandise assortments by store to meet the specific preference, taste and size requirements of each of our local operating areas.
During 2006, we will open eight new Dillard’s stores in promising locations such as Reno, Nevada and Bonita Springs, Florida. Four of these stores will be opened in successful Dillard’s markets, such as Jonesboro, Arkansas and St. George, Utah, where we will be replacing existing units with exciting, new and larger Dillard’s stores.
Reflection of 2005 is impossible without consideration of the devastating hurricanes that swept the Gulf area. Due to our strong presence in the region, we were affected more extensively than our peers, with 60 of our stores’ operations interrupted for varying amounts of time by the storms. We worked diligently to reopen our stores as quickly as possible to return a measure of normalcy and stability to the disrupted lives of many of our associates. In most cases, we were able to reopen in a commendably short time span because of the determined efforts of many of our people. However, four of our stores in the area were heavily damaged and will remain closed for at least the first half of 2006.
The retail landscape will continue to change in 2006. At Dillard’s, we will continue to change, as well, embracing the revolution of our sector as opportunity to reach more and more customers. With the continuing support of our shareholders and associates, we will solidify our place as America’s choice for fashion.
     William Dillard, II Chairman of the Board
& Chief Executive Officer
Alex Dillard President
