                CHAIRMAN’S MESSAGE
Deere Achieves Record Results as Drive to Expand Global Customer Base Moves Ahead
In 2013, John Deere had its best year yet. We delivered record income for the third successive year and the eighth time in the last 10 years. The company also generated its highest-ever operating return on operating assets*(OROA), a reflection of the solid execution of our business plans.
At the same time, we expanded our worldwide footprint and continued an aggressive launch of advanced new products. Our commitment to being a good corporate citizen and employer led to higher levels of volunteerism and engagement.
For the fiscal year, Deere reported income of $3.54 billion on net sales and revenues of $37.8 billion. Income was up 15 percent on a 5 percent increase in sales and revenues. Earnings per share rose fully 19 percent, reflecting the benefit of fewer shares outstanding due to continued share repurchases.
The year’s results produced healthy levels of economic profit, or Shareholder Valued Added* (SVA), which reached $3.39 billion. SVA – operating profit less an implied capital charge – is the primary measure used in managing the company and making investment decisions.
Operating cash flow totaled $3.25 billion for the year. These dollars funded important geographic expansions and delivered value directly to investors as dividends and share repurchases.
Dividend payments and buybacks totaled $2.28 billion for the year. Since 2004, the company has increased the quarterly dividend rate on 11 occasions and repurchased about 180 million shares of stock. In a vote of confidence in the company’s future, Deere’s board of directors earlier this month authorized additional share repurchases of up to $8 billion.
  4
* OROA and SVA are non-GAAP financial measures. See page 14 for details.
Customers appreciate the fast hydraulic flow of the productive 532-horsepower 870G LC excavator. It saves them fuel,
time and money, making it a perfect choice for excavating and truck-loading operations.

                 Our recent success has allowed Deere to make global investments at unprecedented rates while keeping its balance sheet strong. At year-end, Deere carried some $5 billion of cash and securities, with relatively low debt. Our financial-services operation remained conservatively capitalized as well.
A&T SETTING PACE
Our performance was led by the Agriculture & Turf division (A&T), which had another banner year. Deere’s largest division brought advanced new products to market, broadened its customer base, and reinforced its preeminent position in key markets. A&T results were aided by positive farm conditions and higher sales of large equipment, particularly in North and South America.
In other businesses, Construction & Forestry (C&F) remained profitable in spite of a slowdown in demand for construction machinery. As it showed in 2013, the division has been adept at managing costs and establishing a more flexible cost structure. This has allowed C&F to contribute to the company’s overall results while expanding its product line and making investments to serve a more global group of customers. Of significance, new factories were opened in China and Brazil, both markets expected to play a central role in the division’s growth ambitions.
A 295-horsepower Final-Tier-4 engine powers the 8295R tractor,
one of nine 8R Series models introduced in 2013. Late in the year, Deere announced that manufacturing capacity for the flagship tractors will be added in Brazil, addressing the needs of customers there.
Deere’s financial-services organization delivered record income while providing convenient and competitive financing to our equipment customers. Income climbed to $565 million as the loan and lease portfolio grew by almost $5 billion. Credit quality – a hallmark of our financial-services operation – remained exceptionally strong. The provision for loss equaled just over
a dollar for each $3,300 of portfolio value.
POWERFUL TRENDS DRIVING PLANS
Providing strong support to Deere’s growth plans are the powerful tailwinds of a growing, increasingly urban population and rising living standards. As a result of these trends, which are most pronounced in developing parts of the world, agricultural output will need to double by mid-century. At the same time, massive urbanization will trigger an urgent need for more roads, bridges and buildings.
5

                 6
2013 brought advancements in precision agriculture to
help customers manage and make better use of data.
New wireless data transmission, for example, links equipment to the farm’s management system and trusted advisors through the MyJohnDeere platform.
To capitalize on this promising situation, Deere has been pursuing a far-reaching operating strategy that made further strides in 2013. Its aim is to expand our global market presence in a major way and achieve further improvements in profitability and asset management.
The strategy’s essence is captured in the phrase, “Feet on the Ground, Eyes on the Horizon.” This means maintaining a laser-like focus on operating excellence and customer service while simultaneously looking to the future and making the necessary investments to expand our customer base throughout the world.
Deere’s record of solid execution shows how effectively we’re keeping our feet on the ground. In 2013, we successfully introduced dozens of advanced products while completing crucial parts of an extensive engine-development program. Also, our factories did a good job of keeping pace with demand, a fact that helped the company control inventories and post high levels of asset profitability. OROA for the year hit a new record of 31.8 percent.
We’re also keeping our eyes trained on the horizon. Over the last three years, Deere has announced plans for seven new factories in markets key to our future growth. I’m pleased to say all reached completion in 2013 and will be ready for higher production in 2014. Three facilities are in China, for construction equipment, engines and large farm machinery; while two are
in Brazil, one with joint-venture partner Hitachi, for construction equipment. Of the remaining new factories, one is located in India, for the manufacture of farm tractors and the other is
in Russia, for seeding and tillage equipment. Also during the year,

                expansions were announced for cab production in Germany and large tractors in Brazil.
We are making continued investments in our U.S. manufacturing base as well. Of the dozen or so major factory projects underway in the company today, more than half are located in the U.S., including expansions that got started in 2013 at our seeding operations in Moline and Valley City, N.D. Essentially all of our major U.S. factories have undergone extensive modernization and expansion in recent years.
In other developments, we announced the sale of a controlling interest in our landscapes operation and purchased a maker
of ultrawide planters. By narrowing our focus and expanding our capabilities, these moves are aimed squarely at our goals for increased growth and profitability.
DEALERS CONTRIBUTING TO SUCCESS
John Deere’s success is closely tied to the strength of our dealership network. Further progress was made in 2013 ensuring we have a best-in-class distribution and aftermarket support system around the globe.
C&F, for example, opened new dealership locations in Brazil and China and continued efforts to increase the financial stability of dealers in the U.S. In Europe, A&T is continuing aggressive moves to help dealers increase their profitability and service capabilities through improved operational efficiency. In the CIS (Commonwealth of Independent States), the number of dealer locations has climbed by more than 50 percent in
the past three years.
To help customers get the most value from their John Deere equipment, we opened new parts-distribution centers in South Africa and Argentina. In addition, plans were announced to expand our parts operations in Brazil and India, in line with growth in our businesses.
The company augmented its financing capabilities by adding cooperative bank relationships in seven African nations where sales growth is expected. Deere now has a retail- financing presence in over 40 countries representing more than 90 percent of our sales.
Dozens of available attachments (HH40 hydraulic breaker shown here) help tailor the new midsized 318E skid steer loader to a variety of jobs, including ag material handling, construction, demolition and landscaping work.
It’s also a good fit for rental operations.
 7

                Because of these investments – which give our growth plans a powerful boost – Deere now enjoys highly efficient manufacturing capacity in all our significant markets, plus the means to finance, distribute and service the products being built there.
MAJOR YEAR FOR NEW PRODUCTS
In 2013, John Deere continued with a record introduction of products featuring improvements in power, comfort and performance. Highlighting new agricultural equipment were nine advanced, more powerful members of our flagship row-crop tractor family and a pair of highly productive self- propelled sprayers.
The company marked its 50th year in the lawn-care equipment business with the introduction of a series of premium lawn tractors and an innovative flex-fuel commercial mower.
Also making its debut was Deere’s first hybrid-electric model of construction equipment.
Many new products feature John Deere engine technology that reduces emissions while meeting customer requirements for power, reliability, and fuel and fluid efficiency. In one of the year’s major accomplishments, Deere completed certification of its larger engines to meet the more-stringent U.S. and European emissions standards that begin taking effect in 2014. This milestone is part of a sweeping multi-year program that has resulted in the redesign of virtually all John Deere engines and seen emissions levels reduced by over 99 percent since 1996.
INNOVATING TO DIFFERENTIATE
John Deere’s success rests in no small part on our ability to differentiate our products and services through market-leading
ZTrak 900 Series zero-turn mowers offer mowing businesses a choice: a price-fighter series, a mid-spec series and an ultra-productive series. The Z925, shown, features an innovative engine that saves customers up to 25% in fuel costs.
 8

                 Sprayer customers wanted more speed, comfort and control. The R4030 self-propelled sprayer brings a new design
and suspension that help take field speeds up to 20 mph and road speeds to 30 mph.
innovation. The company’s advanced products and technology earned further honors in 2013 and brought additional value to our customers.
Deere was named one of the world’s top100 innovators by a leading business-media group based on our patents and proprietary technology. In addition, lines of advanced products and features – from tractors, balers and hitches to high- performance transmissions – were awarded medals and other recognitions at major shows in Germany, Italy and Russia.
Our new Chinese-made combine took honors at Asia’s largest farm machinery exposition. At an international construction and mining equipment show, a Deere backhoe and articulated dump truck were named best products in their categories.
Our FarmSight strategy moved ahead, resulting in new capabilities that help customers optimize equipment maintenance and make more-informed agronomic decisions. New, high-capacity wireless data linkage keeps operators, farmers and dealers connected, enabling them to share vital data. Dealers can even diagnose
maintenance or operating issues from miles away, keeping farmers up and running.
In our eyes, innovation is a “multiplier.” To that end, Deere’s ability to translate innovations into profitable solutions will help us win customers and achieve our growth aims. But of no less importance, it also will help us attract high-caliber, committed employees and achieve our goals for developing extraordinary global talent.
BUILDING ON A PROUD RECORD OF CITIZENSHIP
In 2013, the company and its foundation took meaningful steps in support of sustainable solutions for world hunger, improved educational opportunities, and the development of economically vibrant communities. These make up the three main focus areas of our corporate citizenship efforts.
An aggressive commitment to employee volunteerism lies at the heart of Deere’s citizenship work. The number of volunteer hours reported by employees more than doubled for the year. In one example, some 3,000 U.S. employees prepared nearly 960,000 packaged meals for those in need in the company’s home communities. In another case, a global team of
9

                20 employees spent a week in northwest India, where they helped train small farmers in new agricultural methods, conducted classes and assessed the progress of a community- development program supported by the Deere foundation.
In a move aimed at providing increased opportunities to youth, a new program sponsored by Deere was kicked off to help young people learn about careers in golf-course management and the science of agronomy. The program is part of First Tee,
a non-profit youth organization to which Deere made a major donation in early 2013.
Responsible citizenship is also reflected in efforts to protect the well-being of our employees. Deere had another solid overall safety performance in 2013, with over half of our locations reporting no lost-time injuries. This record, however, was overshadowed by on-the-job deaths of two employees. These losses stand as a tragic reminder that we cannot, and we must not, relax our efforts to provide more healthful
and safe workplaces.
The company further strengthened its commitment to responsible environmental practices in 2013. Among our achievements, a set of broader, more stringent goals was established for managing the environmental impact of our operations and products.
They call for cutting water and energy usage and greenhouse gas emissions by 15 percent per ton of production and recycling
75 percent of the waste from our manufacturing facilities by 2018. We’re also adopting life-cycle engineering to minimize the environmental footprint of our products and services.
In other milestones, Deere was named to prominent listings of most-reputable and most-ethical companies. For the fifth time, Fortune magazine cited Deere as one of the world’s 50 most- admired companies. In addition, the company again was featured in a listing of the top-100 global brands.
In 2010, Deere set an ambitious course, targeting significant global growth. As a result, seven new factories outside the U.S. were put into operation in 2013, including this engine factory near Tianjin, China, where Zhang Shuitao (pictured) works.
  10

                 SEARCHING FOR CERTAINTY
Today’s world is filled with uncertainty – fiscal, economic,
and political uncertainty – that breeds extreme caution, disrupts thoughtful planning, and is generally bad for business. And while this is true in the U.S., it’s also the case in many other markets.
In spite of this unsettled backdrop, we’re as certain as ever about John Deere’s own businesses and future prospects. We’re sure about the quality and reliability of our products and services, the talent and commitment of our employees, the capacity and efficiency of our production facilities,
and the depth and focus of our strategy.
We’re equally confident that as the world’s population swells in size and affluence, abundant opportunities will emerge for Deere to deliver substantial value to customers, investors and other stakeholders in the years ahead.
We have no doubt the company is well-equipped to seize these opportunities – and we are proud to reaffirm our belief that John Deere’s best days are on the horizon!
The John Deere senior management team at company headquarters in Moline, lllinois. From left: Jim Israel, Raj Kalathur, Max Guinn, Jean Gilles, Mary Jones, Mike Mack, Sam Allen, Jim Field, John May, and Mark von Pentz.
On behalf of the John Deere team,
Samuel R. Allen December 16, 2013
 11
