 CHAIRMAN’S MESSAGE
Weathering Challenging Conditions, Deere Achieves Solid Results
John Deere in 2015 demonstrated its ability to deliver sound performance in the midst of a severe downturn in the global agricultural sector. Our results, though well below levels of 2014 and other recent years, reflected the skillful execution of our business plans and our success controlling costs and asset levels. As a result, the company was able to post solid profits in a challenging environment while continuing to lay the groundwork for expanding our customer base in the future.
For the fiscal year, Deere reported income of $1.94 billion on net sales and revenues of $28.9 billion. This represented a 39 percent decline in earnings and 22 percent lower net sales. Earnings per share were down less than the decline in earnings, by 33 percent, reflecting the impact of fewer shares outstanding due to continued share repurchases.
The year’s results produced healthy levels of economic profit, or Shareholder Valued Added* (SVA), meaning that operating profit stayed above the cost of capital. SVA is the primary measure used in managing the company and making investment decisions. Since 2004, the company has generated economic profit totaling almost $20 billion.
SVA was $774 million while consolidated cash flow from operations totaled $3.74 billion. In addition to funding important projects, these dollars helped us pay a record amount in dividends to our investors and continue with an aggressive share- repurchase program. Deere has increased the quarterly dividend rate more than five-fold since 2004 and reduced the number
of shares outstanding by more than one-third.
In addition, the company maintained its strong financial condition. At year-end, Deere’s equipment operations carried nearly $3 billion of cash with relatively little debt. Our financial services operation remained conservatively capitalized and continued to benefit from outstanding credit quality.
BROAD LINEUP MAKING IMPACT
Though its profits were lower, the Agriculture and Turf (A&T) division remained solidly profitable, with an operating margin of 8 percent and return on operating assets of 16 percent.
  * SVA and OROA, referred to throughout this report, are non-GAAP financial measures. See page 15 for details.
The 944K hybrid wheel loader advances Deere’s lineup of production-class machines. Its 536-horsepower engine with hybrid-electric drive differentiates the 944K, helping deliver up to 40 percent fuel savings compared with conventional drivetrains.

 Introduction of new M-Series tracked and L-Series wheeled forestry machines (843L feller buncher with 848L skidder in background) capped Deere’s largest new-product investment in its forestry operations in recent years.
 These results were achieved in spite of a sharp decline in the sale of some of our most profitable models of equipment. During the year, Deere’s largest division brought important products to market and continued to broaden its customer base. The division also benefited from growth in the sale of certain models of small tractors and turf equipment.
Demand for products from the Construction and Forestry (C&F) division weakened during the year, resulting in lower sales and earnings. Still, C&F had a company-leading operating margin of nearly 9 percent. Further, the division introduced additional models of equipment for large contractors and completed the first full year of operation at its new factories in Brazil.
Financial Services had record profits while financing the purchase of roughly half of the new equipment sold by Deere during the year.
Net income climbed to $633 million with the average loan portfolio edging higher. The provision for credit losses equaled a little more than a dollar for each $1,000 of portfolio value, a sign of strong credit quality.
CREATING A DURABLE BUSINESS MODEL
In relation to the farm economy’s robust years earlier in the decade, the current downturn has been quite dramatic. Since peaking in 2013, industry sales of large agricultural equipment in the United States have fallen more than
60 percent. Deere’s total equipment sales have declined more than 25 percent from their high. Last year’s sales decline
was the company’s largest in percentage terms since the 1930s and the largest-ever in dollars.
Even so, Deere reported the sixth-highest level of equipment sales and earnings in its history. This kind of performance highlights the continuing success of our efforts to create
a more durable business model and cultivate a wider range of

 revenue sources. In 2015, we reduced selling, administrative, and general costs by $400 million and held the line on research and development expense. We also did a good job managing receivables and inventories, especially in the agriculture and turf operations. In addition, our performance showed the value
of having a well-rounded business lineup, which goes beyond large tractors and combines. Company results were supported by the sale of smaller tractors, hay and forage equipment, commercial worksite products, turf equipment, and service parts.
GLOBAL TRENDS GUIDING PLANS
Longer term, our confidence in Deere’s future remains undiminished. While farm cycles come and go, world demand for grain and oilseeds has proved to be remarkably consistent, increasing in all but two of the last 40 years and more than doubling over the period. At the same time, trends such as increased urbanization point to continuing growth in the need for shelter and infrastructure.
These favorable prospects lie at the heart of our growth plans and our belief that Deere’s businesses will benefit from demand for productive equipment and advanced services well into the future. Given this positive long-term outlook, there is no reason
a slowdown in the farm economy – something we’ve weathered and overcome many times in the past – should hinder our longer-term drive for higher sales and a larger market presence throughout the world.
PURSUING A FAR-REACHING STRATEGY
Deere’s far-reaching operating strategy made further progress in 2015. Captured in the phrase “Feet on the Ground, Eyes on the Horizon,” the plan emphasizes managing safe, efficient operations; providing high-quality, advanced products; and investing to expand our competitive position in key markets.
The company is reinforcing its strategic plan by placing a more intense focus on quality and innovation. We are doing so because products of exceptional quality often earn higher levels of customer satisfaction and claim a larger share of the market.
Similarly, when products come to market whose innovative features transform an industry category – as Deere has done in recent years with cotton pickers, sprayers, and planters –
Designed primarily for paddy-rice fields, the new 3036E tractor supports Deere’s growth plans in Southeast Asia. The machine is lightweight, fuel-efficient, and easy to operate, all keys to winning market share in the region.
 
 a strong customer response typically follows. Last year, the company’s sweeping distinctive-quality effort made important gains toward achieving targeted quality levels by the end
of 2016. We’ve had particular success improving our ability
to identify and address quality issues before products leave the factory floor.
During the year, Deere’s achievements in innovation won
a record 13 gold and silver medals at a leading European farm show. We also received an unprecedented 13 awards for innovation and engineering advancement from a respected U.S. technical society. The company has a proud legacy in quality and innovation. However, it’s imperative we take our performance to the next level in support of our plans for improved growth and profitability.
The company continued to re-evaluate its business portfolio in 2015, narrowing its focus on businesses that we believe will have the greatest impact on our growth goals. During the year,
we completed the sale of our crop insurance unit. This follows earlier decisions to exit the water, landscapes, and wind-energy businesses.
Late in the year and in early fiscal 2016, we announced a joint venture and two acquisitions that will strengthen our position in precision farming, a field likely to play a major role in
our industry’s future. The transactions involve two planter companies and a software-development firm.
ADVANCED NEW PRODUCTS WINNING CUSTOMERS
In 2015, the company continued with an extensive launch
of new products that feature improvements in power, comfort, performance, and emissions control. Highlighting new agricultural equipment were four models of our first-ever line
The new 9009A rough mower fills out the lineup of machines needed
by golf courses globally. With its five independent rotary decks, the 9009A positions Deere to participate in more bids and capture additional business.
 
 Economical tractor and hay baler combinations like this 5085E tractor and 459E round baler are helping John Deere dealers capture
market share by reaching new customers. The machine setup meets the needs of many small livestock producers and hay growers.
 of powerful four-track tractors and a new line of round balers, as well as productive forage harvesters and a small tractor for paddy-rice applications in Asia.
To serve the needs of large contractors, our construction and forestry division introduced a hybrid-electric four-wheel-drive loader that sets the standard for efficiency. Our forestry operations marked Deere’s 50th year in the skidder business with an all-new line of skidders, as well as harvesters and feller bunchers.
In order to help customers get the most value from their investment in our products, the company took further steps to strengthen its world-class parts-distribution system. During the year, we doubled the size of our distribution center in Brazil, officially opened a new facility in India, and reconfigured our warehouse in Russia.
Deere augmented its global financing capabilities by establishing a retail-financing presence in Austria, Czech Republic, Croatia, and Bolivia. With these moves, the company now offers competitive financing to its customers in
49 countries.
CITIZENSHIP EFFORTS MAKING A DIFFERENCE
Long a cornerstone of John Deere’s success, our citizenship efforts continued making a meaningful impact in 2015. Total company and Deere foundation support of citizenship activities, whose focus includes solutions for world hunger, improved educational opportunities, and economic development, approached $30 million.
John Deere employees continued to enrich their communities through extensive volunteer efforts that are becoming
more global in scale and saw significant expansion in Brazil and India. Employee volunteer hours increased by more than 20 percent for the year, exceeding 100,000 for the first time.
In one highlight, a community improvement program led by
the Deere foundation was launched in a historic neighborhood of Moline, Illinois. Based on a model used in company communities in Brazil and India, the project encourages a collaborative approach to revitalization, business development,

 Guidance, section control, and variable-rate seeding are precision agriculture technologies that are changing how customers plant their crops. As a result, growers save on seed and get crops planted more accurately, helping boost yields. Announced acquisitions should accelerate adoption of these technologies globally.
and improved employment opportunities. In all, it is estimated that more than 15 million people saw direct benefit from the company’s citizenship activities in 2015.
Responsible citizenship is also reflected in our efforts to protect the well-being of employees and safeguard the environment. Deere maintained its exemplary safety record with over half of our locations reporting no lost-time incidents during the year. Both recordable injuries and those resulting in time away
from work remained at or near all-time lows.
On the environmental side, we exceeded our goal of recycling 75 percent of waste from our manufacturing facilities three years ahead of the 2018 target date. Due to lower factory volumes, we were challenged to make further progress on our goals of reducing water and energy use and greenhouse gas emissions by 15 percent relative to production. One illustration of our commitment to lower greenhouse gas emissions is a new solar-energy unit at our cab factory in Bruchsal, Germany. It provides roughly 10 percent of the power needs of the factory and nearby parts warehouse.
In other milestones, Deere again appeared in a prominent listing of most-ethical companies, was featured in Fortune magazine’s review of most-admired companies, and was recognized for having one of the world’s 100 most-valuable brands.
In addition, we were cited as one of America’s top employers by Forbes and named to listings of best places to work
in Mexico, Spain, and Luxembourg. These are further acknowledgements of our ability to attract and develop top employee talent.
INSPIRING UNITY AND PURPOSE
Although John Deere faces challenging conditions in the year ahead, we firmly believe the company is on track for long- term growth and success. Thanks to the tireless efforts of employees, dealers, and suppliers everywhere, we are making steady gains in helping meet the world’s growing need
for advanced equipment and solutions and providing value to our customers each and every day.
 
 Deere’s senior management team is shown in front of a 6195R tractor at
company headquarters in Moline, Illinois. From left: Jim Field, Mark von Pentz, John May, Max Guinn, Mary Jones, Jean Gilles, Sam Allen, Mike Mack, and Raj Kalathur.
 At the same time, we’re confident our actions to develop a more durable business model will allow the company to continue delivering solid results even in a depressed farm economy.
On visits to company locations throughout the world in 2015,
I was reminded time and again of the pride that our employees and other stakeholders share in being associated with John Deere. This pride has inspired a sense of unity and purpose that transcends the bounds of language, culture, and nationality.
It also gives our company a powerful competitive advantage in building its brand and attracting new customers.
All this reinforces my conviction that by working together we can overcome present challenges, seize the great opportunities the future holds, and leave no doubt that John Deere’s best days are still to come!
On behalf of the John Deere team,
Samuel R. Allen
December 18, 2015
 