Our brands and concepts are well established in theirrespective markets and I have been very impressed bythe team of people we have here. As a sector we clearlyhave some challenges, but these strong fundamentalsremain and will help us meet them.What were your initial impressionswhen you joined Mitchells & Butlers?Having worked in the industry for severalyears, I had long been aware of Mitchells &Butlers as a competitor. When I joined, myview was that we had the best brandsoperated from the best locations and by avery strong team of people.I believe these impressions were correct.We do have an outstanding set of assets,which are largely freehold backed. Our brandsand concepts are well established in theirrespective markets, and I have been veryimpressed by the team of people we havehere. As a sector we clearly have somechallenges, but those strong fundamentalsremain and will help us meet them.What are the main challenges you face?The restaurant and casual dining market hasseen a great deal of new supply in recent years.This new supply clearly provides competition,and can be problematic at a local level in theshort term, although in time it should help togrow the overall market. This growth hasslowed more recently with net openings nowbroadly flat, reflecting increased uncertaintyover the impact of the National Living Wage,providing us with the best chance we have hadin recent years to steal back market share.6Mitchells & Butlers plcAnnual report and accounts 2016Constantly striving forprofitable sales+Chief Executive’s statementWe are also facing a period of increased costheadwinds – most notably labour costs, withthe National Minimum Wage and NationalLiving Wage. The impact of Brexit is potentiallya further challenge both to ourselves and thewider economy, particularly without clarity onexit terms: the effect on consumer behaviourremains to be seen, but a weaker sterling willimpact our cost base. Longer term we havearound 5,000 non-UK EU nationals working inour business and we would certainly not wantto lose access to this talent.Within Mitchells & Butlers, there is a challengealongside each of the strengths I mentionedpreviously. We have a fantastic estate, butit had reached a point where it wasunderinvested, especially in a marketplacewhich had seen a large number of newentrants. Prior to my joining, the business hadhad to invest significantly in its IT infrastructureand back-of-house standards. I am fortunateto have come in as those projects are largelycomplete. However, it leaves us with a needto invest more in the guest-facing areas of ourbusinesses. As for brands, we simply need tobe more innovative. This includes utilisingdigital technology, but also looking at potentialnew concepts and sales channels such asdelivery. Finally, our people are fantastic, butI felt I met a culture which needed refocusing:to get all of our teams fully engaged oncommerciality. I want to bring a sharpercommercial acumen to what we do –constantly striving for sales and, moreimportantly, profitable sales.In order to meet these challenges, and utiliseour strengths, we identified three clearpriorities: to build a more balanced business,to instil a more commercial culture and to drivean innovation agenda.Can you discuss your work on strategy?As a new CEO, I was very conscious of avariety of suggestions as to how best to addand extract value from Mitchells & Butlers. Sowe decided as a Board to take a fresh look atsome of these strategic options, and whetherthey were appropriate to best deliver long‑termshareholder value. We came to the conclusionthat we are best placed to generate valuethrough a strategy of accelerated organicgrowth: increasing the pace of our investmentcycle, converting our brands towards morepremium concepts, and innovating to keep upwith the market. This ties in with the threestrategic priorities above.What changes were made last year?We undertook an organisational restructureearlier in the year, which now sees thebusinesses managed by four DivisionalDirectors, each of whom sit on the ExecutiveCommittee. This gives a greater operationalpresence at a senior level within theorganisation, and also gives the benefit ofgrouping businesses with similar customer typesand occasions under one operational umbrella.This has already enabled us to speed updecision-making, and benefit from some goodsharing of ideas. Our work on culture has alsoextended beyond this – we are carrying outspecific sales training for all of our housemanagers, we introduced a new incentive forhouse managers in the second half of last yearrewarding an improved trajectory of sales,and have focused heavily on improving ourturnaround time in resolving guest complaints.We have also worked hard on the estate, andhave a full estate plan for where we aim to haveall of our sites by 2020. We are underway onthis, having increased Miller & Carter from 36to 52 sites in the last year, and 36 sites tradingunder our new Stonehouse concept. We havealso significantly increased the number ofremodels we undertake – investing in theestate to improve the general level of amenity.We are aiming to be on a cycle of investing ineach of our businesses about every six years,from a cycle of more than 11 years recently.This clearly requires additional capex, whichwe expect to increase from around £160m in2015 to around £200m per year going forward.Crucially, a greater proportion of it is guestfacing,and hence return-generating, as wemove forward.Finally, we have completed a great deal ofwork in technology and digital. This coversa range of activity, from consolidating our10 million contact details from multiplesources, to building a number of apps acrossour brands, to significantly growing ournumbers of online bookings from our ownwebsites and through affiliates, to providingour teams with the capability to read andrespond to TripAdvisor posts.This is by no means an exhaustive explanationof our activity, and there is further detail in theBusiness Review, but it gives an idea of someof the work we’ve been doing.When do you expect to see the benefitscoming through?We have started to see some of the earlybenefits already, with an improvement in oursales trajectory since the first half of last year.As well as our own numbers getting better,we have seen a notable improvementcompared to the wider market, to a pointwhere we have outperformed the market inrecent months, which is encouraging. Fromhere though, I don’t see this as a standalonepiece of work that will one day be completedand we can suddenly say is done – we arechanging our ongoing ways of working, andthat must become business as usual.Are you happy with the Group’sperformance?I’m not sure I’m ever completely satisfiedwith performance! Sales in the first half werechallenging. However, in the second half theyimproved, with like‑for‑like sales growing by0.2%. It is encouraging to see that, outside of theperiod affected by the Rugby World Cup last year,this sales growth has been maintained in the firstfew weeks of 2017. Our profits have been impactedby some second half cost pressures which haveseen margins fall. When I reflect on it however, Ican see that we’ve got a lot done. We’re workingvery hard to make some big changes, particularlyregarding the pace at which we operate. The teamhave responded really well and I’m encouragedthat performance has started to improve. Thatsaid, I fully recognise that we cannot take ourfoot off the gas as we still have a lot of work to do.What developments can we expect?Our focus remains on our three priorities,so we expect more progress on balancingthe estate, instilling a commercial culture anddriving an innovation agenda.We’re continuing with our programme ofrebalancing the estate, which will see us continueto grow Miller & Carter and Stonehouse,principally through the conversion of existingsites but with a small number of acquisitions.In total, we expect to complete around 300conversions and remodels each year, nearlydouble the amount we did in FY 2015, whichis a vital step forward to us improving theguest-facing areas of the estate.Commercially, our teams will continue to be veryfocused on engaging with our guests, by resolvingcomplaints quickly and efficiently, but also usingsocial media channels as a key sales driver, withparticularly increased use of TripAdvisor athouse level as well as loyalty mechanic trials inour Miller & Carter and Browns brands. Wewill also be looking at making more of additionalsales channels, for example through extensionof our successful early trial into delivery.Our work on innovation will continue in variousforms. Clearly, digital marketing is very importantto us and our guests, so we will continue todevelop our online presence through bookingcapability, apps and loyalty programmes, and soadding to the progress we made last year. Weare also looking at new concepts, and will openthe first prototype of our new Chicken Societyconcept in Finchley in December. This is an offerthat takes advantage of our scale purchasingadvantage and, if successful, will be rolled out toother sites but, as importantly, helps us deliver awider innovation process.Phil UrbanChief Executive7 Mitchells & Butlers plcAnnual report and accounts 2016Strategic report 2 to 35 Governance 36 to 81 Financial statements 82 to 138 Shareholder information 139