 

TO OUR VALUED SHAREHOLDERS


 
We are pleased to deliver another year of solid results and continued growth. In 2012, we generated our second consecutive year of positive company and franchise same-store sales and our seventh consecutive quarter of positive system- wide same-store sales. In addition, we grew Adjusted Income Before Taxes* by 26% while generating almost $50 million of Free Cash Flow*. We also opened 40 new restaurants, refinanced our credit facility, and completed our Franchise Growth Initiative (FGI} refranchising initiative.

We are pleased to successfully complete the FGI refranchising program that was launched in 2007. This refranchising strategy took the Denny's system from 66% franchised to 90% by selling 380 restaurants to existing and new franchisees. The proceeds from FGI helped us reduce our total debt by over $360 million, a 66% reduction since early 2006. The FGI program also enabled us to reinvigorate restaurant growth, restructure our field and corporate operations, strengthen our relationship with our franchisees and create a much stronger business model capable of generating stable cash flows and continued growth in earnings.

Today we are one of the largest franchised, full- service American brands in the restaurant industry with almost 1,700 locations worldwide. Having achieved the 90% franchised mark and confident in our future with the majority of our system in the hands of our talented franchisees, we are equally excited about our ownership in approximately 10% of the Denny's system. We believe that retaining a meaningful base gives us a much stronger position when working with our franchisees to plan and execute our marketing, operations and development initiatives. In addition, it gives us a more powerful growth engine with more strategic options to increase shareholder value.
 
This year we are celebrating our 60th Anniversary at Denny's and the recent momentum of the past few years is a testament to our loyal customers, dedicated franchisees, tireless restaurant operators, wonderful support center staff and the underlying and enduring attractiveness of our concept.

As we continue to evolve to meet the ever changing expectations of our guests and the needs of our franchisees, we are becoming a much more competitive player in our segment and in the industry. We are pleased with the response from our guests at this stage, the strong partnership we enjoy with our very dedicated franchisees and are excited about the future at Denny's. Our performance is a testament to our positioning as America's Diner, emphasizing everyday affordability, compelling breakfast and beyond breakfast offerings throughout the day in a welcoming "come as you are" environment, open to all.

Our greatest opportunities lie in front of us however as there is much work still to be done to deliver additional shareholder value through our ongoing revitalization efforts. In these efforts to increase long-term shareholder value, we will continue to work closely with our franchisees to increase sales per location as well as growth in new locations to drive profitability through our franchised-focused business model. The free cash flow generated by this model will be balanced between making appropriate reinvestments in the brand, strengthening our balance sheet and returning value to shareholders.

We continue to focus on executing against our three Key Objectives to help Denny's grow our position as one of the largest franchised, full-service restaurant brands in the world.
 

 
Revitalize Denny1s Image with our America1s Diner Positioning

We are focused on the revitalization of Denny's image through menu, service and environment initiatives designed to fully leverage our competitively distinct and uniquely own-able "America's Diner - Always Open" positioning. As America's Diner, or in the case of our International locations, "the local diner", we emphasize attractive everyday value and core menu offerings with improvements in our breakfast all day and beyond breakfast diner platforms. In addition, we offer consistent new product news through our compelling limited time only product offerings drawing from the vast array of regional diner comfort offerings as guided by our guests. This, along with initiatives to build on our warm hospitality, and improving "come as you are" environments makes for a great diner atmosphere.

2013 is a landmark year for the Denny's brand and we have the opportunity to truly celebrate who we are and where we've come from. At the launch in 1953, Harold Butler promised "to serve the best cup of coffee, give the best service, keep everything spotless, offer the best value, and stay open 24 hours a day." As the largest family dining chain, based on the number of restaurants, we will continue focus on driving more traffic into our locations. We continue to broaden our approach from the more narrowly focused "breakfast all day" platform to become more relevant for a broader set of occasions. Over the past few years, we have seen increases in our lunch and dinner entree mix which have helped bring more balance to our tiered pricing strategy designed to deliver both compelling new product offerings and everyday affordability, as well as drive sales beyond just breakfast.

These challenging economic times require a consistent and differentiated everyday value platform. We will continue to leverage our $2 $4
$6 $8 Value Menu® which is helping us respond to budget strapped and value conscious consumer.
 
We continue to invest in core product improvements such as our desire to offer a great cup of coffee. Given that we sell nearly 90 million cups of coffee a year, we wanted to raise the bar for full-service dining. In early 2013, we introduced a smoother, richer coffee made with higher quality Arabica beans. Our new coffee program is a result of almost two years of extensive product development, consumer research and operational testing. Our new Signature Diner Roast and Dark Diner Roast, as well as the Signature Decaf Coffee play right into our heritage as America's Diner. We are now among the few full-service brands offering choice to our guests with these three blends.

Another key to our brand revitalization is to deliver consistent, reliable service and diner hospitality across all of our company and franchise units.
More than two years ago we implemented Service Management Group's guest satisfaction tool in order to develop a deeper understanding of each location's performance, benchmark Denny's performance against our peers, and track operational initiatives focused on improving guest satisfaction. There is a meaningful opportunity for Denny's to improve its relative scores against the full-service restaurant industry.

We have found that direct guest feedback provides us with a common language to work with our franchisees to drive operational improvements. We know that consistent improvements in guests' intent to return and intent to recommend can lead to improvements in guest traffic over time. Last year, we placed further emphasis on training restaurant-level staff at both company and franchise units and we saw a six percentage point improvement in our scores compared to 2011 as a result.

We are encouraged about our progress. As a result, we have realigned both our company and franchise operations teams to strengthen our focus and build on the progress we have made so far. It will take time to move to the top of the category, but it is another positive step in our effort to drive sustainable improvements in sales and guest traffic.
 

 
We are optimistic about 2013 and believe that we have the right strategies in place to build on the momentum we have established the past two years. We strive to be a model franchisor for the industry and are committed to our franchisees.
Going forward, we will continue to work closely with our franchisees to deliver great hospitality and encourage their participation to evolve our product offerings and our marketing strategies as well as our operating and training initiatives to continue to improve restaurant operations.


Increase the Growth of the Denny1s Brand both Domestically and Internationally

We continue to grow the brand through traditional and non-traditional venues, both domestically and internationally. In 2012, we opened 40 new restaurants including six international locations and our company-owned flagship location in downtown Las Vegas. Our international openings included our first airport location, located at the Las Americas International Airport in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic, and our first university location, located at the Southern Alberta Institute of Technology.

Over the past three years, Denny's has opened 237 new restaurants with net system growth of 137 restaurants, including 123 Pilot Flying J Travel Center conversions. We are determined to increase both gross restaurant openings as well as net restaurant growth while increasing our reach domestically and internationally. With our franchised-focused business model, we are focused on primarily growing through our existing and new franchisees. We continue to attract new franchisees to the system, having added seven new franchisees this past year.

We currently have approximately 160 unopened restaurant commitments, including almost 40 international commitments, and are working on building our pipeline for both domestic and international development. We are working to further penetrate non-traditional market opportunities for locations at higher education campuses while developing new partnerships for
 
potential development on military bases and at airports. We have committed more resources to help us accomplish our development goals.

We are well beyond proof that the Denny's brand can perform well outside the United States. This is evidenced by the number of successful openings in the past few years and the higher than system average annual volumes among our International locations. We are working to grow our existing 98 International locations to a much larger global footprint. This is demonstrated by our continued growth in Canada where we have 63 locations, as well as the successful openings in Puerto Rico, Honduras and the Dominican Republic. We are already making progress with the signing our first South American franchisee, through an agreement to open 10 new Denny's restaurants in Chile.


Growing Profitability and Free Cash Flow through a Primarily Franchised-Focused Business Model

Over the past two years, Denny's has been able to grow sales, profitability and free cash flow. Denny's has grown Adjusted Income Before Taxes* approximately 72% and generated $96 million of Free Cash Flow*.

Our financial position has enabled us to make appropriate investments in the brand and facilitate franchisee growth, while also continuing to strengthen our balance sheet through debt repayments and returning cash to our shareholders through our share repurchase program.

In 2012, we repaid $28 million of outstanding term loan debt and repurchased 4.8 million shares. Since initiating our share repurchase strategy in November 2010, the Company has allocated $48 million towards repurchasing 11.5 million shares and now has 3.5 million shares remaining in its current authorized share repurchase initiative.
 

 
In addition to returning cash to shareholders, we will continue to look for ways to facilitate franchisee growth and brand investments. Our stronger balance sheet and free cash flow position are great assets that provide us with meaningful financial flexibility to fund important growth initiatives.

For example, we were able to provide 12-month, no interest loans to franchisees to support the rollout of our new coffee program which involved replacing our previous pot brewing system with all new equipment, serving accessories and machines that brew the new blends. We have also offered this type of program to franchisees interested in transitioning to Denny's POS system.

Revitalizing Denny's also requires a commitment to reinvest in the image of our restaurants as we recognize that our facilities need to compete in an increasingly competitive environment. We have completed our Refresh remodel program, which provided restaurants an opportunity to do an accelerated, lighter remodel. In the past two years, our franchisees have remodeled approximately 380 restaurants, including around 200 Refresh remodels. We will continue to work to provide the right remodel programs to help successfully support the revitalization of the brand.
 
While these investments continue, we anticipate growing adjusted earnings per share by at least 10% and generating over $45 million in Free Cash Flow* in 2013. We remain focused on differentiating Denny's in a crowded market place and executing successfully on our strategies to further strengthen our position as America's Favorite Diner in 2013 and beyond. Our leadership team will continue to execute on an ambitious, but achievable growth plan to increase shareholder value over the longer term. It's an exciting time for our Company. I want to thank our customers, franchisees, team members, suppliers and shareholders for supporting us as we build upon the historical foundation and current momentum taking place at Denny's.

I look forward to seeing you and your family at Denny's, America's Diner, and making it your Diner!


John C. Miller
Chief Executive Officer and President April 2013
