FEEDING THE

MOMENTUM
In much the same way, our Heritage remodel program is bringing freshness to the Denny's brand. It's not just the classic American comfort food at a fair price and it's not just the architecture. It's the whole experience. We strive to deliver consistent, reliable service in an unpretentious environment worth leaving home for, while being open to all tastes and wallet sizes. This is where our customers have guided us--and it's a model that works. Looking ahead, our focus is to continue our growth in earnings per share through our highly franchised business, while generating significant Free Cash Flow, both to reinvest in the brand and to return to our shareholders. Denny's leadership team is committed to building upon our plan to increase long-term shareholder value. Every time we feed our guests, we're feeding the momentum that moves us toward that vision. I want to thank our customers, franchisees, team members, suppliers and shareholders for your continued support. I look forward to seeing you at Denny's!

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS: This past year was a very good year for Denny's. Our brand revitalization strategies are working. We achieved the strongest year of system-wide same-store sales growth in eight years. In addition, the company restaurants grew samestore sales at the fastest pace since 2004. We believe that our initiatives are gaining momentum. Although we are still in the early stages of revitalization, our efforts are clearly translating into the kind of results that benefit our guests, our shareholders, our employees and our franchisees. It is vital that we continue to build on this brand momentum as we move into the future. Our vision is to become the world's largest, most admired and beloved family of local restaurants. Our goals for consistent gains in sales, for improvements in customer return scores and for both unit and margin growth, depend on our execution in five key strategic areas:  Delivering a Differentiated & Relevant Brand  Growing the Global Franchise  Consistently Operating Great Restaurants  Strengthening Relationships & Growing Capabilities  Driving Profits for All Stakeholders Most importantly, our guests are responding to our initiatives; they are the true driver behind our momentum. It comes down to this simple fact: We love feeding people! Denny's is becoming more and more relevant by providing our guests with what they want from a dining experience. They know we're always open and that they're always welcome. No wonder they call us America's Diner! Our menu has evolved to accommodate the changing tastes of our guests. And yet, at the same time, we understand that one of the most important tastes we satisfy is a taste for American comfort food--craveable products not easily prepared at home.

Sincerely,

John C. Miller

