To Our Shareholders, 2015 was a record-breaking year for the Denny's brand. The achievement of our highest same-store sales and traffic growth in over a decade underscores our strong performance and reflects the momentum generated by the brand revitalization initiatives that we launched in 2011. Our outperformance of sales growth, relative to family dining category benchmarks, demonstrates that we are implementing the appropriate strategies. In addition to growing company restaurant sales and franchise revenues, we expanded our margins while making significant investments in our brand support functions. Our key profitability metrics, Adjusted EBITDA* and Adjusted Net Income per Share*, increased 7.5% and 16.4%, respectively. With only 32% of our system currently reflecting the Heritage remodeling program, we remain in the early stages of our revitalization. As we seek to become a $3 billion brand by the end of the decade, executing against the following four strategic priorities will be key to continuing to successfully grow sales and profits, benefitting all stakeholders.
Deliver a differentiated and relevant brand in order to achieve consistent same-store sales growth supported by profitable gains in guest traffic. The success of our initiatives to enhance food, service and atmosphere is evidenced by the positive system same-store sales growth we have experienced in 18 of the last 19 quarters. We continuously evolve our menus to meet our guests' expectations for higher quality, more craveable offerings. In fact, more than 50% of our core menu has been improved over the past two years through a combination of additions, deletions and revisions. Our Heritage remodel program further reinforces the enhancements we have made to our food and service with dramatic improvements in our dining atmosphere. Though we completed more than 200 remodels this past year, a significant tailwind remains over the next few years as we anticipate having at least 70% of the system upgraded to our new image by the end of 2018.

restaurants with the primary Consistently operate great rtile of guest satisfaction goal of being in the upper qua nds. scores for all full service bra our operating strategies We will continue to invest in Denny's experience and in order to further elevate the st satisfaction scores ended realize our goals. Overall gue els since we first started the year at their highest lev 11. Although we have made measuring our system in 20 are still some distance from significant improvements, we in restaurant operations, our full potential. Investments ongoing improvement to talent and systems will drive These include our Pride scores in the coming years. ws us to measure and coach Review Program, which allo team in their execution each restaurant management After the first full year of of our operating standards. sing steady gains in guest implementation, we are witnes each and every quarter, we satisfaction scores and, with higher quality offerings with are progressively delivering ndards. more consistent service sta our mission to be a model Underlying these efforts is partner, listen, share, ref ine franchisor, which drives us to our franchisees in virtually and invite participation from ves. We accomplish this all brand strategies and initiati Association and Brand isee through our Denny's Franch led by Denny's senior Advisory Councils. These are participation from ship executives along with leader ard Members and "at Bo n Denny's Franchisee Associatio large" member volunteers.

over 60%. have generated more Over the last five years, we sh Flow*, after capital than $230 million in Free Ca and cash taxes. We began expenditures, cash interest m in late 2010, and since our share repurchase progra lion to repurchase shares, then, have allocated $214 mil e 15. We will continue to balanc including $106 million in 20 in Flow* between investments our allocation of Free Cash taurants and our our brand and company res urchase program. shareholder-friendly share rep d on continuing the In closing, we remain focuse Denny's. Going forward, successful transformation of d on elevating the guest our growth will be predicate reasing same-store sales experience, consistently inc estic and international and expanding both our dom rovements we have footprints. The significant imp fidence that we are on the achieved to-date give us con sful global brand. I want right path of building a succes nchisees, shareholders, order to expand Denny's to thank our customers, fra Grow the global franchise in for your continued support suppliers and team members geographic reach. al foundation and current as we build upon the historic restaurant new 366 to led e hav ves iati Denny's. Our growth init momentum taking place at the highest totals of any full openings since 2009, one of ing over 20% of our current service brand, and represent 45 new restaurants, including and your family and friends system. In 2015, we opened I look forward to seeing you ent pm elo dev ned new our first two in Dubai, and sig at America's Diner! Philippines and Turkey. Our the sia, one Ind agreements for restaurants is well-positioned international footprint of 111 growth with a current to continue its path of steady openings. During the pipeline of nearly 100 future open three new company year, we were also pleased to tnership with Kwik TripTM restaurants in Wisconsin in par rth location having just convenience stores, with a fou ng performance continues John C. Miller opened in early 2016. Our stro have approved we and nd bra the in t res President to drive new inte Chief Executive Officer and their acquisition h oug thr er eith s isee nch several new fra . April 2016 new restaurant development of franchised restaurants or
Income per Share, Net Income, Adjusted Net of Net Income to Adjusted n iatio ncil reco al oric hist nt. se refer to the ase Plea *Ple ix A of our 2016 Proxy Stateme Cash Flow set forth in Append Adjusted EBITDA , and Free

all stakeholders with the Drive profitable growth for fits with a disciplined focus goal to grow margins and pro , benefitting employees, on costs and capital allocation . franchisees and shareholders continuing to expand our We will sustain our growth by ich provides a lower risk highly franchised business, wh y restaurants, which provides profile, and base of compan strong Free Cash Flow* strategic flexibility, leading to investments and returns generation to support brand pleting our refranchising to shareholders. Since com have grown Adjusted program three years ago, we ed Net Income per Share* EBITDA* nearly 15% and Adjust

