TO OUR VALUED SHAREHOLDERS 
 

 
 

As we steadfastly approach our 1,700  location and 60   year, we proudly proclaim Denny's as a brand for our  times.  Together, with our talented and committed  franchisees, we will continue to gain share.  We are  America's Favorite Diner with an ambition to expand our  comfortable, affordable and approachable platform  around the globe.    In my first 14 months, I have gained a more thorough  understanding of the needs of our guests and the  expectations of Denny's in the Family Dining segment.   I've spent as much time on the road as possible getting  to know members of our entire organization including  franchisees, field leaders, restaurant employees, and key  vendors.    Before starting, my initial sense was that many people,  including our guests and investors, saw Denny's as a  brand that had not realized its full potential.  I am  pleased to tell you that process is underway and that we  are making progress towards becoming a leader in our  segment and in the industry as evidenced by our  performance in 2011.  We are committed to building on  this momentum and to continuing to drive shareholder  value through three main objectives.   

th

th

 

Delivering the Promise of America's Favorite Diner 
  We are leveraging our "America's Diner ­ Always Open"  brand positioning, which provides the promise of  Everyday Value with craveable, indulgent products  served in a friendly and inviting atmosphere.  Our  approach is resonating with our customers.  We finished  2011 with our third consecutive quarter of both positive  franchise and company samestore sales, even in the  face of a challenging economic environment for our  customers.  Most notably, we achieved positive same store sales and guest counts for the fullyear, which is  the first time that all of our samestore metrics have  been positive since 2004.   

We now have five quarters under our belt with our  "America's Diner ­ Always Open" brand positioning  efforts.  With this as a strong foundation, we are at the  beginning stages of effectively broadening our platform  from the more narrowly focused "breakfast all day"  platform.  Guests today see us as a viable and relevant  place to satisfy their craving for their diner favorites.  In  addition, we are building frequency among our tried and  true loyal customers looking to enjoy interesting new  offerings on a more regular basis.  We attribute our  initial success to consistent brand execution while  leveraging our three primary marketing strategies:   Delivering Everyday Affordability, Creating Compelling  LimitedTimeOnly Product Offerings, and Driving Sales  Beyond Breakfast.  We will continue to refine and evolve  our marketing efforts to the needs of our guests with  each passing quarter.    The promise of America's Diner is more than just getting  a great meal at a great price.  We are working with our  franchisees to deliver the great hospitality which our  guests expect from their local diner by driving  improvements in guest satisfaction.  We strive to be a  model franchisor for the industry and are committed to  our franchisees.  We work closely with our franchise  business owners to find ways to strengthen and grow  their businesses.     

Growing the Denny's Brand 
  We are growing the brand through traditional and non traditional venues, both domestically and internationally.   In 2011, we opened 62 new units including 23 Flying J  conversions, five restaurants on college campuses, and  five international locations. Denny's has opened 203  units in the past two years with net system growth of  161 units.  The Flying J conversion program, which added  123 new units to the system, was completed in 2011 and  was a tremendous opportunity for the Denny's brand  and our franchisees.  We are now the leading full service  restaurant brand in travel centers thanks to our  partnership with Pilot Flying J.   

America's diner is always open.TM 

We are placing more time and resources towards  building our unit development pipeline domestically and  internationally through traditional and nontraditional  venues.  We are quite pleased with the 11 university  units that we have opened since the beginning of 2010  and the attractiveness of the Denny's brand in new  distribution points.  We are working to further penetrate  these nontraditional market opportunities with our  existing licensees  Compass, Sodexo and Aramark   while developing new partnerships for potential units on  military bases and airports.    We also are proving that the Denny's brand can perform  well outside the United States.  This is demonstrated by  the success of our 60 units in Canada and continued  growth there, as well as the two very successful  openings with one of our newest partners in Central  America.  At the end of 2011, two new international  partners joined Denny's, committing to open a total of  15 units in Mexico and the Dominican Republic.  We are  looking forward to opening our first locations there in  2012.    Although we are a brand that is almost 60 years old with  almost 1,600 units in the United States, we believe there  remains substantial opportunity to grow our traditional  domestic footprint.  We created a $100 million loan  program with two lending partners to offer thirdparty  lending to franchisees who want to build new units in  the United States.  The loan pool allows us to support  franchisee growth in new and underpenetrated  geographies without lending to them directly.  We  believe we can continue to attract new franchisees to  the system, while also encouraging our existing  franchisees to grow the brand.   

In 2011, we repaid $42 million of outstanding term loan  debt and allocated $22 million towards share  repurchases.  We currently expect to generate  approximately $50 million of Free Cash Flow* in 2012,  which we will use to continue to strengthen our balance  sheet by repaying outstanding debt and return value to  shareholders through share repurchases.     Denny's is a great brand with an energized group of  franchisees, a solid foundation of talented and dedicated  employees and a loyal customer base, from which I'm  confident we will continue to expand.  We remain  focused on differentiating Denny's in a crowded market  place and executing successfully on our strategies to  further strengthen our position as America's Favorite  Diner in 2012 and beyond.  Our leadership team will  continue to reinvigorate this brand as we focus on  developing and executing on an ambitious, but  achievable growth plan to increase shareholder value  over the long term.  It's an exciting time for our  Company, and I want to thank our customers,  franchisees, team members, suppliers and shareholders  for supporting us as we build upon the historical  foundation and current momentum in place at Denny's.    I look forward to seeing you at your Denny's Diner!     

Growing Earnings and Free Cash Flow*  
  Although the restaurant industry has faced challenging  economic headwinds over the past few years, Denny's  has been able to grow sales, profitability and Free Cash  Flow*.  Adjusted Income Before Taxes* increased 37% in  2011 compared to 2010 and has increased nearly 800%  since 2005.  In 2011, we generated $47.6 million of Free  Cash Flow*, which was $25.2 million higher than 2010.    Our financial position has enabled us to make  investments in the brand and facilitate franchisee  growth, while also continuing to strengthen our balance  sheet through debt repayments and returning cash to  our shareholders through our share repurchase program.  

  John C. Miller  Chief Executive Officer and President    April 2012 

 

*  Please refer to the historical reconciliation of Net Income to Adjusted Income Before Taxes and Free Cash Flow set forth in  Appendix B of our 2012 Proxy Statement. 

America's diner is always open.TM 

