    A Letter from our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  Dear Fellow Shareholders:
In 2010, we experienced the most difficult year in Dean Foods history. While we have remained a profitable company, the financial pressures that began impacting our core dairy business in late 2009 continued throughout the year and into 2011. Margins on private label milk declined significantly. The entire industry experienced volume softness across dairy categories.
Our consolidated results reflect the challenges facing our industry and Fresh Dairy Direct- Morningstar. Consolidated adjusted operating income for the year was $472 million, down more than 30 percent from last year.* Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $0.80, down from $1.59 in 2009.* In contrast, WhiteWave-Alpro performed exceptionally well, resulting in the strongest year ever for our value-added brands. However, its impact on the overall enterprise’s performance was limited by its relative size.
We remain a strong company. Most importantly, we continue to make progress in transforming Fresh Dairy Direct-Morningstar into the lowest-cost processor in our industry while maintaining focus on growth in WhiteWave-Alpro.
THE CHALLENGES OF A CHANGING MARKET
To understand our results, you have to understand the environment that created them. Retailers, looking to attract shoppers and drive sales growth in a tough economy, continued to price private label milk at deep discounts. The margin between the retail pricing of private label gallons of milk and the government-mandated minimum price for raw milk dropped 40 to 50 cents a gallon below historical levels in 2009 and has remained depressed. As private label retailers looked to reduce their costs across the category,
*For a reconciliation of the adjusted financial results contained herein, see the “Additional Information” at the end of this report.
this intensified pressure on processors to lower wholesale prices. Competitors facing volume losses bid aggressively for available business, and this competitive intensity created broad-based price concessions across the processing community. Deeply discounted retail prices also widened the gaps between our more profitable regional brands and private label offerings. Although the year- over-year impact has lessened recently, consumers looking for value have continued to trade down
to private label options, and our product mix has deteriorated as a result. In addition to these ongoing price pressures, volume weakness across core dairy categories increased throughout the year. These dynamics are not only challenging, but enduring. We have seen a fundamental reset of consumer value expectations — we believe this is the new normal. That means our business must learn to succeed regardless of market conditions and to thrive in a climate of adversity.
A TRANSFORMATION MINDSET
The future for Dean Foods is about doing more with less. Fewer but more efficient facilities, fewer trucks, and fewer people, resulting in significantly lower cost-per-unit of product produced. At the same time, we recognize that we have two business segments in vastly different positions in the marketplace and in their respective life cycles.
      
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             A Letter from our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 DEAN FOODS 2010 RESULTS
* Refers to adjusted results for the twelve months ended December 31, 2010
CONSOLIDATED RESULTS
                                                                                                                                                              Operating Income*
 Net Sales
 Earnings Per Share*
 $504 million
 $10.2 billion
 N/A
 $175 million
 $1.9 billion
 N/A
 $472 million
 $12.1 billion
 $0.80
  These differences create a need for management, marketing and capital investment planning tailored to each segment. WhiteWave-Alpro will continue to focus on driving growth and innovation into new plant-based beverage platforms. Within Fresh Dairy Direct-Morningstar, we will accelerate cost reduction efforts to create a fundamentally changed cost structure.
In 2009, we launched an ambitious plan to permanently reduce our system-wide structural costs by $300 million. We achieved $75 million
in cost savings in 2009 and an additional
$100 million in 2010. We reduced staffing in Fresh Dairy Direct-Morningstar by nearly 1,400 positions in 2010. Since the beginning of 2009, better technology and logistics have enabled the reduction of nearly 500 delivery routes. Over the same period, fuel usage is also down in connection with our network optimization efforts. We have
also closed six facilities during that time. Improved aggregated purchasing has produced more than $28 million in annual procurement savings. And, consistent with our strategy of exiting non-core categories, we have divested all of our U.K.- and
a substantial portion of our U.S.-based yogurt business. We are already on a path to achieve our $300 million cost savings target by the end of 2011 — the third year of our original three-to-five year plan. But we must accelerate beyond that level to get ahead of the margin squeeze and begin improving our profitability.
Going forward, we are expanding our cost reduction efforts in additional areas, such as the General and Administrative cost initiative
announced in 2010, which we expect will create at least $30 million in annualized savings by the end of 2011. We are also targeting reductions in milk procurement costs. And, we expect to continue to drive substantial costs out of our system by optimizing our manufacturing network.
In addition to reducing cost, we believe we can achieve substantial benefits by enhancing the way we approach the marketplace. In 2010, we began to more closely align our sales organization, commercial lines of business and customer relationships across categories in Fresh Dairy Direct-Morningstar — an approach that we believe will make us more nimble and enhance our go- to-market strategy. We have focused the entire enterprise on fewer, bigger initiatives that can extend our low-cost position in a meaningful way.
A SOLID FINANCIAL FOUNDATION
In spite of the challenges we faced in recent years, we remain financially sound. In 2010, we generated $526 million in net cash from continuing operations and $224 million of free cash flow.* To support the generation of free cash flow and the reduction
of debt, we continue to aggressively manage working capital as evidenced by our improving cash conversion cycle. Total outstanding net debt at year end stood at just under $4 billion, down approximately $208 million on a full-year basis.
In 2010, we amended our credit agreements to allow for additional flexibility under our financial covenants. In addition, late in 2010, we reduced some of our shorter-tenored bank debt by issuing $400 million of eight-year senior unsecured notes. This new debt structure better aligns our
     
 A Letter from our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
debt maturity profile with the expected returns on some of our longer-term capital projects. We continue to maintain strong liquidity, and we will continue to balance our capital spending plans for 2011 with our need to maintain appropriate flexibility and borrowing capacity.
WHITEWAVE-ALPRO — A GROWTH ENGINE WhiteWave-Alpro produces and sells an array
of branded dairy, soy and plant-based beverages and foods including Silk® soymilk, almondmilk
and coconutmilk, Horizon Organic® milk and dairy products, International Delight® coffee creamers, and LAND O LAKES® creamers. In Europe, the Alpro® product line includes a wide range of beverage, dessert, yogurt, cream, margarine, and meat alternative products.
We started bringing the pieces of this business together in 2004 and have turned three subscale niche businesses into a $2 billion brand powerhouse. Net sales over the past five years have increased from $1.1 billion to nearly $2 billion, and operating income has increased by nearly $70 million, or 64 percent. For the full year 2010, WhiteWave-Alpro adjusted operating income increased 23 percent to $175 million from $143 million in 2009.
We believe WhiteWave-Alpro is a best-in-class consumer packaged goods business operating in growing categories with unique, on-trend attributes. It is performing exceptionally well, and we expect strong top and bottom line growth that will add to our overall earnings recovery story. We could not be more confident or excited about its future.
LOOKING FORWARD
Strong headwinds remain in 2011. The market has shown some early signs of stabilization, although it is doing so at the expense of profitability. Heavy promotional behavior on the part of retailers has abated somewhat, and our branded conventional milk products are returning to value in some areas. Private label wholesale prices have not yet begun to increase, although the declines have appeared to stop. Overall volumes in the industry remain soft. The industry we see today differs significantly in profit levels and pricing from prior years.
In 2011, the business environment will continue to be difficult, but we know what is necessary to succeed. We have the right team and the right strategies. We will become the lowest-cost processor of conventional dairy products. We will remain the leading innovator in plant-based foods and beverages. We will complete our transformation.
Thank you for your confidence and support,
                                   