   A LETTER FROM OUR CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
 DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
Our marketplace continues to undergo a funda- mental shift. In the past year, the recession and tough economy put considerable pressure on consumers, customers and milk processors. We were not exempt. While some of these issues are short term, I believe the lingering effects on consumers and customers represent a fundamen- tal shift in value expectations that will present both challenges and opportunities to our industry and to Dean Foods.
Elevated consumer and customer value expecta- tions will be a catalyst for our industry to become more efficient in its operations, ultimately leading to further consolidation. Experience in other industries has shown that companies who succeed are leaders in driving toward the leanest possible operations. These leaders improve earn- ings over the long run by delivering what consum- ers and customers want to buy, at prices they are willing to pay.
Dean will be that company in dairy.
While we possess enviable advantages in market position, cost, product portfolio and talent, winning will require us to extend these advan- tages further. To do so, we are committed to accel- erating the company-wide transformation that began in 2008.
  1

                                                                                                                                                                                                    DESPITE CHALLENGES, SUCCESSFUL YEAR
                                                                                             Against this backdrop, 2009 was one of the most successful years in Dean Foods history. We delivered a 10% increase in consolidated adjusted operating income on top of 7% growth in 2008.* The Company posted record operating profits as a whole and in each of our business segments. Also, we made significant progress in our effort to drive out cost, grow our business and build capability. Despite a difficult fourth quarter, during which price pressure and rising commodity costs hurt our earnings, I am proud of our team’s accomplishments and confi- dent we will deliver on our business goals.
Our $8.5 billion Fresh Dairy Direct platform is the leader in private label and regionally branded conventional milk. More than 80 Dean plants anchor our unique national, refrigerated, direct store delivery network. In 2009, Fresh Dairy Direct operating income grew 9% on a 3% increase in fresh fluid milk volume. We will win in this segment by focusing on winning in fresh fluid milk. To accom- plish this, we will leverage our unique scale advan- tages to extend our position as the lowest cost, highest customer service provider.
Our $1 billion Morningstar platform is the U.S. leader in extended shelf life, private label and food- service dairy products. It has nationwide capabili- ties and a strong presence in both foodservice and retail channels. Morningstar posted double-digit growth in full-year 2009 operating profit. Like Fresh Dairy Direct, Morningstar will focus on cost leader- ship to extend its strong share position.
The $1.7 billion branded businesses at WhiteWave and Alpro increased sales 9%. Our mid-year Alpro acquisition was the key driver of strong sales growth in this business segment. With our premium categories slowing due to the recession, we held or grew share in all key segments: soy, organic milk and coffee creamers. Alpro delivered mid-single-digit sales growth and solid earnings in the second half of the year. WhiteWave and Alpro are highly capable packaged goods companies. They will win by focusing on branded innovation and marketing investment in strong growth, value- added beverage and food segments.
          PRODUCT MIX
EXTENDED
SHELF LIFE DAIRY
       NATIONAL DAIRY BRANDS
ICE CREAM
CULTURED
SOY BRANDS
MILK
OTHER BEVERAGES
          OTHER
 *For a reconciliation of the adjusted financial results contained herein, see the “Additional Information” at the end of this report.
 2

 ACCELERATING OUR TRANSFORMATION
A CAPABLE AND AGILE ORGANIZATION
Our team’s considerable progress in managing the external environment underpins the success of our businesses. Quick adjustment to a changing market- place is critical to accelerating our transformation.
To strengthen the day-to-day management of our transformation, I promoted Joe Scalzo from Presi- dent and CEO of WhiteWave Foods to the newly created position of Chief Operating Officer for Dean Foods last fall. Joe’s track record of leading success- ful corporate transformations, and his marketing and operating expertise, make him the right person to lead our transformation.
We also realigned our executive leadership to create our Executive Operating Team. This C-suite man- agement team includes some of the best consumer packaged goods talent in the industry. They are poised to take our transformation to the next level. The key objective of this team is to put the right people, in the right place, with the right skills to drive our transformation. Their ultimate goal is to lower overall costs, regardless of whether those costs reside in production, distribution, sales, administration or corporate expenditures.
ACCELERATING OUR TRANSFORMATION
DRIVING COST SAVINGS
Our leadership team is relentlessly focused on build- ing the leanest and most efficient operation in the industry. We have made great strides in this area. We realized $75 million in savings in 2009 by improving the way we procure materials, process our products and deliver to our customers.
For example, we launched facility-based continuous improvement efforts to drive efficiency. This reduced
COST SAVINGS TARGET $300M+
 2009 DELIVERED $75M
2010 PLAN $90M
    This was a particularly challenging year for our industry’s farmers. For many, the cost of farming outstripped revenues, creating a difficult financial burden. As the law of economics dictates, the low milk prices that hurt dairy farmers in early 2009 began impacting processor margins as milk prices increased later in the year. These volatile swings in milk prices demonstrate the need for significant and meaningful reform of the government-mandated dairy pricing system. Dean Foods welcomes the opportunity to work with farmers, government officials, retailers and consumers to create a sustainable dairy policy that ensures the availability of high quality, nutritious, and affordable milk for consumers, while promoting overall industry growth.
total costs of production by $24 million in 2009. We further optimized our network by closing four facili- ties in 2009 and realized $10 million in savings. We also removed 220 routes from the road and saved $15 million by implementing GPS technology in our distribution system. We plan to leverage the invest- ments we have made to drive out an additional $90 million of cost in 2010.
But even with the strides we have made, there remain tremendous opportunities to reduce costs. We enter 2010 more confident than ever that we can continue to drive down the cost curve for an extended period, particularly in our Fresh Dairy Direct and Morningstar businesses.
ACCELERATING OUR TRANSFORMATION
CONTINUED GROWTH
Our Fresh Dairy Direct business continues to deliver significant results. Volume grew 3% last year and we continued to expand our share position in a fluid milk category that was largely flat.
   3
DEAN FOODS COST SAVINGS GOALS

 In our branded businesses, we remain firmly com- mitted to driving consumer demand through continued innovation and new product introduc- tions. In 2009, we experienced continued strong growth in our Horizon Organic plus DHA products, as well as in our single serve offerings. Our cream- ers business posted solid 2009 results, and is poised for a strong 2010, driven by our new Inter- national Delight® CoffeeHouse InspirationsTM line. These products tap consumers’ demand for an in-home coffee shop experience at an affordable price. We also leveraged our Silk brand to launch Silk PureAlmondTM, and extend the Silk brand equity beyond soy into other plant-based bever- ages. Finally, we introduced our first fruit-based platform, Fruit2Day®, as part of our Hero JV.
We expanded our branded business segment with the acquisition of Alpro in June of 2009. Alpro is the soy foods leader in Europe. With this acquisition, Dean’s collective expertise, knowledge and tech- nology in soy are unsurpassed. As a result, we have created the leading global branded soy products platform, adding to our exciting growth prospects.
ACCELERATING OUR TRANSFORMATION
IMPROVED FINANCIAL FLEXIBILITY
We remain focused on driving strong, consistent cash flow across our business even as our transfor- mation accelerates. In 2009’s challenging economic environment, we demonstrated once again the resiliency of Dean’s financial model. We ended the year with free cash flow over $390 million.* Going forward, we will balance attractive business investments with continued debt pay down to ensure long-term financial flexibility and reduce risk.
With the strategic acquisition of Alpro, Dean Foods is now a global leader in soy, with over $1 billion in annual retail sales in soy beverages and related products. The combination of Alpro and Silk expands our geographic reach to Europe and gives us the opportunity to increase overall consumption and accelerate growth.
POSITIONED TO WIN
All in all, we made great progress in 2009. But the urgency created by a very difficult marketplace has caused us to accelerate our efforts to transform the company and position ourselves for long-term success.
We enter 2010 facing very real challenges. Recov- ery from the recession will be slow and value expectations have been reset to a new, more demanding level. Consumers expect more for less, driving us to focus on value and find ways to increasingly differentiate our products. I see a future dairy industry with fewer, more efficient players in which Dean extends its leadership position.
As we look into that future, I suspect the road will be rocky for a while. But we are committed to deliv- ering on our full potential. We have made great advances in the face of our recent challenges. I am convinced that we have the right strategies and the right team in place to meet the challenges ahead, and that we will emerge from this process stronger, better and more successful than ever.
Thank you for your confidence and support,
     4
