Dear Fellow Stockholders:
2013 was an exciting and eventful year for Dean Foods and our stockholders. We refocused our business on fluid dairy by separating Morningstar and WhiteWave from Dean Foods. These actions undeniably unlocked substantial stockholder value and redefined our company. Indeed, in less than a year, Dean Foods executed more complex financial transactions than most companies will accomplish in a decade.
During the course of 2013, Dean Foods and its Board of Directors:
• Successfully achieved the separation of our Morningstar and WhiteWave businesses from Dean Foods, delivering over $1.9 billion in stockholder value
• Sold our remaining WhiteWave shares in a tax- free transaction that netted us $589 million in proceeds and marked a renewed focus on our core business
• Effected a one-for-two reverse stock split of our common stock to ensure appropriate liquidity in our stock after the completion of the separation activities
• Completed a successful cash tender offer for $400 million of our 2018 and 2016
notes that significantly reduced our ongoing interest expense
• Adopted a cash dividend policy of paying a quarterly dividend starting in the first quarter of 2014
• Approved an increase in the amount available for repurchases of our outstanding common stock, up to a total of $300 million
• Made our balance sheet a competitive advantage by significantly reducing leverage
  TruMoo® Delivers
TruMoo is the brand that keeps delivering for our company and consumers. In three short years since it launched, TruMoo has become the largest flavored milk brand in the U.S., over three times larger than
the next national competitor.* We’ve invested in the brand through new co-packing agreements to bring portfolio diversity and growth, including new extended shelf life warehouse distribution through Target stores nationally. And a recent pilot for a high-protein version in California shows great promise for brand growth beyond traditional flavored milk.
Here are a few facts that keep us sweet on TruMoo:
• Over 100 million units of TruMoo are sold at retail each year
• In schools, 1.6 million units are served every day; TruMoo is often a preferred choice by school nutrition professionals because of its better-for-you nutritional profile
• TruMoo has surpassed the distribution of all of Dean Foods regional white milk brands combined
• Chocolate milk is the official drink of Halloween, and TruMoo earned more social media mentions during the holiday than any other milk brand
*Source: IRI, 52we 3/2/2014, Multi-Outlet
  
So, allow me to re-introduce you to the new Dean Foods.
Fueled by the passion of nearly 18,000 employees, Dean Foods is an industry leader with the vision to be the most admired and trusted provider of wholesome, great-tasting dairy products at every occasion.
We have been honored with numerous national awards, and our dedication to people, safety, quality, and customer service is second to none. In fact,
our safety improvements in 2013 resulted
in lower insurance and related claims costs, directly impacting our bottom line this year.
Proud of Our Portfolio
While our customers know Dean Foods, our consumers know our products. Our portfolio of successful, well-known brands such as TruMoo®, Dean’s®, Mayfield®, Garelick Farms®, Tuscan®, Meadow Gold®, Alta Dena®, and others collectively represent nearly 50 percent of our sales each year. Our branded milk, including TruMoo flavored milk, is in more than 118 million U.S. household refrigerators.**
As the leader in the dairy case with product distribution across all 50 states, our private label portfolio adds substantially to our prominence. The hardworking employees
of Dean Foods take pride in knowing that at least one of our dairy products appears in nearly two-thirds of U.S. household refrigerators.**
Transformative 2013
The year brought great change for the company, change that will position us well as we face increased challenges in the dairy processing industry.
Among the factors that impacted us in 2013: milk consumption continued to decline nationally, a key customer chose to move its dairy processing in-house, and we lost a significant portion of a national retailer’s business when it chose to regionally bid its milk processing in an effort to diversify its supplier base.
While these challenges were short-term headwinds, I believe they made us stronger. Dean Foods was able to win new business, accelerate our cost productivity efforts
by closing eight processing facilities, drive safety improvements, and make various other cost-saving moves that resulted in a positive impact to our bottom line. These 2013 efforts will have a long-term, positive effect on the company.
 **Source: IRI, 52we 2/16/2014, Total US/All Outlet

Looking Ahead to 2014
Dean Foods expects to achieve our goals through our continued focus on driving profitable volume performance, applying pricing discipline, and controlling costs.
The Commercial organization is keenly focused on efforts that will continue our established track record of growing share. Since 2011, we have promoted TruMoo at national brand levels to build the number one flavored milk brand in the U.S., and we’re continuing to invest in TruMoo’s success through ongoing product innovation. Our white milk brands recently adopted a
new, consistent label that communicates differentiating features and sets the stage for us to leverage marketing spend across traditional brand borders. Under certain regional brands, we’re also launching consumer-preferred cultured dairy packaging that delivers benefits to us, the retailer, and the consumer.
We’re reducing costs across all areas of our enterprise, with an increased focus on continuous improvement activities to drive waste, cost, and inefficiencies out of our business. In Logistics, we’re increasing our route efficiency efforts
and optimizing our third-party network. And
in Operations, recent capital improvements
mean our plants are well positioned to meet
our customers’ needs, and that our employees will have the means to do their work safely and more efficiently.
We remain confident we are building a strong foundation for future success, and I’d like to recognize and thank our employees for their hard work toward that goal. Pure and simple, we are becoming the dairy company that we aspire to be, and I thank you, our stockholders, for investing in us.
Sincerely,
    Regional Brand Makeover
You may recognize the scene on the cover of
this report. In late 2013, we moved our brands
to a common graphics look. The new labeling includes our Purity Checklist, giving the consumer assurance that our farmers pledge not to use artificial growth hormones and that we test all of our milk for the presence of antibiotics, among other important differentiators.
Through robust research, we know that this messaging resonates with consumers, and the conversion of our graphics to a new common
look allows us to begin to benefit from our brand equities across our portfolio. At the same time, it opens avenues for us to leverage marketing spend across traditional regional brand borders.
           