 A Letter from our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Dear Fellow Shareholders:
Innovative new product launches. Continuous improvement in our supply chain. Strong relationships with customers. These are actions we took in 2011 to better position our business to succeed despite a challenging marketplace. As a result, we exited the year stronger than we entered it and are cautiously optimistic about our business results for 2012.
After two years of significant pressure on the fluid milk business, our continued efforts to reduce costs combined with the retreat of raw milk prices late
in the year led to a return to year-over-year profit growth for our largest business segment, Fresh Dairy Direct, in the fourth quarter of 2011. Though challenging economic conditions and shifting
dairy category dynamics continued to challenge
us in 2011, I’m proud that we met or exceeded our external financial guidance, not just for the full year, but consistently every quarter since the fourth quarter of 2010. We believe our core dairy business is beginning to stabilize. At the same time, our branded businesses showed continued strength behind our innovation and the strength of our brands in growing categories.
WhiteWave-Alpro
The WhiteWave-Alpro segment produces and sells an array of branded value-added dairy, plant- based food and beverages, coffee creamers, and coffee beverages. WhiteWave brands — including
Silk®, Horizon Organic®, International Delight®, and LAND O’LAKES® — are U.S. category leaders and consumer favorites. Alpro is the pan-European leader in branded plant-based food and beverage products sold under the Alpro® and Provamel® brands. The end of 2011 marked the eighth consecutive quarter of positive growth across all brands in the WhiteWave-Alpro portfolio.
We’re very proud of WhiteWave-Alpro’s accomplishments in 2011, and we believe we
are poised for continued growth in 2012. Part of WhiteWave’s heritage is rooted in the creation
and development of new product categories. This continues with the 2012 launch of multi-serve iced coffee under the International Delight brand and ongoing expansion of the Silk plant-based portfolio through product launches such as the new Silk Fruit&Protein. However, WhiteWave-Alpro is not immune to economic pressures, such as higher commodity costs, supply shortages, and inflation. Still, these challenges have been offset by strong top-line growth and a tight focus on costs.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 DEAN FOODS 2011 RESULTS
                                                                                                                                                                          Morningstar Foods
* Refers to adjusted results for the twelve months ended December 31, 2011
Fresh Dairy Direct
The Company’s Fresh Dairy Direct segment is
the nation’s largest processor and direct-to-store distributor of fluid milk, marketed under more than 50 local and regional dairy brands and a wide array of private labels. Fresh Dairy Direct also distributes ice cream, cultured products, creamers, juices, teas, bottled water and other products.
Fresh Dairy Direct’s strategy is to provide excellent products and services while achieving significantly lower costs. We strive to use our superior quality and lower costs to win new customers and grow profitability while offering superior customer service through one of the country’s largest refrigerated store delivery networks.
Fresh Dairy Direct has faced challenges since
late 2009 as the result of weak industry
volumes, competitive pricing pressures, and
highly inflationary commodities. We have taken
a number of significant steps to improve the performance of Fresh Dairy Direct. We streamlined our list of initiatives and focused on three core areas: reducing costs, price realization to cover commodity inflation, and offsetting industry volume weakness through new business wins. Execution
in these areas has been essential to help offset the headwinds facing this business, although we still have work to do.
Morningstar Foods is a leading provider of extended shelf life value-added creams and creamers, beverages, and cultured dairy products, with an emphasis on foodservice customers
and private label retail. Approximately 64% of Morningstar’s 2011 net sales were in the foodservice channel, and 36% were to retail or other customers. We plan to invest to support the future growth of this business, and expect continued solid returns from our investment.
One of Morningstar’s core strengths is its investment to support customers through the development of innovative products, menu items and in-store solutions that drive customer volume and profit. The history and future of Morningstar have a common thread of deep customer relationships where we’re as passionate about their progress as we are our own. Successful collaboration across Morningstar plant teams, sales teams, and corporate staff has built solid customer relationships and driven a performance culture.
In fact, McDonald’s USA named Dean Foods as their 2011 U.S. Supplier of the Year. To say we
are proud of this honor and humbled by it is an understatement.
Operating Income*
Net Sales
Earnings Per Share*
$206 million $2.1 billion
$95 million $1.3 billion
$349 million $9.6 billion
CONSOLIDATED RESULTS
$464 million $13.1 billion
$0.77
 At Dean Foods, we are fortunate to offer a portfolio full of natural, nutritious products that are staples of a healthy diet. Our products are served in homes, schools, restaurants, hospitals, and coffee shops every day. In fact, over 80% of U.S. households purchased a branded Dean Foods product in 2011. And that doesn’t include our private label or restaurant products.

 Consolidated Results
We finished 2011 with $464 million of full-year consolidated adjusted operating income, down two percent from 2010.* Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $0.77.* In one year, we reduced our leverage ratio of funded debt to EBITDA from 5.13 times to 4.64 times as of December 31, 2011, well below the scheduled 5.50 covenant step down
at the end of the first quarter of 2012. Continued cost savings initiatives combined with declining raw milk prices in the fourth quarter helped offset ongoing fluid milk category volume declines
and rising commodity costs, allowing our largest segment, Fresh Dairy Direct, to return to profit growth in the fourth quarter of 2011.
A Solid Year
We celebrated many accomplishments in spite
of the headwinds we faced in 2011. In addition
to consistently meeting our external financial guidance, we won significant new volume, launched innovative new products, and reduced costs across the business. Our national footprint, superior quality products, dedication to customer service, advanced R&D efforts, and focus on
cost savings are the strengths that will continue to differentiate Dean Foods in the minds of our customers and consumers.
Looking Forward
In 2012, we expect difficult conditions to continue for the broader fluid milk industry, but we are cautiously optimistic about our business. We expect raw milk costs to remain relatively flat throughout 2012. We believe we have momentum behind our Morningstar and WhiteWave-Alpro segments
and that Fresh Dairy Direct is entering 2012 with improved prospects and a leaner cost structure. Challenges such as fluid milk category volume weakness, retail pricing pressures, and organic milk supply shortages will test the dairy industry. Nevertheless, we look forward to a year marked by determination, perseverance, and progress as we work to deliver results for our shareholders, employees, customers, and consumers.
Thank you for your confidence and support,
       *For a reconciliation of the adjusted financial results contained herein, see the “Additional Information” at the end of this report.
