From the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
Dear Fellow Shareholders:
Dean Foods Company experienced an extremely challenging year in 2007. Extraordinary cost inflation in dairy commodities and volatility in
the raw organic milk market caused us to fall far short of our financial goals.
As the year unfolded, we began to feel the effects of an emerging structural shift in the U.S. dairy industry, driven by our industry’s expanding role in the worldwide economy and by the prospect of sustained higher input costs. The challenges we faced last year and that we will continue to face in this period of
industry-wide change strengthened
our resolve to transform our business
into a more efficient, profitable and
sustainable operating model. In 2006,
we began several multi-year capability
and productivity enhancement
initiatives. In 2007, we made steady
progress on the development and early
implementation of these efforts. We
will continue to focus on these initiatives as we work
to return to sustainable long-term growth.
Addressing a Dynamic Marketplace
Last year, the declining value of the U.S. dollar
and a shortage of global dairy supply resulted in an unprecedented foreign demand for U.S. produced dairy- based products. This unexpected export demand caused prices for Class I raw milk to skyrocket. Beginning in
the second quarter, raw milk prices started a dramatic
climb and remained at or near record-high levels for the balance of the year. Second half average raw milk prices were over 80% higher in 2007 than in the prior year.
In our Dairy Group, we were challenged throughout the year to raise prices as quickly as the costs of raw milk and other inputs escalated. The Dairy Group’s cost of goods sold increased by $1.6 billion in 2007, most
of which was offset by increased prices. However, the stepped-up pricing did not cover all our costs. Operating results were negatively impacted by the increased
value of milk normally lost during the production process (called “shrink”), by higher packaging and fuel costs, and by a substantial reduction in the proceeds from our sales of excess cream, which offsets our costs of goods sold. Also, as we continued to raise prices for finished products in response to increased raw material costs, consumers in some markets reacted
by shifting from our branded products to lower-priced private label products. All of these factors combined to result in an approximately 9% decline in Dairy Group operating income for the year.
At WhiteWave Foods, we grew Horizon Organic® milk volume sales by approximately 18% and expanded our market share in the face of an industry-wide oversupply of raw organic milk. The oversupply led to steep discounting and aggressive distribution expansion by our competitors in an effort to stimulate incremental demand. In response, we made
 1

 the strategic decision to defend the long-term value of our Horizon Organic brand by lowering prices and increasing our own marketing investment. Our efforts were successful. Our other WhiteWave brands also enjoyed healthy top-line growth. Silk® sales increased by 8%, International Delight® sales grew 11% and sales of our LAND O LAKES® products were up 13%. Despite these increases, WhiteWave’s operating income fell 11%, due largely to our strategic investment in support of Horizon Organic, and also due to the higher costs of raw material packaging and fuel.
Building a Strong Future
Despite the challenges in 2007, we made considerable progress in the company’s transformation. We continued our efforts to optimize the performance
of WhiteWave Foods. We successfully completed the implementation of the SAP enterprise operating system, which we believe will enable us to better manage the WhiteWave platform and allow for improved profitability. We also transitioned our selling systems from a predominately broker-managed system to a hybrid
direct selling and brokered model so that we can more effectively and efficiently sell and distribute our brands.
We made progress on the centralization of our accounting and finance organization across the Direct Store Delivery (DSD) and Morningstar platforms. We consolidated our transaction processing activities from over 100 locations across the country into five regional processing centers. This streamlined system will allow us to reduce costs and upgrade our capabilities.
Perhaps our most significant accomplishment
in 2007 was the continued build-out of a first-class leadership team. During the year, we made key additions in the areas of supply chain management, human resources, sales and marketing. We are fortunate to have attracted some of the best talent in the consumer goods industry. We now have
a management team that I believe has the right combination of exceptional dairy industry expertise and very relevant operational and strategic experience from related industries, many of which have already
Fortifying Our Future
      2

completed their own transformational process.
In January of this year, we realigned our leadership
team and strategy around distinct supply chain and delivery channels. Our new DSD platform will focus solely on our high velocity, short shelf-life, locally and regionally branded fluid milk, as well as our ice cream business. Our Morningstar platform, which is a leading manufacturer of private label cultured and extended shelf-life dairy products, largely delivered to customer warehouses, will be aligned with WhiteWave to allow us to leverage the manufacturing,
distribution, innovation and systems infrastructure across both of these businesses. We believe this platform-based focus will allow us to better meet the evolving needs of our customers and enable us to fully realize the benefits of our scale.
We are continuing to analyze
our business to identify and prioritize opportunities
to improve efficiency. One of our top priorities will be optimizing our manufacturing network. We are relatively early in the process of streamlining and consolidating our many acquired operations and, as a result, there
is a great deal of decentralization and complexity still
in our system. The development and execution of this initiative will be a multi-year effort and will require additional investments in people, systems and facilities. We are taking a disciplined and careful approach to this
effort in order to ensure that we align with the needs of our customers and with our own goals of creating more sustainable business practices. The challenges are significant, but we believe there will be tremendous long- term benefits.
We are also intensifying our efforts to mitigate
cost inflation. We have expanded and strengthened our centralized procurement program. We are taking steps to lower costs by improving the energy efficiency of our plants, reducing our fuel usage and changing
the materials used in our packaging. In the near term, we will reinvest the majority of the savings generated by these and our other cost savings initiatives into our long-term optimization efforts.
We also are placing an increased emphasis on brand- building and innovation.
We have strengthened our product development
and marketing capabilities with new talent and more disciplined execution. In 2008, we will expand the development and introduction of new products and line extensions.
Finally, as a result of today’s challenging operating environment, we have begun to see an increasing number of attractive acquisition prospects. In the past year, we completed three strategic acquisitions, and are currently considering several others. Recently, we raised
 3

 $400 million in a public equity offering and we have used the proceeds to reduce outstanding debt under our senior credit facility. This reduction in our outstanding debt will not only lower our interest expense, but also will provide us with greater flexibility to take advantage of compelling acquisition opportunities in the future.
In summary, 2007 was the most difficult year in our history. Looking forward to 2008, we expect commodity pressures to lessen to some degree. But, as the U.S. dairy industry becomes more fully integrated with international markets, we anticipate continued volatility in conventional raw milk pricing. The organic raw milk market is also in a state of flux. At this point, we have shifted from the oversupply of last year to an increasingly tight supply accompanied by rising prices. Other input costs, including fuel, energy and packaging, remain high and in some cases are continuing to increase. In this environment, we are extremely focused on reducing costs and improving efficiency. We are in the early stages of a challenging but exciting period of transformation, and
I believe we have many opportunities to meaningfully enhance our long-term profitability.
I would like to thank each of our employees for their focused dedication and hard work throughout this period of volatility and transition. And, I thank
you, our shareholders, for your continued investment in and support of our company. Although we are in the midst of a long-term transition, we expect the fruits
of our efforts to become increasingly evident as time goes on. We remain in the enviable position of being the industry leader, with leading brands, healthy and nutritious products, an unparalleled manufacturing and distribution system and an outstanding team of employees. With these assets and our commitment to building a stronger company, we are well-positioned for future long-term growth.
Gregg L. Engles
Chairman of the Board
and Chief Executive Officer
Fortifying Our Future
   4
