 Delivering to Our Shareholders Dear Fellow Shareholders:
The first year of the new millennium proved to be a year of extraordinary accomplishment and change at Suiza Foods Corporation. We began the year with the acquisition of Southern Foods Group, the third largest dairy processor in the United States. This transaction, which was completed on
January 1, 2000 through a joint venture with Dairy Farmers of America, transformed our business. With this acquisition we increased the number of plants that we operate by 30, gained over 5,500 new employees and grew our sales by approximately $1.3 billion. We were also delighted to welcome Pete Schenkel, former owner of Southern Foods, as President of our Dairy Group and Vice Chairman of our Board of Directors. He and his team bring a tremendous amount of expertise and experience to our company, and in their first year in the Suiza Foods family they have already proven that they can deliver results. In addition to these significant differences, the most profound change brought about by the Southern Foods acquisition was that it provided us with the infrastructure we needed to enable us to serve customers with virtually any product in the dairy case almost anywhere across the United States and Puerto Rico.
Of course, infrastructure alone does not ensure success, but it does create opportunity. Our challenge was, and still is, to use our new
infrastructure to become our customers’ dairy supplier of choice by providing them with unmatched service, quality and value.
Our operating units acted quickly to take advantage of their new opportunities,
making the first year under our new regime a truly outstanding year.
Our Operating Units Are Delivering Above Expectations – Dairy Group sales grew by 50.2% over last year, to
approximately $4.66 billion. Fluid milk

 volumes in the Dairy Group rose by 0.8% during 2000, compared to a 0.6% decrease in industry- wide fluid milk sales, as we proved to our customers that we can deliver the best service, quality and value. Operating margin for the Dairy Group before non-recurring items improved by 84 basis points for the year, partially due to a favorable raw milk environment, but also as a result of purchasing, administrative and manufacturing synergies we were able to produce in the first year after the acquisition of Southern Foods.
Our Morningstar subsidiary also delivered an outstanding performance in 2000. Branded sales grew 16.6% for the year, while overall sales grew 7.5%. Despite an unexpected spike in butterfat costs during the fourth quarter, Morningstar increased its operating margin for the year before non-recurring items by 150 basis points, again demonstrating our ability to expand profitability even in the face of a difficult commodity environment. Morningstar also reached some exciting goals in product innovation during 2000. In February 2000, we launched Sun Soy®, a non- dairy, lactose-free, cholesterol-free soy milk. We were pleased with Sun Soy’s first year sales, and we plan further innovations in this rapidly growing category in 2001. Sales of International Delight® increased 17% during the year. In September 2000, we formed a strategic partnership with Hershey Foods whereby Morningstar will manufacture, sell and distribute dairy products under the Hershey®’s brand. We are very excited about this partnership and believe that it provides us with a wealth of opportunity for future innovation and growth. Our first products launched under this partnership achieved nationwide distribution in January of this year, including all U.S. Wal-Mart stores. Morningstar has several exciting new product and packaging innovations scheduled for introduction in 2001, and we have budgeted a significant investment in support of their launch.
Net Sales
(in millions)
$6,000 $5,000 $4,000 $3,000 $2,000 $1,000
0
98 99 00
We redesigned and updated the packaging of our International Delight® line of coffee creamers (shown below) during 2000 and launched an aggressive advertising campaign intended to reposition the product as an essential part of every cup of coffee.
Our efforts were rewarded as we saw sales of International Delight® increase by 17% during the year.
Diluted Earnings Per Share*
$4.00 $3.50 $3.00 $2.50 $2.00 $1.50 $1.00 $ .50
0
98 99 00
*Before non-recurring items
Early in 2000, we assigned Bing Graffunder, President of Morningstar, the task of reviving our Puerto Rico operations, which have experienced operational difficulties since late 1998. Under the leadership of Bing and his outstanding team, we saw significant improvement during 2000, and we expect these operations to continue to improve throughout 2001.
I thank all of our operating units for their hard work during the year to ensure that our customers did not feel any negative impact as a result of the inevitable internal strains associated with the integration process.
          We Are Integrating, Rationalizing and Becoming
More Efficient – We put a significant amount of
energy during the year into integrating our
acquired businesses as quickly and efficiently as
possible. One important step we took was the consolidation of our employee benefit plans. As a
result of our rapid growth, we had a number of 3 employee benefit plans in place throughout our
company. With the help of our outstanding human resources professionals, we were able to consolidate our many non-union plans into one, which resulted in a one-time gain of approximately $.03 per share in the second quarter of 2000 and will produce significant savings for our company in the future. Perhaps more important than the savings, however, is the sense of unity that a single benefit plan brings to our company, and I applaud all of our 18,000 employees for their graceful navigation of this transition.
2
         
 We also took some important steps during the year in rationalizing our manufacturing capabilities. During the year, we moved three plants out of our Dairy Group into Morningstar. Production of fresh dairy products previously processed in those plants was moved to nearby Dairy Group plants, leaving Morningstar with the ultra-high temperature
(or “UHT”) operations and providing them with much needed UHT capacity. We also transferred three plants from Morningstar into the Dairy Group. These plants all produce cultured dairy products and we believe that we can more efficiently produce these products out of our Dairy Group, allowing Morningstar to focus primarily on UHT and specialty products. These realignments of manufacturing resources allow our operating units to better serve our customers, while at the same time enabling them to operate more efficiently as they concentrate on their core businesses. We plan further rationalization of this type in 2001 and beyond.
Also during 2000, as part of our overall integration and cost reduction strategy, we closed three plants, eliminated a significant amount of duplicative administrative expenses and booked over
$29 million in purchasing synergies. We formed
an in-house tax group and assigned them the responsibility of, among other things, identifying tax savings for our company. As a result of the efforts of this group, we lowered our overall tax rate for the year. We are proud of our tax group’s accomplishments during 2000 and expect that they will continue to identify potential savings as we move through 2001 and beyond.
We know that better technology increases our efficiency, and we are constantly working to enhance our technological capabilities. We took a leadership role in the development and formation of Dairy.com, the first business-to-business online vertical exchange focused specifically on bringing
Free Cash Flow*
(in millions of dollars)
farmers, farm cooperatives, processors and manufacturers together in an electronic marketplace for the exchange of goods and services, supply chain efficiency tools and dairy farm optimization tools. The product exchange component of the site began operations in January 2001, and we have already realized benefits as we have used it to streamline the process of buying and selling cream, raw milk and other ingredients. We expect this tool to allow us to increase our efficiency even further as more and more buyers and sellers begin to use this tool in their operations. We also made significant progress during 2000 on the roll-out of our state-of-the-art “enterprise resource planning” system in our Northeast region. All phases of the roll-out have been on time or ahead of schedule and we expect the system to be fully operational by mid-2001.
We Are Using Our Capital Wisely – At Suiza Foods, we are extremely disciplined about investing our capital where potential returns are greatest. During 2000, that meant aggressively investing in our own stock. We repurchased a total of 3.3 million shares of our common stock during 2000 for a total cost of $148.5 million. We have repurchased an additional 123,334 shares to date this year, and approximately $101.3 million remains available under our current Board authorization.
Also in 2000, in addition to Southern Foods, we acquired six companies with a total of more than $500 million in annual sales. Acquisitions have always been an important part of our growth strategy, and we expect to continue to make both “tuck-in” and “new platform” acquisitions in various markets throughout the country, in order to ensure that we are always able to meet our customers’ service needs. In February 2000, we acquired a 75% interest in Leche Celta, the fourth largest dairy in Spain with annual revenues of approximately $150 million. We have learned a
 1998
1999
2000
*Free cash flow is defined as net income before non-recurring items plus depreciation, amortization and minority interest less capital expenditures and income contributed by Consolidated Container.
160 140 120
100 80
60 40 20
0
 160 140 120
100 80
60 40 20
0
 160 140 120
100 80
60 40 20
0

great deal in our first year in Spain, and we continue to believe that Europe offers us a potentially attractive new platform for growth.
We intend to take a cautious approach to significant further investment in Europe, however, in order to ensure that any such investment will be value-creating for our shareholders.
During the first and second quarters of 2000, we sold the two European packaging operations we acquired from Continental Can, and re-invested the proceeds in our core dairy business and in the repurchase of our stock. We also closed and fully funded an asset securitization totaling $150 million, and used the proceeds to pay down higher cost debt.
We Are Delivering on Our Commitments – I am extremely proud of our performance in 2000. Our strong operating performance allowed us to overcome unavoidable situations such as weak performance at our minority-owned businesses, rising energy prices and a volatile butterfat market. Despite these challenges, we met or exceeded the goals that we set for ourselves. We have an outstanding management team with a formidable record of delivering on commitments. Our efforts have been rewarded with an increase in our stock price of more than 20% since the beginning of 2000, and the recognition of the financial and business press with honors such as inclusion in Forbes’ 2000 Platinum List of the finest companies in America and Fortune magazines’ 2000 list of America’s Most Admired Companies. I thank all of our 18,000 employees for their daily contributions that allow our company to continuously build on its success.
Looking Ahead – While we are always proud to report outstanding historical performance, we are never satisfied to rest on our past
accomplishments. Our business is extremely competitive, and we understand that the only way to win is to consistently deliver unsurpassed value to our customers. In 2001 we intend to:
• Continue building on our customer relationships by providing them with unmatched service, quality and value;
• Continue to introduce winning new products and packaging, and market them aggressively;
• Continue integrating the businesses we have acquired and increasing our efficiency by taking advantage of economies of scale and lowering costs; and
• Continue to invest our capital where potential returns are greatest.
We expect adherence to this strategy to translate into top-line sales growth of approximately 3% to 4%, and earnings per share growth in the range of
10% to 12%.
I thank you for your investment in and support of our company, and I look forward to reporting another year of outstanding performance in 2001.
Sincerely,
Gregg L. Engles
Chairman of the Board
and Chief Executive Officer
April 4, 2001
4 5
 Also in 2000, Suiza Dairy Group expanded its test market of our new Milk Made Better line of value-added milks into markets in New England and Michigan, and extended our offerings to include Chocolate kidsmilkTM. While we intend to continue our test of this line in a slow and deliberate manner, these products have been embraced by our customers and consumers. We are committed to continuing to bring innovative products and packaging to our customers through our Dairy Group.
    