 To Our Shareholders,
 n 1986, Discover pioneered cash rewards and
no annual fee credit cards, and also established the first successful new credit card network in decades. Today, Discover has one of the most recognized
brands in U.S. financial services, is one of the largest card issuers, and operates two large and fast-growing payments networks.
On June 30, 2007, Discover became a public company as a result of our spin-off from Morgan Stanley, and we look forward to building upon Discover’s proud heritage and many strengths to take advantage of new opportunities in the financial services industry.
I am proud of Discover’s many accomplishments in 2007, including the following:
Achieved U.S. Card pretax profit of $1.5 billion and Third-Party Payments pretax profit of $37 million;
Grew U.S. credit card sales by 4% to $90.3 billion and total U.S. managed loans by 5% to $48.2 billion;
Continued strong credit results, achieving a managed U.S. credit card charge-off rate of 3.84%;
Increased third-party volume on our debit and credit networks by 25% to $91.7 billion; and
Made significant progress on our new business model to expand merchant acceptance of Discover Network cards.
     2 DISCOVER FINANCIAL SERVICES SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT 2007

“Every action and interaction at Discover is guided by our values: Doing the right thing,
Innovation, Simplicity,
Collaboration, Openness, Volunteerism, Enthusiasm and Respect.
”David Nelms
Chief Executive Officer
In total, Discover reported net income of $589 million, or $1.23 per share, including a non-cash impairment charge of $279 million after tax related to the company’s International Card business. Without the charge, net income would have been $868 million,
or $1.81 per share.
While our dedicated U.K. employees achieved important progress in our Goldfish business, the funding and operating environment there continues to be a challenge. Accordingly, on February 7, 2008, Discover announced an agreement for Barclays Bank PLC to acquire Discover’s U.K. credit card business. The transaction frees up
capital, enhances Discover’s net income, and brings even sharper focus to our profitable and growing U.S. Card and Third-Party Payments businesses. The sale is expected to close in our second quarter.
Looking ahead, I am very optimistic about Discover’s future as a public company. Our U.S. Card business has high margins with strong cash flows and numerous strengths, including an established brand, leadership positions in rewards and customer service, and sophisticated marketing and risk management programs. We also have opportunities to offer additional financial services that leverage our brand, capabilities and large customer base.
DISCOVER FINANCIAL SERVICES SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT 2007 3

In our payments business, we have achieved strong and accelerating volume growth in both debit and third-party credit, which we believe significantly increases future growth opportunities for Discover. In addition, Discover has a strong balance sheet with established sources of liquidity, and we have a senior management team of experienced leaders.
As I write, concerns about the U.S. economy and U.S. consumer credit quality continue to rise. Over the last five years, Discover has enhanced its credit policies and practices, tightened underwriting standards, enhanced account management efforts,and leveraged state-of-the-art databases and analytic tools to provide for a strong credit foundation. In 2007, our U.S. Card business achieved its lowest managed 30+ days delinquency rate in more than 15 years—an important indication of strong credit quality. Given our established cardmember base (80% of our U.S. loans are on accounts that have been open for five years or more), we are well positioned to maintain profitability through
the current credit cycle and to continue prudent growth.
In 2008, Discover will focus on the following priorities: growing U.S. Card loans, earning a good return on those loans, maintaining our strong credit foundation, growing our payments business, broadening acceptance and increasing efficiency.
“
4 DISCOVER FINANCIAL SERVICES SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT 2007
We are very proud
of Discover’s position as an industry leader in cash rewards and customer service.
”
Roger Hochschild
President and Chief Operating Officer

“Our emphasis on credit quality is part of responsible lending and it contributes to Discover’s solid financial results.
”Roy Guthrie
Chief Financial Officer
2007 was a landmark year for Discover, and I would like to acknowledge those who helped make it possible:
Our customers: We are fortunate to have cardmembers who are extremely loyal to the Discover brand, and network partners who value collaboration and innovation.
Our employees: Their commitment and “customer-first” attitude helped make Discover successful in the past,
and they are the key to our success in the future.
Our new Board of Directors, led by our Chairman, Dennis D. Dammerman: We are very pleased to have attracted such a highly qualified group of individuals to serve on our board. Their experience and guidance will be of significant value to Discover as we continue to grow our business as an independent company.
With the help of Discover’s dedicated employees and strong leadership, and with an eye toward fulfilling our vision of being the most rewarding relationship consumers and businesses have with a financial services company, I am confident
we can make progress on each of our priorities in 2008 and be successful in our first full year as a public company.
David Nelms
Chief Executive Officer
     DISCOVER FINANCIAL SERVICES SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT 2007 5
