                              TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS, CUSTOMERS AND EMPLOYEES
2014 marked Dollar General’s 75th anniversary of helping our customers save time and money by providing them with quality basic merchandise at great everyday low prices in convenient neighborhood stores. One thing that remains a constant in the changing landscape of retail is the importance of maintaining our customer-centered focus. By doing the basics like taking care of our stores and serving our customers, Dollar General has positioned itself as the sector leader with a real competitive advantage.
As you may know, this will be my last letter to you as chairman and chief executive officer. I feel very fortunate to have had the opportunity to lead Dollar General for the past seven years. In many ways, it was great timing. I have been told I was the right person at the right time for Dollar General. I know Dollar General was the right company for me. This has been the best job of my life, working alongside people I respect and admire, and serving as CEO of a company that I love. I am passionate about our mission of Serving Others. That spirit of service is at the heart of everything we do for our customers who count on us to provide them with the everyday items they need at prices they can afford, our employees who are able to grow with us and build careers and our shareholders who count on us to drive strong returns.
I am proud of many things, operational and financial, we have achieved over the last seven years. Since I joined Dollar General in January 2008, our annual sales have nearly doubled, our store base has expanded by nearly 44% to 11,789 locations and sales per square foot has climbed 35%, all while significantly improving the profitability of our business. We have invested in our future through the addition of three distribution centers, adding more than 2,500,000 square feet of distribution capability, or an increase of 26%, to fuel our growth. It has been a remarkable journey.
Highlights of 2014
• Net sales increased by 8.0% to $18.9 billion or $223 per square foot.
• Same-stores sales grew 2.8%, marking our 25th consecutive year of same-store sales growth.
• We reported net income of $1.065 billion or $3.49 per diluted share.
• Cash flow from operations increased by 8.4% to $1.3 billion.
In 2014, we delivered on our commitment to increase shareholder value. We invested in new store growth,
opening 700 new stores, while also returning capital to our shareholders through the repurchase of 14.1 million shares of our common stock. We had increases in both customer traffic and average transaction amounts resulting from the refinement of our merchandise offerings and increased utilization of store square footage.
Our mission is Serving Others, and Dollar General is committed to improving the quality of life in our hometowns. In 2014, we partnered with our customers and vendors to donate nearly $17 million for charities, including $13 million toward the Dollar General Literacy Foundation, which helps to improve lives through literacy and education. Increasing literacy with an emphasis on adult literacy has been our focus, and we have helped millions of individuals take their first steps toward literacy or continued education since the Foundation’s inception in 1993.
In 2015, we plan to open approximately 730 new stores and increase our selling square footage by six percent as we continue to expand in our existing markets, as well as enter the states of Maine, Oregon and Rhode Island. Given our strong return profile for new stores, we announced an acceleration of our new store openings for 2016 to seven percent selling square footage growth. We also have announced an expanded capital return plan for shareholders that includes both share repurchases and anticipated quarterly dividends. These plans represent a balanced approach to our commitment of delivering increased value by investing in future growth and returning capital to our shareholders.
Dollar General is a strong company because of our employees and their enduring commitment to Serving Others including our shareholders, customers, fellow employees and the many communities we serve. I believe the future is bright for Dollar General. I look forward to the company’s continued success.
Kindest regards,
Richard W. Dreiling
CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER April 2, 2015
  