 Fellow Shareholder:
For Dollar General, 2005 proved to be a year of significant accomplishments in positioning the Company to meet its long-term objectives. While it was a difficult year for the Company in some respects, we remain on target with regard to our strategic plan.
In 2005, we saw the organiza- tion grow and become stronger and more competitive. We added management expertise, drawing both from inside and outside the Company. We experienced the ini- tial successes of our EZstore efforts and Project Gold Standard and learned how to make these projects even more effective. In March 2006, we celebrated the opening of our 8,000th store, strengthening our claim as the leader in our sector and the operator of more stores than any other retailer in the US.
Some of our other accomplish- ments for the year (a 53-week fiscal year) include:
• We added $921 million of new revenue, growing net sales by 12 percent to $8.6 billion, while same- store sales increased 2.0 percent.
• We produced $350 million of net income, or 4.1 percent of net sales. Earnings per share were $1.08, up 3.8 percent over 2004.
• We generated $251 million in free cash flow.* We increased our per share dividend by over nine percent and paid cash dividends to shareholders of $56 million, or 17.5 cents per share. We repurchased approxi- mately 15 million shares of our outstanding common stock.
• Standard and Poor’s raised the Company’s credit rating to investment grade.
• We opened 734 new stores, including 29 new Dollar General Markets. By fiscal year-end, we operated 7,929 stores in 31 states, including 44 Dollar General Markets.
• We opened our eighth distribu- tion center in South Carolina in June 2005 and began construc- tion on our ninth distribution center in Marion, Indiana.
• By fiscal year-end, 3,825 stores were operating as EZstores, using our newly engineered processes to run more effectively and efficiently.
We saw our efforts during 2003 and 2004 begin to pay off nicely during the first three quarters of 2005. Illustrating that success: through three quarters, the Company posted same-store sales growth of 3.4 percent, which compared very favorably with our competitors. However, in the fourth quarter, our everyday low price model did not perform well against the height- ened holiday promotional activity of other retailers. Same-store sales dropped by 1.6 percent in the fourth quarter.
I believe that the poor per- formance in the fourth quarter was a short-term misstep resulting from a number of factors rather than a sign of long-term weakness in our basic operating model. First, we believe the external economic environment, particularly higher fuel costs, unemployment and consumer debt, negatively impact- ed our consumers, forcing trip consolidation and deferred discre- tionary spending. We know the period was difficult for all retailers serving the lower income customer, and the intensified promotional
* Please see “Non-GAAP disclosures” contained in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations on page 29.
 Left to right: Beryl J. Buley, division president of merchandising, marketing and supply chain; Challis M. Lowe, executive vice president of human resources; Kathleen R. Guion, division president of store operations and store development; David A. Perdue, chairman and CEO; Susan S. Lanigan, executive vice president and general counsel; David M. Tehle, executive vice president and CFO.

 activity of our competitors seemed to be an attempt to combat what was an overall weakness in the sector.
Secondly, in addition to exter- nal pressures, we recognized that weaknesses in our operations also contributed to our fourth quarter results. After much analysis, we identified several internal issues that negatively impacted our results, and we moved quickly to improve our effectiveness in these areas. We firmly believe that we now have the people and plans in place to make those improvements and to meet the challenges we face, in both the short and long term.
Strategic Efforts
Three years ago during my first year with the Company, work- ing with your board of directors, we established a strategic plan that included three major priorities. First, we decided to address the operation of our stores. We want- ed to improve how we operated our stores and address several negative trends. Secondly, we knew that to compete in the changing retail environment, we
had to strengthen our organiza- tion and prepare it for new chal- lenges. Third, we had to improve our merchandising productivity and make our practices more con- temporary to compete in a chang- ing economic environment.
Strengthening Store Operations
To address the critical issues impacting the operation of our stores and, thus, our customers’ experiences in the stores, we stepped back and performed a “soup-to-nuts” analysis of how our stores worked. In 2004, that com- prehensive evaluation yielded an initiative we call “EZstore.” While EZstore does not make working in a Dollar General store easy, it does make it less difficult and more pro- ductive. EZstore reduces physical labor for our employees, reduces labor costs for the Company, reduces potential damages, reduces accidents and their costs and, most importantly, improves the shopping experience for our customers. At the end of 2005, nearly half of our stores were EZstores. We will continue imple- menting the concept in other
stores in 2006. We employ
approximately 64,500 people worldwide, and most of them
work in our stores. These women and men are absolutely critical to our continued growth and success. In addition to the improvements realized from EZstore, we support our people by recruiting the right managers and by providing com- prehensive training to new store managers on every aspect of run- ning a Dollar General store. In 2005, we made additional progress toward our goal of promoting from within the Company. Of our 197 new district managers in 2005, 63 percent were promotions from within the Company. We also remain committed to diversity. By making our workforce an accurate reflection of our customer base, we more effectively meet diverse customers’ needs.
Enhancing the Leadership Team
To successfully address our challenges and opportunities, we must have a strong, committed management team with the right talent, skill set and resources. That team also must operate with the highest level of integrity. Since joining the Company, I have con- tinued to assess our needs in that regard and have worked to build the right team of people within the proper organizational structure. To help me with this, in 2005, we brought in a seasoned executive to lead our human resources function.
Improving the shopability of our stores is one way Dollar General caters to shoppers. Proper merchandising helps customers find key items faster. Senior Vice President of Store Operations Tom Mitchell shares merchandising tips with District Manager Lisa Buckley.
2
Dollar General began accepting electronic benefits transfer cards in 2003, making shopping hassle-free for customers on government assistance. At the same time, we make shop- ping for all customers more convenient by accepting debit cards and Discover Network cards.

 3

 4

 In 2005, we added significant leadership talent in the areas of store operations and store devel- opment. All of the new additions have extensive and successful retail experience. We also put both of those areas under the same division president, ensuring that they work closely together to achieve their complementary goals.
Near the end of the 2005 fiscal year, we also combined our merchandising, marketing and supply chain teams under a new division president. This move was the final step in joining all of our merchandise-related efforts together to support sales growth in our stores. Under the new struc- ture, we plan to bring in additional talent to take our merchandising efforts to the next level.
Refining Merchandising Strategies
The Dollar General model has succeeded because we have con- sistently offered merchandise from
major national brands, as well as our own high quality private label products, at everyday low prices. Customers can find nearly every consumable need in our stores in addition to a selection of apparel, home and seasonal items. Customers can also purchase basic refrigerated and frozen foods, including dairy products, eggs and packaged con- venience food items in most of our stores. In nearly all of our stores, we now have the ability to process electronic benefits transfer (EBT) cards, assisting many customers who rely on government assistance.
During 2006, we plan to focus on long-term improvement of
our merchandising function. Specifically, we are just starting our category management effort and will continue to enhance our segmentation capabilities. We are also working to strengthen our planogram, making it more responsive to trends in the market.
In 2006, we plan to increase our branded assortment and
ensure the proper pres- entation of national brands. At the same time, we have the oppor- tunity to improve our private label assortment and increase its share of
our mix. We are improving our sourcing capabilities, as well as our ability to find special purchases that will enhance our treasure hunt dimension. Our pricing con- tinues to be very competitive, and in 2005 we initiated a much more rigorous national benchmarking effort to ensure that we remain extremely competitive on price. We also have developed a new store prototype that we plan to test in existing stores and roll out in our new stores in 2006.
Space in our existing stores is being reallocated both to high- light categories that we know are important to our customers and to add new products. We also are positioning ourselves to respond more quickly to changes in cus- tomer needs and product trends throughout the year.
We demand quality products with the right prices from our ven- dors, and we value our relation- ships with vendors who meet that demand. We will continue to develop these strong vendor rela- tionships and to build new ones. As part of that effort, we are plan- ning several projects with key ven- dors in 2006 to enhance the pro- file of their brands in our stores.
In 2001, we were the first “dollar store”
to introduce coolers, making basic
foods, like milk, eggs and cheese, more
convenient for our customers. 5
Vice President of Global Sourcing Monique Wong leads the Dollar General Hong Kong buying team. Using trend forecasts and sharp negotiating skills, the team secures products customers want at prices they can afford.
Stock car racing remains one of the fastest-growing spectator sports in the U.S. and a popular pastime for many of our core customers. Dollar General enters its second year as a NASCAR race team sponsor with rising star Burney Lamar at the wheel.

 6

 Dollar General’s growing network of stores demands a high efficiency supply chain operation. Senior Vice President/General Merchandise Manager of Consumables Rita F. Branham, Vice President of Distribution Anthony Roden and Vice President of Process Improvement Rod West collaborate to ensure seamless movement of products from shop floor to sales floor.
Our Focus in 2006
In addition to driving toward the long-term strategic objectives outlined above, we will pay very close attention to the challenges ahead in 2006.
One of our highest priorities is improving same-store sales. That improvement requires effort in all areas of the business but will be chiefly centered in our merchandis-
ing, marketing and store opera- tions functions.
To meet the expanding needs of our customers, as well as the growing number of new cus- tomers, we must grow as well. In 2006, we plan to open approxi- mately 800 new traditional Dollar General stores and 30 Dollar General Markets. We expect to open our ninth distribution center in 2006 in Marion, Ind., and we will consider our expansion strategy as we determine the location of future distribution centers. We also will maintain our practice of investing in technology that sup- ports our growth and helps improve performance.
Since its founding in 1939, Dollar General has cultivated a strong and loyal customer base. Its customer-centered efforts have endured and succeeded through various economic cycles. The
Company’s compounded annual sales growth rate is in excess of 17 percent over the past 10 years. Our legacy of being “customer-centric” is crucial to our future success.
Past leaders of the Company, including our founder J.L. Turner, his son Cal Turner, Sr., and his grandson Cal Turner, Jr., under- stood the importance of focusing on the customer. They personal- ized the effort to help our cus- tomers deal with the financial pressures of everyday life.
Today, we build on that legacy. As we continue to add new cus- tomers, we never forget the needs of our low-income core customer. Our ability to understand the cir- cumstances our customers face and to give them products they want, at prices they can afford, is our greatest strength, and our customers know it.
The supply chain team is critical to the success of the EZstore process
improvement program, which continues to show promising preliminary results.
7

 Our customers tell us they are proud of how far they can stretch their income and that they appre- ciate Dollar General’s efforts to help them in that regard. We do not take that responsibility lightly.
Although Dollar General is the oldest and largest player in our sector, we are still growing rapidly. Our business model is as relevant as ever, and we are focused on ensuring that it remains competi- tive. We have a significant oppor-
tunity to increase our number of stores. In addition, we believe we also can grow by increasing the productivity of our existing stores by adapting to the ever-changing economic pressures and needs of our customers.
Your management team, with your board of directors, is working diligently on your behalf to grow shareholder value. We are excited about our future prospects and are motivated and energized to
achieve our objectives, including consistent financial growth. You have a capable team, and I am extremely proud of our progress.
I am very grateful to have the opportunity to lead Dollar General at this crucial time in its history. I believe we understand the issues before us and have the people who can deal with them. We understand the needs of our cus- tomers and our employees, and we endeavor to balance those
8

 with our responsibility to you, our shareholders.
Thank you for your investment in Dollar General Corporation and your continued support.
David A. Perdue
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
April 2006
The first Dollar General Market opened in 2003. Perishables – fruits, vegetables, and basic cuts of meat – are now a part of our strategy to deliver life’s necessities at value prices
in convenient locations to our customers.
Senior Vice President of Real Estate and Store Development Gayle Aertker and her store-set team celebrate another major mile- stone – the grand opening of Dollar General’s 8,000th store on March 3, 2006.
9
