           TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS, CUSTOMERS AND EMPLOYEES
When our company was founded in 1939, I doubt anyone could have imagined that 75 years later, Dollar General would be serving customers in over 11,000 stores in 40 states – and still be growing! Even with our tremendous growth, we have remained focused on ensuring that we understand our customers and how best to serve them. For 75 years, Dollar General has helped low and middle income families save money and time by providing them with quality basic merchandise at great prices in convenient neighborhood stores. This unique combination of value and convenience has given us a real competitive advantage through the years, and, we believe, is more important to our customers today than ever.
We accomplished a great deal in 2013, a year in which our core customers needed us more than ever as they continued to experience significant economic challenges. From a financial perspective, we achieved record sales, net income and cash flow from operations, while also investing in our future.
Financial highlights of 2013 include the following:
• Net sales increased by 9.2% to $17.5 billion, or $220
per square foot.
• Same-store sales grew 3.3%, marking our 24th
consecutive year of same-store sales growth.
• We reported net income of $1.025 billion, or $3.17
per diluted share.
• Cash flow from operations increased by 7.2% to
$1.213 billion.
We used our cash from operations for our two top priorities for increasing long-term shareholder value: 1) capital expenditures to grow and improve our operations, and 2) to return cash to our shareholders through the repurchase of 11 million shares of our common stock. We opened 650 new stores in 2013 including the opening of our 11,000th store in October. Our twelfth distribution center began shipping merchandise to our growing store base in the Northeast in January, 2014. On the merchandising front, we focused on driving customer traffic by increasing the number of coolers for perishable foods in many of our stores and adding tobacco products, among our ongoing efforts to optimize our merchandise offerings.
We continue to focus on attracting, developing and retaining talented employees. Led by a strong retail leadership team, over 100,000 talented and dedicated Dollar General employees are serving customers in their communities across the U.S. We are proud of the work they do and are pleased that in 2013, more than 60 percent of our store operations management positions were filled by internal candidates.
Our mission of Serving Others in our communities has always been an important element of our culture. In 2013, we partnered with our customers and vendors to raise more than $20 million for charities, including over $11 million for the Dollar General Literacy Foundation, which provides support to those who need help with their reading skills or learning English as a second language. Increasing literacy, and especially adult literacy, has been a high priority since our company’s founding.
As we continue to invest in our future, I am confident that we can successfully execute our 2014 plans and continue to deliver long-term sustainable growth. In order to do this, we must deliver on our promise of everyday low prices and convenience, the foundation for serving our customers. Our plans for 2014 include eliminating unnecessary work in our stores so we can spend more time serving our customers. We expect to open approximately 700 new stores in 2014 and will continue to relocate, remodel and refresh our stores to build our brand and enhance our customers’ shopping experience. I believe our focus on these goals in 2014 will strengthen our business, our competitive advantage and our ability to serve the needs of our customers.
Even as we celebrate our 75th anniversary in 2014, we are focused on the future and the high-return store growth opportunities ahead of us. We are looking forward to a rewarding year in 2014.
Thank you for your ongoing support of Dollar General,
Richard W. Dreiling
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer April 9, 2014
  