 CHAIRMAN’S LETTER
This has been a truly historic year for Quest Diagnostics Incorporated.
In the space of twelve months, we have launched a new company with a new name, a focused strategy, a clear mission and a compelling vision of our essential role in providing answers for health care: answers for patients, answers for partners, answers for
better health care decisions.
We are excited about Quest Diagnostics and the opportunities which it presents. The model for driving the successful turnaround of our company starts with our employees. Satisfied employees will yield satisfied customers, which in turn, will yield satisfied shareholders. We are creating a culture that focuses on our customers as our number one priority. We believe this is the fundamental way to create shareholder value.
    
 Last year at this time, we were Corning Clinical Laboratories and Corning Nichols Institute, units of Corning Incorporated’s health ser- vices businesses. In the spring of 1996, Corning’s Board of Directors decided to spin off our business and our sister operation, Corning Pharmaceutical Services, which has been renamed Covance Inc., as two separate, completely independent publicly-owned companies. We select- ed our new name: Quest Diagnostics Incorporated and each Corning shareholder received one share of Quest Diagnostics for every eight shares of Corning stock.
Today, Quest Diagnostics encompass- es almost 18,000 employee-owners who, in the words of our corporate vision, are “Dedicated people improv- ing the health of patients through unsurpassed diagnostic insights.” Last year we processed approximately 60 million requests from more than 75,000 customers for testing and analysis of human fluids and tissues. Quest Diagnostics covers the entire gamut of laboratory testing, all the way from the bedside to highly eso- teric specialized testing. At our 17 regional laboratories and 14 branch facilities across the U.S., the bulk of our activity is “routine” testing, including blood counts, Pap smears, pregnancy testing, cholesterol levels, AIDS-related tests, and substance abuse testing. In addition, our Nichols Institute is a leading provider of more complex “esoteric” testing, serving nearly a third of the nation’s hospitals, performing comprehensive
immunoassay, cytogenetics and mole- cular diagnostic testing.
With annual revenues of just over $1.6 billion, we are a leader in the independent laboratory testing indus- try. As we go about solidifying our leadership, we remain committed to the proposition that the patient comes first in everything we do. We carefully chose the name “Quest Diagnostics” to signify our dedication to the continuing pursuit of unex- celled quality in our core testing and our relentless search for new knowl- edge and medical insights. Our new name is closely linked with a new set of values to which our people aspire: Quality, Integrity, Innovation, Accountability, Collaboration, and Leadership.
The Spin-Off
In a business environment increasing- ly marked by tougher competition and intense price pressure from gov- ernment agencies and managed care systems, the spin-off from Corning offers the twin benefits of focus and flexibility. As an independent compa- ny operating in a turbulent industry, management is now in a stronger position to act swiftly and aggressively to meet the challenges and seize upon new opportunities.
Throughout the spin-off process, Corning lived up to its promise to launch our new company on solid financial footing. Corning, in essence, forgave more than $700 mil- lion of debt attributable to the labora- tory testing business. We worked
together to reach agreement with the Department of Justice to settle out- standing charges relating to the busi- ness practices of Damon Corporation that predated Corning’s acquisition of Damon in 1993. The charges were settled for $119 million, for which we were fully reimbursed by Corning.
We made great progress in resolving outstanding government legal issues prior to the spin-off, and Corning is committed to reimburse us for any settlement costs arising from the few outstanding identified governmental issues that remain.
In the course of the spin-off, our com- pany also took a $445 million write- down for goodwill, an accounting adjustment to value our laboratory assets at estimated fair market value rather than their amortized acquisi- tion price. This special charge has no impact on the company’s cash posi- tion or our overall financial strength.
1996 In Review
The past year was one of dramatic changes and significant progress.
After nearly a decade of unabated growth, the company experienced a period of near free-fall in 1994 and 1995. In 1996, we moved to stabilize the business. The decline has slowed, and we have stabilized; now at the midpoint of our turnaround, our goal is to increase profitability in the face of intense market pressure.
We froze acquisition activity. Following a period in which the com- pany had nearly doubled its size, we
2

 turned our attention to integrating our diverse operations.
We implemented a “Focus” process that identified critical success factors and began putting into place systems and processes marked by rigorous attention to quality management.
We renewed our commitment to
full compliance with all regulatory requirements, and the Department of Health and Human Services cited our corporate compliance program as “a model for the industry.”
We launched a major assault on our historic problem of bad debt expense, which stems from a combination of non-standardized billing practices and increasingly complex payor require- ments. For the year, our bad debt expense averaged 6.9% of sales, down from 9.4% in 1995. While we have made significant progress, much work remains in order to meet our goal of reducing bad debt expense to 4% of sales by 2000.
We began to develop a systematic process for weeding out unprofitable accounts, disciplining ourselves to begin terminating high volume con- tracts that fail to provide a sufficient return for the services we provide.
We intensified our emphasis on inno- vation, developing more than 120 new test assays in our research and development facilities at Nichols Institute.
We developed a clear, three-pronged strategy:
• To be the best supplier of the high- est quality and lowest cost diagnostic testing, information and services;
• To be the preferred partner with large buyers of health care services; and
• To be the leading innovator for diagnostic testing, information and services.
Each component of the strategy is described in detail later in this report.
We undertook a strategic review of our business, market by market. We believe that health care remains pri- marily a regional business. In ten of our seventeen regions we are the mar- ket leader. We determined that in those regions where we are not a strong competitor, we will act aggres- sively to fix our operations, dispose
of them, or seek creative ways to secure competitive leadership.
We installed a strong management team, combining experienced Corning executives with seasoned veterans from other health care companies.
We restructured the organization of our company for the first time in more than ten years to align our operations with our new strategy and assigned clear accountability for meet- ing the objectives essential to the suc- cess of the strategy.
We accomplished all of this, and at the same time, took our company public.
Looking Ahead
We began 1997 with the installation
of our new Board of Directors, an experienced and diverse group of out- standing leaders from the worlds of business, technology, and goverment.
Our primary goal in the new year is to pursue the “highest quality and lowest cost” component of our strategy through standardization of business processes and information technology, including company-wide implementa- tion of best practices that already exist inside Quest Diagnostics. To scale the opportunity, the approximate average cost of processing each requisition ranged last year from $17 at our most efficient lab to a high of $30. Our goal is to reduce our current average cost per requisition of approximately $25 by about $3 by the year 2000.
The potential payoff is substantial. Each $1 we shave from the average cost produces approximately $60 mil- lion in operating profit.
We are standardizing our approach to managing our customer accounts, striving to better align our pricing with the value of the services we pro- vide. Historically, our industry, and our company believed that incremen- tal volume, at virtually any price, would generate good returns. Reality has taught us an important lesson in this regard.
3

  At the same time, we are moving aggressively to team up with strong partners in selected regions across the country. An early example is the developing relationship with the world-renowned University of Pittsburgh Medical Center to explore close collaboration in four areas: lab testing, anatomic pathology, molecu- lar diagnostic testing, and medical information systems. Similar relation- ships are in varying stages of develop- ment in other markets.
Finally, we see promising develop- ments in the area of scientific innova- tion. We have just received U.S. Food and Drug Administration approval for the Nichols AdvantageTM system, a state-of-the-art automated medical testing analyzer that will be shipped to customers starting later this year. And, we see significant opportunities at Quest Informatics, a business that draws upon our rich store of medical data to create medical knowledge essential for more effective disease management.
Our Challenges
Our challenges are clear: to stan- dardize the operations, processes and systems of our multitude of laboratory facilities and support services; to con- vert unprofitable customer accounts into profitable ones by better match- ing our prices and the services we
(front)
Kenneth W. Freeman,
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer;
(back left to right)
Dr. Gregory C. Critchfield,
Senior Vice President and Chief Medical and Science Officer;
Don M. Hardison Jr.,
Senior Vice President Sales and Marketing;
Douglas M. VanOort,
Senior Vice President Operations.
provide each client; to focus our busi- ness on markets where we are -- or can become -- the market leader; and to reestablish our role as the indus- try’s leading innovator.
We have stabilized our business. In 1997 we expect to maintain marginal profitability. Going forward, as the benefits of our current efforts across Quest Diagnostics begin translating into results, we anticipate accelerated earnings growth.
None of this will be easy. Many of our efforts have just begun, and we fully understand the considerable obstacles that lie before us. Nevertheless, we
look to the future with pride in our accomplishments, confidence in the capabilities of our people, and excite- ment about the opportunities that lie within our grasp.
We hope you will join us in the turn- around of Quest Diagnostics!
Kenneth W. Freeman Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 4
