2008 annual report

01

To Our Shareholders, Employees and Customers:

Surya N. Mohapatra, Ph.D.

2008 was a year of solid performance, and our business is healthy and growing. Despite the economic environment, we generated strong revenues and earnings, and we expect continued growth in 2009.
Today, Quest Diagnostics is the clear leader in an attractive industry that provides an essential healthcare service-- diagnostic testing. We are differentiating ourselves from our competitors by implementing a strategy that emphasizes providing superior service to our patients; making continuous improvements in quality by applying Lean Six Sigma principles; prudently investing to drive science and innovation; and relentlessly focusing on building an unparalleled set of assets and capabilities. While no company is immune to the effects of the worldwide economic downturn, we believe the opportunities before us far outweigh the challenges. Our company is strong operationally and financially. We are bifocal in our approach--doing what is right in the short term and reshaping our business to position us well for long-term success. to increase in all three of our key service offerings--routine testing, esoteric and gene-based testing, and anatomic pathology. In our two businesses that have been most affected by a slowing economy--pre-employment drug testing and risk assessment of candidates for life insurance-- we are taking actions to mitigate their impact to NET REVENUES our earnings growth, and also to position them for ($ in billions) accelerating growth when the economy rebounds. In addition, higher earnings were also driven by a company-wide initiative we launched more than two years ago to reshape, remake and re-energize our company. This program is well underway and is focused on streamlining and simplifying processes to make us even more effective, while also improving efficiency and reducing costs. To date, this initiative, focused on driving continuous improvement, has removed more than $300 million from our cost structure. By the end of 2009, we will have reduced our cost structure by $500 million.
$6.7 $7.2

Strong Financial Performance
We reported outstanding financial results for 2008. · Revenues grew 8% to $7.2 billion. · Earnings per share increased 14% to $3.23. · O perating income increased to $1.2 billion, or 16.9% of revenues. · Cash flow exceeded $1 billion. We exceeded our commitment for earnings in 2008, despite the challenging economic environment. One important driver of this earnings improvement was the growth of our business. Demand for diagnostic testing has continued

Positioned for Continued Growth

'04 '05 '06 '07 '08

At a time of economic uncertainty, Quest Diagnostics is financially strong and positioned well for continued growth. We are executing our strategic plan and see opportunities to further strengthen our competitive position during these challenging times for the following reasons: ·D  iagnostic testing is an essential medical service, and is becoming increasingly recognized for being as critical to

$5.1

$5.5

$6.3

quest diagnostics

02

testing is the cornerstone of improving medical outcomes for patients.
diagnostic

wellness and prevention as it is to diagnosing, treating and monitoring disease. We are the undisputed industry leader. · T he demographics of the growing and aging population are positive for our industry and our company. As people age, they require more testing, and we are seeing an increase in the number of tests ordered for each patient. · We have unique assets and capabilities that enable us to better serve patients, physicians and other customers.

contribute to cancer become more prevalent in the population. In 2004, worldwide, 7.4 million people died from cancer. The World Health Organization predicts that, without new approaches, the number of cancer deaths will more than double to 17 million by 2030, when more than 26 million people will be living with cancer.

Today, we are the leading cancer diagnostics company, and perform more cancer tests than anyone else. We have a · O ur strong financial condition, cash flow and tremendous opportunity to build on this powerful position. investment grade credit rating provide us the Physicians treating cancer patients need a combination of f lexibility toEARNINGS take advantage of growth anatomic pathology services and molecular testing, as well as OPER ATING INCOME PER routine testing. Our medical and scientific team comprises ($ in millions) opportunities. DILUTED SHARE* 7.5000 1250 approximately 800 M.D.s and 100 Ph.D.s who review patient · T he advent of personalized medicine enables results, consult with treating physicians and develop new tests. 6.5625 targeted diagnostic tests to help doctors make 1000 more informed therapy decisions and monitor 5.6250 The cornerstone of improving outcomes for cancer patients the effectiveness of treatment. The pace of inno- is diagnostics. Diagnostics is an essential tool to monitor vation in this important area is accelerating, 4.6875 well-being and detect disease early,750 and it is beginning to with the frequent discovery of new biomarkers, personalize some treatment decisions. 3.7500 particularly for cancer, that are the basis for new We offer a comprehensive range of500 cancer tests that diagtargeted tests. 2.8125 nose disease, identify a patient's predisposition to disease, · T he U.S. government's emerging healthcare help doctors select the right therapy or assess the risk of 1.8750 plan calls for expanding access to screening tests disease recurrence. 250 for wellness and early detection of disease. 0.9375 Some diagnostic tests can even reduce pain for patients. · E mployers are recognizing the value of early Our LeumetaTM family of tests detects 0various signs of leuke0.0000 detection and wellness when it comes to keeping '04 '05 '06 '07 '08 '07 '08 '04 '05 '06 mia and lymphoma in a simple blood sample--without the their employees healthy and productive, as well need for painful bone marrow biopsies. as limiting their healthcare spending. · Diagnostic testing is a large and still fragmented industry. We One of our key opportunities is the growing need for new diagnostic tests. We are accelerating our development efforts have only 15% of the market, leaving plenty of room to grow. to more rapidly turn advances in basic research into benefits for patients. For example, we see opportunities to introduce The Power of Early Detection of Cancer Around the world, cancer will take an increasing toll as many new tests to detect ovarian cancer, which has proven difficult populations extend their lifespans and risk factors that to detect early, and we have several new diagnostic tests in
$1,222 $1,128 $3.23 $1,008 $1,091 $3.14 $2.79 $2.84 $881 $2.32

3.5

3.0

2.5

2.0

1.5

1.0

0.5

0.0

2008 annual report

03

Our collaboration with GoogleTM Health empowers patients to learn about the benefits of prevention and wellness and take control of their health.

development. We are also working on a blood test based on the Septin 9 methylation marker to detect and monitor progression of colorectal cancer. Perhaps the greatest opportunity to improve health outcomes involves testing that personalizes medicine. Rapid development of "companion diagnostics" that can identify patients who are candidates for specific drugs will improve outcomes and reduce costs. We are currently developing diagnostic tests that identify patients who will respond to a specific therapy. For example, our test for the gene polymorphism UGT1A1 can help identify patients with metastatic colon cancer who are likely to have adverse reactions from a first-line form of chemotherapy.

results and other health information in their personal health record. We also enable consumers to buy a limited menu of tests, directly for themselves, to monitor their health and wellness.

A Revolution in Healthcare IT
As our nation looks to reform our healthcare system by improving outcomes and reducing costs, expanding the use of healthcare information technology will be critical. Many physicians keep patient records, including lab test results, in manila file folders. Slowly but surely, much of that information is going digital. However, it is often being stored in discrete, "closed" computer systems and is not easily shared with other doctors or hospitals. Additionally, over 80% of physicians are in practices with fewer than 10 physicians, and they tend to adopt electronic solutions more slowly. They need solutions like our Care360TM patient-centric physician portal that are lower cost, fit within their workflow, require minimal effort to get up and running and won't disrupt their practice environments. Today, more than 140,000 physicians use our Care360 suite of connectivity solutions to order lab tests, prescribe drugs and share clinical information with other healthcare providers quickly and securely. By the end of 2008, the number of drug prescriptions ordered through Care360 more than doubled to an annual rate of 4.5 million. Because Care360 is interoperable and is used by physicians thousands of times each day, it represents a vital part of the national healthcare information infrastructure. We believe the best approach to spur rapid adoption of electronic medical records must include solutions like Care360.

The Power of Prevention
Understanding one's health profile and making behavioral changes based on that data can have a positive impact on personal health and reduce healthcare costs. Employers, governments and health plans are providing incentives for people to adopt healthier lifestyles and also undergo regular screening and health risk assessment. Quest Diagnostics is playing a major role in this movement. One important way that we help employers create healthier workplaces is through our Blueprint for WellnessTM risk assessment program. This provides individuals with a comprehensive health risk report, including laboratory test results. The employees of Domino's Pizza, the Houston Independent School District, Turner Construction Company and other large employers benefit from this wellness service. Another way that we can empower patients to take control of their health is through our collaboration with GoogleTM Health. As the only laboratory partner of Google Health, we make it easy and convenient for people to manage their lab

quest diagnostics

04

Committed to putting in all that we do.

patients first

Our business is changing and diversifying. Today, gene-based, esoteric and anatomic pathology testing accounts for 36% of revenues compared to just 19% eight years ago.
Our healthcare IT subsidiary, MedPlus®, has particular expertise in providing technology that helps to connect physician practices and other healthcare providers. MedPlus technology is at the heart of the emerging North American digital healthcare infrastructure, and is a key part of public health information exchanges in California, EARNINGS PER New York, British Columbia and New Mexico. DILUTED SHARE* 7.5000 Health information exchanges facilitate 1250 the transfer of approved patient information among 6.5625 healthcare providers to improve decision making 1000 and outcomes, and reduce costs. 5.6250
$3.14 $2.79 $2.84 $3.23 $2.32
4.6875 New Markets, New Geographies 750

platform, which assists in the diagnosis of infection, and are awaiting its CLIA waiver in the U.S. In Ireland, through a national contract to perform cervical cancer screening, we helped reduce "anxiety time"--the amount of time women have had to wait to receive their Pap test results--from six months to two weeks.
3.5 During 2008, we began offering services and products in the growing market in India. We see significant opportunities 3.0 for us to strengthen the delivery of healthcare services in India utilizing our quality diagnostics and technology expertise. 2.5

Patients, Growth, People

'04 '05 '06 '07 '08 * from continuing operations 

Our business is changing and diversifying. As 3.7500 recently as eight years ago, routine testing, which 500 includes complete blood counts and cholesterol 2.8125 tests, accounted for three quarters of our revenues. Today,1.8750 it is just over half. In contrast, faster growing, 250 higher0.9375 value, gene-based, esoteric and anatomic pathology testing has increased to 36% of revenues 0.0000 over that period. 0 from 19%

Our company is strong and growing. We have a successful strategy with a focus on Patients, Growth and People that 1.5 continues to provide us with a clear roadmap for the future. Our 43,000 dedicated employees are committed to putting 1.0 patients first in all that we do. It is because of their hard work that we are well prepared to take on the challenges 0.5 before us and further differentiate our company. Thank you for your continued support and confidence. Take care,
0.0

2.0

We are expanding into new markets and geographies for longer term growth. Testing is moving closer to the patient. Our point-of-care testing business is growing, and we continue to introduce new products. We launched in the U.S. our HemoCue® CLIA-waived microalbumin point-of-care test, which is used to detect kidney failure. We also introduced in Europe a white blood cell testing

Surya N. Mohapatra, Ph.D. Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

