  CHAIRMANÍS LETTER
 For Quest Diagnostics, 1997 marked another step forward in our continuing turnaround.
Our advances came against the background of an industry in turmoil. Faster than anyone predicted, powerful trends are transforming the laboratory testing business. Ongoing consolidation throughout the health care industry is leading thousands of physicians „ the traditional bedrock of our customer base „ to sell their practices to hospitals and health networks eager to take on their lab work. Simultaneously, more restrictive government regulations regarding requisitions and reimbursements are pressuring health care providers to further reduce test utilization. The result has been intensified competition for declining volume.
Despite these challenges, including a 7.3% decline in testing volume, we had stable operating earnings. Indeed, in the fourth quarter, excluding special charges, we achieved year-over-year operations improvement for the first time in two years. Perhaps even more critically, we generated more than $175 million in cash from operations during 1997 as a result of our renewed focus on managing the fundamentals of the business.
Our progress in this fluid environment flows from an unwavering commitment to our vision and strategic objectives. That commitment is played out each day by Quest DiagnosticsÍ employees, people who understand that everything they do directly influences critical health care decisions involving millions of patients across the country. Our employees are dedicated to providing outstanding value for all of our customers: millions of patients, tens of thousands of physicians, and thousands of other health care providers and payors. We firmly believe that satisfied employees play an essential role in developing and sustaining satisfied customers, and that in the end, satisfied customers yield satisfied shareholders.
Performance Summary
Quest Diagnostics reported a loss of $22.3 million for the fiscal year ending December 31, 1997. However, excluding the impact of special consolidation-related charges, we had net income of $17.6 million and earnings per share of $0.60 in 1997 on revenues of $1.5 billion. Along with the year-over-year operations improvement, there were other key indicators of our continuing turnaround:
 2

 ´ Despite declining volume, we raised average prices for the first time in five years. Indeed, a portion of the volume decrease resulted from a disciplined approach to pricing in the face of severe market pressure.
´ We continued to strengthen our balance sheet by reducing accounts receivable balances and increasing cash. The number of days sales outstanding, a key measure of billing and collection efficiency, improved to 63 days by the end of the year, compared to 73 days at the beginning.
´ Ongoing efforts toward standardization, operational improvements and actions involving underperforming facilities yielded cost reductions of more than $76 million, $45 million of which reflects permanent improvements in our clinical laboratory cost structure toward the stated goal of $180 million in reductions by the year 2000.
We achieved these results by focusing on our strategic goals: improving quality while controlling costs; seeking new growth opportunities; and restoring an emphasis on innovation.
Controlling Costs and Enhancing Quality
In early 1997, we initiated a market-by-market analysis of operations, and committed to decide by this yearÍs end the appropriate course of action for each underperforming facility.
That portion of the process is nearly complete. All but one of our unprofitable labs have either been restored to profitability, scheduled for downsizing and consolidation with other more profitable regional labs, or combined in a strategic alliance.
Beyond the anticipated savings, these actions address a broader strategic issue. Despite the fact that Quest Diagnostics is one of the ñbig threeî national testing companies, the industry remains one in which most customer interaction occurs at a local or regional level. We believe we can maintain a national presence offering high quality service without having a laboratory in every market. In part, reductions in lab capacity help us shift away from the ñbricks and mortarî notion of the business toward the model of an information and services provider.
Another major initiative involves standardization. This leads to more efficient operations, lower costs and higher quality. Moreover, our goal of partnering with regional and national health care providers requires standardized business processes and customer interfaces.
In particular, we have moved aggressively to standardize the management of the information technology function. As we shift our emphasis toward becoming a leading source of medical information, we must develop best-in-class information technology capabilities. Accordingly, we hired a seasoned Chief Information Officer who assumed overall responsibility for all information technology activities as of November, 1997.
We achieved these results
by focusing on our strategic goals: improving quality while controlling costs; seeking new growth opportunities; and restoring an emphasis on innovation.
   3

 Managing costs is only part of the solution; clearly, no company can shrink its way to greatness. Throughout the year, positioning the company for future growth remained a top priority.
 We remain committed to managing costs while, at the same time, enhancing the quality of the services provided. Quality improvement leads to lower costs by reducing rework and errors. Our Quality Management System for evaluating the quality of work within each unit documented significant improvement over the course of the year.
Growing the Business
Managing costs is only part of the solution; clearly, no company can shrink its way to greatness. Throughout the year, positioning the company for future growth remained a top priority.
We aggressively pursued a variety of strategic alliances with leading health care providers. In Arizona, for instance, we joined with Samaritan Health Systems in a new joint venture, Sonora Quest Laboratories, that combines our respective lab operations into a single entity that is a strong leader in a vibrant market.
We are accelerating our efforts, pursuing a wide range of initiatives that we expect will significantly expand growth opportunities and dramatically extend our customer reach.
In order to strengthen focus and accountability, we restructured the sales and marketing organization in the fall, dividing it into two functions. One is responsible exclusively for extending into new areas with significant growth potential, such as large networks and regional health care providers, while the other concentrates on traditional customers.
Finally, in line with our stated interest in small, strategically significant acquisitions, we acquired the clinical laboratory assets of Diagnostic Medical Laboratory, a small company with many
facilities throughout Connecticut. The acquisition of DML strengthened our market position while eliminating duplicate operations.
Innovation
We continue to pursue our third strategic objective, leadership in innovation.
Quest Informatics, which turns laboratory testing data into valuable information, began winning important contracts with major pharmaceutical firms and managed care organizations eager to tap into its database of diagnostic insights. Quest InformaticsÍ unique application of data mining technology was recognized in 1997 with a prestigious Computerworld Smithsonian Award for visionary use of information technology in the field of medicine.
We also made progress in 1997 toward our goal of developing a world-class capability in the exciting field of molecular testing. The past decade has brought dramatic breakthroughs in the
     4

biomedical sciences, as researchers have found new ways of measuring genes to determine patientsÍ predisposition to diseases, monitor treatment and prescribe drugs. At Quest Diagnostics, we strive to take medical discoveries and make them available to our customers in clinically useful ways that will aid medical decision-making and the delivery of health care. We anticipate that in the coming years, great progress will be made in the areas of molecular diagnostics for infectious diseases, oncology and genetics.
To that end, we have taken significant steps on several fronts. World-renowned leaders in the field are helping us develop this important part of the business. We are investing resources, capital and expertise in our applied genomics program, which converts medical research into clinical tests and information. And we have established partnerships with leading biotechnologists and academic centers to provide our scientists with access to leading edge discoveries as they occur.
The Outlook for 1998
Given the challenges we faced in 1997, what can we expect from the business environment in 1998? We will continue to face challenges, but we look forward to making more progress in our drive to become a leading provider of essential health care information and services.
To be sure, we anticipate intense competition and volume pressure to continue. We have been preparing for months to address the impact of new government-imposed requisition guidelines, using new American Medical Association test codes, which will further discourage test ordering.
The good news, from an industry perspective, is that the government appears to be leveling the regulatory playing field. Historically, the large, independent labs have been subjected to more stringent regulation than hospitals and smaller labs. More equitable treatment can only help us.
Still, the persistence of these trends in the marketplace underscores the importance of accelerating the progress we made in 1997.
We will stay focused on generating cash in order to remain financially flexible. We will closely monitor business trends and take appropriate steps to match capacity with volume. We will continue to exit relationships with customers who are unwilling to compensate us fairly for the services we provide.
Standardization will remain a critical objective as we speed our evolution from a network of semi-autonomous businesses to a single enterprise with centralized direction and standardized processes, practices and offerings. We will continue to build information technology capabilities, including, like all companies, appropriate preparations for the Year 2000.
    5
The persistence of these trends in the marketplace underscores the importance of accelerating the progress we made in 1997.
 
History teaches us that periods of great turmoil also hold the promise of extraordinary opportunity. The challenges we face today are considerable; but they pale in comparison with the opportunities that await us tomorrow.
 The restructured commercial organization will step up efforts to partner with leading buyers of testing information as we strive to push top-line and bottom-line growth. We will continue to selectively pursue small strategic acquisitions.
We have high hopes for informatics and molecular diagnostics, particularly as we build collaborations with other major players. In contrast with some competitors, which are owned in varying degrees by large pharmaceutical firms, our independence is a source of advantage that allows us greater freedom in choosing partners in this fast-growing field. As phenomenal as the progress in this area has been over the past decade, we fully believe the advances in the next ten years will be even more breathtaking. The steps we are taking now will position us to remain a national leader.
Summary
History teaches us that periods of great turmoil also hold the promise of extraordinary opportunity. The challenges we face today are considerable; but they pale in comparison with the opportunities that await us tomorrow.
With 10,000 Baby Boomers turning age 50 every day, we foresee a steadily growing appetite for medical testing and information to help people participate in managing their own health care. New developments in both medicine and information technology will make it possible to provide health care professionals and patients with faster, more accurate and more sophisticated information at a time when demand for those services will reach unprecedented levels.
The challenging course we pursued in 1997, and which we will continue in 1998, will provide the financial stability, disciplined business processes and medical innovations to position us as the leading provider of diagnostic information and insights for customers and patients.
Kenneth W. Freeman
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
    6
