Chairman’s Letter
4
By most measures, 1998 was a year
in which your company made solid progress. Even as we met the challenges of growing competition and declining clinical testing volume, we generated strong cash flow, extended our strategic partnerships in new and innovative ways, aggressively managed costs, and made significant progress toward achieving our goal of becoming a unified, customer-driven company with
common systems, practices and values everywhere throughout the country.
At yearend, we were well positioned
to take a new strategic step to further improve our prospects.
Perhaps most important for long- term success, we reinforced in 1998 the commitment to our vision – “dedicated people improvingthehealth of patients through unsurpassed diagnostic insights” – by pledging ourselves to a set of ambitious and clearly quantifiable goals for instilling unsurpassed quality in every aspect of the business.
As the information included in
this report demonstrates, Quest Diagnostics has come a long, long way from the difficult years of the mid-1990s. Our turnaround is succeeding. We are committed to becoming the clear industry leader by providing our patients and customers with services and products of exceptional quality. In a business where the quality of what we do can literally mean the difference between life and death, we are absolutely convinced that consistent, unsurpassed quality will provide the ultimate competitive edge.
SBCL Acquisition
We announced an agreement as this report was going to press to acquire
the clinical laboratory business of SmithKline Beecham plc. Quest Diagnostics has agreed to purchase SmithKline Beecham Clinical Laboratories(SBCL)for approximately $1.3 billion in cash and stock. This important acquisition will enable us to provide a higher level of service for customers and patients in a cost- constrained environment, thereby increasing shareholder returns.
This transaction is highly strategic and timely. We are confident we have the discipline and the focus to ensure successful integration of the two companies. We are acquiring a company that in many ways mirrors our own business. Both companies have strong reputations as well- managed operations. We share a common commitment to quality, integrity and compliance, and are both dedicated to improving
patient health. Combining the two companies will improve the quality, convenience and accessibility of our services; accelerate innovation of new tests and information products; and enable continued reduction in our costs by sharing the best practices from each of our organizations. We expect to complete the transaction this summer, following shareholder approval and regulatory clearance. Upon completion, SmithKline Beecham plc will become our largest shareholder, owning approximately 29.5% of our shares.
Performance Summary
We are pleased to report that in 1998, Quest Diagnostics reported net income of $26.9 million, or $0.89 per diluted share, on revenues of $1.46 billion, versus 1997 net income, adjusted to exclude special charges, of $17.6 million, or $0.60 per share, on revenues of $1.53 billion.
As anticipated, requisition volume declined 7% from 1997, although the rate of decline did slow over
the course of the year. Given these conditions, we are particularly pleased with our ability to generate substantial amounts of cash. We ended the year with $203 million
of cash on hand, and generated $141 million in cash from operations. Strong cash generation reflects significant improvements in
our billing, collection and cost management processes.
There are many other indicators of financial strength in our
1998 performance:
In addition to repaying $33 million of scheduled bank debt, we prepaid an additional $20 million of debt ahead of schedule, while also buying back $13 million of our stock.
We remained firmly on track to meet the commitment made at the time of our spinoff from Corning Incorporated in early 1997 to reduce the cost of running our business by $180 million by the end of 2000. Through the end of 1998, we eliminated $100 million in costs unrelated to the decline in requisition volume, and we remain confident that we will meet our goal. These savings are allowing us to reinvest in our business to assure long term profitable growth.
We reduced bad debt expense from 7.4% of revenues in 1997 to 6.1% in 1998, steadily progressing toward our goal of 4% by the end of 2000. A major step was the conversion of our Teterboro facility to a new billing system, by far the largest and most successful conversion to date.

1995
 $177 million
 We saw average revenue per requisition increase for the second consecutive year, following five straight years of declines. Partly, this was a result
of replacing low-profit business with higher-profit business as we demon- strated our steadfast commitment to provide services only to those customers from whom we are properly compensated, even if that means a decline in volume.
We made substantial progress during 1998 toward addressing the Year 2000 computer-programming problem. Although substantial work remains, we are on track to complete the first phase on schedule midway through 1999, which will leave the second half of the year for testing and refine- ments. Consequently, we fully expect core systems to be Year 2000-ready before the end of the year. Our Year 2000 work has provided the added benefit of accelerating efforts to standardize billing and laboratory systems across the country.
Nevertheless, 1998 was not without disappointments. Our progress toward standardization of systems and practices was significant, but not as swift as we had hoped. Also, the joint venture in Arizona, Sonora Quest Laboratories, in which we hold a minority interest, encountered significant integration challenges that hindered its first year of operations. Also, Nichols Institute Diagnostics, our medical products subsidiary, encountered startup losses associated with the introduction of its state-of-the-art Nichols Advantage instrument.
Finally, the decline in the volume of test requisitions was disappointing. Admittedly, the rate of decline
slowed in the second half; moreover, of the 7% year-over-year decline in volume, about half was directly attributable to our own consolidation of facilities and to our decision to reduce unprofitable business. Still, we do not intend to shrink our
way to success, and we continue to pursue top line growth through the strategic acquisition of SBCL and the active development of new high growth businesses.
Strategic Partnerships
Your company intensified efforts to become the preferred partner with large buyers of health care services. We made important inroads within the highly competitive field of hospital testing, which accounts
for nearly 55% of the $30-plus billion market in clinical testing.
In part, our success comes from viewing traditional competitors
as potential partners, and providing ways we can profitably work together to reduce their lab testing costs while simultaneously improving quality.
Over time, we have come to realize there is no “one-size-fits-all” model of collaboration; each situation is unique and requires creative approaches, ranging from outsourcing routine testing to fully integrated joint ventures. Some of the partnerships successfully established in 1998 include:
Joint ventures with UPMC Health System in western Pennsylvania
and Unity Health in St. Louis, both leading hospital network and health care providers in their respective regions;
Partnerships through which we provide multiple clinical services to
Adjusted EBITDA*
1996
 $166 million
 1997
 $154 million
 1998
 $159 million
   1995
 $ 36 million $ 42 million
1996
  1997
 $162 million
 1998
 $203 million
  Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Year
Debt at End of Year
Bad Debt as Percentage of Net Revenues
*Adjusted EBITDA; excludes restructuring charge and other special charges
 1995
 $1,208 million
1996
 $ 536 million
 1997
 $ 515 million
 1998
 $ 465 million
   1995
 9.4%
1996
 6.9%
 1997
 7.4%
 1998
 6.1%
  5

6
the highly regarded hospitals of the Johns Hopkins Health System in Maryland and Sutter Health Systems in California. During the year we established or renewed long-term supply arrangements with more than 100 hospitals and hospital systems;
A long-term contract with Oxford Health Plans to manage a network of laboratory service providers, as well as provide lab services, for its 1.75 million members. We will provide network management services using QuestNet, an innovative new product developed during the past year; and
A partnership with Premier
Inc., a leading group purchasing organization for hospitals, through which Quest Diagnostics obtained an exclusive 10-year contract
to provide strategic services for Premier members and affiliates.
Historically, our primary avenue into the hospital testing market has been the highly specialized esoteric testing provided by our Nichols Institute. We are proud that in 1998 Nichols Institute became the first clinical laboratory in North America to receive ISO 9001 Certification. This internationally recognized standard of quality encompasses the management and document control systems for design, development and performance of diagnostic lab testing, information and services. Other Quest Diagnostics labs are pursuing certification, and we
are intent on replicating Nichols Institute’s success throughout our company. Indeed, that achievement helped set the tone for the company- wide emphasis on quality excellence that was reinvigorated in the fall
and will be our primary focus in the new year.
Our Quality Journey
We began “Our Quality Journey”
by establishing some exceptionally ambitious quality challenges that we fully intend to meet by the end of 2002. The only way we can achieve them is through a fundamentally different approach to doing business based on quality excellence – through education and training in the principles of quality management, through rigorous process discipline, and through performance-based compensation linked directly to our company-wide goals. Here is what we have set out to accomplish:
Improve Employee Satisfaction:
Our goal is to reduce voluntary employee turnover from almost 16%to10%in2000and7%by
the end of 2002. We estimate that voluntary turnover is costing our company at least $60 million each year in terms of recruitment, training and inefficient operations. Increased retention willhave a significant impact on the quality of our work and our success at managing expenses.
Improve Customer Satisfaction:
Each quarter, we survey our customers to determine their level of satisfaction with our service. For the past four years, our results have improved, but only marginally.
Using benchmarks and measures provided by outside specialists, we have set specific numerical goals for improvement for each of the next four years. The bottom line: Satisfactory is not acceptable. We intend to become the benchmark for quality in our industry.
Achieve Six Sigma Medical Quality:
The ultimate measure of our service to customers and clients is the accuracy of our medical test results and reports. Generally speaking, our industry has been comfortable with an accuracy rate above 90%. We have established
a new goal of Six Sigma– an accuracy rate of 99.99966% or only 3.4 errors per million – which approaches error- free testing and reporting. We fully intend to become the first in our industry to achieve this goal.
Deliver Bottom Line Growth:
Our goal is to more than double operating profit (EBITA) by 2002. That means we must continue
to remove costs while restoring profitable growth to the top line.
These four goals are interrelated. We must achieve the first three: increased employee satisfaction, greater customer satisfaction, and dramatically improved medical quality, to enable us to meet the financial goal.
To help us accelerate growth and improve organizational effectiveness, we made two senior-level appoint- ments in January. We added a distinguished health care industry veteran, Dr. Surya Mohapatra, as Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. In this new position, Surya, who comes to
us after nearly 18 years at Picker International, will be responsible for all facets of our core clinical laboratory testing business. In addition, Jim Chambers has accepted a new assignment as Senior Vice President and Chief Growth Officer. He will lead the integration of SBCL and Quest Diagnostics, while continuing to spearhead our efforts to grow beyond our traditional business.

Meeting the Challenges of 1999
The four quality challenges represent an ambitious agenda. We are fully committed to meeting these new challenges, while continuing to build on the initiatives that gained momentum in 1998.
During 1999:
• We will begin the process of bringing Quest Diagnostics and SBCL together;
• We will maintain and intensify our efforts to standardize practices, policies and priorities across the company;
• We will continue to manage costs aggressively;
• We will complete preparations to ensure our information technology systems are Year 2000-ready;
• Despite a difficult environment characterized by ever-changing government regulations and requirements, we remain committed to maintaining our status as the industry leader in compliance;
• We will maintain our focus on raising revenue per requisition by providing higher value to cost-sensitive customers in a highly fragmented, competitive environment;
• We will continue to seek out profitable partnerships with large buyers of health services as we pursue new growth opportunities to offset continuing declines in our traditional markets; and
• We will reestablish top line growth at Quest Diagnostics and continue strong cash generation.
In short, 1999 promises a year full of challenges for your company, but one in which we have the opportunity to move far beyond the solid record of accomplishments we have established during our first two years as a public company. We are convinced that our attention is focused on the right goals: providing quality services for our customers and patients, an exceptional working environment for our dedicated employees, and
a strong return on our shareholders’ investment. By maintaining an unswerving focus on these critical areas, we can look forward to reporting another year of strong performance improvement in the new year.
Kenneth W. Freeman
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 7
  