 to our ShAreholDerS:
2009 was a very successful year in which we grew our business, expanded our pipeline of innovation and improved the quality and efficiency of our operations, against a backdrop of challenging economic conditions. this completed a decade of significant growth for our company.
  Diagnostic testing is essential to quality healthcare and is playing an increasingly important role in improving outcomes and reducing overall healthcare costs. As the world’s leading provider of diagnostic testing, informa- tion and services, Quest Diagnostics is well positioned for continued growth in 2010 and beyond.
Strong 2009
FinAnciAl PerFormAnce
our company reported strong financial results for 2009 that met or exceeded all of our financial commitments. For the full year:
• We grew earnings per share 20% to $3.88;
• revenues increased about 3% to $7.5 billion; and • We generated $1 billion in cash from operations.
our strong financial condition, cash flow and invest- ment grade credit rating provide us the flexibility to take advantage of growth opportunities.
We are the clear leader in esoteric, gene-based and can- cer diagnostic testing. Since 2000, we have driven these tests from 19% of our revenues to 36% in 2009. Addi- tionally, in 2009 we had double digit revenue growth for both immunocAP® testing for allergy and asthma and our inSure® FitTM colorectal cancer screening test. We saw continued strong growth in Vitamin D testing using our advanced tandem mass spectrometry techniques, with revenue growth exceeding 50% year over year.
increasingly, physicians are ordering molecular tests in conjunction with tissue biopsies and other anatomic pathology work. We have the most complete offering in cancer diagnostics with the most extensive pathologist network and comprehensive menu of molecular tests.
   2000 REVENUE
2009 REVENUE
 Other 3%
Drugs of Abuse 4%
Routine 74%
Gene-based and Esoteric
Other 8%
Gene-based and Esoteric 20%
Anatomic Pathology 16%
       9% Drugs Anatomic of Abuse Pathology 2% 10%
Routine 54%
     TOTAL REVENUES: $3.4 BILLION
TOTAL REVENUES: $7.5 BILLION
Quest Diagnostics 2009 Annual report page 1
 
in response to the potential influenza h1n1 pandemic, we quickly developed and deployed the first commercial h1n1 test and test kit based on our new Simplexa test- ing platform. in granting us emergency use authoriza- tion, the u.S. Food and Drug Administration noted that our test would expand the nation’s capacity to perform quality testing for the h1n1 virus. this is a great exam- ple of how we are able to respond quickly to a public health need and help patients while driving growth.
continued progress in reducing our cost structure helped drive earnings growth. We exceeded the ambi- tious goal established in 2007 of removing more than $500 million from our cost structure by the end of 2009. We will not stop there. the capabilities we have developed in connection with these programs will con- tinue to improve the quality of our services and the effi- ciency of our operations.
FAVorAble inDuStry trenDS
the major trends continue to be favorable for long- term growth in diagnostic testing:
• the focus of healthcare is moving from treating sick patients to wellness, prevention and early detection of disease. increasingly, employers recognize that keep- ing their work force healthy can drive enhanced pro- ductivity and lower healthcare spending.
• the population is growing and aging, requiring more testing. We are seeing an increase in the number of tests ordered for each patient.
• technology is enabling testing to move closer to the
point of care, whether in the physician’s office or at the patient’s bedside. We see the point of care testing business as a future growth opportunity.
• increasingly, healthcare providers are adopting infor- mation technology solutions that enhance patient care and drive efficiencies in healthcare delivery. in addition, patients are beginning to use technology to manage their own health.
• the advent of personalized medicine and targeted diagnostic tests is increasingly helping doctors make more informed therapy decisions and monitor the effectiveness of treatment. the pace of innovation in this important area is accelerating, with the frequent discovery of new biomarkers, particularly for cancer, that are the basis for new targeted tests.
AccelerAting innoVAtion
We have been accelerating the pace of innovation by continuing to introduce new tests, healthcare it solu- tions, and services.
We are driven to develop new tests that meet critical patient needs, with a focus on cancer, cardiovascular disease and infectious diseases. As we enter a new decade, it is looking more and more like the “decade of diagnostics,” driven by the advent of personalized medicine. our scientific and medical team is uniquely positioned to help patients and their doctors improve health outcomes, often by enabling physicians to tailor treatment protocols based on the particular makeup of each patient. We had an impressive portfolio of accom- plishments in 2009.
     Quest Diagnostics 2009 Annual report page 2

 PerSonAlizing DiAgnoStic meDicine
• We co-developed oVA1TM with Vermillion. oVA1 is the first FDA-cleared blood test that can help physicians determine, prior to surgery, if a woman is at risk for a malignant ovarian mass. this test helps physicians refer women to the most appropriate surgeon, poten- tially driving improved outcomes. medicare has indi- cated it will cover this important test.
• We offer a full range of testing for colorectal cancer, from identifying a patient’s predisposition to disease to screening to determining therapy and monitoring treatment. our new egFr pathway test helps physi- cians identify patients who are believed to be unre- sponsive to anti-egFr therapies, such as erbitux® and Vectibix.®itisthefirstlaboratory-developedtestfrom a national commercial reference laboratory for com- prehensively identifying important genetic mutations in the KrAS, nrAS and brAF genes.
• We introduced the first saliva-based test that deter- mines whether a patient’s genetic makeup makes them a poor metabolizer of the anti-clotting drug Plavix®, which is one of the world’s largest pharmaceuticals by revenue. the FDA recently indicated that Plavix can be less effective in patients who do not metabolize the drug well, and our genetic test gives physicians crucial information to help personalize therapy decisions.
• our new hiV tropism test is helping physicians identify suitable patients for the latest class of hiV antiretroviral therapies and ensure those who are not suitable do not lose precious treatment time poten- tially better spent on a different drug. the hiV-1 coreceptor tropism test, which reports results in
approximately half the time of the nearest competing test, provides physicians with timely information so they may more quickly personalize therapy based on how the hiV virus infects cells in the individual patient.
in addition to developing new tests, our scientists also present original research that is helping to inform the future of diagnostic medicine. During 2009 we pre- sented groundbreaking papers on chronic myeloid leu- kemia, chronic lymphocytic leukemia, prostate cancer, Fragile X syndrome and cystic fibrosis.
We continue to innovate in service delivery as a way to differentiate ourselves from the competition. We introduced a number of service enhancements during 2009. For example, physician customers appreciate our specimen tracking capability, which enables us to locate specimens at any point during their journey
to our laboratory.
A leADer in
heAlthcAre inFormAtion
our industry-leading healthcare it solutions separate us from the competition and are improving patient safety and increasing efficiency for healthcare providers.
today more than 160,000 physicians use our care360TM suite of connectivity solutions to order lab tests, share clinical information with other healthcare providers quickly and securely, and prescribe drugs. We have been helping physicians adopt solutions that will meet the definition of “meaningful use,” so they can qualify for government incentives encouraging the increased use of technology in healthcare.
    Quest Diagnostics 2009 Annual report page 3

During 2009 we introduced several new services, includ- ing care360 mobile, which enables doctors to check test results and prescribe drugs electronically from their Apple® iPhoneTM or iPod touch®. over the course of the year, subscriptions to our ePrescribing solution more than doubled. As we exited the year, physicians were ordering prescriptions at a rate of more than 12 million drugs a year, nearly triple the rate at the end of 2008.
Small physician practices provide the vast majority of healthcare in the u.S. We are uniquely positioned to help small physician practices embrace the benefits of electronic connectivity. care360 is modular, designed with the needs of small-practice physicians in mind. Whether they are considering ePrescribing, mobility or our recently launched care360 ehr (electronic health record), physicians can adopt features at their own pace, without a large up-front capital cost or hav- ing to worry about changing their office work flow.
emPoWering PAtientS
to mAnAge their heAlth
We are also using our expertise in healthcare it to empower patients to take control of their health and manage their personal health information. We are working with leading patient-based web sites, including KeasTM, google health, and microsoft® healthVault, to enable people to manage their lab results and other health information in their personal health record.
For more than five years, we have encouraged our own employees to take control of their health through our healthyQuest employee wellness program, which provides our blueprint for WellnessTM health risk assess- ment and incentives to adopt healthier lifestyles. We are
proud that this and other initiatives have enabled us to receive the national business group on health’s “best employers for healthy lifestyles” Platinum recognition and the ceo roundtable on cancer’s ceo gold StandardTM accreditation.
PoSitioneD For Future groWth
As we go to press, congress has just passed healthcare reform. this will expand access to quality healthcare to millions and help Americans to focus more on wellness and prevention. We believe these changes are positive for the diagnostic testing industry.
We are the leader in our industry. this is a responsibil- ity we take very seriously. our 43,000 employees are focused on serving patients and finding new ways to improve health outcomes. their commitment, dedica- tion and creativity are the reasons i am confident about our future.
our employees are also the reason we were recognized for the third straight year by Fortune magazine as one of the World’s most Admired companies.
thank you for your continued support and confidence in Quest Diagnostics.
take care,
Surya n. mohapatra, Ph.D.
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Quest Diagnostics incorporated
      Quest Diagnostics 2009 Annual report page 4
