CHAIRMAN’S LETTER
 During 1999 we established Quest Diagnostics as the nation’s clear industry leader in diagnostic testing.
Through the acquisition of SmithKline Beecham Clinical Laboratories (SBCL), we took a major step to enhance our leadership position and growth prospects for the future. Building upon our solid performance in 1999, we begin the new century with powerful momentum and aggressive plans for expanding our core business and developing new growth opportunities.
Performance Summary
In 1999, net income excluding special items increased to $41.2 million, or $1.15
per diluted share, on revenues of $2.2 billion, compared to 1998 net income of $26.9 million, or $0.89 per diluted share, on revenues of $1.5 billion. After special items principally associated with the acquisition of SBCL, the company reported a net loss of $3.4 million, or $0.10 per diluted share.
As anticipated, 1999 was a year in which we started to record improvement in all of our key operating metrics. We showed modest revenue growth, increased operating margins and continued to generate substantial cash flow. Between the completion of the SBCL transaction in August and the end of the year, strong cash generation enabled us to repay more than $100 million in acquisition-related debt.
Many year-over-year comparisons are complicated by accounting items related
to the acquisition. However, when we compare the 1999 base business results with the prior year, the improvement is dramatic.
Our Strategy for Success
Looking ahead, we have embarked upon a three-phase business strategy. First, we intend to capitalize on our position in diagnostic testing. By any measure, we stand today as the leader in our core business. We are the only truly national provider of clinical testing services, serving all of the nation’s 50 largest metropolitan areas. We have the leading market share in clinical laboratory testing, anatomic pathology testing, esoteric testing, and testing for drugs of abuse, and we are building a strong position in clinical trials testing and medical information.
We see substantial opportunities for growth in our core business. Although we are the market leader, our share is only 8% of the total U.S. market. By providing unsurpassed quality, service and value, we believe we can capture increased market share.
  1

The second phase of our strategy is to become a leading provider of medical information. Keep in mind that more than 70% of all health care decisions and spending are impacted by lab testing results – and our company, which performs more than 250 million tests each year, maintains the world’s largest private database of these vital results. We are actively exploring ways to leverage this valuable asset to improve patient care through opportunities ranging from Internet-based health and informatics services to direct-to-consumer services, such as our new partnership with Caresoft, Inc. to provide lab results and testing information directly to consumers who request it over the Internet. Under the umbrella of Quest Diagnostics Ventures, we plan to significantly increase annual revenues in new, leading edge businesses over the next five years.
The third stage of our strategy is to become recognized as the undisputed quality leader in the health care services industry. We see an extraordinary opportunity for Quest Diagnostics to become the “Gold Standard” for quality, service and value in health care services.
Fundamental to each stage of our strategy is a renewed commitment to quality. In late 1999 much attention was focused on a significant report by the National Academy of Sciences’ Institute of Medicine, which documented tens of thousands of unnecessary deaths caused annually by hospital errors. We believe we have the opportunity — and the obligation — to lead health care services to a new level of quality. Late in 1999 we hired the Process Quality Leader of GE Capital’s Six Sigma effort to spearhead the Six Sigma initiative at Quest Diagnostics.
Integrating our Operations
The first step – both real and symbolic – in pursuing our strategy is to successfully complete the integration of Quest Diagnostics and SBCL. Thanks to careful planning and the active engagement of tireless teams of employees from both companies, the integration is progressing according to plan.
Our primary goal throughout the integration has been to realize the benefits from combining the two companies, while maintaining a consistently high level of service to our customers. We are on track thus far, and remain committed to this goal as the integration proceeds.
We created a new leadership structure for our new company, drawing upon the best talent of both Quest Diagnostics and SBCL to staff key positions across the business. We have steadfastly avoided any notion of “winners and losers,” seeking instead to capitalize upon the best each company had to offer in terms of people, processes and technologies.
We have begun the arduous process of consolidating redundant functions and facilities, which will ultimately result in a 5-10% reduction in staffing. We are not abandoning any geographic areas. Instead, we are reducing the excess capacity that has burdened both companies. The planned consolidations are consistent with our announced goal of realizing $100 million in net annual synergies over the next three to five years.
  2

Looking Ahead
Our objectives for the year ahead are clear. We must:
• Continue to meet our customers’ expectations as we integrate our two companies;
• Speed progress toward our goal of becoming the clear quality leader in health care services by incorporating Six Sigma quality processes throughout our business;
• Accelerate innovation and business development in areas with high growth and profit potential;
• Improve employee satisfaction by providing an exceptional work environment; and
• Stimulate profitable growth, including an annual increase of at least 30% in earnings per share over the next several years.
We are excited about the opportunities in the core business and new growth areas.
As the year ended, we began to plant the first seeds of our strategy to become a leading provider of medical information and harvest the value inherent in our powerful database of clinical results. We established relationships with several Internet providers and anticipate additional arrangements, which will allow us to further establish our brand identity and deliver value-added services directly to physicians, hospitals and consumers.
As always, the success of our efforts rests upon the energy and commitment of our employees. To each employee I offer personal thanks for all you have accomplished and endured during this year of historic and sometimes difficult change. It is your efforts that will make possible our continuing industry leadership in the years to come.
Kenneth W. Freeman
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  3
