Dear Fellow Shareholders:
Fiscal year 2008 was another challenging year for our company, D.R. Horton, Inc., as the difficult industry conditions we encountered in fiscal 2007 continued and intensified in fiscal 2008. The current downturn in the U.S. homebuilding industry is in its third year, and it has become one of the most severe housing recessions in U.S. history. The weakness in housing has dramatically impacted the financial sector and has spread to the broader economy. During 2008, the weakening economy has undergone various credit crises, sharp declines in stock market valuations, government interventions in the private sector, rising unemployment and weakening consumer confidence, resulting in the current U.S. economic recession. These broader factors have further impacted the U.S. housing market, which continues to experience high inventories of new and existing homes, intense price competition, reduced mortgage financing availability and increasing home foreclosures.
We have responded to these challenges by approaching our markets with realism. We have strengthened our financial position by reducing our inventory levels, building our cash balances and repaying debt to enable us to withstand this recession. Throughout the company, our employees have worked extremely hard to drive sales and cut operating costs. These efforts yielded the following results in fiscal 2008:
¥ $1.9 billion of positive cash flows generated from operations, which contributed to a year-end homebuilding cash balance of $1.4 billion;
¥ Over $600 million of consolidated debt reductions;
¥ $350 million of homebuilding SG&A expense reductions;
¥ A 46% reduction of our land and lot supply;
¥ A 38% reduction of our homes in inventory; and
¥ A year-end net homebuilding debt to total capital ratio of 43.6%.
These achievements have positioned us well for 2009 and beyond. We expect these difficult housing conditions to persist throughout fiscal 2009, and the broader economic recession will create further challenges for all homebuilders. Consequently, our focus will remain on maintaining our strong financial position by continuing to:
¥ Offer high quality, affordable homes at prices necessary to optimize the balance of sales volumes, returns and cash flows;
¥ Reduce our inventory of homes and owned lots;
¥ Significantly limit our capital outlays for land and lot acquisitions and development costs;
¥ Control our costs of construction;
¥ Reduce our SG&A costs based on our expectation of future home closings;
¥ Generate positive cash flows from operations;
¥ Maintain a strong cash balance; and
¥ Reduce our outstanding debt.
We expect that our actions will maintain our strong liquidity position and provide us with flexibility to weather this storm and then take advantage of profitable opportunities when they become available. Throughout this downturn and beyond, our goal is to continue to be a leader in the homebuilding industry in terms of operating profits and balance sheet strength.

We appreciate and thank our employees for their tremendous efforts this year. We also thank our suppliers and subcontractors, who are part of our extended D. R. Horton team. Our team of employees, suppliers and subcontractors are vital to our ability to navigate through the current trying business environment, and they are key to our future profitability and growth.
We also thank all D.R. Horton shareholders for your support and belief in the future of our company. Despite the current uncertain economic climate, we believe that our business and our stock valuation have long-term upside potential. Our belief is based on the long-term fundamentals that will support future
U.S. housing demand, as well as our strong competitive advantages, including our geographic diversity, low overhead cost structure, economies of scale, liquidity position and balance sheet strength. We will continue to meet the challenges presented by the marketplace and position ourselves to return to profitability.
Donald R. Horton
Chairman of the Board
               