Dear Fellow Shareholders:
Due to the tremendous efforts of our employees, D.R. Horton continued to outperform the homebuilding industry in fiscal 2011. For the 10th consecutive fiscal year, we closed more homes than any other
homebuilder in the United States. More importantly, we maintained profitability in fiscal 2011 despite difficult U.S. housing conditions, including the lingering effects of the expiration of the 2010 federal homebuyer tax credit which hurt new home demand and reduced our sales volumes in the first half of the year. In response, we intensified our sales efforts, reduced SG&A expenses and construction costs further and continued our ongoing reductions of debt and interest costs. As the year progressed, our home sales returned to a traditional seasonal pattern and increased in our 3rd and 4th quarters in comparison to the prior year. As a result, the value of our year-end sales order backlog is 22% higher than a year ago, which provides us a great opportunity to increase revenues and profitability in fiscal 2012.
Our results over the past two fiscal years demonstrate our progress toward rebuilding a sustainably profitable business model in an environment of weak housing demand. We closed about the same number of homes in fiscal 2011 that we closed in fiscal 2009. Over these same periods, our annual pre-tax income increased by $569 million. Of the increase, $172 million reflected direct improvements in our operational profitability, while the remainder resulted from the positive impact of lower inventory and mortgage loan charges. This significant improvement in profitability on essentially flat revenues is the result of our investments in new communities and inventory for first-time and move-up homebuyers, gross margin improvements, SG&A expense adjustments and reductions of outstanding debt and related interest expense.
Our company’s balance sheet and liquidity remain strong. We have $1.0 billion of homebuilding cash and marketable securities, even after paying off approximately $500 million of homebuilding debt during the year and $2.3 billion over the past three years. Our ratio of gross homebuilding debt to total capital is the lowest in our history at 37.7% and, net of cash and marketable securities, our ratio is 18.0%. We have a unique advantage in the homebuilding industry, as our national operating footprint, profitable operations and strong financial position provide us the flexibility to capitalize on accretive growth opportunities in specific local markets where housing conditions are stable or improving.
We expect overall U.S. housing conditions to remain challenging in fiscal 2012, with continuing high levels of home foreclosures and homes available for sale, along with stringent mortgage lending standards. We will continue to compete in this difficult market by offering high-quality new homes that provide great value to first-time and move-up homebuyers, helping our customers through their home purchase and financing processes and providing reliable product service after the sale. We will also continue to operate our business in a capital efficient manner by remaining disciplined in our land investments, controlling our inventory of
owned lots and homes in line with sales demand, and managing our construction, SG&A and interest costs tightly. Finally, we will continue to approach our business with realism by adjusting our strategies, tactics and products as necessary to remain competitive and profitable and maintain a strong balance sheet and liquidity position.
All of the progress we have made during this long housing recession is the result of the tireless efforts and sacrifices of our employees throughout our homebuilding and financial services businesses. We thank all of our employees for their dedication to our company, and for their work to improve our operations each day to build on our strong, profitable foundation and position our company for future growth. We also thank all of the suppliers, subcontractors and realtors that work with us across the nation for their partnership and support. We thank all D.R. Horton shareholders for your support and belief in the future of our company. We will continue to earn your trust by addressing future challenges head-on and by remaining a leader in the homebuilding industry.
Donald R. Horton
Chairman of the Board
               