   H. lawrence Culp, Jr.
President & Chief Executive Officer
Dear Shareholders,
2011 was another outstanding year for Danaher. We achieved a number of major financial milestones during the year:
> record revenues of $16.1 billion with core revenue growth of 7%.
> r&D spending exceeded $1 billion for the first time in Danaher’s history.
> Free cash flow of $2.4 billion with a free cash flow to net income conversion ratio of 124%, representing the 20th consecutive year in which free cash flow exceeded net income.
> Deployed a record $7.5 billion of capital to acquire 14 new companies, including Beckman Coulter, across all five operating segments.
> adjusted diluted earnings per share increased more than 28% to $2.83.
 danaher Financial operating highlights
(dollars in thousands except per share data and number of associates)
Sales* $16,090,540 operating profit* $ 2,617,226 net earnings* $ 1,935,287 earnings per share (diluted )* $ 2.77 operating Cash Flow* $ 2,732,036 Capital expenditures $ 334,471 Free Cash Flow (operating cash flow less capital expenditures)* $ 2,397,565 number of associates 59,000 total assets $29,949,447 total Debt $ 5,305,192 Stockholders’ equity $16,971,768 total Capitalization (total debt plus stockholders’ equity) $22,450,360 *from continuing operations
$ $ $ $ $ $
2,049,620 1 , 7 1 8 , 1 83 2.53 2,01 8,698 1 9 1 , 1 10 1,827,588
2011
2010
$12,550,033
        48,000 $22,217,130 $ 2,824,668 $13,772,766 $16,597,434
      
Building a Global Science
& Technology Company with DBS
Danaher has been deliberately and consistently evolving our portfolio of businesses for more than a decade. In 2001, we generated revenues of about $4 billion and approximately 50% of those revenues were derived from our strategic growth segments. Since then, we’ve quadrupled our revenues to more than $16 billion with more than 90% coming from our strategic growth segments. the quality of that growth is evident in many ways, including our gross margin, which a decade ago was less than 40% and today is in excess of 50%.
as we grow and evolve our portfolio, we aspire to continue to:
( 1 ) BuIlD great businesses;
( 2 ) create a gloBal company;
( 3 ) develop market-leading SCIenCe anD teCHnology for our customers; and ( 4 ) use the principles of DBS to help us achieve our goals.
    Building
For more than 25 years, Danaher
has earned a reputation for building strong businesses. organic investments, complemented by strategic acquisitions, have helped us to build a portfolio of businesses with leadership positions in each of the markets that we serve.
Investing in innovation is a critical part of how we build businesses. We spent more than $1 billion on research and development (r&D) initiatives in 2011 with the goal of bringing innovative new products to market quickly to serve customers’ needs. our customers benefited from a number of new product launches in 2011, including:
> Hach’s Dr3900 Spectrophotometer, which uses rFID technology to reduce manual data entry and improve sample tracking and data integrity in environmental water analysis.
> arbor networks’ pravail apS, the only enterprise data center product designed for mitigating Distributed Denial-of-Service (DDoS) attacks.
> our dental business’ three-in-one digital imaging system that combines 2D panoramics, cephalometrics and 3D imaging and provides scalable functionality to meet the clinical demands of our customers.
> Beckman Coulter’s au5800 series, which extends our reach in clinical chemistry analyzers to very high and ultra-high throughput customers.
> In 2011, tektronix launched the MDo4000, the world’s first Mixed Domain oscilloscope delivering the functionality of both an oscilloscope and a spectrum analyzer in a single instrument. the mixed-domain allows engineers to see time-correlated analog, digital and wireless signals at the same time, driving quantum gains in test productivity. the MDo4000 was named 2012 test product of the year by Test & Measurement World.
 Capital deployment via acquisitions complements what we do organically and further helps build strong businesses. In 2011, we deployed a record $7.5 billion of capital and significantly improved the Danaher portfolio with the acquisition of 14 new companies across all five operating segments. at the same time, we transitioned out of some of our legacy businesses that were no longer considered significant core growth opportunities for us.
 
 Global
the outstanding leadership positions
our businesses have built thus far are not sustainable over the next decade unless we also lead in the faster growing regions of the world. today, nearly 60% of Danaher’s revenues are generated outside the united States, with a quarter of all revenues derived from the emerging markets. We are working hard to further expand our global presence by investing in local talent, products and manufacturing capabilities:
> Beckman coulter is a leading supplier of in-vitro diagnostic systems, including instruments, consumables, software and service for the biomedical laboratory market. our clinical diagnostic systems are found in hospitals and other clinical settings around the world and deliver critical information to physicians to diagnose disease, make treatment decisions and monitor patient care. Scientists use our life science research instruments to study complex biological problems including causes of disease and potential new therapies or drugs.
More than 275,000 Beckman Coulter systems operate in both diagnostics and life sciences laboratories on six continents. For more than 75 years, our products have been making a difference in peoples’ lives by improving the productivity of medical professionals and scientists, supplying critical information for improving patient health and reducing the cost of care.
> our emerging market revenues grew more than 12% in 2011 compared to 2010.
> our China footprint increased more than fourfold to approximately $1.7 billion from 2007 to 2011.
> We have more than 1,200 engineers and scientists working in emerging markets.
> We made 10 in-country emerging market acquisitions over the last five years.
> We doubled our low-cost region sourcing to nearly 30% from 2005 to 2011.
as we look to continue to build a global presence, we are increasingly allocating resources to growing our r&D development centers, the largest of which is located in Shanghai, China and has more than 800 product development engineers working for 15 Danaher businesses. By bringing these resources together in one location, we are able to more quickly build scale in the region, which helps drive faster product development for both worldwide and local markets.
going forward, our success in these fast growing regions will depend on our ability to localize products, particularly at the opening and mid-price point range. Some of our businesses are already doing this quite well. For example, Videojet generates approximately 25% of equipment revenue from China localized products and has designed and produced three instruments in three years for the local markets. But all of our businesses can do more and we intend to capitalize on this opportunity in the coming years.
> In 2011, we acquired labindia, the distribution partner for aB SCIeX
and leica Microsystems in India. the acquisition gives us direct access to key pharmaceutical and Cro vertical markets and brings us closer to our healthcare customers in India. It also provides a strong foundation for a broad commercial footprint to accelerate market share gains in the region.
  
Science & Technology
over the last decade, Danaher has deliberately and consistently strived
to build a portfolio of businesses focused around science and technology. today, over 90% of our revenues are derived from scientific and technological businesses serving our five core markets.
We view the science and technology umbrella as a broad one, and there are a number of different places in the Danaher portfolio where our products are making a difference in people’s lives every day:
> > > >
>
Helping to purify the world’s water making it clean and safe for everyone to drink.
enabling researchers and clinicians to diagnose cancer and target new therapies for management of the disease.
reducing air pollution by capturing gasoline vapor emissions generated when filling a car with gas.
ensuring product safety and freshness by marking lot codes and “best if used by” dates on a wide variety of consumer products, foods, pharmaceuticals and packaging.
powering smart grid technologies and alternative energy sources.
> aB scieX is helping to keep the global food supply safe by enabling food testing laboratories around the world to test for contaminants and quickly identify the cause of tainted food. to protect consumers and adhere to strict u.S. food safety policies, aB SCIeX’s instruments recently were used to test orange juice exported from Brazil for the presence of the chemical fungicide Carbendazim.
tremendous amount of opportunity for growth across all
as our portfolio has evolved, so too has the Danaher Business System. yet, the core values and operating principles which are the foundation of DBS have remained constant. DBS is who we are and how we do what we do. We wouldn’t be where we are today without DBS. as we further build a global science and technology company, our commitment to DBS will remain steadfast as we see DBS as a major differentiator behind our performance.
Quality has always been at the forefront of our DBS priorities and we will continue to focus on delivering reliable, high quality products to our customers. We will also continue to enhance those elements of DBS that help us do a better job of dreaming about future innovations, developing those ideas into tangible new products and services and delivering them into the marketplace.
our talented team of more than 59,000 associates worldwide is committed to our vision of building a global science and technology company with DBS. We thank you for your continued support and confidence.
H. lawrence Culp, Jr.
President & Chief Executive Officer
March 19, 2012
 We like the diversity of our portfolio and see a
of our businesses, both organically and inorganically.
Danaher Business System
  