Dear Fellow Shareholder:Danaher performed well in 2008. Despite a global economic slowdownwhich accelerated through the second half of the year, our revenuesincreased 15% and our adjusted earnings per share grew 10.5%. Severalof our businesses were relatively unaffected by the slowing economy,while those closer to the gathering storm worked to increase market share.Throughout the year, we adjusted our cost structure in preparation for thedifficult days ahead while protecting our long-term growth investments.I was pleased with the way our team embraced the new operating realitieshead-on and delivered a strong performance in a softening environment.2008 Financial Highlights We delivered record revenues of $12.7 billion We exceeded $1.6 billion of free cash flow W e generated a free cash flow to net income conversion ratio of 126%, representing the 17th consecutiveyear in which free cash flow exceeded net income W e strengthened our balance sheet by paying down more than $1.1 billion of debt W e added 17 new companies and product lines, further strengthening our existing portfolioFocusThe theme of this year’s annual report is Focus. In both good and bad times, the Danaher Business System (DBS)helps us focus on the “critical few” opportunities and challenges fundamental to each of our businesses’ futureperformance and success. Our operating bias is to focus on a short to-do list, execute relentlessly and completelyand then move on, rather than appear to be advancing across a broad front with only modest results. Amidunprecedented economic uncertainty, strategic focus is even more critical and we can ill afford to waste a day on“B or C” priorities. Simply, it is this focus that helped us to deliver our 2008 performance and will be critical aswe seek to outperform in 2009 and beyond.
While each of our businesses has unique opportunities and challenges to address, across thecompany we have several “A” level priorities on which we are focused, including: Building and strengthening our business portfolio; Maintaining a strong financial position; and Developing and retaining the best team.Building BusinessesWe continue to focus our efforts on building and strengthening our business portfolio.At Radiometer, we aggressively have funded growth initiatives resulting in new products to meetthe growing demand for point-of-care applications to treat critically ill patients. Momentumcontinues to build for the AQT90 Flex, Radiometer’s entry point into the cardiac marker market,while demand for the new portable, cassette-based blood gas analyzer, the ABL80 Flex,is very encouraging.In 2008, Leica’s revenues surpassed the $1 billion mark, more than double its 2005 revenueperformance when we acquired the business. During the year, Leica completed five acquisitions,further strengthening its leading position in the life sciences market.During the year, we recognized the one-year anniversary of the largest acquisition in ourcompany’s history, Tektronix. The team has embraced DBS and the collaboration amongTektronix and Fluke associates is going extremely well. We are very pleased with the integrationactivities to date.Videojet introduced a new line of small character ink jet printers, the CIJ 1510 and 1210, whichare used in a wide variety of coding applications in the food, beverage and pharmaceuticalmarkets. Both printers provide customers with industry leading uptime and a more predictablemaintenance schedule.Our water quality businesses, Hach-Lange, TrojanUV and ChemTreat, grew at a high single digitrate in 2008, and we expect them to continue to outperform in their served markets. Our best-inclassproduct offerings combined with a world-class sales and service organization are expectedto help us take share in 2009.Strong Financial PositionWe need to look no further than the current news headlines to see the turmoil in the globalfinancial markets. Rest assured, Danaher remains on solid financial footing. Our debt to totalcapital ratio at the end of the year was 21%. Our conservative balance sheet supported by ourA+/A2 investment grade credit rating sets us apart from many of our competitors and positionsus well to capitalize on a growing number of investment opportunities.
The Best Team WinsI firmly believe Danaher’s single most important asset is our associates. Our talented leaders, manyof whom were with us during the last downturn, remain focused on taking advantage of thesedifficult economic times through strengthening customer relationships, out-hustling the competitionand ultimately gaining market share. “The Best Team Wins” is a core value of our company.Our success will depend upon our ability to continue to develop and retain this talented team.I thank them here for all they do for Danaher.Final ThoughtsOur crystal ball is no better than others. We harbor no illusions about the uncertainties ahead.Yet we remain confident in the view that times like these are not only full of challenges butopportunities as well. Customers will be looking for innovative solutions to new problemsbrought on by the economic downturn. Talented scientists, salespeople and managers will seekemployment with companies with strong cultures and stable balance sheets. Companies withproprietary technologies and/or leading brands will be available at more reasonable prices.The Danaher team, uniquely armed with DBS, is focused on seizing these opportunities whilewe manage the challenges of the current economic environment. As many of you know, weare committed to building a premier global enterprise and 2009 promises to be an unusuallyimportant year in our pursuit of that vision.Thank you for the continued confidence you have in us.H. Lawrence Culp, Jr.President and Chief Executive OfficerMarch 20, 2009