TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Danaher Corporation reports another year of record achievements. During 2000, our financial measures, again, reached new heights. Sales grew 18% to $3.78 billion. Net earnings and earn- ings per share, before the inclusion of one-time costs associated with the acquisition of the Hach Company in 1999, were up 19% and 20%, respectively, over the record performance achieved in 1999. In 2000, for the ninth consecutive year, Danaher reported record cash flow with free cash flow exceeding net earnings by 31%. Operating cash flow increased $95 million to a record $512 million. Our debt to total capital at year-end was 29%, after spending more than $700 million for cash acquisitions and a two mil- lion share buy-back. This excellent financial position provides flexibility to fund aggressive internal growth and to pursue strategic acquisitions, while retaining financial strength.
GROWTH Beyond our financial accomplishments, we have succeeded in repositioning our company for future growth and reduced cyclicality. Approximately half of our sales for the past year came from busi- nesses that were not part of our company three years ago. During the past few years, we have deliberately broadened our product offerings in higher growth, multi-billion dollar global markets. Today, we enjoy leading positions in three higher growth business platforms that were only part of our strategic plans as recently as three years ago. These new business areas – water quality, electronic test and measurement and precision motion control – position us well for future success and are discussed in more detail on Pages 6 through 11 in this report. This repositioning has allowed us to grow our Process/Environmental Controls business segment from 23% of sales in 1990 to 65% of sales in 2000. During 2000, our sales outside the U.S., including both exports and direct sales abroad, grew 25% to a record $1.2 billion or 32% of sales.
Our shift into these new markets has allowed us to achieve superior results even in adverse economic con- ditions. During 2000, we experienced a substantial slow-down in our Jacobs Vehicle Systems business, which now represents less than 4% of total sales. We also felt the impact of consumer sales slow-downs in several of our Tools and Components businesses during the fourth quarter. Despite these adversities, our core volume growth in 2000 exceeded 6%, nearly 8% before Jacobs Vehicle Systems and foreign curren- cy translation decreases, which approximated 1.5% of sales.
We remain focused on growth through share gains, international expansion, aggressive new product and service developments, e-commerce initiatives and acquisitions. During 2000, we completed three signif- icant acquisitions: American Precision Industries, Kollmorgen Corporation and the motion control business of Warner Electric Company. Each of these companies fit in our Process/Environmental Controls Business Segment and strengthens our leadership position in the precision motion control market.
2 DANAHER CORPORATION
WE HAVE SUCCEEDED IN REPOSITIONING OUR COMPANY FOR FUTURE GROWTH AND REDUCED CYCLICALITY

   GEORGE M. SHERMAN
PRESIDENT AND
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
OPERATING PHILOSOPHY Once again, the improved performance we achieved in 2000 was due in large part to the management process we refer to as the Danaher Business System (DBS). The system represents a team effort that focuses our worldwide associates on common goals and objectives – the relentless pur- suit of customer satisfaction by meeting or exceeding their expectations. We continue to look beyond our immediate competition by setting expectations for quality, customer service and cost at stretch levels – world class standards. This unique culture permeates our organization, as DBS provides the tools and methodology to outperform competition by a large margin and will continue to provide us with a long- term competitive advantage.
ORGANIZATIONAL DEVELOPMENT When I joined Danaher eleven years ago, sales totaled less than $750 million, and the company sold a fragmented assortment of products. We set our objectives: to achieve above average growth with reduced cyclicality, to produce top quartile financial performance and to improve shareholder value. Over the next decade, we achieved these goals as we evolved Danaher into a global corporation with leading positions in higher growth multi-billion dollar markets. Over the last ten years, our sales and earnings per share have grown, respectively, at a 15% and 21% compounded annual growth rate. Our shareholders have been rewarded, as Danaher stock has appreciated over the past ten years at a 33% compounded annual growth rate. An investment of $100 in Danaher stock on December 31, 1990, with dividends reinvested was worth $1,739 on December 31, 2000, as compared to $499 for a comparable investment in the S&P500.
While we were developing a stronger business mix and a clearly articulated operating philosophy and culture around our powerful DBS system, we also grew our organizational capability. Shortly after I arrived at Danaher in 1990, my first hire was H. Lawrence (Larry) Culp, Jr., a talented individual who has been a major contributor to the successes we have reported. Larry has demonstrated both the leadership and vision needed to deliver outstanding results. He has the ability to develop winning strategies and to build strong organizations, and he is committed to the Danaher Business System. In recognition of his achievements, Larry was named Chief Operating Officer last summer, and he will become the President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors at the Annual Meeting in May 2001 when I will retire.
Larry is supported by an able and proven team of individuals, beginning with our Executive Vice Presidents, Patrick W. Allender, Philip W. Knisely and Steven E. Simms. Larry, Pat, Phil and Steve will con- stitute the Office of the Chief Executive upon my retirement in May. This group has delivered excellent results over time and they will lead an organization deep in managerial strength spread throughout the company across business lines and geographical areas.
DANAHER CORPORATION 3

OUTLOOK Clearly, the manufacturing sector in the United States experienced a softening economy dur- ing the last quarter of 2000. Danaher was not immune; however, we had repositioned our company to provide for growth and reduced our costs accordingly. The U.S. economy entering 2001 is exhibiting a continuation of the softness experienced late last year. The repositioning of our company to higher growth global markets and our proactive approach to productivity gains and cost reduction should provide the ability to outperform competition in the short term and an even brighter future. We have the financial strength and flexibility, business mix and global breadth for future growth. Danaher is poised for long-term success, and I am confident that the company will continue to deliver superior results.
APPRECIATION Our succession planning began with our Board of Directors five years ago and culminat- ed with the announcement of Larry Culp’s appointment to Chief Operating Officer and my retirement on May 1, 2001. It has been a long-term goal of mine to build a management capability and a company so strong that I could retire before I reached the age of 60. This year, I will turn 60 and be able to spend more time with my family, focus on private investments and philanthropic interests and participate in recreational activities that I have deferred during my professional career.
As I leave my career with Danaher, I want to express my personal thanks to the associates, customers and suppliers who have worked so hard to make this company such a success. I respect your efforts, value your friendship and will never forget you. For the future, I will remain interested in Danaher’s growth for both personal and substantial financial reasons.
 GEORGE M. SHERMAN
PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER FEBRUARY 23, 2000
 PAT ALLENDER
EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT, CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER AND SECRETARY
STEVE SIMMS
EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT
PHIL KNISELY
EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT
4 DANAHER CORPORATION
    