                  Dear
shareholDers,
2013 was a good year at Danaher. Our team continued to leverage the Danaher Business System (DBS) to drive relative top-line outperformance, solid core operating margin expansion and excellent cash flow throughout the year.
Revenue increased 4.5% to $19.1 billion with core revenue growth of 2.5%.
Approximately 40% of our revenue was generated from consumables, software and services, evidence of our important place in our customers’ workflows.
Our gross margin exceeded 52%.
Our core operating margin expanded approximately 80 basis points and our reported operating margin was 17.1%.
We generated $3 billion of free cash flow, marking the 22nd consecutive year in which free cash flow exceeded net income.
We deployed approximately $1 billion on 14 strategic bolt-on acquisitions to strengthen our existing competitive positions and enhance our future growth prospects.
Danaher will generate nearly $20 billion of revenue this year. That size, coupled with our global footprint and our exposure to some of the most attractive scientific and technical end-markets in the world, including health care, environmental and communications, set the stage for continued success in 2014. But, we recognize that there are no guarantees in corporate life. Our teams are hard at work on the following five, Danaher-wide strategic priorities to ensure that we fully seize the potential of our markets for years to come:
         GaininG Market Share via DBS:
We continue to develop and deploy our growth, lean and leadership DBS tools to grow faster than our served markets.
WinninG in hiGh- GroWth MarketS:
We are broadening and deepening our already significant geographic exposure outside of North America, Western Europe and Japan with products and services tailored to unique local requirements.
GoinG DiGital:
We are taking full advantage
of fundamental changes in computing and communications to improve how we market and sell today’s products,
as we explore new product architectures and business models for tomorrow.
harneSSinG GloBal Scale – the Danaher Way:
We’re finding new ways
to leverage our scale – at the regional, platform and Danaher-wide levels – to tap into our collective strengths, while staying ever mindful that our primary focus is on our operating companies.
StrateGically allocatinG capital:
We continue to be smart and disciplined capital allocators with long-term value creation top of mind.
 7
 H. Lawrence cuLp, Jr.
President & Chief Executive Officer
      
                  GaininG market Share via DBS
We anticipate relatively modest market growth rates this year based on slightly more optimistic economic projections. In order to outperform our competition in this environment, we are focused on improving our innovation and commercial capabilities. DBS provides us with the tools and resources we need to serve our customers better in order to gain market share.
Our teams are leveraging DBS research and development (R&D) tools to meet our customers’ demands and drive new product innovation. For example, in 2013 the impact of our new product introductions drove mid- single digit or better core revenue growth at Leica Microsystems, AB SCIEX and X-Rite.
Our teams are also using DBS sales and marketing tools to successfully commercialize their products and technologies. Videojet, ChemTreat and Kerr are innovating the ways they market and sell to better reach more customers and respond to their needs promptly. As a result of their efforts in web-based lead generation and superb sales force management, we believe each of these businesses gained market share in 2013.
We’ve also successfully driven market share gains by increasing our service offerings to our customers. In the past three years, Hach has added more than 200 people to its service organization to fill the void created as a result of the aging demographic of service and technical support staff among its water quality customers. Hach identified this market dynamic as an opportunity to help its customers with treatment plant operations and embedded additional service associates deeply into customers’ workflows.
In addition to a slew of recently introduced new products, our product pipeline is full and strong. Whether it is our ballast water treatment project at Trojan Technologies or our molecular diagnostics effort at Beckman Coulter, we spent nearly $1.25 billion to further develop new technologies in 2013 that will serve to support our growth objectives in 2014 and beyond.
  During the past three years, Danaher increaseD
r&D SpenDinG
By Greater 25% than
     8
hach Drove 15% compounDeD average
revenue Growth in its service Business from 2010 to 2013
   
   Danaher generateD
$1.7 Billion in
annual sales
from China in 2013
     9
                 Winning in HigH-groWtH Markets
I’m still amazed to think that our 2013 high-growth market exposure accounted for more than a quarter of our total revenue, or approximately $5 billion. That is larger than Danaher itself was when I became CEO in 2001.
Our global journey started in earnest
in China more than 15 years ago and it’s our largest high-growth market today. But, China is no longer our only high- growth market story. Two-thirds of our annual high-growth market sales now come from other regions. We’ve built an $800 million business in Latin America, as well as in Eastern Europe, Russia and Turkey. We have a $500 million growth business in the Middle East and Africa and nearly $250 million of revenue today in India. In short, we’ve taken the lessons we’ve learned in China and applied them, where appropriate, to capitalize on global growth prospects.
Our success in the high-growth markets has been, and will continue to be, driven by our ability to broaden and deepen our local market exposure. Long gone are the days of operating from a Western headquarters and distributing global products around the world. Today, winning in these regions requires us to think and act locally with truly localized business models. We must be on the ground interacting with customers with local sales, marketing, and after-market support. We must also expand our local functional teams and train them in our culture of integrity and compliance. And, we must seek out good local channel partners to help us further expand our presence. For example, in China, KaVo Kerr Group has found a great, web-based educational partner to broaden its reach and build relationships within the rapidly growing dental community.
going Digital
Technological innovation is changing the way we do business. From how we market and sell our products to the nature of our channel relationships, product architectures and business models, the clock speed of digitally-driven change is rapid. Some perceive these changes as threats. Perhaps so. But, on balance, we think of them as opportunities.
Our analytical instrumentation and sensors produce large amounts of data for our customers today. Our vision for tomorrow is to move beyond being a “data-company” to be more of an “information-company.” Many of our businesses are already on their way to realizing that vision.

                   Gilbarco Veeder-Root’s Insite360 Fuel is a cloud-based platform that allows retailers to remotely configure and monitor all of their environmental, inventory and retail automation systems from any PC or mobile device. We’re helping our customers identify theft, detect environmental issues and prevent fuel run-outs in real time, thus improving the economics and risk profiles
of their businesses.
Esko’s Suite 12 is a software solution for the consumer packaged goods industry. It significantly improves our customers’ workflows by generating interactive, 3D graphics of packages, by speeding up package-design and production, and by enabling web-based teamwork.
Leica Biosystems’ eSlide Manager provides remote, real-time viewing and sharing of pathology images to help pathologists optimize their workflows. Customers benefit from centralized management of information, collaboration with colleagues, elimination of redundant processes and reduced organization-wide inconsistencies.
By developing solutions that provide our customers access to more information to help them do their jobs better, we can be sure that today’s and tomorrow’s technological shifts will be a net opportunity for us.
Harnessing our global scale
At Danaher, we’ve always favored a
decentralized operating structure –
one which places as much focus on
and autonomy with our operating
companies as possible. We know that
the closer we are to our customers,
or to gemba – the real place where
work gets done – the better off we
are. Our DBS mindset suggests
corporate overhead ought to be lean.
But, as a corporation approaching
nearly $20 billion in annual revenue,
there are instances in which coming
together, as Danaher, is advantageous.
Take, for example, our procurement
group led by a small corporate team
and supported by talented leaders
within our operating companies.
Here Danaher’s size plays to our
advantage. Our purchasing power as a multi-billion dollar organization is far greater than that of any individual operating company. Leveraging our size, we are able to drive greater savings for all of our operating companies, much of which we in turn reinvest in our growth initiatives.
       Nearly
1/3
of DaNaher’s
engineers are focused exclusively
oNsoftware development
 DaNaher’s procuremeNt team Drove significant
savings iN 2013,
helpiNg to geNerate
basis poiNts of year-over-
year core operating margin expansion
80
 10
 
                  It’s not just in procurement that size works to our advantage. With $5 billion in the high-growth markets and several multi-billion dollar platforms, we have critical mass throughout our organization. In our strategic growth platforms and many of the high-growth markets, we’ve appointed leaders to ensure we are accelerating growth by fully capturing all the synergies available to us. We’ve created the Danaher Development Center (DDC) in China, where our team comes together under one roof to provide R&D capabilities for a number of our operating companies. Here, our goal is to eliminate redundant infrastructure costs that do not add value to customers, so that resources can be better spent on value-added sales, marketing and service initiatives. As we grow, you’ll see us continue to do more of this, but, as always, with the bias of doing what’s best for our operating companies and our customers.
Strategically allocating capital
Superior free cash flow generation has been a hallmark of Danaher for more than 20 years. For nearly as long, you have trusted us to reinvest that cash back into our businesses both organically and inorganically to fortify our competitive positions and drive strong sales and earnings growth. We will never take that privilege for granted. During the past decade, we have thoughtfully evolved our portfolio to become a global science and technology company, bringing in strong businesses like Beckman Coulter, X-Rite, Esko and AB SCIEX, while selling a select, few companies that had better strategic homes elsewhere.
As the equity markets pushed upward in 2013, acquisition opportunities became a little harder to find. That’s not to say that we sat idle. In 2013, we spent approximately $1 billion on 14 new
companies. We brought in some exciting new businesses, such as Teletrac, which further builds out Gilbarco Veeder-Root’s presence in the attractive vehicle tracking and fleet management market, and Hemocue, which provides us with an entry point into the physician’s office lab market through point-of-care hemoglobin and glucose diagnostics for Radiometer. Given the breadth and depth of our strategic platforms,
we remain confident in our ability to deploy our available cash flow. Our approach will always be strategic and financially disciplined with an eye toward building strong, long-term franchises with real competitive advantage. This is how we intend to continue to create shareholder value for you for many more decades.
Final thoughtS
We built the Danaher of today around attractive end-markets that offer the best opportunities for DBS to enhance our relative performance. The quality of our team and the power of DBS position
   We have
greater than $8Billion
of
acquisition capacity
 us well to continue capturing the potential brought about by the remarkable advances in technology and increased globalization. We look forward to earning your continued support through our performance for years to come.
Sincerely,
 March 31, 2014
  11
  