 To the Shareholders and Cast Members of The Walt Disney Company:
I’m delighted to share with you that fiscal 2007 was another outstanding year for your Company, enlivened by significant creative and financial achievements to make all of us proud. Disney’s strong performance — across business divisions and around the world —
Robert A. Iger
President and Chief Executive Officer, The Walt Disney Company
2
is a tribute to the men and women of
The Walt Disney Company and the great experiences they deliver to consumers. Their passion to excel is admirable, and their commitment to quality is as consistent as it is remarkable.
In 2007, we advanced our strategic priorities, strengthening our finan- cial results, growing the value of our brands, enhancing our ability to meet critical challenges and building a solid foundation for future growth.
Creativity and innovation are at the root of everything we do, and in 2007 the creativity on display across the Company was simply amazing.
Disney Channel was a big source of that great creative energy. High School Musical 2, which premiered in August, was the highest-rated cable movie of all time and extended what has in two years become a true global franchise. Hannah Montana has emerged as one of cable television’s most successful programs, with its star, Miley Cyrus, break- ing out as a top Disney recording artist and concert performer.
At our Studios, Pirates of the Caribbean: At World’s End was the No. 1 movie of 2007 in global box office while Ratatouille was the best reviewed film of the year. Ratatouille earned more than $600 million in worldwide box office, making it the third-highest-grossing Pixar movie of all time. And, as I write this letter, Enchanted is enchanting critics and movie goers alike, and we are delighted with its initial success!

 Clockwise: Dancing with the Stars on ABC, Disney•Pixar’s Ratatouille and Disney Channel’s original series Hannah Montana.
3

 There’s nowhere the excitement and magic of Disney comes to life quite like at our Parks and Resorts and 2007 was no excep- tion. The Year of a Million Dreams has been resonating strongly with our Cast Members and Guests, so much so we are extending it into this coming year. At Disneyland, Finding Nemo Submarine Voyage has been delighting Guests
and stands as another great example of
Pixar’s creative strength at our parks. Our next Pixar attraction, Toy Story Mania!, opens this year in California and Florida.
Our Consumer Products division continued to come up with new ways to showcase our characters and stories through quality products that appeal to a wide range of consumers. Last year, licensed merchandise sales posted solid growth, led by our Cars
and High School Musical franchises.
Our non-Disney-branded businesses also displayed
great dynamism. ESPN, the preeminent brand in sports media, sustained its high
level of creative excellence, bolstering its connections with fans, whether they are watching television, listening to the radio or interacting online.
At ABC, our primetime schedule has a host of successful programs, from the returning series Grey’s Anatomy, Lost, Desperate Housewives, Dancing with the Stars, Brothers & Sisters and Ugly Betty, to new shows such as Samantha Who? At ABC News, we are proud that World News Tonight is now the nation’s most-watched evening news program while our local newscasts are leaders in such key markets as Chicago, Los Angeles and New York.
In 2007, we also strengthened our interna- tional operations, forging new bonds with consumers in some of the world’s most promising markets. We released our first original Disney film in China, The Magic Gourd, built up our management teams in
Russia and India and continued to
grow in other markets, including Europe and Latin America.
At Disney, we use technology to enhance our high-quality content and experiences and deliver them to more people, more places, more often.
High School
Musical is a hit with kids
on every platform from televi- sion and DVD to video games and consumer products.
4

 Disney.com was already the Internet’s most popular entertainment site among kids and families when we re-launched it last year. The addition of a rich array of videos, as well as casual games and easy access to all Disney businesses, has made it even more so. We are hard at work on an even newer version, to be launched in 2008.
ABC.com provided viewers with a growing selection of programs and a higher-quality experience while ESPN.com is a sports fan’s paradise, with great personalization features and incredible dimensionality, allowing the viewer to watch games, check stats, get the latest news and participate in fantasy leagues all at the same time.
Our strategic focus on creativity and inno- vation translates directly into an impressive financial performance. For the 2007 fiscal year, Disney’s revenue hit an all time high of $35.5 billion, a 5 percent increase over the previous year. Net income rose 39 per- cent to $4.69 billion, driven by growth at our Media Networks, Studio Entertainment and Parks and Resorts segments. Earnings per share, excluding certain items, grew by 24 percent to $1.92. We also delivered $3.8 billion in free cash flow and repurchased over 200 million shares of Disney stock for approximately $6.9 billion.
While we are extremely gratified by our financial performance this past year, we are also focused on delivering long-term shareholder value and on making the right investments to sustain growth, as well as superior returns and our competitive advantage.
Dreams come true every day at Disney theme parks around the world.
Maintaining a strong balance sheet will continue to allow us to take advan- tage of oppor- tunities, but any acquisi- tions and their timing will be based on sound financial and strategic logic as well as the long-term value of the acquisition to Disney.
We don’t take our position for granted. We live in a challenging and dynamic envi- ronment and feel it is imperative to apply operational and financial discipline and
to manage costs carefully. While we look forward to continued artistic success, we also continuously seek ways to manage our creative processes and our Company more efficiently.
The Little Mermaid stage play debuted on Broadway in January 2008.
5

 Pirates of the Caribbean: At World’s End was the year’s top-grossing film worldwide.
The strengthening of our creative engines remains a priority. They give Disney its competitive advantage and build brand and shareholder value. I’m proud to say that no entertainment company has as many vibrant creative engines as Disney, or the ability to leverage success across so many businesses and in so many places.
We call this value creation dynamic the Disney Difference. To make the most of our creative content, our portfolio of Disney businesses combine to create a highly effective marketing engine that helps increase revenue while affording numerous efficiencies.
When the Disney name is on a product, it enhances our ability to enter new markets, whether they are technology platforms or geographic territories, while increasing the value-generating lifespan of that product.
The Disney Difference drove our decision to focus more on making Disney-branded movies at our Studios and on developing Disney-branded video games at Consumer Products, and it will continue to drive our creative and strategic focus across numer- ous other businesses.
We made a number of significant decisions this past year that are designed to reinforce the Disney Difference while increasing long term shareholder value.
We purchased Club Penguin, a vibrant
and entertaining online world for kids and families that will help anchor our strategy to grow in this important and expanding space. We are proud to call Club Penguin our own, and believe that it is a great fit from a creative and a strategic perspective.
At Disney.com, we recently
launched a richly detailed
online Pirates world and are
expanding the popular virtual universe built around Tinker Bell and her friends, where fans have already created 3.5 million fairies. We are also developing an exciting online version of Radiator Springs, making the world of Cars interactive, one of our most successful content and merchandising franchises. The creation of more such com- pelling immersive worlds, which feature a safe, entertaining way for kids to network and play games, is a key priority of ours.
We’ve also recently announced plans to expand and improve Disney’s California Adventure in celebration of the hope and
optimism that attracted Walt Disney to California in the 1920s. The addition of new family attractions, entertainment and an entirely new land, Cars Land, should make our successful Disneyland Resort even more of a must-see destination.
Our decision last year to build two new cruise ships was an exciting one. This business has not only delivered impressive
6

 returns, but it has become an important brand builder for us. Guests love the experience and appreciate the way we’ve extended this family vacation offering. We have also unveiled plans to develop a new resort at a stunning location on the Hawaiian island of Oahu, expanding our successful Disney Vacation Club concept, as well as offering a great Disney family resort experience in Hawaii.
Efforts to build our video game business are encouraging, and we will continue to invest in this growth area. We believe it will become a significant growth driver for us and can be supported by our numerous businesses in order to maximize potential and create long-lasting value.
Our commitment to high-quality creative work, a persistent focus on new technolo- gies and intelligent investment in interna- tional markets are the strategies we believe can continue to carry us forward. But in upholding the outstanding reputation afforded to the Disney name, we must also continuously enhance our commitment
to social responsibility and particularly to the families and children who are our biggest fans.
In October 2006, we decided to put our brands and characters to work for families with a new healthy food program, including healthier food options for kids at our parks and resorts and in our licensed consumer products. This pioneering initiative has since been rolled out globally
to enthusiasm on the part of our Guests and consumers. This past year we also made the decision to no longer allow the depiction of cig- arette smoking in Disney- branded motion pictures.
Over the last year, we
have also broadened some longstanding environmental
and conservation initiatives.
We appointed an Environment Council, made up of senior execu- tives from across the Company, to
Nicolas Cage starred in the 2007 holiday box office hit
National Treasure: Book of Secrets.
Pixar’s WALL•E opens in theaters this summer.
7

 Clockwise: Club Penguin; Kids around the world cele- brate their love of Mickey Mouse in style; Guests take a spin with the Mad Hatter at Walt Disney World.
analyze and implement sustainable strate- gies for minimizing Disney’s impact on the environment. We are taking a measured and comprehensive approach to this com- plex, important task and expect to start putting enhanced policies in place in the coming year.
The past year also brought changes to our Board of Directors. We said goodbye to one of our longstanding Board mem-
bers and welcomed a new one. Father
Leo O’Donovan, President Emeritus of Georgetown University and a professor
of theology at that fine institution, retired after 11 years of dedicated and distinguished service. Father Leo’s wise counsel, scholarly insight and sense of fun will be missed.
We are delighted that Susan Arnold has joined Disney’s Board. Susan has had an illustrious career at Procter & Gamble,
8

 where she is President, Global Business Units. Her expertise in connecting with con- sumers and in producing consistent growth from a broad portfolio of brands fits per- fectly with our own goals. We are really excited to have her on our team. Our Board represents a diverse group of peo- ple with a broad set of interests and ex- periences, which I value greatly.
In my two years as Chief Executive, I’ve come to appreciate the breadth and depth of The Walt Disney Company even more. We have passionate, committed, talented and experienced Cast Members. Nurturing the vibrancy of the creative process, taking full advantage of the opportunities offered in emerging markets and by new technolo- gy and building on the huge potential of this great Company and its fantastic legacy is a truly inspirational challenge. I’m both a little humbled and totally thrilled to be leading Disney at such a wonderful time in its history.
Everyday, the people of The Walt Disney Company wake up to the challenge of exceeding the lofty expectations of our Guests and consumers. That’s a huge responsibility, but one that we are honored and excited to live up to. So, on behalf of the 137,000 Cast Members and employees of Disney who work to create special mem- ories and experiences that our consumers enjoy around the clock and around the world, I’d like to thank you personally for your continued support.
  Walt Disney Animation Studios’ The Princess and the Frog is scheduled for release in 2009.
Non-GAAP measures referred to in this letter are reconciled with the nearest GAAP equivalent on pages 12 and 13 of this report. A reconciliation of earnings per share excluding certain items to GAAP earnings per share is on page 1 of this report.
9
Robert A. Iger
President and Chief Executive Officer, The Walt Disney Company
December 13, 2007

  W
e believe that Disney’s success in creating shareholder value depends on our continuing to create exceptional entertainment content, experiences, and other products that consumers around the world embrace and on how
well we extend and capitalize on our Company’s unique set of assets and competitive strengths. These competitive advantages include our strong portfolio of brands, led by Disney and ESPN, and properties
like Disney Princesses, Cars, Toy Story, Pirates of the Caribbean, High School Musical, Hannah Montana, and of course Mickey Mouse and Winnie the Pooh. These franchises provide a recurring base of business, as well as content which can be extended into new platforms and tech- nologies and into new markets around the world.
To better capitalize on our brand and content strength, we manage our businesses in an integrated manner. This allows us to both successfully launch new branded content and use our many assets as promotional platforms. We believe that this integrated approach drives higher returns on successful content than our competitors can achieve. We also possess a strong balance sheet that provides us with the flexibility to seize opportunities that can enhance our competitiveness and create superior returns. Allocating capital profitably and managing our day-to- day operations to maximize both our creative and financial success are the most important ways that we serve the owners of our Company.
We use three primary financial metrics to measure how well we are delivering value for our shareholders: earnings per share, return on invested capital (ROIC) and after-tax cash flow. For the fifth consecutive year, Disney delivered solid performance in each of these key measures. An investment in Disney over the past five-year period has yielded a compound annual return of over 19%, roughly 360 basis points better than the S&P 500.1 During the same period, our operating margin increased by approximately 10 percentage points.2
While we strive to achieve near-term earnings growth, we also seek to enhance the Company’s long-term competitive positioning. Since strategic investment can sometimes influence near-term returns, we assess trends in financial metrics over time rather than looking only at short-term results.
Our first priority in allocating capital is to fund strategically attractive investments that can drive future growth and provide strong returns over time. These opportunities can include internal investment in existing and new businesses or acquisitions. Our brands and franchise portfolio provide us with wide reach across different consumer demo- graphics and entertainment platforms. We plan to continue investing
to strengthen our creative portfolio by developing high-quality content. We also plan to further build our creative pipeline and strengthen our brands on a global basis to ensure we keep diversifying and growing our established businesses.
1 As of September 28, 2007
2 Operating margins increased from 12.5% in 2003 to 22.0% in 2007. Operating margin is
not a financial measure defined by GAAP and is equal to Aggregate Segment Operating Income as a percentage of Total Revenue. As a reconciliation of this non-GAAP financial measure to an equivalent GAAP financial measure, Income from continuing operations before income taxes, minority interests and the cumulative effect of accounting changes as a percentage of Total Revenue increased by 14 percentage points from 7.8% in 2003 to 21.8% in 2007. The reconciliation of Aggregate Segment Operating Income to Income from continuing operations before income taxes, minority interests and the cumulative effect of accounting changes is available at the end of this Financial Review.
These initiatives include investment in Disney and ESPN television, internet, video games, and mobile content and the reach of our dis- tribution around the world. For example, we plan to invest at least $100 million over the next two to three years to produce local, Disney- branded films in key international markets, including China, India, and Russia. We are creating ABC programming for both domestic and international distribution, and we expect to continue investing in our video game publishing activities, with particular emphasis on Disney-branded games.
In addition to continued internal business development, we expect that, over the next 3 to 5 years, we will find additional attractive acquisition opportunities that will meet our financial and strategic criteria.
We recently have made several small acquisitions to enhance our posi- tion in key long-term growth areas, including online entertainment and international markets. Our largest acquisition this past year was Club Penguin, a leading online virtual world for kids age 6 to 14. The acqui- sition of Club Penguin provided us with a great opportunity to signifi- cantly strengthen our online capabilities and presence, and the transaction should be accretive to Disney’s earnings in the first year. In addition, we expanded our international TV business by acquiring NASN in Europe and Hungama in India. Smaller acquisitions of online Web sites for ESPN, namely Scrum.com (rugby), Cricinfo (cricket) and Jayski (NASCAR), enhance our coverage and audience reach in key sports.
We also continuously assess whether our portfolio of assets allows us to maximize shareholder value and aligns with our strategic priorities. During the year, we completed the disposition of the ABC Radio assets, as well as the sale of our stakes in E! Entertainment and Us Weekly, which demonstrates our focus on aligning our assets with our growth strategy.
Our success in 2007 was broad-based. I’d like to highlight key activities in each of our four major business segments that contributed to
our record earnings in 2007 and position us well for continued long- term growth.
BUSINESS SEGMENT PERFORMANCE
Media Networks
Media Networks contributed most to our profit growth for the year, led once again by Cable Networks. The Disney and ESPN brands provide consumers with high-quality programming that translates well across platforms and cuts through the clutter created by ever-expanding entertainment choices. Over the past few years, we have invested in developing our digital capabilities, which will allow us to create pro- gramming that can extend across platforms. ESPN has succeeded in delivering a media “surround” experience for consumers and adver- tisers across TV, internet, wireless, print and radio outlets. ESPN’s coverage of Monday Night Football, Major League Baseball, NBA and NASCAR reflect the results of this investment.
Disney Channel also continues to be a great success story, both in terms of the network’s ratings performance and in its ability to create new franchises that lift revenue and returns across our business seg- ments. Successful programming like High School Musical 2 and Hannah Montana drove sales in music, video games and merchandising in
10

    fiscal 2007. Disney Channel is one of the most important drivers of the Disney brand in the US and is instrumental in building brand awareness for Disney around the world.
At Broadcasting, ABC Studios’ hit shows drove demand across plat- forms and syndication windows, helping Broadcasting deliver strong double-digit growth in operating income. ABC’s efforts in building a unique consumer experience on ABC.com and other digital platforms have created a higher consumer affinity for the network because it has enabled consumers to discover and view new shows and to catch up with their favorite shows on their own time. Making our content avail- able on different platforms is valuable to viewers, viable for advertisers, and strengthens our network audience.
Studio Entertainment
Our Studio Entertainment segment had an outstanding year, delivering record profit on the strength of Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man’s Chest and Cars on DVD while the third installment of Pirates of the Caribbean and Ratatouille delivered strong box office performance in theatres. The success of the studio is also the result of our disciplined approach to film production whereby we have reduced our overall investment in film, while focusing more on Disney-branded movies.
The Studio’s ability to create high quality Disney-branded content – particularly content with significant franchise potential – is the reason that the Studio remains one of the Company’s most important creative engines. As an example, Cars, which was released theatrically in 2006, was an important driver of the Company’s 2007 home video and con- sumer products successes. We believe that the property can be further leveraged across our other businesses. Therefore, we will be adding an entire new Cars-themed land to Disney’s California Adventure at the Disneyland Resort in a few years and we are extending the Cars fran- chise as an online virtual world.
Our ability to create long-term returns from properties like Cars, Toy Story, or Finding Nemo illustrates the important value of our Pixar acquisition. We are extremely pleased with the integration of Pixar and Disney. The creative lift brought by Pixar is evident not just at the Disney Animation Studios, but also at Consumer Products and at Parks & Resorts, where their wonderful characters and stories can now be experienced in new and innovative ways. Pixar illustrates the level
of commitment to quality and creativity we strive for at The Walt Disney Company.
Parks and Resorts
Disney Parks and Resorts delivered attractive operating profit growth and substantial cash flow again this past year. The success of the Year of a Million Dreams marketing initiative across the parks helped us achieve increased revenue and profit, along with record attendance at our domestic parks for the year. Notably, we also further increased operating margins for our domestic parks. As importantly, our Parks and Resorts play a vital role in raising strategic awareness for our brands by providing an immersive experience that fully engages our audiences around the world.
In the next few years, we expect to invest in the parks to further enrich the immersive experience that our guests around the world have come to associate with our parks. At Disneyland Resort, we are expanding Disney’s California Adventure in order to enhance the Disneyland Resort’s appeal as a multi-day vacation destination. In addition, we are expanding further in other segments of the leisure market, particularly Disney Cruise Line and Disney Vacation Club. Disney Cruise Line has generated double-digit returns on invested capital. Given these returns, we are building two new ships, which are slated for delivery in 2011
and 2012. Disney’s Vacation Club has experienced strong demand since we launched the first resort in 1991. We believe there is still room to grow and we have announced the development of Vacation Club units at Disneyland’s Grand Californian Resort and in Hawaii.
Through the investment we’ve made in the past several years, and through continued targeted capital investments, our parks and resorts business is well positioned to leverage our brands to create strong returns. At the same time, we expect the segment will continue to generate meaningful free cash flow, even taking into account the ongoing investments we are making to further enrich the Disney theme park experience.
 $1,500 $1,200 $900 $600 $300 $0
$ In Millions
THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY
CAPITAL EXPENDITURES
Excluding Euro Disney and Hong Kong Disneyland3
$1,310 $1,049 $1,132 $1,102 $1,044
  $816
$494
        $577
$719
$472 $413 2003 2004
$726 $667
$376 $377
2005 2006 2007
        Parks and Resorts (Excluding Euro Disney and Hong Kong Disneyland) Media Networks, Studio Entertainment, Consumer Products and Corporate
  Consumer Products
The strength of the Disney brand and its growing portfolio of franchises underpin the success of our Consumer Products segment. Our man- agers work hard to collaborate across business segments to ensure that we maximize the value of our many creative properties. Consumer Products benefits greatly from this franchise building process, particu- larly in licensing, where revenues from earned royalties achieved double- digit growth rates in fiscal 2007. We believe we have upside potential in the licensing business and aim to further increase our market share in key categories through our direct-to-retail licensing strategies over the next few years.
We also believe that video gaming is a key growth opportunity over the next five to seven years as it allows us to extend our existing characters and brands, and deliver stronger returns from our key franchises. We have steadily ramped up our product development capabilities and expect to continue increasing our investment in video games over time.
Free Cash Flow
As we have continued to strengthen our earnings, our capital needs have remained relatively stable, which has helped us deliver strong free cash flow for the past several years. In fiscal 2007, we generated roughly $3.8 billion in free cash flow.
3 Capital expenditures excluding Euro Disney and Hong Kong Disneyland is not a financial measure defined by GAAP. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to equivalent GAAP financial measures are available at the end of this Financial Review.
11

    $5,000 $4,000 $3,000 $2,000 $1,000
$0 $ In Millions
THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY FREE CASH FLOW 4
$2,811
$2,326
$4,668
We are also proud of our Company’s consistent track record of return- ing value to shareholders through annual dividends. In November 2007, Disney’s Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.35 per share or approximately $660 million in total. This marks the 52nd consecutive year that Disney has paid a dividend and the fourth consecutive year of double-digit growth in dividends per share.
Outlook
We are committed to upholding the trust our shareholders place in us and we take great pride in the strong creative and financial results we have achieved for the past several years. We also believe our strong portfolio of brands and businesses represent an attractive base from which we can grow in the future.
We will continue to apply financial discipline in our creative and day- to-day business decisions in order to strengthen our competitiveness and enhance Disney’s long term value. At Disney we understand that these goals – uncompromised quality, constant innovation and financial discipline – must coexist in order to deliver on the high expectations of our stakeholders.
Thomas O. Staggs
Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer,
The Walt Disney Company
RECONCILIATIONS (all figures in millions)
As noted in the footnotes, certain measures used in this financial review are not financial measures defined by GAAP. The following tables reconcile these measures to the most comparable financial measures defined by GAAP.
  $3,832
      $1,727
2003
2004
2005
2006 2007
    Disney’s strong cash flow performance contributes to our Company’s tremendous financial flexibility. Over the last several years, we have strengthened our debt ratios, even as we have returned substantial capi- tal to our shareholders through share repurchase and dividends. As a result, our long term credit ratings were recently upgraded to A2/A from A3/A- by Moody’s and Standard & Poor’s, respectively. We enjoy an attractive average effective yield on our debt portfolio of just under 5%, with a weighted average maturity of about 8 years.5
  THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY
NET BORROWINGS AT FISCAL YEAR END 6
$12,000 $10,000 $8,000 $6,000 $4,000
$2,000
$0
$ In Millions 2003
$11,517 $11,446
$11,114 $11,502
$2,643
2003 2004
$3,311 $4,666
(447) (428) (18) (12)
— — 16 —
(16) (64) (793) (617)
$2,053 $3,545
2005 2006
$4,968 $6,361
(543) (522) (11) (11)
— — 26 70
(32) 18 (597) (592)
$3,811 $5,324
2007
$7,827
(497) (16)
(48) 1,052
— (593)
$7,725
$10,744
Segment Operating Income
   $2,979
$8,523
      $2,454
$2,418
Segment operating income
Corporate and unallocated shared expenses
Amortization of intangible assets
Equity-based compensation plan modification charge
Gains on sales of equity investments and businesses
Restructuring and impairment (charges) and other credits, net
Net interest expense
Income from continuing operations before income taxes, minority interests and the cumulative effect of accounting changes
        $8,992 $8,326 $8,471
2004 2005 2006 2007
 Net borrowings of Euro Disney and Hong Kong Disneyland
Net borrowings excluding Euro Disney and Hong Kong Disneyland
Shareholder Returns
We continued to aggressively repurchase Disney stock this past year
as a means of returning capital to our shareholders. During fiscal 2007, we repurchased over 200 million shares of Disney stock for approxi- mately $6.9 billion. From August 2004 through the end of fiscal 2007, we have purchased over 550 million shares of Disney stock for over $16 billion. Our stock purchase activities reflect our discipline in return- ing value to shareholders while at the same time strengthening our financial position.
4 Free cash flow is not a financial measure defined by GAAP. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to equivalent GAAP financial measures are available at the end of this Financial Review.
5 These figures exclude the debt of Euro Disney and Hong Kong Disneyland, which had an average effective yield of 5.63% with a weighted average maturity of 11.6 years.
12
6 Net Borrowings and net borrowings excluding Euro Disney and Hong Kong Disneyland are not financial measures defined by GAAP. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to equivalent GAAP financial measures are available at the end of this Financial Review.
    