     LETTER
TO SHAREHOLDERS
To Disney Owners and Fellow Cast Members:
Last year, I mused about the changing of the seasons. This year, I’d like to discuss the changing of the decades, and the accom- panying changes that are taking place in our company. Of course, we’re also changing centuries and millennia, but generally speaking I believe that a 10-year block of time is about as
far out as any CEO ought to write about in his annual report ... although I am willing to bet that Disney will still be doing very well come January 1, 2100!
The last ten years comprised a spectacular decade for Disney. Unfortunately, in financial terms it ended on a down note, with revenues for 1999 increasing only 2 percent to $23.4 billion and operating income declining 21 percent, to $3.2 billion. On the other hand, in creative terms, the decade ended strongly, with our company’s entertainment product continuing to attract wide audiences around the world.
Back in 1990, my optimism for the coming 10 years was reflected at a press conference during which we outlined (slightly tongue- in-cheek) what we were calling “The Disney Decade.” At that event, I laid out our company’s plans, which included the con- struction of new theme parks in Orlando, Anaheim, Tokyo and Paris; the addition of more than 20,000 new hotel rooms on our properties; and the revitalization of feature animation, with the release of at least one new animated film a year. All of these ambitious plans — plus the acquisition of Capital Cities/ABC — came to pass and helped propel the extraordinary growth of our company.
Because of the expansion that took place during the past decade, we enter the new decade as a substantially different company. We now have seven theme parks (with four more in the works), 27 hotels with 36,888 rooms, two cruise ships, 728 Disney Stores, one broadcast network, 10 TV stations, nine interna- tional Disney Channels, 42 radio stations, an Internet portal, five major Internet web sites, interests in nine U.S. cable networks
and, in the past decade, we have enhanced our library with 17 animated films, 265 live-action films, 1,252 animated television episodes and 6,505 live-action television episodes.
This enormous expansion reflected a two-fold corporate strategy: (1) to build the greatest entertainment asset base in the world and (2) to simultaneously create the greatest entertainment product in the world. The first aspect of this strategy is what our Disney Decade was all about, and it was achieved. The second aspect – the creation of great entertainment product – is ongoing and
will always be fundamental to our company.
So, now we enter the first decade of the 21st century with a strategy that is four-pronged: (1) revitalizing underperforming areas (that’s a euphemism for developing new strategies for Home Video and Consumer Products), (2) achieving greater profitability from existing assets (that’s corporate speak for vigilant and continued efforts at controlling costs and improving efficiency which in itself is corporate speak for worrying about the bottom line more aggressively), (3) capital-efficient initiatives to drive long-term growth (which really means growing our existing companies in smart ways at the lowest possible cost) and, of course, (4) continued development of creative, innovative and engaging products (in other words, continuing to be Disney).
Your company is really in excellent health despite the short-term earnings hiccup. I feel the same way about Disney as I like to feel about my family — solid, on the right track, with strong fundamentals and an enthusiasm for the future. But this year I am going to restrain myself from writing about my family. Not that I don’t want to! But wiser forces, namely my wife, feel I should take all these pages to talk about our corporate family, and how it is going to grow even stronger. I know my sons will now be happier entering the new millennium, saved from having to read what their father has written about them to three million Disney shareholders. So, back to the company.
2

   REVITALIZING UNDERPERFORMING AREAS (I.E., HOME VIDEO AND CONSUMER PRODUCTS)
There were two primary reasons for our company’s disappoint- ing performance in 1999 – downturns in Home Video and in Consumer Products. We are now implementing plans designed to return these operations to growth. These are immense businesses, each of which would rank in the Fortune 500 and each of which is the undisputed leader in its field. Of course, given their size, they cannot be turned on a dime. But, when they do turn around, they should be fundamentally pointed in the right direction and headed for renewed long-term success.
Throughout the ‘90s, our approach to Home Video was to release all of our major library titles for relatively brief designated periods of availability. In fact, one of the reasons our home video revenues were down in 1999 was because of this strategy, since we released four fewer major library titles in the U.S. during the year, resulting in a sales decrease of roughly 40 million units compared to 1998. The strategy of limited release periods served us well during the rapid-growth phase of the video business. Now, VCRs are in virtually every home, and
we believe that consumers are best served by making most
titles available on a year-round basis, similar to the music and book businesses.
So, beginning in January, 2000, we will start sequencing into the video market all but ten of the titles that were previously held in limited availability. Separately, these ten classic animated films will comprise what we are calling The Disney Platinum Collection. One of these films will be released each fall on a ten-year cycle, starting with Snow White in the fall of 2001. This will allow us to build a company-wide marketing event around each release, thereby maximizing the value of these ten films and reinforcing their special appeal among consumers. We believe this strategy will also help to optimize the library as the home entertainment market transitions from the VHS format to DVD.
MichaelD.Eisner
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, The Walt Disney Company
We will now be issuing all of our video releases simultaneously on VHS and DVD. The availability of Disney films should give consumers greater reason to add a DVD player to their home entertainment centers. There are currently four million DVD players, plus 10 million DVD-capable computers in the U.S. As DVD penetration levels increase, the potential significance for our library is considerable, since the switch from VHS to DVD could parallel the earlier switch from audiotape to CD’s in the music business. We have positive research regarding the rising demand for DVD, but my gut tells me DVD will come on even more strongly than the forecasters suggest. Why? Because I find that I’ve finally gotten the DVD “bug” and am now back in electronic stores cruising the DVD aisles the way I did just as Beta and VHS were taking off in the ‘80s and as the personal computer started to explode in the ‘90s.
The challenge in Consumer Products has two major facets – Licensing and The Disney Stores. One major step we have just taken to improve both of these areas is the appointment of Andrew Mooney as President of Disney Consumer Products. Andy brings outstanding experience, great insights and creative know-how to this position. He comes from Nike, where he wore several key hats, most recently serving as Chief Marketing Officer and head of its Global Apparel business. I believe Andy’s leadership will help accelerate the improved performance we are expecting in this important area.
During recent years, our licensing business has been a victim of
its own success. We built a successful strategy during the first
half of the 1990s that was geared around the unprecedented suc-
cess of such animated films as Beauty & the Beast, Aladdin and
The Lion King. We built our market share by signing as many
licensees as possible reaching a peak of more than 4,000. This
became far too many relationships to productively manage as the
market shifted. We are currently cutting the number of licensees
in half. By having broader relationships with fewer licensees, we
3
  
    will be able to more effectively build new merchandise cam- paigns to strengthen such established characters as Mickey Mouse and Winnie the Pooh. For example, next summer, we will launch our first-ever national TV ad campaign promoting a new apparel line themed around our favorite mouse. Meanwhile, merchandise featuring Pooh and his pals should directly benefit from this February’s release of The Tigger Movie. This film also comes in the midst of major international growth for Pooh, whose merchandise sales in non-English-speaking countries nearly dou- bled during the past two years.
Our strengthened licensee relationships should also help Consumer Products take advantage of such new film properties as Dinosaur and 102 Dalmatians later in 2000 ... as well
as an anticipated surge of interest in all things Toy Story early in the year. And, throughout 2000, you should start seeing the results of new relationships with retailers. These include Toys ‘R’ Us, which is rolling out front-of-the-store Disney-themed spaces, and Target and Macy’s, for which we are developing merchandise exclusives featuring our characters. The fact is that Disney Consumer Products has a collection of the best-loved and most valuable licensed characters in the world, which, over time, will underpin Licensing’s return to growth.
The Disney Stores’ fortunes have paralleled those of Licensing. They grew explosively through the decade, but lately their performance has dipped. A new management team is overseeing the implementation of new ways of doing business, including a redesign of the typical Store. It is amazing how quickly fashion changes. It is not unlike the movie or television business. I loved the carpets in the Disney Store just five years ago. Now I feel I’m walking into the past. Similarly, we had to get rid of the orange chairs and tables in Tomorrowland at Walt Disney World because it was looking like Yesterdayland. But the redesign of the Stores is about much more than just carpets. Among other new features, it will integrate computer kiosks that will enable consumers to purchase items through the Disney Store Online that are not available on the floor, helping to create a new busi- ness model for growth.
Accordingly, we are also reducing the number of separate items of merchandise in each store by more than half to focus on key, showcase products. New merchandise lines are being developed for the Stores that will be available by summer. And, throughout the year, we will be better defining shopping
“events” like Halloween, back-to-school, Christmas and Valentine’s Day, making The Disney Store an event-based experience like our movies and theme parks. You wouldn’t believe how many Halloween costumes we sold this year. Unfortunately, I can’t tell you the precise number. We’re saving it for a question on Who Wants to Be a Millionaire.
By the way, market shifts can work both ways. Changes in market conditions may have hurt us recently in Home Video and Consumer Products. However, I believe shifting market conditions are about to help us in the all-important area of animation. Throughout its 76-year history, animation has been the fundamental driver of much of the success of our company. During the past few years, most other studios have tried to emulate our performance in this field, resulting in increased competition and increased costs. It now appears that all of these studios have learned that the animation business isn’t so easy
  The new design of The Disney Stores will include these computer kiosks so guests will be able to purchase merchandise directly from The Disney Store Online.
 4

     and almost all of them are pulling back. As a result, cost pressures should be easing, allowing us to more effectively manage this business, which truly is the heart and soul of our company.
ACHIEVING GREATER PROFITABILITY FROM EXISTING ASSETS
(I.E., CONTROLLING COSTS)
Which brings me to #2 on our overall strategic list. Now that we have what we believe is the world’s greatest collection of enter- tainment assets, we need to manage it for maximum financial return. Many elements of our entertainment infrastructure, such as our parks and cable operations – both of which had record revenues and operating income in 1999 – are performing well and growing steadily. Other elements, such as The Disney Stores, are in need of retooling. But all of them can operate bet- ter, generating more cash and consuming less capital. This added cash flow, in turn, can be directed to new and existing businesses that have the greatest potential for growth, or to share repurchase. With the goal of increased cash flow, we are focus- ing on returns on our invested capital as a primary measure of performance for all of our businesses.
During the ‘90s, as we were focused on expansion, and as enor- mous profits continued to flow into the company, inefficiencies crept into our operations. The time has come to do as my maternal grandmother always strongly suggested I do: “Turn off the lights when you leave the room!” We are now working to “turn off the lights” by squeezing inefficiencies back out of our company. Costs are being reduced at the studio, marketing operations are being consolidated, the number of films produced is being cut back, all television production is being integrated into ABC, and we are cutting duplication in worldwide operations.
Furthermore, not every asset is worth holding onto or may not have adequate growth potential. Along these lines, we have sold off Fairchild publishing, a great magazine company but not one that is core to our businesses. And, we have closed Club Disney, a very well-accepted project creatively but one that did not meet our requirements for return on investment. As you can see, if
an asset is non-core, or doesn’t generate an adequate return on capital, we will discontinue it, sell it or finance it differently.
Then there are the mundane-sounding areas of our company that you’re certainly not used to reading about in one of my letters.
I tend to get more excited about new movies or television shows or cable services or theme parks or Internet experiments or interactive games. I love talking about expanding the revenue lines of our business. But the cost lines are also extremely important. If we want to continue to play in the creative sand- box and thereby generate long-term growth, then we’d better make sure that we stay responsibly in the financial box and thereby keep our operating margins healthy.
This is why we are focusing added attention on such areas as procurement. In 1999, we established a new group called Strategic Sourcing, which has already renegotiated contracts with more than 100 of the vendors that supply us goods and services, better leveraging our tremendous purchasing power. Let me give you one example. Each year, we send our guests home with 110 million packages of merchandise. That’s enough to create a line of shopping bags and gift boxes that would more than circumnavigate the world. We have found that by standardizing the size of all those bags and boxes and by consolidating and leveraging our purchasing power with vendors, we will be able to save roughly $1.5 million a year. Now take many, many more such initiatives, and the savings can be enormous.
The beauty of efforts like these is that they achieve significant savings without compromising the guest experience. And the savings do add up. By bringing this common sense approach to all of our purchases – from tacks to trucks to toilet paper – in five years, we should be saving more than $300 million annually from the Strategic Sourcing program.
In the area of live-action film production, we have reduced costs through lower production budgets, a smaller slate of films, con- solidation, reduction in talent deals and trimming of overhead. These efforts have combined to reduce investment by $400 mil- lion in 1999, with an additional $100 million reduction antici- pated in 2000. Despite these cuts, we were once again number one in the domestic and international box office. This was no small feat. We have been number one in the domestic box office for five of the last six years. During the ‘90s, we were cumulatively more than $1 billion ahead of our next competitor in total U.S. box office. And internationally, we are the only company to reach
5

     $1 billion in annual box office revenues more than twice ... and we have surpassed the $1 billion mark five years in a row. The overall economics of the film industry continue to be challenging due to current high costs, but it is important for all of our businesses that we be involved in this area. With ongoing discipline, we can continue to succeed at the box office while improving the bottom line.
Another way we are working to achieve greater profitability from existing assets is through the more effective cultivation of our relationship with our guests. For example, research shows that there are about four million Walt Disney World guests who are particularly passionate about all things Disney. You may be one of them. Until now, these individuals have pretty much had to find us. Like many other leading branded companies, we have established a Customer Relationship Management program to identify and communicate with our best customers. We’re going to reach out to them with special offers to promote a stronger personalized two-way relationship.
The final, and potentially the most significant, way that we intend to better manage our existing assets is through our international restructuring initiative. In 1999, we created Walt Disney International. Our growth overseas has been strong and exciting. But we have not duplicated the level of success we have achieved in North America. As a result, Disney is in the ironic position of being one of the best-known brands on the planet, but with too little of its income being generated outside of the United States. The U.S. contains only five percent of the world’s population, but it accounts for 80 percent of our compa- ny’s revenues. If we can drive the per capita spending levels for Disney merchandise to just 80 percent of U.S. levels in only five countries – England, Italy, Germany, France and Japan – then we would generate an additional $2 billion in annual rev- enue. With Walt Disney International coordinating all our lines of business overseas, we are now organized to achieve these kinds of results.
CAPITAL-EFFICIENT INITIATIVES TO DRIVE LONG-TERM GROWTH
(I.E., HOW BEST TO INVEST)
The management approaches I outlined above could result in enormous savings – savings that go straight to the bottom line. But the fact is that we cannot save our way to success. As we increase cash flow from our existing assets, we will continue to invest in new projects that offer high return on capital and can help propel growth.
In 1999, we introduced a number of upgrades at several of our theme parks that underscore our goal of investing moderate amounts of capital in order to generate maximum quantities of pixie dust, which in turn generate growth in incremental revenue.
At Disneyland, we unveiled Tarzan’s Treehouse. This was really a repurposing of the venerable Swiss Family Robinson Treehouse, which was scheduled to be closed temporarily for general main- tenance. For a relatively modest added investment, we incorpo- rated Tarzan-themed design elements to the existing structure that resulted in an entirely new attraction. I went through it the other night at our cast holiday party at Disneyland and was once again impressed by how much we got for so little cost.
At Walt Disney World, we opened two completely new, cost- effective attractions: Buzz Lightyear’s Space Ranger Spin at The Magic Kingdom and the Rock ‘n’ Roller Coaster Starring Aerosmith at Disney-MGM Studios. The Buzz Lightyear ride utilized the space and track layout of the former Delta Dreamflight, bringing an unprecedented level of interactivity to a Disney attraction. The Rock ‘n’ Roller Coaster utilized tech- nology acquired from an outside vendor, which we combined with Disney storytelling to create a completely unique thrill ride for roughly half the amount that we have spent for other “E” ticket rides in the past. I also rode them in the last couple of weeks. Both are awesome, one brilliant and creative, the other aggressive and loud and scary ... and the teenager in me imme- diately wanted to do it again! Meanwhile, at Epcot, we inaugu- rated our 15-month Millennium Celebration — a special event that will help drive greater attendance at Walt Disney World without building an entirely
new attraction.
6

     Furthermore, at both Disneyland and Walt Disney World,
we introduced FASTPASS, which utilizes a computerized pre-registration system to allow guests virtually to avoid lines
at our most popular attractions. We’ve found over the years
that lines are the single most mentioned criticism of our parks. Frankly, I hate standing in any line. I come from New York. New Yorkers aren’t good with lines. Now, Walt Disney Imagineering and our park operators have come up with the FASTPASS system, which greatly reduces the standing-in-line experience, thereby greatly increasing the having-fun experience. It allows everyone coming to our parks to feel like the VIPs they are.
With all of these initiatives, we have been able to meaningfully improve the quality of the guest experience while investing a substantially reduced level of capital. This approach is also being brought to our development of new theme parks.
In 2001, we will be opening two completely new theme parks – Disney’s California Adventure and Tokyo DisneySea.
Disney’s California Adventure will offer guests a day-long immersion into many of the wonders of the Golden State. But, we are producing this all-new magic with a number of cost- effective tricks up our sleeve. As with the Rock ‘n’ Roller Coaster (which, by the way, has been extremely popular with our guests), a number of attractions are similarly being built by integrating third-party-provided technologies with Disney showmanship and innovations in order to create dazzling entertainment experiences at far less cost than if we had designed them completely from the ground up.
At Tokyo DisneySea, we are following the same model we did with the enormously successful Tokyo Disneyland, with the construction capital being provided by Oriental Land Company and our company receiving licensing fees beginning the day the park opens.
In 2002, we plan to open the Disney Studios theme park at Disneyland Paris. As with the original Paris park, we will be equity investors, with the majority of the capital being provided by Euro Disney investors and financing partners. Disney Studios will feature a number of the most popular attractions from the Disney-MGM Studios.
I assure you that we will always tailor new parks so that they achieve a fresh and separate identity for our guests. However, it would make no more sense to build a completely different theme park in each new locale than it would to completely change the Lion King stage play every time it opened in a new city. Consequently, as we create new parks in the future,
we should increasingly benefit from the economies of scale. Disney’s California Adventure, Tokyo DisneySea and Disney Studios have one key feature in common: These theme parks are like structural magic wands that will touch the adjacent existing park and instantly create something completely new – a destination resort. With the addition of these second parks, we hope to achieve what Epcot did for Walt Disney World in 1982. We will be giving guests a reason to make multiple-day visits and build vacations around these resorts, staying on our property for one, two or three nights.
We have one other theme park in the works – Hong Kong Disneyland. In December, we concluded an agreement with the government of Hong Kong to build the park on Lantau Island
as part of a broader government initiative to make Hong Kong
a major tourist destination. The majority of the funds for the park’s construction will be provided by our local partner, and it will feature many favorite attractions from our existing parks. To give you some idea of the potential ancillary benefit of Hong Kong Disneyland, consider the fact that, from two years before the opening of Disneyland in 1955 until five years after, Disney merchandise sales in the U.S. more than doubled. Similarly, in 1983 Tokyo Disneyland opened and, by the end of 1988, Disney Consumer Products revenues had more than tripled in Japan compared to 1981. As for Disneyland Paris, from two years before the launch of the park until five years after, our Consumer Products business in Europe went up by ten times. Of course, there were many reasons why our businesses went up so much after the parks opened, but I felt this statistic would give you a sense of how Hong Kong Disneyland could help redefine our entire company for consumers in the most populous region on the planet.
Another example of building for the future is our Internet initiative. In November, shareholders approved two changes in the Disney charter to allow for our acquisition of Infoseek and the establishment of the GO.com tracking stock. There can be little question that the Internet is the next major development in the realm of information and entertainment. During the coming
7

    On October 8, Disney’s Millennium Symphonies premiered at Avery Fisher Hall, performed by the New York Philharmonic.These two orchestral works – Michael Tork’s Four Seasons and Aaron Jay Kernsi Garden of Light – musically commemorated the world’s passage to the new millennium.
years, broadband transmission will make it possible for the Internet to become a true entertainment medium. This is where our library, news and sports assets will be put to good use. So will our expertise in creating filmed entertainment. In GO.com, I believe we have brought together a collection of assets and skills that will allow us to seize the opportunities that emerge as the Internet evolves and grows in the years ahead.
It would have been very difficult to mount our Internet strategy had we not purchased Capital Cities/ABC in 1996. Of course, we would still have Disney.com and Family.com, but we would not have the enormous assets of ABC.com, ABCNEWS.com and ESPN.com. Similarly, we would not have our tremendous cable assets, which have also allowed us to generate cost-effec- tive growth initiatives. For example, ESPN gave us the oppor- tunity to spin off ESPNEWS. And, we are about to create a 24- hour soap opera channel, called SoapNet, which debuts on January 24, which is only possible because ABC, unlike the other broadcast networks, owns its daytime dramas. Indeed, our cable businesses represent one of the brightest areas of our company. In total, our cable operations, including our equity investments in A&E, Lifetime, The History Channel and E!, generated more than $1 billion in profits and achieved a growth rate of 32 percent compared to 1998.
Outside estimates have valued our cable assets alone – not including the Disney Channel – at more than we paid for the entire Capital Cites/ABC acquisition. In addition, the ABC TV stations and radio group have been valued at more than half the cost of the overall acquisition. On top of that, we have generat- ed roughly $4 billion from the sale of ABC’s publishing assets.
When you add it all up, it comes to a value that is impressive, even without including the ABC Television Network. This makes me feel pretty good about the $19 billion we paid for ABC.
And, given the strong synergies between our ABC properties and Disney holdings, I feel even better. The full value of a single show like Who Wants to Be a Millionaire is almost impossible to calculate, since it is profitable in itself, helps position the entire ABC Network (it played a key role
in ABC’s remarkable November sweeps win) and provides a promotional platform for all of Disney. Our ABC properties have become so integrated into our company that I simply can’t imagine Disney anymore without them.
CONTINUED PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT
(I.E., BEING DISNEY)
The final – and eternal – element of our overall strategy is product development. Great entertainment product is, has always been and will always be the fundamental driver of our company’s success. Many people now take our excellence in product for granted. They expect the Animal Kingdom to be great, the cruise ships to be great, new rides at our parks to be great, our animated movies to be great, our Internet initiatives to be great. But the magic doesn’t happen by accident. Our creative cast is maniacal in the pursuit of perfection, about coaxing perfection, about always hoping for it. And we will
not let up! To be sure, we also need to be smart about how we manage and optimize our product ... which is what the first three elements of our strategy are all about. But, ultimately, it is creative, innovative and engaging product that will fuel our future growth. This, in turn, will strengthen, reinforce and add value to our outstanding array of entertainment brands, such as ESPN, ABC and, of course, Disney.
As much as there were clearly problems in 1999, the good news is that product wasn’t one of them. This is ultimately why I remain a firm optimist about our company. Underperforming businesses can be fixed. Shifting market patterns can be adjusted to. But, bad product can’t be made good. We may not hit a homerun every time at bat, but the quality of our entertainment achieves a consistency that remains unmatched.
8
 
    Certainly, in 1999, our entertainment product was second to none. The Sixth Sense bewitched audiences around the world. Tarzan is on its way to becoming the second most successful animated film we’ve ever released. The Disney Cruise Line added a sec- ond ship, Disney Wonder, and posted some of the highest guest satisfaction rates in our history. The new attractions we added to our parks were not only cost-effective, but, even more impor- tant, they were instant guest favorites. DisneyQuest and ESPN Zone have been well received in the cities in which they have been rolled out. Der Glöckner von Notre Dame has creatively expanded our stage play business into Germany. Our new production of Annie was a huge ratings success on ABC’s Wonderful World of Disney. ESPN continues to offer a blend of wit and comprehensive coverage that is embraced by sports fans everywhere. Zoog Disney is a landmark program on the Disney Channel that merges the worlds of television and the Internet. World News Tonight is once again the number one prime-time news program. One Saturday Morning continues to be a safe and exciting place for children to spend time with the Disney brand on ABC. Radio Disney is a fresh choice on the dial for kids and their parents. The History Channel and A&E are quali- tatively two of the finest networks in the history of television. Who Wants to Be a Millionaire has transcended being a mere television show and has entered into the culture.
In other words, I could look Regis Philbin straight in the eye and say: Yes, that is my final answer. At The Walt Disney Company, we are poised for strong long-term growth even as we address near-term challenges.
And, as always, our success “to infinity and beyond” will
be led by great product like Toy Story 2, which made our Thanksgiving more thankful and our Christmas more merry!
In January, there’s Fantasia / 2000, which is a remarkable continuation of a completely distinct Disney legacy. For Memorial Day weekend, there’s Dinosaur, which is truly like nothing you’ve ever seen before. Further down the road, Kingdom in the Sun and Atlantis are looking to be wonderful additions to the Disney animation legacy. Then there are our new theme park projects, each of which is dazzling. On the Internet, GO.com is an exciting venture into an entirely new world of information and entertainment. I’d like to tell you which of our upcoming films and TV shows will be the next Sixth Sense or the next Who Wants to Be a Millionaire, but that’s impossible to predict. However, I believe that these kinds of mega-hits are
in the pipeline, and when they break through their impact will reverberate throughout our company.
And so it is that, in the year ahead, we have our work cut out for us to return our company to the growth track. It will require a relentless focus on operations and on the implementation of new strategies to meet new market conditions. But, our fundamentals – our collection of brands and our relationship with our guests and customers — remain strong. We are committed to a core vision: to continue to pursue excellence in everything we do, to be the leader in quality entertainment and information in the surely complicated century ahead, and to serve our cast members and shareholders productively and ethically. Speaking personally, I feel very much as I did back in 1984, when I came to Disney and our management team was eager to show what we could do. This is the attitude that infuses our team today. And, it comes at a time of unusual excitement in the entertainment industry in particular and the business community at large. The emergence of the Internet, the expansion of cable, the growing international markets, the arrival of digital exhibition of films, the advent of DVD and the growth of interactive entertainment are all important trends that go to the heart of what we do best.
Ten years ago, when I promised a strong Disney Decade, I was really just stating the obvious. This is because, since the birth of our company in 1923, you could say that every decade has been a Disney decade, as our company’s creative product has been embraced year after year, decade after decade, by people every- where. This consistent popularity of our product has driven Disney’s average 16 percent annual earnings growth since 1945. Of course, I cannot predict the company’s growth rate over the next 55 years, but I am confident that in the years ahead, we will add to our company’s legacy, and our customers and investors will be able to continue to celebrate Disney decade after decade.
Sincerely,
Michael D. Eisner Chairman and CEO December 10, 1999
        9
