     The
Company
       Fellow Owners and Cast Members:
2004 was certainly a momentous year for The Walt Disney Company.
By every measure, the Company prospered. Earnings per share were
up 72%; the stock price was up 12%; and operating income, return
on invested capital and cash flow were all up significantly, with cash flow hitting record levels. Performance of this kind would be gratifying under any circumstances. But it was that much more so given the circumstances in which it was achieved.
1
The past several years were influenced by the horror of 9/11, a worldwide recession, two wars, a downturn in tourism, an unsolicited and below market offer by Comcast to buy your Company and an unusually intense publicity campaign against the Board and management by two dissident former directors. As we confronted this confluence of events we were resolute in keeping our focus on the operations of the Company and returning to the kind of stellar performance our shareholders expect of us. I am exceedingly proud of our management team and entire Cast, who not only kept the Company on course throughout this challenging period, but were able to deliver the phenomenal results it did as the turbulence began to subside.
I’m writing this letter on Thanksgiving day in Vermont with my family while waiting for Kermit to float by on television at the Macy’s parade, waiting for the arrival of my children who are driving up to New England, and waiting for our turkey meal with the smell of chestnuts interrupting my thoughts. It does seem like yesterday, in 1984, that I wrote my first letter to you at the same kitchen table in my parents’ home in Saxton’s River, but it also seems like many movies ago. In some ways, the decision to retire from being the Disney CEO by September 2006 was made easier by the strong management team that is now in place and the strong rebound it has delivered (see paragraph above!), since I am determined to depart this job with Disney firing on all cylin- ders, poised to continue with strong performance over the years long after I have become just another ex-CEO, but still a long-term Disney shareholder.
So that’s the preamble. I’d now like to review some
of the reasons 2004 was so positive and discuss why we’re so well positioned for continued growth in the years ahead.
2 MAGIC HAPPENS – Mickey and Minnie Mouse delight a group of children when they unexpectedly dropped in for some ice skating fun at Central Park in New York City.
  1 Michael Eisner, chief executive officer, The Walt Disney Company.
  2
 
  The Walt Disney Company and Subsidiaries
  From left to right: David K. Thompson, senior vice president, deputy general counsel-corporate and corporate secretary – Marsha Reed, vice president, governance administration and assistant secretary – John Renfro, senior vice president, chief human resources officer – Alan N. Braverman, senior executive vice president and general counsel – Anne Buettner, senior vice president, corporate taxes – Zenia Mucha, senior vice president, corporate communications – Peter Murphy, senior executive vice president and chief strategic officer – Bob Iger, president and chief operating officer – Tom Staggs, senior executive vice president and chief financial officer – Christine McCarthy, senior vice president and treasurer – Jack Garand, executive vice president, planning and control – Salil Mehta, executive vice presi- dent, corporate business development and strategic planning – Preston R. Padden, executive vice president, worldwide government relations – Valerie Cohen, senior vice president, alliance management, corporate alliances – Wendy Markus Webb, senior vice president, investor relations and shareholder services – Jody Dreyer, senior vice president, Disney Worldwide Outreach.
2
  3
3
  
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
1
The fiscal year started off with a demonstration that while the movie business is still very volatile, the revenue stream from films is now much larger and stretches over a longer period as a result of the growth of the international and, especially, home video markets. This growth really helps successful
films. That continues to be the secret. Make good films at the right price. For this reason, in the first and second quarters of fiscal 2004, we had huge success from the international and home video releases
of such blockbuster 2003 films as
Pirates of the Caribbean, Finding Nemo and Freaky Friday.
2
In addition, demonstrating the incredible value of the Disney library, we also benefited from the DVD re-release of The Lion King. Also during the first quarter, we began to see the resurgence of attendance at our parks, with some record-setting days at
Walt Disney World during the holidays. It was shaping up to be
a very good year, and, as you can see, one of the primary drivers, as always, was fantastic creative product – in our films and in our parks.
As the year continued, we saw strong growth in our other two primary business units as well – Media Networks and Consumer Products. Consumer Products showed what can be achieved by the shrewd combination of creativity and great business sense, as the Disney Princess line grew to an amazing $2 billion at retail. As for Media Networks, the domestic Disney Channel was the number one cable network in ‘tweens (kids 9-14) in primetime
for the fifth year in a row, our international Disney Channels expanded to 22 with the addition of Japan, SOAPnet grew to nearly 40 million subscribers and ESPN continued to prove itself as one of the greatest assets in all of television. Not only does it serve as the TV home base for millions of men (and women too), but in 2004 we further expanded its offerings with the Spanish language ESPN Deportes, and we also opened ESPN’s Digital Center to keep the network on the cutting edge of sports coverage.
Toward the end of the year, the good news at Media Networks came from the ABC Television Network, which had three of the strongest new series of the new season. Actually, they were more like sensations – the kind of “water cooler” shows that every net- work hopes to have – Lost, Desperate Housewives and Wife Swap. In addition, Extreme Makeover: Home Edition demonstrated that Reality TV can be a quality experience that doesn’t just involve people eating bugs or jumping off of buildings. And so, we ended the year as we began it, propelled by the success of outstanding, original creative content embraced by millions of people.
4 4
  
  Of course, we always like to err on the side of conservative analysis and projections, but the fact is that Lost and Desperate Housewives show every indication of being long-time hits. This is made even more significant by the fact that we produce and own these shows through our Touchstone Television production group. The financial returns on a successful network show can be sub- stantial, especially once it goes into syndication. But the impor- tance goes even further, since these shows become “building blocks” for other programs, providing a large audience for the promotion of future new shows. This is how networks periodi- cally climb from last place to first, which is precisely what we aim to do with ABC.
celebrating an anniversary at every one of our theme park locations. Disneyland will feature a new parade, new fireworks show and the addition of the terrific Buzz Lightyear’s Astro Blasters! attraction.
At the Walt Disney World Resort, we’ll welcome the Lights, Motors, Action! Extreme Stunt Show at the Disney-MGM Studios; the Soarin’ attraction at Epcot; the Lucky the Dinosaur Audio-Animatronics® character at Disney’s Animal Kingdom; and the Cinderellabration musical spectacular at the Magic Kingdom. At Disneyland Paris, the fireworks spectacular Wishes will thrill Guests at night, and in Tokyo, Raging Spirits will take them through water, fire and then turn them upside down 360 degrees. Finally, on September 12th, we will open an entirely new theme park in an entirely new place (literally, since it’s sitting on some 113 million cubic meters of reclaimed land) – Hong Kong Disneyland.
It was on July 17, 1955 that Walt Disney unveiled something called Disneyland. No one had ever seen anything quite like it, and it created an entirely new category of enter- tainment, called the “theme park.”
3
On that forward-looking note, let me segue from 2004 to 2005 and beyond.
We expect double-digit earnings growth in the new fiscal year and, equally important, we anticipate growth across all four of our business segments. And although our 2004 results surpassed even our own aggressive expectations, we continue to target double
digit average compound earnings growth off this strong 2004
base through at least 2007.
An important driver of growth should be our global celebration of Disneyland’s 50th anniversary. This is a monumental occasion and it will be commemorated in an appropriately monumental way. For the first time ever, we will be
 1 Julie Andrews, the official ambassador of Disneyland’s 50th anniversary celebration, is joined by Michael Eisner (left) and Art Linkletter (right) for last May’s announce- ment of the global golden anniversary festivities.
2 In November, Disneyland’s golden anniversary ambassador Julie Andrews was on hand when Tournament of Roses officials announced that Mickey Mouse would serve as the Grand Marshal of the 2005 Rose Parade.
3 Disney theme park Guests are dancing in the streets – literally – with their favorite princess, Cinderella.
4 With the iconic Space Mountain in the background, Tomorrowland in Hong Kong Disneyland takes shape as the new park nears completion for its September 2005 grand opening.
4
     5
 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
    It also transformed this Company and proved in an incredibly dramatic way how great creative content can lead to other great creative content. Suddenly, there was a place where people could meet Mickey Mouse, could fly with Peter Pan and could visit Davy Crockett’s wilderness fron- tier. Disneyland, in turn, led to even more creative success and growth with Walt Disney World, Tokyo Disney Resort, Disneyland Resort Paris and Hong Kong Disneyland.
If you’ve been reading these annual letters for long, you’ve heard me extol the significance of Hong Kong Disneyland year after year. Well, it’s now almost here. Main Street is taking shape, Space Mountain has risen on the horizon and Sleeping Beauty Castle already has golden spires. The interest level among Hong Kong and Southern China resi- dents is phenomenal. There is little doubt that Walt’s dream will once again be infectious in a land that would have seemed unimaginable for such a development back in 1955.
2
ordinary. And we plan to keep delivering these experiences and having our shareholders benefit from the growth that results.
Out-of-the-ordinary experiences represent one of the underlying appeals of ESPN. At any given sporting event, the unexpected can generally be expected. Reinforcing the excitement of the unpre- dictability of sports is the excellence of ESPN’s coverage. And, in the years ahead, this coverage will remain on the cutting edge, helping to fuel future growth. In 2005, ESPN and ESPN2 will be offering 6,000 hours of programming in HDTV. As more and more people purchase high definition televisions, we expect this to be an added reason for them to turn to ESPN. Similarly, more and more people are moving to cell phones that are, in effect, small TVs, and ESPN will be pro- viding more great content for these small screens as well.
These are just two examples of how we expect technology to be a driver of growth across the Company in the years ahead. A related growth driver is the international market. Hong Kong Disneyland is indicative of the kind of opportunity that is springing up around the world for our Company. When I first joined Disney, it was unthink- able that China’s economy or political environment would be ready for a Disney theme park. In just 20 years,
this all changed.
6
6
1
1 Enthusiastic fans around the world turn to ESPN for the finest in quality, cutting edge sports entertainment.
2 Michael Eisner and Postmaster General Jack Potter were at Disneyland for the
June 2004 debut of a new set of U.S. postage stamps featuring Mickey Mouse and his friends.
3 Disney Publishing’s upcoming release of Fairy Dust and the Quest for the Egg by Gail Carson Levine will mark the beginning of an entirely new character franchise and product line, Disney Fairies, featuring Tinker Bell and her friends.
But, of course, Disney is all about imagining the unimaginable (after all, we have an entire division called Imagineering!). This is not only the foundation of the creative spirit, it is also the foundation of growth at this Company. This is really just another way of saying that people turn to us for experiences that are out of the
  
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
Similar transformation is happening in any number of nations. While, of course, this doesn’t mean we’ll be opening theme parks every- where, it does mean that consumer demand for all things Disney will be growing in more and more places. It seems “it’s a small world after all.” This is why new developments like wireless technology are potentially so significant, since they will be opening up new markets for us not just in the U.S. but around the globe.
Leading the way for international growth is our Disney Channel business. As I mentioned, earlier in 2004 we inaugurated our 22nd Disney Channel in Japan. On December 17, 2004, our next Disney Channel is launching in India. These businesses are strong in them- selves, with all but one of the channels that were launched prior to 2003 already profitable. However, beyond their profitability, these channels add inestimable brand value for our Company by building familiarity with and affection for Disney in these new international markets.
But, the most innovative distribution platforms and the most brilliant international strategies are worth little without great content. On this subject, I’m afraid I’ve been something of a broken record these past 20 years. Content has always been the fundamental driver of success at this Company, whether it has been in the form of a certain good natured mouse or a princess with a snow white complexion or a theme park in an unknown place called Anaheim or a TV show hosted by a fellow named Walt or a resort carved out of swampland in Florida or a mighty lion king or an elegant cruise ship or a sports center or plane crash victims lost on an island or some really desperate housewives.
At Disney, we now have a superb team at all levels that knows how to develop content, market it, distribute it and explore new methods to deliver it. Of course, every piece of content cannot be a home run. Creativity requires risk and risk can be, well, risky. But, by managing our costs and making sure we have some of the best creative minds in the industry, we find we can minimize risk and maximize returns.
Consider some of the great product that is currently flowing through our creative pipelines.
3
At Disney Consumer Products, there are some wonderful projects underway. There’s the incredible Baby EinsteinTM line of products for young children. We purchased Baby Einstein in 2001 for roughly $25 million and in 2004 alone, it generated more operat- ing income than the entire purchase price. This spectacular return on our investment is due to the quality toys and other merchan- dise that are produced under this brand. They are clever and innovative and dance in my mind for future grandchildren.
Consumer Products’ publishing division has also come up with some stellar products...in one case, literally, with Peter and the Starcatchers by Dave Barry and Ridley Pearson, which is the brilliant and suspenseful telling of how Peter Pan, the Lost Boys, Tinker Bell, Captain Hook and all the rest got to Never Land. Also, the action magazine W.I.T.C.H. debuted in 2004 to popular and critical acclaim.
Next year, Disney Publishing will be coming out with Fairy Dust and the Quest for the Egg, by renowned author Gail Carson Levine. We expect this to be more than just an enchanting book, since our plans are to follow it with the creation of a whole new product line, called Disney Fairies. Just as the Disney Princess line has capitalized on the love affair that girls have for our ani- mated royalty, so too will Disney Fairies build on their affinity for Tinker Bell and all of her tiny fairy friends. We believe that, like Disney Princesses, the retail potential is enormous.
The Walt Disney Company and Subsidiaries
7
7
  
  1
Our stage play business, Buena Vista Theatrical Productions, continues to be the gold standard of the Great White Way. I will now abandon all caution and pre-
dict that our winning ways in this business will continue in 2005 with the stage production of Mary Poppins. As I write this, the show has yet to actu-
ally premiere. However, by the time you read this letter, it will have opened in London. They’re still fine-tuning the play, but from what I’ve seen (several rehearsals, plus two pre-London shows in Bristol, England), it is everything you
would hope a live stage production of Mary Poppins would be – charming, magical, sur- prising, i.e. “practically perfect in every way.” In addition to the requisite tea parties on the ceiling, spoonfuls of sugar and steps in time, there are new songs and characters, as one of the great musical films of all time becomes one of the great musical plays. I estimate that
I’ve seen the stage plays of Beauty and the Beast, The Lion King and Aida a total of at least 45 times. I eagerly look forward to extending my record with multiple viewings of this
incredible new Disney production.
Over at Walt Disney Feature Animation, where so much of the entertainment magic is first conjured up, they have completed the transition to digital production. More than 20
remarkable projects are in various phases of development, including a second sequel to Toy Story. The next production will be Chicken Little. As you’ll see, we are bringing our
own original Disney look and feel to the very exciting 3D animation medium.
The Walt Disney Studios has an array of great live-action films underway. In order to maximize shareholder value in the often volatile live-action business, we are aggressively managing our investment levels, developing some eagerly anticipated sequels and, most
significantly, increasing the proportion of Disney-branded films. The advantage of the Disney brand in the film business is enormous. As I write this letter, Disney has the number one and two
films in America during Thanksgiving. Studios often need to hire a major star to “open” a film, at a cost of as much as $20 million or even more. We get much the same advantage by simply releasing a film under
the Disney banner. Millions of people will automatically consider seeing the film because they know it will offer the kind of quality, family-friendly entertainment they’re looking for. In this way, the Disney brand is our “star”. . . and we can use it anytime we want and free of charge. Of course, we have to make
great films that maintain the standards of the Disney name. A brand is still only as strong as the excel- lence of its products. Next year, our “star” brand will be featured on a number of exciting motion pictures, including the adaptation of the modern classic, The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy, a
sequel to the wonderful Love Bug series and an epic film, The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe, based on the immensely popular Chronicles of Narnia series.
Our cable group is creating a whole new brand, called JETIX. Disney Channel is phenomenally successful with families, ‘tweens and
children, and especially with girls. JETIX offers more boy-oriented entertainment and is being featured on Toon Disney and ABC
Family. Plus, the entire Fox Kids international cable operation, which reaches more than 48 million subscribers in Europe and
1 In London’s West End on Dec. 15, 2004, Disney Theatrical Productions and Cameron Mackintosh presented the highly anticipated stage adaptation of Mary Poppins, starring
Laura Michelle Kelly as the unforgettable – and practically perfect – nanny.
2 In 2004, Kermit
the Frog, Miss Piggy, Gonzo, Fozzie and
their Muppet friends officially joined Mickey Mouse and Winnie the Pooh as part of the Disney family.
    8
 
 Latin America, is being renamed JETIX. The JETIX brand is anchored by Power Rangers, along with a number of original ani- mated shows from our TV Animation group. JETIX should become a major new kids brand, with the potential to benefit the entire Company, from Consumer Products to Parks and Resorts.
One key acquisition we made in 2004 was the Muppets. Not only is this property a perfect fit for Disney, it also demonstrates how we believe in making acquisitions at the right price, not at any price. This was exemplified by our purchase of Baby Einstein and was certainly the case with the Muppets. A few years ago, the Muppets were available at a price several times what we ended up paying. At that time, we passed and waited patiently for the cost to come down. Now we have them at a cost that we feel confident will result in a good return on investment in the years to come. Our first production with Kermit and his pals is Muppets’ Wonderful Wizard of Oz, coming in the spring on ABC’s Wonderful World of Disney. This will be just the first of what we expect will be many new Muppet productions that should be pop- ping up on television, in theaters and at our theme parks...maybe even one day on Broadway. First there was Mickey. Then there was Winnie the Pooh. Now there will be Kermit, the third in a series of warm, friendly and optimistic universal characters.
If you see a pattern here, you are correct. Whether it’s the Muppets or JETIX or Peter and the Starcatchers or Mary Poppins or Chicken Little or Disney Fairies, we continually have the ability to take great content from one medium and adapt it to other distribution platforms, increasing its exposure, relevance, value and (sorry, this isn’t really a technical term, but it’s true...) fun.
2
This is what we do at Disney. We did it during the challenging years, adding to the Company’s storehouse of value, and we con- tinue to do it now, as major economic indicators are pointing up.
The net result over time is growth for you, the owners of this Company. Of course, every year won’t feature 72% earnings growth, but I feel confident that your Company is on the right track, and, more importantly, I feel confident that the Cast and employees of your Company will keep it on the right track for years to come.
Disney is a company for the ages that, thanks to the creative spirit, manages to remain eternally young.
Thank you for making the magic possible.
Michael D. Eisner,
Chief Executive Officer, The Walt Disney Company November 25, 2004
        9
 