 Dear Shareholders,
Fiscal 2011 was a year of great accomplishment for The Walt Disney Company, marked by creativity and innovation across our businesses globally, record financial results and numerous important steps to position the Company for the future.
While 2011 brought us so much to cheer about, it was also marked by profound loss, with the passing of Steve Jobs. Steve’s incredible stewardship of Pixar, and his decision to sell Pixar to Disney in 2006, brought Steve into the Disney family, as a board member, a shareholder, a mentor, and a friend, and we were so lucky for all that he represented and all that he contributed.
Disney, ESPN, ABC, Pixar, and Marvel are an amazing collection of brands that grow stronger every day as new platforms and new markets provide enormous new opportunities for high quality content and experiences. To that end, we are fortunate to have a talented group of employees who are committed day in and day out to building our brands around the world.
Since becoming President and CEO in 2005, I have focused on three strategic priorities: creating high-quality family content, making experiences more memorable and accessible through innovative technology, and growing internationally. In fiscal 2011, net income attributable to Disney was a record $4.8 billion, an increase of 21% over last year, and revenue was a record $40.9 billion, up 7% from last year. Diluted earnings per share increased by 24% to a record $2.52. I’m particularly gratified by our outstanding performance in fiscal 2011, given the challenging global economic environment.
Our financial and capital strength has allowed us to make important near and long term investments, two of the most significant being Pixar and Marvel. Animation is the heart and soul of Disney, and since becoming part of the Company nearly six years ago, Pixar has greatly advanced Disney’s animation studio with incredible creativity and technological innovation as well as bringing us beloved new characters, magical stories, and an unprecedented number of hit movies. With Iron Man, Thor and Captain America, we have just begun to mine Marvel’s rich roster of characters and stories, and leverage them across our businesses to create all-important franchises.
We’ve made significant long-term investments in our parks and resorts, enhancing and expanding guests’ experiences. In 2012, several of those investments in new lands and attractions are opening, including Disney California Adventure’s Cars Land where guests will journey to the 12-acre Radiator Springs. Like World of Color, which opened in 2010, we believe Cars Land will be a huge draw. This spring, we will also launch the Disney Fantasy, the sister ship to the Disney Dream, which has been extremely popular since making its maiden voyage a year ago. The Disney Fantasy is an exciting addition to our fleet, which has set a new standard in the cruise industry providing outstanding high-quality service and memorable experiences.
We are pleased with the successful opening of our redesigned Disney Stores, which have been transformed into an immersive, interactive experience with our cherished characters, classic stories and unmatched brands at new and renovated locations worldwide. We are also becoming an integral part of new parents’ lives providing important information, entertainment, and nursery necessities through the launch of disneybaby.com as well as through our recent acquisition of the premiere parent blogging site, Babble, and the 2012 opening of a pilot Disney Baby retail store.
For nearly 90 years, Disney has been dedicated to creating timeless stories that can be enjoyed and treasured by audiences everywhere. One of our most popular franchises, Pirates of the Caribbean, returned to the theaters last year with the fourth installment, On Stranger Tides, and became Disney’s fourth film to surpass the billion-dollar mark. Cars 2, Tangled, and two Marvel epics, Thor and Captain America: The First Avenger, also dazzled audiences. Opening weekend was a big success for The Muppets, the first theatrical release in 12 years for Kermit and Miss Piggy. And nearly 20 years after its debut, last fall’s extraordinarily successful re-release of The Lion King in 3D reminded us of the magic of Disney storytelling and how it touches people’s lives generation after generation.
1
January 2012

This March, the action adventure film John Carter from Oscar®-award winner Andrew Stanton who directed Wall-E and Finding Nemo will hit theaters. It will be followed by the highly-anticipated, The Avengers, the first Marvel film being marketed and distributed by Disney. The Avengers brings together six iconic Marvel superheroes including Iron Man, the Incredible Hulk and Black Widow, and has already generated tremendous buzz. Two new animated features debut in 2012, starting in June with Disney-Pixar’s Brave, featuring a feisty heroine on a grand adventure in the Scottish highlands. Then, in November, Disney Animation Studios brings us, Wreck-It Ralph, a journey across the arcade through every generation of video games.
We’re really proud of our two new ABC-owned hit dramas, Once Upon A Time and Revenge, as well as the continued phenomenal success of the Emmy®-award winning Modern Family and a new breakout comedy, Suburgatory. We couldn’t be more pleased that the top entertainment destination for kids and tweens is again Disney Channel, with record viewership for fiscal 2011 and original programming including the No. 1 animated series, Phineas and Ferb, for kids and tweens.
Through rapidly-evolving technology, we are enhancing the quality of our storytelling and personalizing entertainment experiences while expanding our reach exponentially across brands and businesses.
ESPN, the worldwide leader in sports programming, continues to maximize the use of new digital platforms, allowing fans to watch must-see sporting events including NFL games, Wimbledon, the Indy 500, college sports and cricket on multiple devices, including our groundbreaking real time viewing application, “WatchESPN.” In fact, 70 percent of users seeking sports content on mobile devices rely on ESPN for live sports, entertainment, expert commentary, news and stats. As its digital reach continues to expand, ESPN had its most-watched fiscal year with its array of sports programming while also reaching international markets with live events from the UK and Australia to India and Latin America.
Technology is transforming almost every aspect of our businesses. As the leading children’s publisher, Disney Publishing Worldwide grew its e-book business threefold over the past year by transporting timeless Disney characters like Winnie the Pooh from the printed page to immersive stories online. And Disney’s innovative technology makes a raceway out of an iPad when paired with miniature Lightning McQueen and Mater vehicles, creating a magical way to further interact with Cars characters. We are also excited about our Disney.com/YouTube partnership creating new online video entertainment, providing fun high-quality family entertainment and allowing us to connect more deeply with our fans.
There has never been a better time to be in the content business than now, particularly in populous, developing countries where the middle class is growing rapidly, has more discretionary income and is looking for quality family entertainment.
In the last year, we’ve made significant progress in major emerging markets, including Russia and China. In Russia, we launched a free-to-air Disney Channel that will reach 75% of the country’s viewers. Disney Channel has been a critical component of building our brand internationally. With our Russia launch, we will have more than 100 worldwide channels in our Disney Channel portfolio, up from 19 a decade ago.
With more than 1.3 billion people, China is an important and growing market and an exciting opportunity for us. We continue to see strength in our licensing and publishing business, and we are growing our very successful English language teaching program. We recently opened Toy Story Land at Hong Kong Disneyland, and two more lands will be unveiled soon, making the park an even more attractive family destination. Our most significant development in China is the Shanghai Disney Resort, which will give us a major footprint with two themed hotels, recreational facilities and the tallest, most immersive and interactive castle ever to be built at a Disney park. Construction on the 963-acre site is off to a great start, and Imagineers are deep into the design of the Magic Kingdom-style park, which promises to be authentically Disney and distinctly Chinese.
Disney’s future rests not only with the wonderful stories we tell and the experiences we create but with how we do business to make lasting positive change. Since March 2008, when we published our first Corporate Citizenship Report, we have made significant progress on ambitious environmental goals to reduce the Company’s direct impact on carbon emissions, water resources and ecosystems. We’ve also made great strides in our commitment to encourage healthy eating for children by associating our beloved characters with snacks and foods with high nutritional standards
2

as well as providing wholesome options on kids’ menus at our parks. I’m also very proud of our work with military families in keeping with our long legacy of supporting the armed services. We’ve also put additional focus on our commitment to foster safe and respectful workplaces wherever we do business, and we released the Company’s Human Rights Policy statement. We believe our citizenship efforts make the Company a more desirable place to work, strengthen our brands and our bonds with customers worldwide, and add to shareholder value.
Disney is well positioned to meet the challenges of the fast-changing media and entertainment space with our energized, dedicated employees. As the Company grows globally, we are also becoming more diverse reflecting our consumers and our markets. I’m confident that a more diverse Disney will open up countless new opportunities for us to provide unique entertainment experiences across our great brands and in new regions of the world.
We, as a company, have been very fortunate to have a strong board of directors who bring their considerable experience to promoting the delivery of long-term value at Disney. I want to take this opportunity to thank our chairman, John Pepper, for his excellent counsel and his support of our people and strategy for the last five and a half years. John has decided to retire from the board after our annual meeting in March, and I will miss working with him. His impeccable integrity, and knowledge and appreciation of Disney have been invaluable to me and the Company.
I also want to thank former board member John Bryson for his many contributions and support of our strategy for nearly 12 years and we wish him much success as U.S. Commerce Secretary.
Lastly, I mentioned the loss of Steve Jobs earlier in this letter, and I want to end it by sharing a few things I learned from Steve.
Like Walt Disney, Steve had an expectation of excellence. He had obsessively high standards and he never accepted the merely good; he only accepted insanely great. He believed success came from collaboration, and great things in business were never done by one person. He thought deeply about everything and never rushed important matters. He would urge me to focus on what counts. He believed what mattered most was “great ideas and great people.”
On behalf of all of us who work at Disney, I want you to know that we are all committed to excellence, creating insanely great family entertainment and focusing on what counts to deliver incredible entertainment experiences and shareholder value. Thank you for your support and confidence in us.
Robert A. Iger
President and Chief Executive Officer The Walt Disney Company
 3
