           Dear Shareholders,
From the first day in this job I’ve understood what an honor and responsibility it is to be Disney’s CEO; but over the last nine years I’ve come to truly appreciate what an unbelievable privilege it is to lead this phenomenal company. It’s always been my belief that, once the people who work here believed in their own greatness, there was virtually nothing we couldn’t accomplish. And they have proven me right time and time again. Given our track record of achievement and the incredibly dynamic times we live in, I can honestly say I’ve never been more optimistic or enthusiastic about what lies ahead for The Walt Disney Company.
We just delivered the best results in the history of this legendary company, marking our fourth fiscal year of record performance in a row, and our stock price has recently been trading higher than ever, which speaks to our sustained success as well as our optimism and belief in Disney’s potential to keep growing and creating value over the long term.
Our Studio delivered some of the biggest movies of 2014, and surpassed $4 billion in global box office for the second year in a row. Our Parks and Resorts continued to push the boundaries of creativity and innovation to take the guest experience to a whole new level of excellence, achieving record worldwide attendance and delivering double-digit earnings growth.
ESPN further strengthened its claim to the number one sports brand with long-term rights deals for the best in sports and the launch of a new SEC network into 70 million homes. ABC emerged stronger than ever with its most successful season in recent memory, driven in part by great shows from our own ABC Studios, and ABC News once again outperformed the competition and set the standard of excellence for broadcast journalism. Disney Consumer Products leveraged 11 branded franchises driving more than a billion dollars each in retail sales to generate double-digit earnings growth, and the popularity of Disney Infinity and new mobile games led our Interactive business to profitability.
Disney was also widely recognized as one of the world’s most admired and respected companies, an achievement I’m especially proud of because it reflects more than just our strong performance. It speaks to our integrity and unwavering commitment to act ethically and operate responsibly wherever we do business. For us, doing good is essential to doing well. We know that being a good global citizen is what you expect from our brand and, just as importantly, it’s something we expect from ourselves.
We’ve reached this level of sustained success by focusing on three strategic priorities that unlock the limitless potential of this remarkable company: unparalleled creativity, innovative technology, and global expansion. Since embracing this strategy nine years ago, Disney has delivered some of the world’s most extraordinary entertainment experiences as well as significant growth and a total shareholder return of 317%.
The acquisitions of Pixar, Marvel, and Lucasfilm gave us more than an unprecedented portfolio of fantastic branded content. They also brought some incredibly innovative storytellers to Disney, who’ve served as catalysts to expand our creativity in new directions.
Our international teams have done a great job expanding our presence in new markets, staying true to our brand values while ensuring our content is accessible and relevant to consumers around the world. Our historic investment in Shanghai is the largest example of this in action; our resort and The Walt Disney Company in China are both authentically Disney, yet distinctly Chinese.
In the last several years, technology has become a true game changer, elevating our creativity and expanding our ability to connect with consumers in every corner of the world.
One of the reasons I’ve always loved the media and entertainment business is because it is constantly evolving, influencing the world as it redefines itself with each new advance in technology. It’s what first drew me to ABC, and what keeps me even more engaged and enthusiastic 40 years later. In fact, there has been more transformational change in the last five years than in the first 35 years of my career combined.
We’re successfully navigating this rapid evolution because we decided early on to embrace technology and the disruptive change it brings as an opportunity for growth rather than a threat. As a result, we’re driving change on a number of fronts, adopting and developing technology that inspires creativity and empowers storytellers to dream bigger. They, in turn,

challenge our technologists to push beyond what’s possible today and unleash even more creative potential, allowing us to create a future unlimited by anything other than our own imagination.
I can’t think of a single one of our businesses that isn’t being fundamentally influenced or transformed by new technology – from tools giving artists the ability to individually animate thousands of unique snow crystals in Frozen, to MagicBands that change how millions of our guests experience Disney World, to digital platforms that allow us all to take movies, TV shows, and even news and live sports coverage with us wherever we go.
The result of all this new technology is a brand new golden age for content. And with our unparalleled pipeline of global franchises and branded content from Disney, Pixar, Marvel, Star Wars, ABC and ESPN, I’m confident The Walt Disney Company is uniquely well positioned for continued growth in this dynamic era.
Our Studio is a perfect example. In Fiscal 2014 we released four of the year’s biggest movies: Marvel’s Captain America: The Winter Soldier and Guardians of the Galaxy, Disney’s Maleficent, and Disney Animation’s Frozen, which achieved almost $1.3 billion in global box office, making it the highest grossing animated movie ever released.
We’re already off to a strong start in Fiscal 2015, with Big Hero 6 and Into the Woods. In March we’ll bring one of Disney’s most beloved characters to life in a new way for a new generation with our first-ever live-action Cinderella, and you can also look forward to seeing George Clooney in Tomorrowland this May.
I can’t wait for you to see Pixar’s Inside Out. It opens in June and it’s one of the most brilliant and original movies Pixar has ever made – which is truly saying something, given the studio’s legendary achievements. We’re also very excited about the Thanksgiving release of The Good Dinosaur, another original movie from the phenomenal storytellers at Pixar, as well as Finding Dory, the long-awaited sequel to Finding Nemo, and Disney Animation’s Zootopia in 2016. And we’re absolutely thrilled that John Lasseter is returning to the director’s chair to create a fourth Toy Story movie, bringing back some of his favorite characters in a brand new big screen adventure.
Since joining Disney, Marvel’s brand of storytelling has an unbroken record of success – the five movies we’ve distributed so far have averaged almost a billion each at the global box office, and we’ll bring you another 11 incredible stories over the next four years. Fans expect Marvel movies to be spectacular entertainment experiences and, having seen some of the upcoming releases, I’m certain they won’t be disappointed. This May, Marvel’s Avengers will be back in Avengers: Age of Ultron, and we’ll follow that with the debut of Ant-Man in July.
Captain America returns in 2016, followed by the introduction of Doctor Strange; and like Marvel fans everywhere, we’re looking forward to Thor: Ragnarok in 2017, along with the second Guardians of the Galaxy and the debut of Black Panther. The excitement continues in 2018, with Captain Marvel, Inhumans, and Avengers: Infinity War (Part I), and we’ll finish the Infinity War story with Part II in 2019.
We are well aware that for many Star Wars fans the first 11 months of 2015 will be little more than a countdown to the December 18th release of Star Wars: The Force Awakens. It’s really impossible to capture the full magnitude of the global excitement around this movie. As you know, we released a very brief “teaser” trailer at Thanksgiving – which was quickly downloaded more than 110 million times. The more than 40 million tribute videos that fans posted in response in just a matter of days reflect an emotional connection to this franchise that transcends geography and generations.
As one of the few people allowed to visit the set during filming....and one of the fewer who’s seen most of the footage... I can assure the millions of Star Wars fans who have spent the last decade hoping for a new movie this one will be worth the wait. And it’s only the beginning of a new era of exceptional Star Wars storytelling; next year we’ll release our first standalone movie based on these characters, followed by Star Wars: Episode VIII in 2017, and we’ll finish this trilogy with Episode IX in 2019.
In 2014, ESPN celebrated its 35th anniversary and, with an extraordinary portfolio of long-term rights, we’re confident it will continue to be the worldwide leader in sports for many years to come. From the NFL, NBA, and Major League Baseball to the SEC, ACC, Pac-12, Big 12, Wimbledon, and U.S. Open Tennis -- if it’s important to sports fans, it’s on ESPN. ESPN kicked off the new year with the first-ever College Football Playoff – and, in true ESPN fashion, gave fans even more than they’d hoped for with an innovative “Megacast” serving up fantastic game coverage a dozen different ways across an assortment of convenient platforms. Football fans responded in unprecedented numbers; the semifinals set a cable ratings record, which was immediately smashed when more than 33.4 million fans -- the largest audience in the history of cable
2

television -- tuned in for the National Championship. What a great way to start a new annual tradition, and it certainly bodes well for the future of this fantastic event.
And I am proud to say that ABC was the only major network to grow its audience year-over-year in the critical November sweeps, and also has bragging rights to 6 of the top 15 entertainment shows on broadcast television this season. At ABC News, Good Morning America remains the nation’s favorite morning show and, since its September debut, the audience for World News with David Muir continues to grow.
Disney Channel is a powerful daily touchstone for the Disney brand in hundreds of millions of homes worldwide; and preschoolers and parents alike are embracing Disney Junior’s storytelling, making characters like Sofia the First and Doc McStuffins household names and valuable franchises for our company.
In addition to creating quality content, we are committed to experimenting, innovating, and leading the way onto new platforms to put our content within easy reach of viewers wherever they are, whenever they watch, and on whatever new device comes next.
The powerful combination of technology and creativity has always been integral to Disney Parks and Resorts, allowing us to create immersive experiences that bring guests into their favorite stories. One of the best parts of my job is the chance to spend time with Imagineers and other innovators discussing the possibilities ahead for our parks. The incredible technology we’re developing today opens up even more opportunities to enhance that experience with fantastic attractions that engage all the senses and take the storytelling to a whole new level.
I wish I could give you a glimpse of the amazing wonders we’re bringing to life for our guests – especially in our new park in Shanghai and expansion in Orlando -- but it’s simply too soon to share. All I can say right now is: prepare to be even more amazed.
Our new attractions are already delighting guests in Hong Kong and Tokyo, and we’ve got more developments on the way to make these resorts even more spectacular. And as we prepare to celebrate the 60th anniversary of Disneyland – the park that started it all – it’s wonderful to see millions of guests having more fun than ever since we transformed Disney California Adventure with Cars Land and other world-class attractions.
Disney World broke attendance records this year, as our guests enjoyed the enhanced and expanded Fantasyland and embraced the chance to personalize their experience with MyMagic+. Almost 10 million guests have sported our MagicBands, unlocking a new level of convenience and having more fun in the parks, and they overwhelmingly say the experience is “excellent.”
We’re closer than ever to welcoming our first guests at our Shanghai Disney Resort. This resort is very meaningful to me personally; I’ve spent 15 years working with incredibly talented people to take it from an ambitious idea into what we believe will be one of the most spectacular Disney experiences yet and an important part of our future.
It’s been thrilling to watch this extraordinary dream rise from the ground toward the sky. With each milestone in our progress it becomes even more evident that this resort will exceed even our wildest expectations. The castle alone is cause for awe. It’s the largest we’ve ever built and, having seen it up close, I can tell you the size and majesty is truly breathtaking. And that’s just one single element in what will be one of the most artistically and technologically complex resorts we’ve ever created.
Our Consumer Products team is also combining next-generation technology with Disney’s creativity to elevate storytelling for a new generation, transforming the merchandising, retail, and publishing industries in the process. Our Consumer Products division had record performance in Fiscal 2014, with a bit of help from the unprecedented success of Frozen. This story certainly captured the world’s imagination, along with our hearts, and the global demand for these beloved characters continues to grow. During the holiday season Frozen outpaced previous sales records in several categories; the franchise is so powerful, one Elsa doll alone generated retail sales of $26 million in the U.S.
Every day, I have the great honor of working with the 180,000 talented cast members and employees around the world who constantly push the envelope of excellence to make Disney everything it is today. We share a passion for this extraordinary company, as well as a belief in its greatness and an unbridled excitement for the future ahead of us. They deserve the highest praise, and will always have my sincere gratitude.
3

On behalf of everyone at The Walt Disney Company, I thank you for your continued support and assure you that we will continue to challenge ourselves to set the standard for excellence in family entertainment, to make a positive impact as a corporate citizen of the world, and to earn your trust and respect every day not only for what we achieve, but for how we do it.
Sincerely,
Robert A. Iger
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer The Walt Disney Company
 4
