           10DEC201400361461
Dear Shareholders,
The Force was definitely with us this year! Fiscal 2015 was another triumph across the board in terms of creativity and innovation as well as financial performance. For the fifth year in a row, The Walt Disney Company delivered record results with revenue, net income and earnings per share all reaching historic highs once again.
It’s an impressive winning streak that speaks to our continued leadership in the entertainment industry, the incredible demand for our brands and franchises, and the special place our storytelling has in the hearts and lives of millions of people around the world. All of which is even more remarkable when you remember that Disney first started entertaining audiences almost a century ago.
The world certainly looks a lot different than it did when Walt Disney first opened shop in 1923, and so does the company that bears his name. Our company continues to evolve with each generation, mixing beloved characters and storytelling traditions with grand new experiences that are relevant to our growing global audience.
Even though we’ve been telling our timeless stories for generations, Disney maintains the bold, ambitious heart of a company just getting started in a world full of promise. And it’s getting stronger through strategic acquisitions like Pixar, Marvel and Lucasfilm that continue to bring new creative energy across the company as well as the constructive disruptions of this dynamic digital age that unlock new opportunities for growth.
Our willingness to challenge the status quo and embrace change is one of our greatest strengths, especially in a media market rapidly transforming with each new technology or consumer trend. We’re inspired and energized by the opportunities in this dynamic era, especially given our unparalleled pipeline of creative content and collection of world- class media brands — ABC, Disney, and ESPN — which allow us to navigate the changing landscape strategically and effectively.
Nothing reflects our audacious ambition better than the phenomenal resurgence of Star Wars since we acquired Lucasfilm three years ago. We were determined to write a future for the Star Wars franchise that would connect with this new generation and all the ones that follow, while staying true to the soul of the storytelling that has enraptured devoted fans for decades.
The results have been nothing short of spectacular. With the perfect blend of familiar faces and a brilliant cast of new characters to carry the story forward, our first feature film in the franchise, Star Wars: The Force Awakens opened to huge acclaim and even bigger audiences. As I write, this movie has already become the highest grossing movie in U.S. history and global box office is more than $1.7 billion and growing. Not bad for a first try! And it’s only the beginning of a new era of fantastic storytelling in this franchise. Our first stand-alone Star Wars movie, Rogue One, is the most anticipated movie of 2016, a full 11 months before its release, and we’ve begun work on Episode VIII of the Star Wars saga for release in 2017.
The impact of our Star Wars success is already evident across the company. Star Wars mobile games are drawing unprecedented audiences, the release of EA’s Star Wars Battlefront was the biggest video game release in Star Wars history, and the incredible demand for new merchandise based on The Force Awakens helped make the holidays a lot happier for retailers. We’re just beginning to explore the opportunities for long-term growth of this franchise across generations and lines of business, including adding new Star Wars themed lands in Disneyland and Walt Disney World.
It’s hard to believe that it’s been 60 years since Walt proudly opened the gates of Disneyland. It was an ambitious dream even for such a renowned visionary, one that has grown far beyond the gates of the original Magic Kingdom to capture the imagination of the world, entertain billions of people, and earn affection and appreciation across continents and cultures.

This spring we’re bringing that dream to Mainland China with the grand opening of our spectacular new Shanghai Disney Resort. This authentically Disney, distinctly Chinese destination is one of the most extraordinarily creative and innovative projects in the history of our company, which makes it the perfect way to introduce the people of China to everything Disney is today and build our future together.
This resort is personally very special to me, since I’ve been involved from the earliest days of planning. We’ve spent the better part of 20 years working to bring this grand vision to life, to create a one-of-a-kind world-class experience to inspire joy and wonder in the hearts of all who enter. Now that construction is almost complete and all the major structures and landmarks are in place, the reality is even better than we could have ever imagined. We can’t wait to show it to the world and share it with the people of China for generations to come.
I often talk about what an unbelievable privilege it is to lead this phenomenal company, not only because of the unprecedented collection of brands and content, but because I get to work with so many extraordinary people. I
stepped into this role convinced that the best days of this company were still ahead of us. A decade later I’m even more excited and optimistic about our future, and I hope you are too.
Sincerely,
           Robert A. Iger
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer The Walt Disney Company
11JAN201619580193
2
