DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,
As Discovery Communications celebrates our 25th anniversary in 2010, we are proud to report that the state of the company is strong and we are well positioned to deliver value for our shareholders by building upon our mission of satisfying curiosity and making a difference as the world’s number one nonfiction media company.
This past year, in the face of the most challenging economic environment in a generation, Discovery was able to increase top-line revenue and diligently cut costs, leading to double-digit adjusted OIBDA and free cash flow growth.
Overall, for the year, total revenue increased 2% to $3,516 million, primarily driven by 4% growth at U.S. Networks and 3% growth at International Networks. Despite the challenging economy, Discovery was able to grow revenue every quarter in 2009. Adjusted OIBDA in 2009 increased 12% to $1,464 million led by 8% growth at U.S. Networks and 16% growth at International Networks. Adding to these accomplishments, Discovery Communications also was named to FORTUNE magazine’s list of the “World’s Most Admired Companies.” Discovery ranked #2 in the Entertainment Industry, demonstrating the strength of our brand, workforce and leadership.
Discovery’s success in 2009 was a testament to the company’s strong execution, as well as the fundamental strategic advantages that we believe will contribute to expanded growth in 2010. These include:
Balanced and Diverse Revenue Streams
Nearly 50% of Discovery’s revenue is generated from recurring subscriber fees through multi-year contractual relationships with our distribution partners. This long-cycle revenue provides top-line sturdiness and helps insulate the company from choppy and difficult environments, such
as we experienced this past year. Importantly, Discovery’s revenue is also geographically diverse with more than one third generated outside of the U.S., including many of the fastest-growing pay-TV markets in the world.
For 2009, Discovery U.S. networks capitalized on the escalators embedded in our affiliate contracts, as well as the 5% expansion of the subscriber base primarily from further penetration of our digital networks, to deliver
6% affiliate revenue growth. Internationally, Discovery’s networks leveraged the continued secular growth trends of pay-TV around the globe to expand its subscriber base and deliver 9% affiliate revenue growth, excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations.
Given the opportunities to further expand Discovery’s leadership overseas, near the end of 2009, we announced that 18-year veteran Mark Hollinger would assume total oversight of our international businesses. Elevating this function and placing it in the hands of one of our most experienced and capable leaders demonstrates our commitment and steadfast approach to expanding both our international revenues and margins.
Brand Strength and Ratings Momentum
Another advantage for Discovery in 2009 was the strength of the company’s brand portfolio and our investment in high-quality content. In the U.S., every one of Discovery’s rated channels grabbed additional viewers in 2009 and ratings for the portfolio as a whole grew in every quarter. Primetime ratings delivery across Discovery’s domestic networks was up 8% among key demographics in 2009. This ratings strength enabled Discovery to post U.S. advertising revenue growth of 2% in 2009, despite the weak ad market.
Helping to drive this growth was strong performance at TLC, which had its highest audience in five years and is now a top 10 network for women with 10 shows averaging over one million total viewers. Animal Planet also performed strongly, increasing its viewership 16% among adults
25-54 and delivering its best ratings in six years. Finally, Investigation Discovery (ID) has grown its target audience nearly 200% since its January 2008 debut. All of these networks continue to perform strongly year-to-date in 2010.
Similarly, the international networks experienced double-digit viewership increases in 2009 across EMEA,
Latin America and Asia-Pacific, which translated into 10% advertising growth, excluding foreign currency. This momentum positions the company to capture an even larger share of international advertising revenue as local economies around the world continue to improve in 2010.
With a goal of super-charging our brands and marketing and accelerating our ratings momentum, we recruited Peter
  
Liguori, one of the best marketing minds and programming talents in the industry, to serve as Chief Operating Officer. Already, Peter’s creative leadership is taking hold, as evidenced by the company’s first-ever cross-network simulcast of the premiere episode of LIFE, the follow-up series to PLANET EARTH, across seven of our U.S. networks, with an additional six HD simulcasts.
Operating Flexibility and Cost Management
The final strategic advantage that boosted Discovery in 2009 was the company’s operating flexibility and stringent focus on reducing our cost structure. Throughout the year, the company took significant steps to restructure the workforce, refine marketing spending and reduce research costs, while continuing to invest in quality content for our networks.
The net result of these efforts was a 2% reduction in operating expenses, with programming investments
more than offset by reductions in SG&A spending.
When combined with revenue growth, this resulted
in real operating leverage with our operating margins expanding to 42%. In the year ahead, we plan to further invest in our brands and original content, but the focus will remain on success-based investment that generates
a return. As a result, we expect margins to continue to rise driven primarily by revenue expansion and a focus on maintaining a stable cost base, rather than largely through cost reductions.
Looking Toward the Future
We also moved aggressively this past year to better position Discovery for long-term growth. The highest profile of these initiatives was the continuing preparation for the January 1, 2011, launch of OWN: THE OPRAH WINFREY NETWORK. In early 2010, OWN announced five series that will be part of the network’s initial slate, including a behind-the-scenes series featuring Oprah Winfrey that will document the last season of The Oprah Winfrey Show.
Additionally, in 2009, Discovery formed a joint venture with Hasbro to launch a new children’s and family entertainment network, The Hub, in 2010, on what
is currently Discovery Kids. Discovery also invested
in organic growth with successful new brands like Investigation Discovery, with the goal of capitalizing on our U.S. distribution strength with meaningful brands that can sustain long-term growth.
Lastly, at the beginning of 2010, Discovery announced
a partnership with Sony and IMAX to launch the first 24-hour 3D television network. This announcement was
a continuation of Discovery’s long heritage of innovation, which began with the launch of Discovery Channel in 1985, the first suite of digital cable networks in 1996 and the first 24-hour HD channel in 2002.
This past year was challenging, but ultimately made the company stronger, as Discovery delivered on expectations, achieved real growth, outperformed our peers and strengthened our brand portfolio to set the stage for the next generation of growth. As we head into 2010, in what we anticipate will be an improved operating environment, we believe strongly that the company’s sustained ratings momentum, distribution strength and the leaner cost structure position Discovery to deliver another strong performance in the year ahead.
Thank you for your continued support.
        John S. Hendricks David M. Zaslav Founder and Chairman President and Chief
Executive Officer
DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS 2009 ANNUAL REPORT
    