 DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,
Discovery Communications marked its 25th anniversary in 2010 and we are proud to report the company had another strong year. We leveraged a deep and broad slate of quality content across our worldwide distribution platforms and continued to focus on our founding mission of satisfying viewers’ innate curiosity.
Throughout the year, Discovery delivered consistent and diverse growth, with both domestic and international networks delivering advertising and distribution increases, while demonstrating real operating leverage. The result was 9% top line revenue growth, double-digit adjusted OIBDA growth, and margin expansion to 45%. Importantly, we were able to generate these strong returns while simultaneously positioning the company for future growth by continuing to strategically invest in our content and brands around the globe.
The company continued to see strong results from our largest revenue engines, the Discovery Channel and TLC, and our extensive International business, which includes 140 networks in over 180 countries around the world. Throughout the year, we also made significant progress in further developing our next generation of growth assets with ratings and advertising gains
at our emerging US networks, including Animal Planet, Investigation Discovery and the Science Channel.
Overall, the domestic audience growth
this past year at our flagship networks, combined with the rapid expansion
of our emerging networks, resulted in primetime delivery growth across our US networks of 7% among our core adult 25-54 demographic, while the rest of cable, as well as broadcast, were down slightly.
In addition, we executed on the launches
of three joint ventures, The Hub and OWN: Oprah Winfrey Network, with our partners at Hasbro Inc. and Harpo Inc., respectively. And, in February 2011, we debuted 3net, our 3D joint venture with Sony Corporation and IMAX Corporation. No other media company matched Discovery’s accomplishment of launching three new brands in the course of a year.
Finally, our strong performance and financial position also enabled us to begin returning capital to shareholders with the repurchase of over $600 million in stock.
Specifically, the accomplishments in 2010 that position us to continue delivering sustained growth and shareholder value in 2011 included:
DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS

   Our US flagship Discovery Channel delivered viewership growth in primetime in
2010 among its key 25-54 demographic.
Perennial hits SHARK WEEK, DEADLIEST CATCH, STORM CHASERS and SWAMP LOGGERS all delivered their best seasons ever. Discovery Channel also saw strong performance in 2010 from existing franchises MAN VS. WILD, MYTHBUSTERS and DIRTY JOBS, and sophomore hits DUAL SURVIVAL and MAN, WOMAN, WILD.
In addition, Discovery Channel built a significant pipeline of new series that began premiering toward the end of the year, and will continue to debut throughout 2011. Early successes that are attracting large audiences include AUCTION KINGS and GOLD RUSH: ALASKA. In fact, GOLD RUSH: ALASKA was the highest rated
new series on Discovery since DEADLIEST CATCH and was the #1 show on all of television on Friday nights for men in January and February 2011.
This success, along with other strong premieres, including FLYING WILD ALASKA and SONS OF GUNS, made January
2011 the second best January ever for Discovery in primetime among men with viewership up 11%. February growth was even stronger. Going forward, with a robust slate of 25 new series set to debut, we are confident that 2011 will be a strong year for the network.
 2010 ANNUAL REPORT

 TLC, the company’s second US flagship, recorded numerous wins in 2010.
During the year, TLC firmly established itself as a top 10 network in all female demographics with 31 series averaging over one million viewers.
Established hits, such as SAY YES TO
THE DRESS, CAKE BOSS and POLICE WOMEN, continued to perform well and were leveraged to create multi-program franchises with additional extensions in new categories and cities. With a multitude of returning viewer favorites, such as WHAT NOT TO WEAR, THE LITTLE COUPLE and TODDLERS AND TIARAS, special events such as SARAH PALIN’S ALASKA, and new successes like SISTER WIVES
and DC CUPCAKES, TLC created a deep and diverse programming lineup that resonated with the network’s core female demographic.
Much like Discovery, with a stable of established hits and a promising slate ahead, TLC is poised to build on its ratings strength and deliver increased advertising revenue in 2011, and will remain a key priority for the company.
Also, in 2010, TLC went global. We began the international rollout of TLC that is expected to bring the network to more than 100 million subscribers around the world by the end of 2011. This global rollout of TLC will provide Discovery with a valuable female-targeted international flagship
to complement Discovery Channel and further diversify and strengthen the appeal of our portfolio.
   DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS

  At our emerging networks, Investigation Discovery (ID) continued to build on the rapid growth it has achieved since its launch in 2008.
In fact, in 2010, ID was the fastest growing network in all of cable in both viewership and distribution.
ID’s viewership was up 64% among adults 25-54 in 2010, and it ranked among the top 30 ad supported networks for women. Capping off this success, ID achieved a major milestone in the first two months of 2011 when it surpassed the 1.0 household delivery mark for the first time with 14 separate shows, including: ON THE CASE WITH PAULA ZAHN; STOLEN VOICES, BURIED SECRETS and NIGHTMARE NEXT DOOR.
With distribution expected to reach 80 million homes, and sustained ratings momentum, ID is poised to deliver even stronger viewership and advertising growth in 2011. ID remains a key priority for Discovery.
                                                       2010 ANNUAL REPORT

 Animal Planet and Science Channel were also investment priorities for the company.
Driven by investment in new content, Animal Planet saw viewership gains of 7% among adults 25-54 in 2010. Since the more aggressive brand and programming slate was introduced in 2008, the network has steadily become a much broader, more diverse brand, appealing to a wider audience.
WHALE WARS and RIVER MONSTERS, the two highest rated series in Animal Planet history, both delivered double-digit ratings growth in 2010, and the network added three more strong series to its slate with FATAL ATTRACTIONS, ANIMAL HOARDERS and PIT BULLS AND PAROLEES.
Animal Planet will remain a key investment priority in 2011 and, with more upcoming titles premiering throughout the year, should continue to expand its audience and advertising revenue.
Similarly, content investment at Science Channel drove viewership up 22% in 2010. This growth was led by the hit series THROUGH THE WORMHOLE WITH MORGAN FREEMAN.
Now in more than 80 countries, Science Channel and the science category overall remain a priority in the year ahead. The channel is poised to continue its growth with strong performing new series like AN IDIOT ABROAD and a full slate of new and returning programming scheduled to premiere throughout 2011.
                                                                                                                                                                        DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS

   2010 ANNUAL REPORT

 Discovery’s International Networks continued to grow audience and reach in 2010.
With 140 networks in over 180 countries around the world, Discovery has one of the most extensive international footprints in the industry, including many emerging markets across Eastern Europe, Asia and Latin America where pay-TV growth is expanding rapidly.
The company’s focus is capitalizing on this growth by investing in new brands and stronger content across our portfolio to deliver a broader and deeper audience proposition. A key part of this initiative
in 2010 was the first phase of a global rollout of TLC as an international female- targeted flagship to complement Discovery Channel. By the end of 2011, we expect TLC will reach 100 million subscribers outside of the US, making it the most widely distributed female lifestyle brand
in media. In addition, we remain focused on expanding our position as a leading provider of HD content around the world. Discovery currently delivers HD channels in more than 100 markets internationally, which provides a distinct advantage as technology and viewer demand grow.
Overall, the investments Discovery has made in our International Networks over the past few years helped to drive audience gains of 11% in 2010, and stronger
content combined with an expanding subscriber base fueled advertising revenue growth of 23%. In the year ahead, as our international market share continues to expand through increased viewership
and reach, the company remains well positioned to deliver strong growth
and a larger share of a growing pool of advertising dollars in the marketplace.
DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS

 2010 also saw the successful launch of two of our joint venture networks, beginning with The Hub in October.
This new children’s and family entertainment brand is a joint venture with Hasbro Inc., and took the place of Discovery Kids in more than 60 million US homes.
Since its debut, The Hub has shown continual growth compared to Discovery Kids and has become the leading co-viewed network for kids age 2-11 and adults 18-49, with more than 30% of kids, on average, watching with an adult.
The Hub continues to build its stable
of original and premiere series. Early strong performer FAMILY GAME NIGHT
on Sundays has been joined by solidly performing series, such as G.I. JOE RENEGADES, RL STINE’S THE HAUNTING HOUR and DAN VS., each of which experienced strong week-over-week audience growth in early 2011.
February 2011 saw the premiere of the eagerly anticipated TRANSFORMERS PRIME CGI-animated series from Hasbro Studios, which debuted as the best ever series premiere on The Hub among households.
In 2011, Discovery will continue to work with Hasbro to grow this asset, build out the programming slate and take a larger share of the lucrative kids’ marketplace.
2010 ANNUAL REPORT

                              Our joint venture OWN: Oprah Winfrey Network made its debut on January 1, 2011.
More than 18 million viewers tuned in during the debut week of OWN, which launched in approximately 80 million US homes. A multi-platform joint venture between Oprah Winfrey and Discovery, OWN is designed to entertain, inform,
and inspire people to live their best lives.
It also includes the award-winning digital platform Oprah.com and the 25-year Harpo programming library.
In its first month, strong performing series on OWN included SEASON 25: OPRAH BEHIND THE SCENES and ASK OPRAH’S ALL STARS featuring popular Oprah guests Dr. Oz, Suze Orman and Dr. Phil. The February 2011 premiere of OUR AMERICA WITH LISA LING also performed strongly and the series has already been renewed for a second season.
OWN has 24 new shows slated to premiere in 2011, as it builds to the fall when Rosie O’Donnell launches a daily series and Oprah Winfrey closes out the final season of “The Oprah Winfrey Show” and begins OPRAH’S NEXT CHAPTER on OWN.
DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS

   Discovery Education continues to be an important strategic priority for the company.
Already the leading provider of broadband educational media to US schools, Discovery Education continued to drive demand for its flagship Discovery Education streaming product in 2010, in addition to launching the Discovery Techbook, a next-generation digital textbook.
Intended to replace traditional textbooks as the new primary instructional resource for elementary schools, the Discovery Education Techbook includes vivid
digital content, a real-time assessment component to measure student progress, and individualized resources that reinforce classroom instruction. The first edition
of the Techbook, the Discovery Education Science Elementary Techbook, has already been adopted by state school systems in Florida, Indiana, Louisiana and Oregon.
The Techbook is part of Discovery’s overall initiative to promote and strengthen science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) education and
meet President Obama’s challenge to bring digital education materials to US classrooms. In 2010, this effort also included the launch of the commercial-free HEAD RUSH educational programming block on Science Channel, as well as
other STEM-focused education curriculum through Discovery Education.
Going forward, Discovery will also be focused on opportunities to expand the reach of its educational content to other markets, including the early 2011 launch of HEAD RUSH in Russia.
2010 ANNUAL REPORT

 Discovery continued its commitment to corporate social responsibility in 2010 through its Discovery Impact programs.
These initiatives are dedicated to making a difference where Discovery employees live and work, including the Discovery Channel Global Education Partnership, a public nonprofit organization that harnesses the power of television in under-resourced schools around the world.
This past year, in honor of Discovery’s
25th anniversary, our global employees began two new traditions designed to give back in their local communities. In June, more than 3,000 Discovery employees in 40 offices around the world participated
in the inaugural Discover Your Impact
Day, a global day of service where they donated their time to more than 150 community projects, such as cleaning up parks, working with children, rehabilitating local schools and volunteering at animal shelters.
This was followed in December by Discovery Impact: Creating Change, where employees lent their creative talents to local nonprofits in need of marketing, communications and creative services during a 12-hour marathon event.
                                                                                            DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS

                 Finally, in February 2011, Discovery extended its heritage of innovation with the launch of 3net, the first fully programmed 3D network in the US.
A joint venture with Sony Corporation and IMAX Corporation, 3net positions Discovery in the forefront of the next-generation of in-home viewing technology and will serve as a critical driver for consumer adoption of in-home 3D entertainment that provides an even “closer to real life” experience.
3net content spans genres including natural history, documentary, action/ adventure, hard travel, history, hyper- reality, lifestyle and cuisine, concerts, movies, scripted series and more.
Leveraging the experience, expertise and resources of three of the world’s leading media, technology and entertainment companies, 3net will continue to debut new content throughout 2011 with plans for the channel to offer viewers the largest library of compelling, native 3D content in the world by the end of the year.
                                                                                2010 ANNUAL REPORT

 Discovery is also well positioned in the year ahead to take advantage of our strong balance sheet.
The company’s financial position was further fortified in 2010 through timely refinancing, as well as free cash flow generation. In 2011, Discovery’s first priority in both the short- and long-term remains re-investing in our brands
and businesses.
Our second priority will be to continue to look for targeted mergers and acquisitions prospects that will allow us to further leverage our existing infrastructure or expand into complementary businesses. We also will look to further return capital to shareholders, as prudent, through our share buyback program.
2010 was a strong year for Discovery and we are excited about the momentum we are generating across our businesses.
Our success this past year was a reflection of the company’s strong execution and
the fundamental strengths of our unique global business model.
Going forward, we will continue to leverage the strength of our business model and focus on creating high quality content
and expanding our market share globally to deliver continued strong operating performance and further enhance shareholder value.
Thank you for your continued support.
John S. Hendricks
Founder and Chairman
David M. Zaslav
President and CEO
DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS
