 Discovery Communications is dedicated to satisfying curiosity and making a difference in people’s lives with the highest quality content, services and products that entertain, engage and enlighten — inviting viewers to explore their world.
DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,
Since first going on the air in 1985, Discovery Communications has been driven by a singular mission: to be the media leader in satisfying curiosity. Our mission is not only a noble calling, but also a strong and sustainable business model.
Beginning with the launch of Discovery Channel as a single U.S. cable network reaching156,000 subscribers, the company has grown to become the world leader in nonfiction media, encompassing more than 100 networks and reaching more than 1.5 billion cumulative subscribers in 170 countries. This extensive brand and platform growth has been driven in large part by the universal nature of Discovery’s mission and the global appeal of our nonfiction content, which resonates across continents, cultures and languages.
On September 18, 2008, Discovery embarked on the next phase of its growth, when a representative group of Discovery executives and on-air personalities gathered in New York City for the company’s first day of trading on the Nasdaq stock exchange. Now, as a public company, Discovery is even better positioned to continue providing the highest quality nonfiction content to its viewers and creating long-term value for its shareholders.
   2
2008 ANNUAL REPORT

 FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REVENUE BALANCE
Discovery Communications reported solid results in 2008 with sustained revenue growth and rapid margin expansion. Overall, annual revenue grew to $3.44 billion, a 10% increase over the as adjusted revenue for 2007, and adjusted Operating Income Before Depreci- ation and Amortization (OIBDA) grew 49% to $1.31 billion, which included the impact of a $139 million content impairment charge from 2007. Excluding the impact of the content impairment charge, adjusted OIBDA increased $216 million or 21% from the previous year. This performance reflected solid growth across both domestic and international markets and advertising and distribution revenue streams. It also reflected our ability to thoughtfully manage our costs to produce significant operating leverage and demonstrate the strength of our business model.
Among Discovery Communications’strengths is the power of its high-quality brand portfolio – led by the most widely distributed television brand in the world, Discovery Channel. The company also benefits from a balance of advertising and long-cycle distribution revenue, with nearly 50% of Discovery’s consolidated revenue in 2008 generated from multi-year distribution agreements providing top-line sturdiness during times of economic fluctuation.
Finally, there is the growth that results from Discovery’s extensive global distribution platform and market diversification, with more than one-third of consolidated revenue derived from markets outside the U.S. With these strategic advantages, Discovery’s management is confident that the company is as well positioned as any media company during this time of economic uncertainty.
2008 ACCOMPLISHMENTS
In 2008, Discovery remained committed to executing on the company’s long-term growth strategy, which includes the following five key areas:
Maintaining Discovery’s focus on creative excellence in nonfiction programming and expanding the portfolio’s brand entitlement by developing compelling content that drives audience growth, builds advertising relationships, has global utility and supports continued distribution revenue on all platforms.
Discovery made significant investments across its portfolio of networks in more new, original programming hours in 2008 that delivered on the brand promise for each network. In the fourth quarter, ratings on Discovery Channel – which debuted 125 premiere hours during the last three months of the year as compared to 72 hours during the same period in 2007 – were up 18% year-over-year in the desirable 18-54 demographic. Similarly, ratings for TLC’s Monday “family night” programming improved 37% with adults in the fourth quarter as new premiere hours debuted, and ratings at Discovery Communications’ third fully distributed U.S. network, Animal Planet, were up every month in 2008 following its February repositioning. This ratings momentum positions the company very well for 2009.
Strengthening Discovery’s leadership position and continuing to grow international operations.
For 2008, Discovery’s international revenue grew by 12% and adjusted OIBDA grew by 52%.
This growth was driven by a 16% increase in international subscribers, including 22% in
Europe, Middle East and Africa, 20% in Latin America and 10% in Asia-Pacific. As Discovery
prepares to celebrate the 20th anniversary of its international business in 2009, the company 3
2008 ANNUAL REPORT

  5
has one of the most extensive footprints in the industry with between two and 12 channels in 170 countries. Leveraging this established distribution platform, Discovery is poised for continued growth in many international markets where pay-TV penetration is under 50%. As pay-TV penetration grows in these markets, Discovery’s portfolio grows with it.
Importantly, the company also made significant strides in recognizing program development synergies between its U.S. and international businesses, with international networks now sourcing approximately 50% of content from Discovery’s U.S. networks. Overall, viewership for the company’s international portfolio grew 7% among adults 25-54 in 2008. The global appeal of Discovery’s nonfiction programming enables the company to continue expanding distribution, building market share and driving international advertising revenue with new in-market sales teams in targeted growth markets.
Realizing the potential of Discovery’s distribution strength in the U.S.
Discovery has one of the broadest distribution platforms of any media company in the U.S. with three channels reaching more than 95 million U.S. subscribers and seven channels reaching between 47 million and 73 million U.S. subscribers. We are focused on leveraging this strength to build additional branded channels and businesses that can sustain long-term growth and occupy a desired programming niche with strong consumer appeal.
Discovery took several steps in 2008 toward enhancing the value and appeal of its emerging networks with the introduction of three new brands targeting underserved niches in the marketplace – Investigation Discovery (ID), which was rebranded from Discovery Times; Planet Green, which evolved from Discovery Home; and the announcement of the plan to convert Discovery Health into OWN: The Oprah Winfrey Network in partnership with Oprah Winfrey.
The June debut of Planet Green was the first-ever launch of a full-time cable network dedicated to the growing interest in sustainable living and the environment, while Investigation Discovery ended the year as the fastest growing non-news, ad-supported network on cable, with double-digit ratings growth every month since its launch. ID is a key new brand leader with global appeal and, as of early 2009, the company has launched ID in the UK, as well as announced plans to launch the brand in Russia, Poland and Turkey.
Extending ownership of nonfiction entertainment and “satisfying curiosity” to all digital media platforms.
Discovery has implemented significant upgrades to its brand-aligned network websites over the past two years, including greatly improved video capabilities and expanded content offerings, which helped to drive a 40% year-over-year increase in average unique monthly visitors during 2008. The company also continues to explore additional opportunities to extend all of its digital brands and leverage its library of high-quality nonfiction content on new platforms through its expanding mobile and on-demand offerings, as well as partnerships with leading digital media companies such as YouTube.
Continuing to improve operating efficiencies and margin expansion.
Excluding the impact of the previously mentioned content impairment charge, Discovery’s adjusted OIBDA margin increased to 38% in 2008 from 28% in 2007. This margin expansion was achieved at the same time that the company was able to increase revenue by 10%, demonstrating Discovery’s operating flexibility, which enables the company to grow its business while efficiently managing expenses and flowing incremental revenue through to the bottom line.
4
2008 ANNUAL REPORT

  Looking Ahead
As we enter 2009, the impact of the ongoing global economic downturn continues to present uncertainties. However, we believe strongly that the power of Discovery’s brands, its global presence and balanced revenue streams, and the steps we have taken to strengthen the company for the long term, make Discovery as well positioned as any during these challenging times.
For the year, the board, management and employees will remain focused on sustaining our investment in new, original programming with global utility, greater efficiency and cost-effectiveness in our operations to fuel that investment, and careful attention to expenses in line with revenue growth. We will also continue to leverage the strength of our global distribution platform to build new brands in the U.S. that target underserved categories and can sustain long-term growth, as well as take advantage of expanding pay-TV penetration around the world.
Overall, we remain dedicated to the guiding principle that has defined Discovery from its beginning: satisfying curiosity with the highest quality content, products and services that invite viewers to explore their world.
Thank you for your continued support.
John S. Hendricks Founder and Chairman
David M. Zaslav
President and Chief Executive Officer
    2008 ANNUAL REPORT
5
