September 22, 2015 Dear DISH Network Shareholder: 2014 was a year in which we saw significant progress as we executed our core DISH business strategy and pursued transformations that will continue to create long-term value. We demonstrated strong operational results in fiscal year 2014 despite challenging industry developments, such as consolidation among our existing competitors, changing viewer habits and the entrance of new, online competitors. While maintaining an essentially flat churn rate in our pay-TV business, we grew revenue, net income and average monthly revenue per user. Instead of remaining content to deliver our established video service, we took steps to serve a growing generation of consumers who have rejected the traditional pay-TV model. During 2014, we struck groundbreaking programming agreements with The Walt Disney Company, A+E Networks® and Scripps Networks Interactive®, among others. These deals allowed us to move decisively into the live OTT space. As a result, we were able to successfully launch our Sling TV service this past February. We look forward to growing this innovative service, as we attract customers who are new to our brand and new to pay-TV. Meanwhile, for more than six years, we have worked relentlessly to define a space for ourselves in the wireless industry. Our efforts have been focused on assembling a substantial and valuable portfolio of wireless spectrum. Our participation in the AWS-3 auction, which concluded last January, led to the most successful auction in FCC history. We remain confident in the possibilities that Sling TV and our wireless position create for us. We will continue to devote significant energy in these areas as we look to build long-term value for our customers, our employees and, of course, our shareholders. At DISH, we strive to deliver excellent performance, drive innovation and win with customers, every day. I believe that our best days are ahead of us. Thank you for your continued support. Sincerely,

Charles W. Ergen Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

