March 31, 2009 Dear DISH Network Shareholders: In our first full year of operation following the separation of the DISH Network pay-TV business from EchoStar, we are pleased to have maintained a solid balance sheet and generated respectable cash flow, particularly in the current economic environment. Our steadfast focus on conservative, smart business practices has placed the company in a stable financial situation that allows us not only to work well in lean times, but also to focus our attention on the continued improvement of our operations and customer service. Over the past year, we made material investments in staffing, training, information systems and other initiatives designed to improve our customer service and operational efficiency. To counter signal theft and protect the security of our broadcast system, we began replacing our installed base of smart cards, an effort that will continue at least through the first half of 2009. To combat other forms of fraud and piracy, we took a wide range of actions including terminating retailers that we believe violated DISH Network's business rules. We took steps toward simplifying our marketing, pricing and promotions to counter aggressive promotional pricing by our competitors. And we introduced stronger new customer offers of our own, including one programming offer of $9.99 per month; we are confident this will appeal to consumers as they continue to make more thoughtful, deliberate choices on what they purchase and how to save on their bills. We made great strides in 2008 to strengthen our position as a leader in digital television and an innovative and forward-thinking media entertainment company. We launched the industry's first and only 100 percent HD service and 1080p programming, more than doubled our national HD offering, and added more local HD channels in markets throughout the United States. We made further enhancements to our industry-leading HD DVR technology and invested in more advanced technology including the transmission of certain programming only in MPEG-4. We continue to lead in international programming, and we introduced a variety of solutions for consumers affected by the digital transition, including $9.99 Welcome Packs and a suite of top-rated digital-to-analog converter boxes. And we're not stopping there. Throughout 2009, we will continue to add more national HD channels and launch more local channels and markets in HD. We will continue to explore new opportunities for long-term growth, including the digital transition; pre-paid market; Alaska, Hawaii and Puerto Rico; and commercial and mobile video. Finally, we will continue looking for ways to maintain and enhance our competitive position in the marketplace while adding value to our customers' subscriptions, including the integration of Sling technology into our HD DVR receivers. Without a doubt, the state of the economy presents many challenges, but it also creates many opportunities for businesses to capitalize on their strengths and to flourish. I am excited that we are well positioned to take advantage of our strengths and build upon the foundation we have established to become more operationally efficient, curtail piracy and fraud, and implement process simplification throughout the greater enterprise. I hope you share that excitement and appreciate your confidence and continued support. Sincerely,

Charles W. Ergen Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

