March 24, 2010 Dear DISH Network Shareholders: During 2009, DISH Network saw marked improvements, as we simplified our business and focused on operational efficiencies and comparative value messaging, which in turn helped us reach the 14 million subscriber milestone and become the nation's fastest-growing pay-TV provider. Additionally, our lean business practices, streamlined internal architecture, and enhanced sales organization enabled DISH Network to maintain a solid financial record and increase cash flow. Over the past year, we made significant investments in our sales organization, shored up our operations and equipped our front-line teams with the tools necessary to improve communication and create a more efficient and consistent customer experience. We coordinated action teams to reach out to our consumerfacing employees, independent retailers, distributors and alliance partners across the country to discuss best practices, encourage more thoughtful business decisions, and continue our efforts to improve the customer experience. Furthermore, recognizing that today's difficult economic climate creates a unique set of challenges for consumers, we implemented new promotions, such as pay-in-advance options, that enable us to provide DISH Network service to a wider base of cost-conscious consumers. These operational improvements, combined with an assertive marketing initiative that encouraged consumers to compare the quality and value of our services to those of our competition, resulted in lower customer churn and positive subscriber growth. We made great strides in 2009 to solidify our position as a forward-thinking company focused on leading the pay-TV industry in video technology. We further extended our leadership in high definition by increasing our national HD channel count to more than 150; nearly doubling the number of markets in which we provide high-definition local channels; bolstering our HD offerings in Alaska, Hawaii and Puerto Rico; and expanding our 1080p offerings, including the introduction of the first TV series in 1080p. We also launched the new NFL RedZone channel, additional Latino programming and a slate of new international channels. Meanwhile, we expanded our already robust lineup of interactive television offerings. Finally, in advancing our award-winning technology, we announced the first and only HD DVR receiver integrated with Sling technology. This is just the beginning. We plan to add more national HD channels and launch more local markets in both high definition and standard definition. We intend to continue our customer service improvements by focusing on the consumer's point of view at all levels; enhancing relationships with our alliance partners, distributors and retailers; streamlining business processes; and maintaining our position as a leader in innovative technologies. Throughout 2010, we will roll out a competitive slate of TV EverywhereTM solutions that will provide our customers with a "best-in-class" television experience. As the economy embarks on a long road to recovery, DISH Network's comparative value is more important than ever to today's discerning, cost-conscious consumer. We are poised to maintain our strong growth momentum that began in 2009 and distinguish ourselves as "best-in-class" at delivering video anywhere, any time. Thank you for your confidence and continued support of our business. Sincerely,

Charles W. Ergen Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

