                                                                                                             Dear Fellow Shareholders,
During our 68 years in the sporting goods industry, we have learned that the greatest opportunities for growth often emerge during the most challenging times. In 2015, we witnessed this parallel once again. Even with a difficult operating landscape, we maintained a long-term view of our business, continuing to strengthen our competitive stance and expand our omni-channel platform.
Reflecting on the year, we delivered several key accomplishments, including:
• We expanded our store network, ending the year with 644 DICK'S stores, 73 Golf Galaxy stores and 19 Field & Stream stores, including four locations that combine our DICK’S and Field & Stream concepts under one roof.
• We maintained excellent new store productivity, significantly outpacing our goal of 90%.
• We grew our eCommerce business 19% to more than $748 million.
• We made significant progress in transitioning our eCommerce business onto our internal web platform, including using this
platform to re-launch golfgalaxy.com and to launch our first Field & Stream eCommerce site.
Importantly, we maintained a strong balance sheet, ending the year with more than $100 million in cash and no outstanding borrowings on our $1 billion credit facility. We also continued to return capital to our shareholders, with more than $420 million paid during the year through dividends and share repurchases.
The credit for our progress during challenging times belongs to our associates, who continue to set DICK’S apart within our industry. I’d like to thank all of our team members for their hard work and ongoing support.
Leveraging Industry Dynamics
The sporting goods industry is at an inflection point. The competitive landscape is rapidly evolving, and as it does, it is creating pressure for some and opportunity for others. As the largest and most profitable full-line sporting goods retailer in the nation, DICK’S is both optimally positioned and fully committed to leveraging this environment to win market share and build long-term value. We are setting the stage for this by making transformative investments in our business that are aligned with our three primary growth initiatives:
• To strengthen our leadership position in eCommerce
• To drive store productivity, and
• To increase our share in new and underpenetrated markets.
The foundation for these growth initiatives is our omni-channel platform. We are continuing to expand it by opening new stores in select markets and by building and developing our eCommerce business, while leveraging the synergies between both channels.
Strengthening Our eCommerce Business
We remain on track to transition to full operational control of our eCommerce business in January 2017. This is an important strategic initiative for DICK’S that will significantly improve our profitability, as well as provide the flexibility to create a differentiated online experience that meets customer expectations for speed, convenience, personalization and mobility. When the transition is complete, we will have easier access to data, enabling us to leverage cross-channel information to create more engaging customer experiences. We will also gain control over development cycles, allowing us to conduct faster testing and implementation. Finally, we will be able to capitalize on emerging market opportunities by quickly developing and launching new sites that align with customer demand. Together, these advantages will support our mission to make DICK’S the online community that inspires, educates, entertains and equips athletes and outdoor enthusiasts through every step of their journey.

 Driving Store Productivity
We also are making investments that enrich the shopping experience in our stores and drive store productivity.
In 2016, this will include elevating our Footwear business through our new full-service platform, which features an enhanced assortment, industry-leading presentation and top-notch service, backed by a focused marketing effort. This is a key initiative for DICK’S. Our research shows that footwear is the most important purchase a team athlete makes each season. In addition, our customers tell us that it is the primary factor influencing the rest of their outfit. With this in mind, we are committed to advancing our Footwear business and serving the needs of our customers.
We also are driving profitable growth and exclusivity through our private brands, which differentiate us from the competition and command higher margins. We believe we have the opportunity to generate $1 billion in annual sales through our private brand portfolio over the next several years, and we are working diligently toward this goal. Our diverse selection of private brands includes trusted names like Field & Stream, CALIA, Top-Flite, MAXFLI, Umbro, Reebok apparel and adidas baseball, among others. We plan to release our CALIA brand in every store during 2016, and we expect it to become our third largest women’s athletic brand by year-end. We also have several new private brand projects in the pipeline, which we will begin to launch in 2017.
Winning Market Share
Finally, we are aggressively working to capture the displaced market share that is emerging within the sporting goods sector. We believe we can win substantial share, both by increasing our presence in existing markets and by opening stores in select new markets. We will support this effort by capitalizing on the valuable customer data generated by our ScoreCard loyalty program, which we will use to create digital marketing campaigns tailored to the needs of our customers.
We also are committed to expanding our outdoor business through the co-location of our DICK'S and Field & Stream stores. We believe our ability to combine these two powerful brands differentiates us from the competition and represents an effective tool for capturing share in today’s highly fragmented market.
The DICK’S brand is one of our most valuable assets. We are capitalizing on this asset through a strategic promotional campaign that reinforces our status as the nationwide leader in the sporting goods sector. One of our most exciting initiatives is our partnership with the United States Olympic Committee and Team U.S.A. The Olympics are one of the few mass sporting events that hold equal appeal for both men and women, and they provide us the platform to build brand equity on a grand scale. We are supporting this partnership through our Contenders program, which provides nearly 200 Olympic hopefuls with flexible work arrangements in DICK’S stores across the nation. This multi-faceted program not only helps these athletes to pursue their Olympic dreams, it also enhances our customer service and brings our Olympic sponsorship to life in our stores.
Investing in Our Future
We move forward with confidence. The sporting goods market continues to offer strong opportunities for long-term growth. We believe that by remaining disciplined and making prudent investments in the future, we will continue to set ourselves apart from the competition and ultimately win.
We expect 2016 to be a pivotal year for our Company in which we will make strategic investments that strengthen our leadership position and lay the groundwork to create meaningful momentum in the future. We are confident that these initiatives will enable us to build substantial and sustainable long-term value. As always, our primary goal in these efforts is to reward you, our shareholders, for your ongoing support.
Edward W. Stack
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 