 DICK’S SPORTING GOODS, INC. 2006 ANNUAL REPORT
DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS
The dictionary defines momentum as “the power to increase or develop at an ever-growing speed.” In 2006, Dick’s Sporting Goods clearly demonstrated this principle, drawing on our past success to continue our growth and pave the way to seize new opportunities in the future.
 Among the year’s accomplishments, we once again posted improved results in a number of important financial metrics; drove strong organic growth; forged an agreement to acquire Golf Galaxy; and continued to deliver consistent profitable growth fueled by execution across many aspects of our business, from merchandising, to store operations, marketing, supply chain and information technology. Collectively, our achievements reinforced Dick’s Sporting Goods as a leader in the industry, and set the stage for our continued success.
Showcasing our Financial Discipline
Top athletes recognize that achieving excellence demands endless training and constant preparation. We believe that this same approach applies to maintaining optimal financial health and performance, so we practice financial discipline across our Company as a matter of course. Our diligence has made Dick’s a strong, lean and nimble organization with the flexibility
to manage changing market conditions and capitalize on promising growth opportunities.
1 Results exclude merger integration and store closing costs, gain on sale of investment, and are adjusted for the effect of expensing stock options as if we had applied SFAS 123, “Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation”, in 2005
We showcased these strengths in 2006 by delivering another year of industry-leading financial performance underscored
by our record results. We also made outstanding progress in seizing the visible growth opportunities we talked about in last year’s annual report, making 2006 yet another year in which our bottom line grew faster than our top line.
2006 – A Year of Growth
In 2006, we increased our sales 19 percent to more than
$3.1 billion, driven by a 6 percent comparable store sales gain. In the second quarter, the former Galyan’s stores entered the com- parable store base on a positive note. We also opened 39 new stores and completed two store relocations and one remodel. Our blend of new markets and in-fill stores will ensure we continue to capture market share, and our ongoing emphasis on execution is reflected in our results. We delivered increases in our gross, operating, EBITDA and net income margins, culminating in a 35 percent increase in proforma earnings per share.1
I am pleased that our 2006 performance enabled us to meet
or exceed all three of our long-term financial goals: on an annual basis to grow our store base by approximately 15 percent, improve our operating margin by approximately 30 basis points, and increase our earnings by approximately 20 percent.1
2

 Seizing Visible Growth Opportunities
Dick’s Sporting Goods is a leader in the sporting goods industry, with 294 stores located primarily in the eastern half of the United States. We believe that there is an opportunity for us
to double the size of our chain in our existing footprint and to expand our reach across the nation, increasing the total size
of our store network to at least 800 stores over time. In 2006, we opened 39 new Dick’s Sporting Goods stores, introducing us to seven new markets, while increasing our presence
50 percent or more in several key markets we had entered through the Galyan’s acquisition, including Chicago, Atlanta, Minneapolis and Denver. We intend to expand our presence
in many of these and other key markets in 2007.
We augmented this organic growth by acquiring Golf Galaxy,
a leading specialty golf retailer with 65 stores in 24 states and sales of $275 million in 2006. Golf Galaxy offers a differentiated retail concept that complements our existing business within the fragmented golf retail industry. Moreover, Golf Galaxy offers excel- lent potential for both store and earnings growth, and we expect the acquisition to be accretive. Co-founders Randy Zanatta and Greg Maanum and their team who built Golf Galaxy into a retail leader will continue to operate and grow the Golf Galaxy chain.
Joseph H. Schmidt
Senior Vice President — Store Operations
Michael F. Hines
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
William J. Colombo
President and
Edward W. Stack
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
Lee Belitsky
Senior Vice President — Distribution & Transportation
Jay Crosson
Senior Vice President —
MANAGEMENT TEAM (LEFT TO RIGHT)
 Chief Operating Officer
Eileen Gabriel
Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer
Douglas Walrod
Senior Vice President —
Real Estate and Development
Human Resources
Gwen Manto
Executive Vice President and Chief Merchandising Officer
Jeffrey R. Hennion
Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer
    STOCK PRICE PERFORMANCE
October 16, 2002 IPO through Fiscal 2006
       $50
 $40
 $30
 $20
 $10
 $0
     IPO 2003
2004
2005
2006
2007

 DICK’S SPORTING GOODS, INC. 2006 ANNUAL REPORT
We move into 2007 excited about the future and energized
at the many promising growth opportunities before us.
 Building Our Brand
Athletes who stand out as leaders typically possess unique skills and abilities – much like the unique shopping experience that Dick’s offers to our customers. The cornerstone of this is our store-within-a-store concept, through which we combine several sports specialty stores in each of our locations. Our customers appreciate the fact that they can get the access to authentic merchandise, knowledgeable sales assistance and value-added services typically found only in a specialty store,
in combination with the selection, convenience and competitive- ness of a leading full-line sporting goods store.
Our store-within-a-store concept enables us to showcase exciting new products from the industry’s leading brands. We leverage these offerings by staging special in-store promotions and events, as well as by being among the first to market the latest new products. In 2006, we helped launch a number of defining products, including the Nike + Apple iPod® Sport Kit and Under Armour’s line of football cleats. We also worked with several of our vendors to develop high-performance, branded products that are available exclusively at Dick’s.
Our private-label brands represent an important growth vehicle and a valuable differentiator for Dick’s. We offer exclusive brands that present our customers with an appealing combination of quality and value while generating higher margins. In 2006, we continued to enhance and expand the merchandise assortment we offer under these brands, helping them account for
14.1 percent of our total sales.
We highlight our assortment and heighten awareness of our brand through marketing initiatives that target athletes and outdoor enthusiasts. These initiatives include a Sunday circular program supported by direct mailings, interactive in-store events and sponsorship of community sports activities. We also work to build our national presence through our Every Season Starts at Dick’s advertising campaign on ESPN and The Golf Channel, as well as through our e-commerce site, which we redesigned in 2006 to provide an improved customer experience.
Capitalizing on Visible Growth Opportunities
We move into 2007 excited about the future and energized at the many promising growth opportunities before us. As we work to leverage our momentum so that we can capitalize on these opportunities, I would like to thank you — our customers, shareholders, vendors and associates — for your continued support. We are focused on rewarding your commitment to us and reinforcing Dick’s Sporting Goods as the nation’s leading destination for sporting goods.
Edward W. Stack
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 4
