Dear Fellow Shareholders:
I've always believed that the mark of excellence in an athlete is not merely the ability to deliver a single great performance. Instead, it's the ability to deliver that level of performance consistently, regardless of outside influences. At Dick's Sporting Goods, we recognize that consistency is a quality that's also vital to our shareholders, and we pride ourselves on delivering it to you. Our track record of success in this regard is evidenced by our financial highlights charts, which are displayed on the inside front cover of this book. Our fiscal 2004 financial metrics continue that upward trend, with record results in the areas of net income, sales and earnings per share. For the year, our net income grew 48 percent to $74.5 million, up from $50.3 million in 2003. Sales rose 43 percent compared with the prior year, to $2.1 billion, while comparable store sales increased by 2.6 percent. Earnings per share grew to $1.41, representing an increase of 41 percent compared with fiscal 2003.1 While these results would be rewarding in any year, to the team at Dick's they are all the more so because we achieved them while driving improvement throughout our business. Among other accomplishments, we completed the first acquisition in our Company's history, drove continued organic growth and strengthened our infrastructure. As a result of these initiatives, Dick's ended fiscal 2004 as the most profitable publicly held full-line sporting goods retailer for the seventh consecutive year, as measured by income from continuing operations and adjusted for non-recurring items. The market recognized our consistent, industry-leading performance with a 36 percent increase in our stock price in fiscal 2004, which is on top of a 162 percent increase in fiscal 2003. The credit for these accomplishments goes to the more than 16,000 associates here at Dick's. Together, these individuals uphold and reinforce the beliefs that our Company was founded on, including the intense commitment to financial discipline that is an inherent part of our corporate culture. This commitment permeates our entire organization, and I firmly believe that it is among the primary reasons we were able to manage our rapid pace of growth in 2004, while upholding our standards of service and quality. I thank all of our associates for their continued support of our financial discipline and for their contributions to our progress.

Showcasing Our Discipline
We achieved a significant milestone during the year with our acquisition of Galyan's Trading Company, a leading sports and outdoor retailer. We completed this transaction in July for a price of $16.75 per share, or $369 million, which we funded through cash and borrowings under our expanded credit facility. The acquisition gave us a combination of great people, premium real estate and a distribution center, all of which complemented our existing store base.

CONSISTENT

performance
In fiscal 2004, we delivered another year of record financial performance. As a result, Dick's was the most profitable publicly held full-line sporting goods retailer for the seventh consecutive year, as measured by income from continuing operations and adjusted for non-recurring items.

2

management team
(LEFT TO RIGHT)

Lee Belitsky
Vice President ­ Controller and Treasurer

Gary M. Sterling
Senior Vice President ­ Merchandising

Eileen Gabriel
Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer

Jeffrey R. Hennion
Senior Vice President ­ Marketing

Jerel Hollens
Senior Vice President ­ Supply Chain

William R. Newlin
Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer

Jay Crosson
Senior Vice President ­ Human Resources

Edward W. Stack
Chairman and CEO

Michael F. Hines
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Joseph H. Schmidt
Senior Vice President ­ Store Operations

William J. Colombo
President and Chief Operating Officer

Specifically, we gained 48 stores in 21 states, which introduced us into several important markets, including Chicago, Atlanta, Minneapolis, Dallas and Denver, and enabled us to increase our presence in several existing markets. It's noteworthy that the majority of these stores were two-level locations, and by adding them we expanded the square footage of our store network by nearly 50 percent at the time of the acquisition. We also added to our team more than 6,000 associates, many of whom are both sports enthusiasts and experienced sales people. All considered, our acquisition of Galyan's was a strategic move for Dick's that accelerated our growth rate, provided a network of stores in a number
$40

of new markets and created an opportunity for us to realize greater efficiencies in the areas of procurement, logistics and marketing in the future. From the outset, our goal was to execute the acquisition quickly and efficiently. Drawing on the operating discipline that is a Dick's hallmark, we immediately set about the process of converting the Galyan's locations into Dick's Sporting Goods stores. This effort involved visiting and evaluating every Galyan's store; reaching out to and retaining Galyan's sales associates and key operating personnel; beginning the process of shifting the merchandise assortment and product layout plans in these stores to align with our own; and rebranding the locations with the Dick's Sporting Goods name. We also closed four stores that "overlapped" as a result of the acquisition, and we identified six additional stores that we plan to close in the first half of 2005. We made steady progress on all of these fronts, and as a result we were able to realize immediate efficiencies, making the acquisition nominally accretive to our earnings in fiscal 20041. As we enter 2005, we are beginning to optimize the Galyan's distribution center by implementing our proven operational systems and techniques. We are also continuing to execute the conversion process, and we expect to complete all aspects of it by the end of the second quarter of 2005. Moreover, due in part to the acquisition, we expect to

$35

$30

$25

$20 Aug Sep Oct Apr Mar May Nov Dec Jun Jan Jul Feb Feb

DKS Stock Price Performance 2004
(Adjusted for two-for-one stock split, effective April 2004)

DICK'S SPORTING GOODS, INC.

2004 ANNUAL REPORT

3

shareholder letter, continued...

realize an increase in our earnings per share of more than 25 percent in 2005.1 This increase will be driven by a combination of factors, including greater efficiencies, better procurement costs, fewer markdowns due to tighter inventory control, and increased private-label sales at higher margins in the converted Galyan's stores, as well as continued organic growth. In addition to the growth we generated through the acquisition, we continued to grow organically, opening 29 new locations during the year. These stores enabled us to penetrate nine new markets and to "fill in" markets where we already had a presence. We ended fiscal 2004 with a total of 234 stores in 33 states.

Executing Our Strategy
Dick's is founded on a great store concept ­ one that combines the best elements of a small, specialty store with those of a large-format retailer. We've created this concept by concentrating exclusively on authentic sporting goods, fitness and outdoor categories, as well as by maintaining a commitment to selling authentic merchandise. The concept of authenticity is crucial to our strategy, since it distinguishes our product assortment from mass merchants and helps reduce the volatility of our business. We uphold our commitment to authenticity by carrying performance-oriented products from leading national brands, such as Nike and Under Armour, as well as by offering high-quality merchandise under a number of exclusive private-label brands. Our private-label program creates a point of differentiation for Dick's, while also helping us to deliver customer satisfaction, with increased margins. We extend our commitment to authenticity beyond our merchandise by offering product testing areas, providing equipment maintenance and repair services, and staffing our stores with sales associates who are themselves sports enthusiasts. We enhance the value of our store concept by maintaining a steady in-stock position and promoting a strong service culture that makes shopping in our stores easy and convenient. Together, these strategies have made Dick's Sporting Goods the clear leader in the sporting goods retailing sector. We enter 2005 excited about our future and anxious to serve our customers and provide you, our valued shareholders, with the consistent performance you have come to expect.

DISCIPLINED

strategy

During the year, we drove continuous improvement in many areas of our business. This discipline enabled us to fuel organic growth, complete a significant acquisition and lay the foundation for future expansion.

Planning Ahead
Dick's success has always been predicated on planning ahead of our needs. In 2004, as we concentrated on pursuing our growth, we also took steps to support our increasing requirements and allow for future expansion. For example: We expanded our existing distribution center in Smithton, Pennsylvania by more than 50 percent, providing us with the capacity required to meet the demands of our growing store base. We introduced a highly scalable new merchandising system that will enable us to manage our current and long-term needs with greater effectiveness. We implemented a new inventory allocation system that will help us to speed merchandise to our selling floors and maintain our track record of industryleading inventory turn and solid in-stock levels. We moved into a new corporate headquarters building, thereby centralizing our workforce and providing us with the space necessary to expand.

Edward W. Stack
Chairman and CEO

1

Results exclude merger integration and store closing costs, gain on sale of investment, and loss on write-down of non-cash investment.

4

