DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
DI S CIPLINE:
The practice of consistently acting in a controlled way to produce predictable results.

EXECUTION:
The act or process of completing something successfully; finishing a task.

ENDUR A NCE:
The ability to persist; stamina; staying power.

There are three core traits that distinguish the performance of good athletes from that of great athletes ­ namely, discipline, execution and endurance. Athletes who exhibit these traits distinguish themselves by delivering results that are not just exceptional, but consistently exceptional.

At Dick's Sporting Goods, we believe that great companies are much the same as great athletes. In 2007, we demonstrated this by exercising the discipline that has become a trademark for our Company in every area of our business ­ from how we make financial decisions, to how we merchandise and operate our stores, to how we approach and execute our growth strategy. We also showcased our Company's endurance, once again delivering profitable growth and building our brand within what remains a highly fragmented market. These achievements enabled us to continue our pattern of consistently delivering exceptional financial and operational performance. In the process, they reinforced Dick's Sporting Goods as a leader in our industry and positioned us to continue to excel.

Financial Discipline In 2007, our sales rose 25 percent to $3.9 billion, driven by a 2.4 percent comparable store sales gain at Dick's stores, a productive new store opening program, and the addition of Golf Galaxy. We delivered increases in all of our key metrics, including our gross, operating, EBITDA and net income margins, yielding a 30 percent increase in earnings per share. I'm pleased to note that our 2007 performance enabled us once more to meet or exceed all three of our long-term financial goals: on an annual basis to grow our store base by approximately 15 percent, improve our operating margin by approximately 30 basis points, and increase our earnings by approximately 20 percent. We also maintained the strength of our balance sheet, ending 2007 with no borrowings on our revolving credit facility for the third consecutive year, an accomplishment that was even more

2 Dick's Sporting Goods, Inc. | 2007 Annual Report

2007 MANAGEMENT TEAM
Timothy E. Kullman
Executive Vice President, Finance, Administration & Chief Financial Officer

(LEFT TO RIGHT)

Lee Belitsky
Senior Vice President­ Distribution & Transportation

Joseph H. Schmidt
Executive Vice President­Operations

Edward W. Stack
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer

Douglas Walrod
Senior Vice President­ Real Estate and Development

William J. Colombo Matthew J. Lynch
President & Chief Operating Officer Senior Vice President & Chief Information Officer

Jeffrey R. Hennion
Executive Vice President & Chief Marketing Officer

Gwen Manto
Executive Vice President & Chief Merchandising Officer

Kathy Sutter
Senior Vice President­ Human Resources

noteworthy given the fact that we made two acquisitions. We also set the stage for continued growth by expanding our credit facility. Lastly, our Board of Directors approved a two-for-one stock split in the form of a stock dividend of Dick's Sporting Goods common shares. Strong Execution Skills Dick's Sporting Goods is one of the largest chains of our kind in the United States with 340 Dick's stores, most of which are located in the eastern half of the United States. We've earned this leadership status through the steady execution of our growth strategy, which emphasizes organic growth, complemented by strategic acquisitions. In 2007, we executed our largest organic store development program to date. We opened 46 new Dick's Sporting Goods stores, introducing us to more than

15 new regions, including two new states, while increasing our presence in several important existing regions, including Florida and Texas. The productivity of our new stores remains strong, underscoring our ability to execute this important facet of our growth plan. We also acquired a leading specialty golf retailer, Golf Galaxy, giving us a second format through which to increase our presence in the highly fragmented golf industry. We have already made strides in leveraging this acquisition, adding 16 new Golf Galaxy stores to our network, helping to reinforce Dick's as the largest specialty golf retailer in the nation. We further fueled our growth by acquiring Chick's Sporting Goods, a specialty sporting goods retailer with 15 stores in Southern California. Much like Dick's Sporting Goods, Chick's serves its customers by featuring products from authentic manufacturers and providing excellent customer service. Through this acquisition,

3

STOCK PRICE PERFORMANCE
October 16, 2002 IPO through Fiscal 2007
Adjusted for two-for-one stock split on April 5, 2004 and October 19, 2007

$40

Dick's gained an immediate presence in California, which we plan to build on in the coming years. We anticipate that this acquisition will be marginally accretive in fiscal 2008. The sporting goods industry is highly fragmented, affording Dick's continued opportunity to grow by executing our strategy and leveraging our brand. We believe that we can extend our reach across the nation, increasing the total size of our store network to 800 or more Dick's stores over time. To support our
2003 2004 2005 $10 $20 $30

center. Slated for completion in 2008, the addition of this new facility in Atlanta, Georgia will provide Dick's with the capability to service a total of 670 stores. A Winning Strategy Our strategy is to meet the equipment and apparel needs of core athletes and outdoor enthusiasts across a vast range of sports and athletic pursuits in every season of the year. We achieve this through our storewithin-a-store concept, which unites several different sports specialty stores under one roof. This concept enables us to provide customers with a winning combination ­ all of the advantages of a specialty store

environment, along with the one-stop convenience and exceptional purchasing power of a best-in-class specialty retailer. Each of our store-within-a-store shops provides athletes and outdoor enthusiasts with the products and services they expect from a specialty sporting goods retailer: authentic merchandise, including technologically advanced new gear; value-added services to enable them to test equipment before buying and ensure their

Strong Consistent Financial Performance

Established Leadership Position in the Industry

4 Dick's Sporting Goods, Inc. | 2007 Annual Report

2006

2007

IPO

growth, we are planning to open a third distribution

$0

gear suits their individual needs; knowledgeable sales associates, many of whom are also sports enthusiasts; and access to a wide assortment of products, including exclusive items from the industry's leading brands and our own private-label merchandise. We further enhance the shopping experience by featuring a "good-betterbest" selection in many product categories, ensuring that athletes from beginners to enthusiasts can navigate our merchandise assortment and get what they need. We reach out to our customers through a variety of marketing initiatives, including national TV campaigns, direct marketing and Sunday circular programs, all of which reinforce Dick's as the destination for sporting goods. Dick's Sporting Goods understands the importance of being involved with the communities in which we operate. In 2007, we continued our Community Youth Sports Equipment Kit Program, working with local teams and organizations, impacting more than one million children throughout the year. We also became a corporate partner for Thanks and Giving, a fundraising program of St. Jude Children's Research Hospital, and helped to launch the LIVESTRONG collection of apparel and footwear, created by Nike to benefit the Lance Armstrong Foundation.

Endurance Our 2007 results reflect the strength of our business model, the skill and flexibility of our management team, and the dedication of our employees. I believe that our employees are the finest in our industry, and I'd like to thank each of them for their contributions to our Company's success. Over the years, Dick's has consistently led our industry, delivering strong performance and clearly proving that we have what it takes to endure ­ and excel ­ in our marketplace. As we move ahead, we plan to capitalize on this momentum to execute our strategy, and to seize additional growth opportunities that will enable us to continue to distinguish ourselves within our industry.

Edward W. Stack Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Capitalizing on Visible Growth Opportunities

Executing a Winning Game Plan

5

