Letter to Shareholders

2013 was a banner year for our company. The Delphi team created significant value for you, our shareholder, by focusing on what matters--executing industry leading solutions for customers and consumers making the world safer, greener and more connected.
What Matters: Solid Financial Accomplishments

In 2013, we won an Automotive News PACE Award for our game-changing common rail for heavy duty diesel. Delphi has earned 16 PACE Awards--more than any other company. And, for the past two years, Thomson Reuters has recognized Delphi as one of the Top 100 Global Innovators. We also expanded our presence in Silicon Valley to continue to lead the industry in offering technology solutions to our customers. We know there is a long list of companies at the top of the game in the connected technology space. Delphi is using Delphi Labs @ Silicon Valley to establish relationships that we believe will lead to significant future revenue and maintain our status as a leader in the automotive technology space. Delphi's portfolio focuses on the megatrends of Safe, Green and Connected. We are perfectly situated to address future demands from governments, customers and consumers. In the area of Green, governments around the world continue to call for improved fuel efficiencies, and Delphi has developed cutting-edge gas and diesel fuel injection technologies. In the area of Safe, we are seeing a rapid acceleration in demand for our active safety portfolio. In fact, in 2013, we booked over a billion dollars in new business in this segment--that's equal to the bookings from the previous three years combined. And, the convergence of active safety and connectivity has made automated driving technically possible. Although the ramp up to commercialization

We increased our revenue by 6 percent to $16.5 billion. We delivered margin expansion and double-digit EPS growth. We were raised to investment grade by Standard & Poor's. Our board of directors approved a payout of Delphi's first dividend. And, we returned $668 million to shareholders through both dividends and share repurchases. We continued to integrate and leverage our acquired connection system business, MVL, which I`m proud to say is running well ahead of schedule. Delphi is well positioned for future growth and profitability. And, I am enthusiastic about the future of this company and the value that we will bring to our shareholders in the coming years.
What Matters: Innovations for the Real World

Delphi's award-winning technology is a major reason why we are a premier supplier, and we continue to invest in advancements for the future. We invested approximately $1.7 billion in engineering and research in 2013 and hired 1,000 new scientists and engineers, increasing our ranks at our 15 major technology centers around the globe.

7

This is an exciting time in the automotive industry--the number of advancements that we will see in the next few years is remarkable... and Delphi is perfectly positioned to benefit from these changes.

will be debated, the trend is very positive for us, because Delphi is one of only a few suppliers who can deliver the full scope of connected, active safety and electrical architecture technologies needed for automated driving.
What Matters: Becoming a Premier Supplier

leader in transformative technology, providing solutions to our customers' problems. We have diversified within the regions and within our customer base. In the fastest growing market in the world, China, our revenue is increasing and our business is expanding. This is an exciting time in the automotive industry--the number of advancements that we will see in the next few years is remarkable. From automated driving to greener and cleaner technologies, we see clearly where the industry and our markets are going and continue to embrace change and help make it happen on our path to making Delphi the best of the best. Delphi is perfectly positioned to benefit from these changes. I remain enthusiastic about the possibilities for the future and the role Delphi will play in shaping it.

I travel regularly to meet with our customers around the globe. During one stop at the 2013 Frankfurt Auto Show, I was with the leaders of a major European manufacturer when a senior procurement officer mentioned that he had recently spent two weeks in China reviewing their supplier base and had come away from that visit amazed with Delphi's scale and capabilities. He complimented Delphi for having "created a world-class automotive supply company perfectly positioned for the local market. " His words highlight why Delphi has been so successful among automotive suppliers. No matter where we are around the globe, Delphi is able to execute flawlessly. I firmly believe Delphi has evolved into a premier supplier of the automotive industry. Our customer base includes all 25 of the largest automakers in the world and many world-class local OEs as well. Delphi has built a solid reputation as a

Best Regards,

Rodney O'Neal Chief Executive Officer and President

8

