 2 DOLLAR TREE STORES, INC. • 2006 ANNUAL REPORT
Bob Sasser
President and
Chief Executive Officer
Last year, I ended my letter to you with the comment, “the best is
yet to come.” I am proud to report to you that 2006 lived up to those expectations. At Dollar Tree Stores, 2006 was a year of achieving new milestones and continued progress on our goals. We celebrated our 20th anniversary with a solid and consistent performance through- out the year. In true Dollar Tree fashion, we opened our 3,000th store and “blew” past that milestone ending the year with over 3,200 stores in our portfolio. Total revenues were just shy of $4 billion dollars, another milestone that we are sure to exceed in 2007. We leveraged our investments in new stores, retail technology and logistics by delivering increased merchandise excitement to our customers, with improved assortments, a higher in-stock position in basic products, and a more efficient flow of inventory. As a result, our comparable- store sales grew by 4.6%, and we achieved double-digit increases — and all-time record levels — in revenues, earnings per share and square footage. And yes, I believe “the best is still to come.”
Dollar Tree is a unique and proven retail concept. We are a large company, national in scope and at each Dollar Tree store — Everything is $1! We have a long history of profitable growth, building a solid, scalable infrastructure and strong relationships along the way.
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
 This strong foundation, one that has been nurtured over the past 20 years, will provide leverage for continued profitable growth and will strengthen as we grow to an even higher scale. Our world-wide sourcing relationships, merchandising skills, logis-
tics capabilities and retail technology, proven and improved over time, enable us to provide surprising value to our customers. We remain focused on our customers’ needs and we believe that they want great value and a great shopping experience. That means we put a premium on running stores that are bright, clean and inviting. Our store associates are friendly and strive to thrill our customers every day by exceeding their expectations with products that represent surprising value. The more we deliver this “WOW factor,” the more our customers will come back.
REVIEW OF 2006 GOALS AND ACCOMPLISHMENTS
Our primary goal for 2006, and indeed every year, is to grow the top line while delivering sector leading profitability. We accomplished this in 2006 through a combination of new store openings and improved productivity of existing stores. It’s all about the stores and the mer- chandise; this is the key to the Dollar Tree extreme value proposition. A Dollar Tree store
offers a wide assortment of variety merchandise at incredible values. Our merchandise strategy provides a mix of branded product, including well-known national
brands, popular regional brands, exclusive Dollar Tree brands, and an
ever-changing mix of exciting seasonal merchandise and high value
closeouts. It is our prime goal to create merchandise excitement for our customers, every time they visit our store.
This year our merchants, working with our planning, alloca- tions and replenishment department, did an outstanding job of planning assortments and giving the right amount of product to the stores as needed. Seasonal transitions were crisp.
      
New promotions, such as our “Build a Gift Basket” and “Build a Wreath” encouraged multiple purchases and exceeded our customers’ expectations with high value for their $1 and a fun shopping experience.
We benefited from increased sales of basic products; items that people need everyday and are more frequently purchased. Our expanded product selection has been embraced by our customers who are making more frequent shopping trips to our stores. Improved replenishment methods are providing a better in-stock position on these products and we believe this has been a real driver of increases in both customer traffic and our average ticket.
Our initiative to expand frozen and refrigerated product to more stores continues to yield positive results. We added freezers and coolers to 392 stores in 2006, bringing our total to 632 stores at year-end, compared with 240 stores at the beginning of the year. The margins on this product are a bit lower than our average but this is a trade that we are willing to make. The fact is our customers love it! We are attracting more customers to our stores more frequently with this product and it is resulting in incre- mental sales. We are planning to roll freezers and coolers to an additional 250 stores in fiscal 2007.
We continue to refine our advertising, with increased emphasis on the holiday season. Using a combination of radio and television in target markets, and tabloid advertisements at key seasons we found a winning combination. The “Feature Item of the Week” program added energy and focus on key items. We believe we are honing in on the appropriate mix of advertising and promotion required to drive traffic and increased sales.
In 2005, we began to expand tender types for the added convenience of our customers. By the middle of 2006, we completed the rollout of debit card and Electronic Benefits Transfer acceptance to substantially all of our stores. This has provided a lift to our average ticket as well as traffic and will con- tinue to do so in 2007 and beyond. In addition, with the rollout of frozen and refrigerated capability, at year end we were accepting Food Stamps in about 600 stores. Last, but with great promise, we launched a gift card program in the third quarter, just in time for the holidays.
We continue to grow our store base, and refine our real estate process. Our goal is to open stores earlier in the year, to maximize their productivity through improved site selection, improve the construction process and ultimately to increase our return on invested capital. In fiscal 2006
we opened 211 new stores, expanded and relocated 85 existing stores, and increased retail square footage 14%, including the Deal$ acquisition. Our new stores averaged 11,200 square feet, a size that is within our targeted range, and ideal from the customers’ perspective, allowing them to see a full display of merchandise in an open and bright shopping environment, while keeping their shopping trip quick and convenient.
LEVERAGING OUR INFRASTRUCTURE
Significant investments in infrastructure over the past few years are contributing to improved performance. Our logistics network is highly automated, efficient and capable of delivering product
to all 48 contiguous states and we have capacity to support growth to $5 billion without additional investment. Our technology infrastructure, and particularly our investment in point-of-sale applications, has given us the ability to improve our flow of product to stores, reduce back room inventory and improve operating efficiency. Our Automated Store Replenishment tool is improving our in stock of basics. Demand driven allocations of new product consistent with sales trends is driving store sales and our sell through of seasonal product is increasing. In combination, these investments enabled us to lower our inventory investment by 5% per store at fiscal 2006 year-end, following a 12% reduction
in inventory per store in 2005. Inventory turns increased an amazing 50 basis points in 2006!
 NET SALES
($ In Billions)
4.0
3.4 3.1
2.8 2.3
02 03 04 05 06
NUMBER OF STORES OPEN
3,219 2,914
2,735 2,513
2,263
02 03 04 05 06
TOTAL SELLING SQUARE FOOTAGE (In Millions)
26 23
20 17
13
02 03 04 05 06
                DOLLAR TREE STORES, INC. • 2006 ANNUAL REPORT 3

   4 DOLLAR TREE STORES, INC. • 2006 ANNUAL REPORT
DEAL$
Last March, we acquired the Deal$ chain. Our intention is not to convert these stores to Dollar Trees but to use them as a platform to develop an additional format. Within six months we integrated the Deal$ stores into our back office processes and systems and in the fall, we lifted the restriction of the $1 price point and introduced a new store look and a high value, compelling general merchandise assortment. Our customers have responded favorably and we are encouraged by the results in terms of average ticket, store productivity and margin. This year we will begin to expand this concept with plans to open 25 new Deal$ stores. These new Deal$ stores will provide an additional opportunity to develop the sales potential and operating metrics of the new model.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Dollar Tree is committed to responsible corporate governance. To strengthen that commitment, we continue to review best practices and respond with changes accordingly. We recently adopted a majority vote governance policy with respect to the election of directors who run unopposed, created
an independent committee with responsibility for Corporate Governance, and established the position of Lead Independent Director on our Board. Most importantly we remain focused on
our core values. We are very proud of our record and our history of honesty, integrity and transparency. We are uncompromising in these values and they will always be reflected in
our strength of financial controls, our open and straight forward relationships with our customers, our suppliers, our associates and our shareholders.
We are committed to increasing total shareholder returns. As chronicled in this annual report, our stock has performed well over the past year, achieving an increase in share price of nearly 27%. In doing so, we outperformed the major indices with a larger increase than the S & P 500, the Dow Jones Industrial Average and the NASDAQ
Composite. In addition to solid growth in revenue and earnings, in 2006 we returned over $248 million dollars to our shareholders in the form of share repurchase. We
believe this to be a good use of cash and we will continue to examine strategies to build total shareholder returns.
THE FUTURE
As we enter our third decade, we can look back with pride at our accomplishments and look forward to even more exciting opportunities. We have grown from six stores in 1986 to more than 3,200 today, and we are positioned to expand to 5,000 – 7,000 stores over the long term. All of the tools are in place to achieve these goals while continuing to achieve sector leading profitability. At Dollar Tree, we have a concept that customers love, a rock-solid foundation on which to build, one that is proven and scalable, a solid, cash rich balance sheet and an experienced and focused management team. We believe the best is still to come!
Bob Sasser
President and Chief Executive Officer
  