To Our
Shareholders:
 Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer
THE FUTURE OF DOLLAR TREE HAS NEVER Additionally, in 2014:
BEEN BRIGHTER! With a keen focus on meeting the ever-changing needs of the customer, our concept remains increasingly relevant. We
serve an extremely loyal and growing customer base as demonstrated by continued momentum in our business throughout the year, and I am pleased to say that 2014 was another year of record sales and earnings. But that’s not all. Additionally, we announced a transformational acquisition that will create a combined organization more than double our current store count and revenue.
2014 was a Record Year
Our record results in 2014 included:
• Net sales increasing 9.7% to $8.6 billion.
• Same-store sales, on a constant-currency basis, increasing 4.4% on top of a 2.4% same-store sales increase in the prior year.
• Earnings increasing to a record $2.90 per diluted share. Excluding acquisition-related costs, EPS grew 14.7% to $3.12 per diluted share.
• Operating income improving to a record $1.04 billion.
• Operating margin, excluding acquisition-related costs, was a sector-leading 12.4%.
• And, we ended the year with more than 90,000 associates across 48 states and five Canadian provinces.
• We opened 391 new stores and expanded or relocated 72 stores, increasing selling square footage by 7.4%. We surpassed the 5,000 store milestone in February 2014, and ended the year with 5,367 stores.
• We added frozen and refrigerated capability to 473 stores, including 330 new stores, and now offer these products in more than 3,600 stores.
• For the first time in Company history, we exceeded one billion customer transactions in a year.
• And, on July 28, we announced our agreement to acquire Family Dollar Stores.
Track Record of Success
Over the past 29 years, Dollar Tree has evolved from a small, regional mall-based retailer to a national leader in the discount retail sector. We serve a broad range of income levels through primarily suburban locations, and we are becoming a destination of choice for a growing base of customers seeking great values for both their needs
and wants.
Our success is – and always has been – based on our focus on the customer. We have a unique concept that customers love: everything is $1.00 every day at Dollar
Tree stores. We are vigilant about understanding what our customers need, and we do our best to provide it to them. We strive to “Wow” every customer at every store, every day.
 391 new stores opened in 2014
 28
consecutive quarters of positive same-store sales
 2 Dollar Tree Annual Report 2014
  
Our stores are convenient, bright, fun, friendly and filled with great merchandise at tremendous values.
Our merchandising model is powerful and flexible. Our product assortments are planned to offer the greatest value to the customer for $1.00 and to do so at a cost that meets our merchandise margin threshold. We utilize this strategy of ever-changing assortments to our advantage. Our customers have grown to expect that there is always something new at Dollar Tree. Customers can find a balanced assortment of the high-value basics they need and the fun, exciting discretionary merchandise they want on each and every store visit. Seasonal assortments are fresh and colorful, providing merchandise energy to the customer’s shopping experience as they enter the front door at the stores.
This strategic advantage has been validated by results in varying consumer climates. History demonstrates
that we have increased our relevance throughout both inflationary and deflationary cycles by leveraging our scale and our flexibility to change the product or the source while maintaining our focus on providing surprising value to our customers and achieving margin targets. We are different. When faced with cost pressures, most retailers “keep the item and change the price.” At Dollar Tree,
we “keep the price and change the item” to continue delivering great values at our $1 price point. And our customers love us for this approach.
Transformational Opportunity
I am extremely excited about the potential of our combined organization. Adding the well-known and established Family Dollar banner to our portfolio of brands will be transformational to our business.
The strategic rationale for this combination is powerful:
• We are combining two very large companies with more than 13,000 stores achieving almost $19 billion in sales and more than $2 billion in adjusted EBITDA.
• We are combining two established and respected brands in the most economically resilient sector of retailing. The Discount Retail sector has flourished through all economic cycles.
• We will operate and grow both banners, combining two complementary business models across fixed- and multi-priced strategies with the ability to serve a broader range of customers and geography. The Dollar Tree target customer is largely a suburban customer while the Family Dollar customer is largely urban and rural.
• We are combining complementary merchandise expertise, adding the Family Dollar expertise in name brand consumable products to the Dollar Tree variety, seasonal and discretionary product and global sourcing power.
• This combination generates significant and immediate opportunities for operational improvement and near-term opportunities for synergies. We have identified the opportunity to realize at least $300 million in annual run-rate hard- cost synergies by the end of Year 3.
Our primary areas of initial focus regarding the integration will include:
• The Customer – An intense focus on the value customer and delivering the merchandise assortment to serve their needs and wants. This will include a mix of name-brand and private-label basics alongside variety and seasonally relevant product. We will continue the return to EDLP by delivering everyday values at competitive prices.
• Improving sales per foot and inventory productivity by expanding high-performing categories and eliminating products that do not meet our sales and profitability thresholds.
• Enhancing the customer experience and improving the table stakes by developing plans to consistently deliver the promise of a bright, clean and friendly store to shop. We will be tracking key metrics closely to monitor progress.
• Increasing new store, remodel and expansion performance with a keen focus on profitability improvement metrics and ROIC.
 6
consecutive years of gross margin exceeding 35%
 5
consecutive years of double-digit operating margins
 Dollar Tree Annual Report 2014 3
 
  ADDING THE WELL-KNOWN AND ESTABLISHED FAMILY DOLLAR BANNER TO OUR PORTFOLIO OF BRANDS WILL BE TRANSFORMATIONAL TO OUR BUSINESS.
  We are confident that placing our initial emphasis in these areas can materially enhance the operating performance of the Family Dollar brand through improvements in sales, margins, expense control and greater customer satisfaction.
Our team is incredibly excited about this transformational opportunity to grow our business for the long-term by adding the Family Dollar banner to
our portfolio of brands. As always, we will manage this business with a focus on what is best for our stakeholders, including: our customers, our vendor partners, our associates and, importantly, our long-term shareholders.
More Growth Ahead
Looking forward, we have a great opportunity to serve more customers in more markets through a larger, more diversified business.
At Dollar Tree, we plan to continue our planned
pace of growth by opening 400 new stores in 2015 and expanding or relocating an additional 75 stores. Overall, square footage devoted to selling at Dollar Tree is expected to expand by 7.2% for 2015.
Regarding Family Dollar, our initial focus will be integrating our companies successfully and making
10.5% CAGR
customer-facing improvements to the business. We will accelerate the growth of the brand as we improve the operating metrics and return on investment.
As a bigger, stronger and more diversified organization, we have a tremendous opportunity for new store growth ahead of us.
In addition to adding new stores, running better stores is just as critical for our business. We operate in an environment of continuous improvement and are never satisfied with the status quo. We are relentless in identifying ways to be more productive and efficient throughout our business, including store operations, merchandising, supply chain, back-office support and through our use of technology.
We continue to be pleased with the development of and the growth in our on-line business at Dollar Tree Direct. Launched in 2009, our e-commerce platform provides an opportunity to broaden our customer base, drive incremental sales, expand the brand and attract more customers into our stores. Whether customers prefer to contact Dollar Tree Direct via their phones, their tablets, their laptops or their desktops, we are ready and able to connect with them. Please check us out at DollarTree.com.
       5.9 6.6
2010 2011
2012 2013
Net Sales
($ in Billions)
$1.55
2010
7.4
7.8
8.6
2014
19.5% CAGR
$2.68 $2.72 $2.90
$2.01
2011 2012 2013 2014
Earnings per Diluted Share
       4 Dollar Tree Annual Report 2014

  AS I LOOK TO THE FUTURE, I SEE EVEN MORE EXCITING OPPORTUNITY. OUR COMPANY IS STRONG. WE ARE POSITIONED TO CONTINUE GROWING PROFITABLY FOR MANY YEARS AHEAD.
  Corporate Governance and Shareholder Value
Dollar Tree has a long-standing commitment to corporate governance and to delivering value for our long-term shareholders.
Our Board of Directors is active, engaged, and committed to responsible corporate governance. The majority of the Board is comprised of independent directors; we have a lead independent director and all of the standing committees of the Board consist entirely of independent directors. The Board regularly reviews the Company’s governance practices and has made several changes in recent years. We continue to maintain an open dialogue with shareholders on governance-related matters, and we seek to enhance our understanding of the evolving corporate governance best practices within our industry.
Above all, we believe in strict adherence to our
core values of honesty, integrity and transparency in all aspects of our business. These values are reflected in the strength of our financial controls and in our relationships with customers, vendor partners, associates and our shareholders.
For 2014, as expected, we again earned a “clean bill of health” with no material control weaknesses noted in our assessment, supporting that our accounting and reporting processes are in compliance with the requirements of Sarbanes-Oxley legislation.
Dollar Tree has consistently generated significant cash flow and has been a prudent manager of capital for the benefit of long-term shareholders. The best use of capital, in our view, is to support continued growth of the business at a sustainable pace.
In Closing
Dollar Tree has a long record of consistent, profitable growth. This performance has been the result of the collaborative efforts of tens of thousands of Dollar Tree associates working together to deliver value to every customer at every store every day.
As I look to the future, I see even more exciting opportunity. Our Company is strong. We are positioned
to continue growing profitably for many years ahead. The Dollar Tree brand is a benchmark of value for our customers’ basic variety store needs and wants. We are constantly searching for more and better ways to serve an expanding base of customers and to create jobs in the markets we serve and development opportunities for our associates while also continuing to deliver value to our shareholders.
We are eager to complete our acquisition and welcome Family Dollar associates to the Dollar Tree team. Together we will be a stronger, more diversified business providing more values to more customers and will have many, many years of profitable growth ahead of us.
We remain committed to a concept that customers love. We have a vision of where we want to go and the infrastructure, capital and, most importantly, a talented management team with a long history of retail success to lead us there.
As you have heard me say many times, the best is yet to come!
Bob Sasser
Chief Executive Officer
   Dollar Tree Annual Report 2014 5
