 BOB SASSER
President and Chief Executive Officer
                  2 DOLLARTREE,INC.•2008ANNUALREPORT
To Our Shareholders
What a great time to be Dollar Tree! In a year of unprecedented challenges, Dollar Tree set new records for sales and earnings, increased operating margin, expanded selling square footage by 6.7%, and grew cash net of debt by more than $284 million. These are outstanding results by any measure but especially impressive given the economic backdrop of record-high prices for gasoline, diesel fuel and utilities, a meltdown in financial markets, declining consumer confidence and rising unemployment. Our model is resilient and last year was validation of its strength. At Dollar Tree, we have a long history of industry leading financial performance through good times and bad and the reasons are really very basic. We have a concept that consumers love, we are vigilant about understanding what our customers need and we do our best to give it to them. Results in 2008 demonstrate our continued relevance to our customers and our ability to provide great value in the products they want and need in a clean, bright, convenient shopping environment.
2008 Financial Results
Our total sales were $4.64 billion, an increase of 9.5% over last year’s sales of $4.24 billion. Comparable store sales increased 4.1%, including a 3.7% increase in traffic for the year. I am proud to report that our sales performance earned the Company a place in the Fortune 500 largest corporations in America for the first time. I am even more proud to state that we are the only Fortune 500 Company to have achieved this milestone “a dollar at a time.” Today, as in each of the 23 years since our founding in 1986, everything at Dollar Tree stores is priced at $1 – or less – every day.
Our diluted earnings per share were $2.53, an increase of 21% over last year’s $2.09, which was another record. Operating income increased by $35 million (10.7%), and operating margin increased to 7.9%, compared to 7.8% in fiscal 2007. Our operating margin remains among the highest in the value retail sector. Net income rose 14%, and we grew our cash net of debt by $284 million. Long term debt remained $250 million, unchanged from the previous year.
All of these successes speak to the underlying strength and flexibility of our business model, especially in light of the year’s economic headwinds. Dollar Tree can adapt quickly to a changing environment to offer value in all seasons – throughout changing cycles and circumstances – to our customers, our shareholders, our associates, and our communities.
Review of 2008 Goals and Accomplishments
Our primary goal for 2008 was to drive profitability by growing the top line, and by all measures cited above we accomplished that goal. Even the negative impact of severe winter storms that started in the Pacific Northwest and tracked across the northern section of the country during the last 10 shopping days before Christmas was largely offset by the business in our warmer-weather stores, and as the storms passed, sales in the affected areas rebounded.
I view our performance as further evidence of Dollar Tree’s growing relevance to the consumer. Dollar Tree’s exceptional value and convenient, friendly shopping experience are more important now than ever before. Customers know they can save money and stretch their household budgets at Dollar Tree, and they continue to respond in record numbers. In fact, for millions of consumers, Dollar Tree is becoming a destination as they look to find ways to manage their family budgets under tremendous pressure.

                One key to our relevance in both good times and bad is an increased selection of basic consumable products, items that are needed every day. During the past few years, we have grown our store size to accommodate the addition of these “needs-based” products to
our previously mostly discretionary product mix of party supplies, seasonal decor, gifts, stationery, and higher-margin variety merchandise. Specifically, we have added more health and beauty care products, household cleaning supplies, food, beverages, and grocery items. For example, we added freezers and coolers to 135 Dollar Tree stores in 2008; at the end of the year, we had frozen and refrigerated foods in 1,107 Dollar Tree stores compared to
972 stores at the end of 2007. Although these products are lower margin, they are faster turning and drive footsteps into our stores on a more frequent basis.
The expansion of payment type acceptance also continues to contribute positively to our results. Debit card acceptance was rolled out to all stores by mid-2006, yet our debit card penetration continued to increase in 2008. Visa credit card acceptance was extended to all of our stores in October 2007. As expected, credit card penetration increased throughout 2008, and we expect the penetration of credit as well as debit to continue increasing throughout 2009.
With our increased mix of food items, Food Stamps have also become more relevant. We currently accept Food Stamps in 2,200 qualified stores, compared with 1,054 stores last year, and that number will continue to grow as we roll out frozen and refrigerated product to more stores.
Logistics efficiency was more important than ever as we faced record high fuel costs in 2008. Our logistics team found ways to save costs through greater cube utilization of our trailers and increased less-than-trailer-load consolidation. In addition, backhauls increased more than 10% and Distribution Center productivity improved almost 15% over the prior year. I am very proud of the team; it was a great performance in a challenging environment.
In 2008, inventory turns continued to increase – for the fourth consecutive year. Our current distribution network has the capacity to handle $6.7 billion in sales volume with no addi- tional investment. Accordingly, every new store we open makes our network more efficient.
Also in 2008, our already solid and scaleable infrastructure was further strengthened. Our technology team opened a new data center without interruption. We also launched
a new assortment planning tool and integrated it into the buying process. This new tool more closely links the buying to the selling at store levels – enabling more efficient merchandise allocations, increased customer satisfaction, improved sell through, and increased inventory turns.
Our second priority for 2008 was to optimize our real estate network. This year, we opened 211 new Dollar Tree stores and 20 new Deal$ stores, finishing the year with 3,591 stores. We also expanded and relocated another 86 stores and grew total square footage 6.7%. Our new stores averaged 10,310 square feet, which is within our targeted size range of 10,000 to 12,000 square feet. California is our number-one state with 267 stores, followed by Texas with 227 stores, and Florida with 217 stores. We have plenty of room to grow: 36 states have less than 100 Dollar Tree stores.
Developing our Deal$ concept was our third priority for 2008. In addition to opening 20 new Deal$ stores, we also expanded the size and skill base of our Deal$ team, including bringing on new leadership. We focused on developing a more compelling assortment of high value merchandise for the Deal$ customer, and are seeing positive response. We believe that Deal$ fills a unique void in the value retail segment, and as we continue to develop the model, it will give us the ability to serve even more customers in more markets.
                                                                                                                                                                                         DOLLAR TREE, INC. • 2008 ANNUAL REPORT 3
 
                                                                                                                                                                                                    4 DOLLARTREE,INC.•2008ANNUALREPORT
The fourth priority for 2008 was the continued development of our people. This goal of course is of the utmost importance, as retail is ultimately a “people business.” Therefore, in 2008, we were committed to driving successful talent management throughout our organization; to improving succession planning, training, and development; and to further reduce field management turnover. Overall, we continue to build on the positive, high-per- formance culture at Dollar Tree, because in order to succeed Dollar Tree must be an excit- ing, motivating, enthusiastic, and fun place to work.
Finally, our fifth goal for 2008 was capital deployment – building value for our shareholders. This means running the business as effectively as possible, and managing our capital in a way that enhances shareholder return. For 2008, earnings per diluted share were $2.53, versus $2.09 in 2007 – a 21% increase. Our share price increased more than 50% for the fiscal year.
Capital expenditures in 2008 were $131 million, compared with $189 million last year. The majority of capital expenditures this year were for new stores – our best use of capital – remodeled and relocated stores, and the addition of frozen and refrigerated capabilities to 135 stores.
Early in the year, we restructured our debt, locking in a $250 million term loan until 2013, and adding the flexibility of a $300 million revolving credit line, if needed. We did not use the revolving credit line in 2008.
Dollar Tree has long believed that share repurchase can be an effective means of using excess free cash flow for the benefit of long-term shareholders. In the three years prior to 2008, we invested more than $900 million for repurchase of Dollar Tree stock, including $473 million in 2007 alone. In 2008, in the face of economic uncertainty, we believed that the soundest strategy was to build cash, and so we did not repurchase any shares. As a result, we entered 2009 with more than $364 million in cash and $454 million remaining in our share repurchase authorization. As has been our practice, we will continue to review share repurchase opportunistically as a potential tool for building value for our long-term shareholders.
Corporate Governance and Shareholder Value
I am proud of Dollar Tree’s long-standing commitment to responsible corporate governance, and of our success in building value for our long-term shareholders.
The Company’s Board of Directors is active, involved and committed to strong cor- porate governance. The majority of our Board is comprised of independent directors,
all of the standing committees of the Board consist entirely of independent directors and we have a lead independent director. The Board regularly reviews the Company’s governance and the effectiveness of the Board, Board committees and individual directors. The Board is committed to reviewing best practices and is open to making changes. In recent years these have included the following.
• In 2003:
• Separating the roles of Chairman and CEO.
• In 2007:
• Adopting a majority vote policy for directors who run unopposed, • Appointing a lead independent director, and
• Adopting detailed Corporate Governance Guidelines.
 
                 • In 2008:
• Amending the Company’s Articles of Incorporation to eliminate supermajority voting, and
• Adopting a policy limiting change of control benefits and providing that no benefits subject to a performance measure will vest in a change of control unless and until the performance measure is attained.
In addition, we have added three new independent directors since July 2007.
Above all, we believe in strict adherence to our core values of honesty, integrity, openness and transparency in all aspects of our business. These values are reflected in the strength of our financial controls and in our relationships with customers, suppliers, associates and our shareholders. For 2008, we once again earned a “clean bill of health” with no material weakness noted in our assessment of controls supporting the accounting and reporting processes in compliance with the require- ments of Sarbanes-Oxley legislation. In 2009, as I have stated in previous years, you can be assured that we will continue to operate Dollar Tree with an unwavering commitment to financial integrity and the related financial controls as a foundation for building long-term shareholder value.
Summary
For more than a year, the retail environment has been especially challenging, even before the onset of the current economic crisis. Pressure on costs, especially diesel fuel and energy, were the most intense they have ever been. But through it all, Dollar Tree has continued to grow and strengthen.
In 2008, we generated positive comp store sales in every quarter, grew revenue by 9.5%, increased earnings per share by 21%, and improved our operating margin. Our investments in infrastructure continue to translate into better inventory man- agement, more efficient stores, improved in-stock position, and better execution of our model.
While many other retailers have been pulling back, we continue to open new Dollar Tree stores – including new Deal$ stores, which is an exciting and progressing concept. We have the capital available to support our growth plans, while generating substantial free cash. And our prudent cash management strategy in 2008 has put us in a strong position going into 2009, a position with much more flexibility than last year.
Our goals for this year are to continue to drive profitable growth by leveraging our infrastructure to provide our customers the best imaginable value for their dollar and a better shopping experience than ever. We will also continue to develop, improve and expand Deal$, striving to build more merchandise excitement for the Deal$ customer. As always, our people are the key to everything we do. We will strive to develop our people, and provide opportunities for
personal growth and advancement commensurate with a Company that is financially strong and growing. Of course, we will also strive to build value for long-term shareholders by running the business as efficiently and effectively as possible and managing our capital for enhanced long-term shareholder return.
As we enter 2009, we know that our customers are under intense pressure. But we also know that they will find no better place to stretch their dollars than at Dollar Tree. We are squarely in the bull’s-eye of what customers are looking for, and are selling what they want to buy. In fact, our dollar price point and our increased mix of consumer basics make Dollar Tree more relevant now than ever. We are determined to do everything we can to be a part of the solution to the daily challenge of balancing household budgets. All of which means we continue to offer real value – in this season,
as in every season.
Bob Sasser
President and Chief Executive Officer
 DOLLAR TREE, INC. • 2008 ANNUAL REPORT 5
