 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Dollar Tree continued to grow and improve in 2007. Our total sales were
a record $4.24 billion. Comparable store sales increased by 2.7%, and earnings per share were $2.09, another record. We improved our gross margin, increased inventory turns and our operating margin remains among the highest of retailers in the value sector. We invested in our future by increasing our total store square footage, adding frozen and refrigerated capability to more stores and expanding our Distribution Center in Briar Creek, PA. We generated significant cash flow, and returned value to our long-term shareholders by investing more than $473 million on share repurchases without increasing our long-term debt.
REVIEW OF 2007 GOALS AND ACCOMPLISHMENTS
As always, we entered 2007 with a specific list of goals for the year. Our primary goal for 2007 was to grow our top line and continue to produce sector-leading profitability. We do this by managing every aspect
of our business to deliver great merchandise and a fun, friendly, convenient shopping environment for our cus- tomers. This is the key to the Dollar Tree extreme-value proposition. Each Dollar Tree store offers a wide assort- ment of variety merchandise at incredible values. Our merchandise strategy provides an ever changing mix of exciting seasonal merchandise, branded product — including well-known national brands, popular regional brands and exclusive Dollar Tree brands — and high value closeouts. Our goal is to create merchandise excitement for our customers, every time they visit our store.
In recent years we have increased our selection of basic products; items that people need everyday and are more frequently purchased. Because of the value we offer, we have become more of a destination for categories such as basic cleaning supplies, health and beauty care products and paper goods. Our expanded product selection has been embraced by our customers who are making more frequent shopping trips to our stores. While there, customers continue to be surprised by the extreme-value seasonal product and variety merchandise, which continue to account for the majority of our sales. This is a factor that differentiates Dollar Tree, setting us apart from our competitors in the extreme-value sector. In addition, improved replenishment methods are providing a better in-stock position on these products and we believe this has been a real driver of increases in both customer traffic and our average ticket.
As we have increased our offering of basic everyday products, we continue to expand frozen and refrigerated product to more stores. In 2007, we added freezers and coolers to a total of 340 stores. At the end of the year, we had freezers and coolers in 972 Dollar Tree stores compared to 632 stores the same time last year.
The expansion of our payment type acceptance continues to contribute positively to our results. We currently accept Food Stamps in about 1,000 qualified stores, and the penetration of Debit Card usage continued to grow throughout the year. We rolled Visa credit card acceptance to all of our stores nationwide on October 31, just in time for the Holiday season. We began to see a lift from Visa credit almost immediately in the fourth quarter, particularly
 Bob Sasser
President and
Chief Executive Officer
     2 DOLLAR TREE, INC. • 2007 ANNUAL REPORT

in terms of transaction size. We expect penetration of Visa credit to continue increasing throughout 2008.
In terms of profitability, we achieved 7.8% operating margin in 2007, which remains among the highest in the extreme-value retail sector. Gross margin improved 20 basis points over 2006, driven by higher merchandise margins.
Our second objective was to continue growing our store base, and refining our real estate processes. Our goals are to open stores earlier in the year, to maximize their productivity through improved site selection, improve the construction process and ultimately to increase our return on invested capital. In fiscal 2007 we opened 240 New Stores, expanded and relocated 102 existing stores, and increased retail square footage by 8%. Our new stores averaged just under 11,000 square feet, a size that is within our targeted range, and ideal from the customers’ perspective, allowing them to see a full display of merchandise in an open and bright shopping environment, while keeping their shopping trip quick and convenient. We ended fiscal 2007 with 3,411 stores and room to grow. We believe that we can operate 5,000 to 7,000 Dollar Tree stores across the country and our Deal$ “multi-price point” concept has the potential to expand that number.
Third, leverage our infrastructure investment. Significant investments in infrastructure over the past few years are contributing to improved performance. Our logistics network is highly automated, efficient and capable of delivering product to all 48 contiguous States and we have capacity to support growth to $6.7 billion of annual sales without additional investment. Our technology infrastructure and particularly our investment in Point of Sale applications has given us the ability to improve our flow of product to stores, reduce back room inventory and improve operating efficiency. Our Automated Store Replenishment tool is improving our in-stock of basics. Demand driven allocations of new product consistent with sales trends is driving store sales and our sell-through of seasonal product is increasing. These investments are enabling us to improve the efficiency and increase the capacity of our logistics network, lower our per-store inventory investment and increase inventory turns. Inventory per store has declined by more than 16% in the past three years, and finished 2007 essentially unchanged from last year. In addition, inventory turns increased 25 basis points in 2007, on top of a 45 basis point increase the previ- ous year, and our in-stock position on basics continues to improve.
Fourth, refine the multi-price model at Deal$. We acquired the Deal$ chain in 2006, as a platform to develop a multi-price format, lifting the
                                          03 04 05 06 07
                                                                                                        03 04 05 06 07
DOLLAR TREE, INC. • 2007 ANNUAL REPORT 3
 
 restriction of the $1 price point to offer even more value and convenience to our customers while leveraging the strengths and infrastructure of Dollar Tree. We began converting the stores to multi-price in the fall of 2006. In 2007 we honed the multi-price model and focused the merchandise assortment. We are excited about the availability of new merchandise opportunities at the higher prices and the lift that it gives us in average ticket. The key elements of a Deal$ store are surprising value, convenience and a fun and friendly shopping experience.
Our best test of the concept is in the opening of new Deal$ stores in new markets. In 2007 we opened 23 new stores and relocated 4 existing Deal$ stores, bringing our total to 137 multi-price Deal$ stores at year-end. We have expanded the concept into new regions, including opening our first Deal$ stores in the Northeast, with very good early results. We are very excited about the Deal$ concept and we recognize the growth opportunity it represents. We believe Deal$ fills a unique niche in the value retail segment. It offers an opportunity to serve even more customers in more markets.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND SHAREHOLDER VALUE
Dollar Tree is committed to responsible corporate governance. We constantly analyze best practices and respond with changes accordingly. In 2007, we adopted a majority vote governance policy with respect to the election of directors who run unopposed, created an independent committee with responsibility for Corporate Governance, established the position of Lead Independent Director on our Board, and added two new independent directors.
Most importantly we remain focused on upholding our core values of honesty, integrity and transparency. We are uncompromising in these values and they will always be reflected in our strength of financial controls, and our open and straight forward relationships with our customers, our suppliers, our associates and our shareholders. For 2007, we once again earned a “clean bill of health” with no material weakness noted in our assessment of controls supporting the accounting and reporting processes, in compliance with the requirements of Sarbanes-Oxley legis- lation. You can be assured that, in 2008, we will continue to operate our Company with a strong commitment to financial integrity and the related internal controls while driving to a cost efficient infrastructure that delivers shareholder value.
In addition to solid growth in revenue and earnings, in 2007 we returned more than $473 million to our shareholders in the form of share repurchase. We believe this to be a good use of cash and we will continue to examine strategies to build total shareholder returns.
We also recently enhanced our long-term debt structure, replacing our previous $450 million Revolving Credit Facility with a $300 million Revolving Credit Facility and a $250 million term loan. The new structure provides greater flexibility and a more favorable LIBOR spread than our previous structure. Our long-term debt at the end of 2007 was unchanged from the previous year.
2008 GOALS AND OBJECTIVES
For 2008, we intend to build on the progress made last year by focusing our efforts on five key priorities. First and foremost, to drive profitability by growing our top line, providing surprising merchandise value and merchandise excitement to our customers, maximizing our gross margins and maintaining tight control of expenses. We will continue to expand our frozen and refrigerated product, adding freezers and coolers to 150 stores in 2008.
4 DOLLAR TREE, INC. • 2007 ANNUAL REPORT

Second, we will continue to optimize our real estate network, opening stores on schedule, improving the site selection process and increasing new store productivity. We will have bigger, more impactful Grand Openings, and will strive to continue lowering our construction costs.
Third, we will further develop, improve and expand Deal$, opening 30 new Deal$ stores, expanding the size and skill base of our Deal$ team, and developing a more compelling assortment of high value merchandise for the Deal$ customer.
Fourth, we will emphasize the continued development of our people. We are driving successful talent management throughout our organization, to improve succession planning, training and development and further reduce field manage- ment turnover. We are building on our positive culture at Dollar Tree, to ensure that Dollar Tree is an exciting, motivating, enthusiastic and fun place to work, with expanding opportunities for career growth and personal development.
And finally, we are dedicated to building value for our long-term share- holders. This means running the business as effectively as possible, and manag- ing our capital in a way that enhances shareholder return.
SUMMARY
The economic landscape in 2008 is uncertain and challenging for many Americans. Rising prices for fuel and other basic commodities together with declining home values and tighter credit are putting pressure on family budgets at all income levels. In this environment, I believe Dollar Tree is more relevant than ever. We can be part of the solution for millions of consumers across America who are looking for ways to stretch their dollars — by delivering great value on products that people need and want everyday, by being in-stock in basics and by providing a bright, friendly, fun, convenient shopping experience. Dollar Tree has the tools necessary to continue to succeed in this environment. We are financially strong, we have a unique, successful retail concept, we
have a solid, scalable infrastructure, and we continue to deliver sector-leading profitability. I believe that Dollar Tree is right for the times and, now more than ever, I believe the best is yet to come!
Bob Sasser
President and Chief Executive Officer
                                                                                                                                                                       DOLLAR TREE, INC. • 2007 ANNUAL REPORT 5
 