 From the CFO
At Dollar Tree we are keenly aware of our responsibility on Delivering Shareholder Value. This means virtually all deci- sions made are designed to increase the long-term value
of our company, while maintaining financial controls that represent the utmost integrity and transparency. These are basic tenants on which our business was built, and which will continue to guide our decisions in the future.
This year, we successfully completed our second years’ compliance efforts under the requirements of Sarbanes- Oxley legislation. Once again, we earned a “clean bill of health” with no material weakness noted in our accounting and reporting processes. As a public Company, we share the desire by many to deliver improved profitability year after year. However, you can be assured that we will con- tinue to operate our Company with a strong commitment to financial integrity and the related internal controls while driving to a cost efficient infrastructure that delivers bottom line results.
Speaking of results, we believe 2005 was a pivotal year in which Dollar Tree improved many key performance metrics, controlled expenses and focused on asset manage- ment with the goal of increasing liquidity and franchise value. Allow me to share with you examples to support this statement.
Key Performance Metrics
As a result of the progress in 2005 with many of our Company’s initiatives, we achieved an increase of over 20% in the sales per square foot in our class of 2005 stores and Return on Invested Capital for new stores improved by more than 10%. Further, total inventory decreased 6%, despite a 13% increase in retail square footage, and inven- tory turns improved from 4.0 to 4.2 at the store level and from 2.9 to 3.1 for the whole company. We also did a good job of controlling our expenses.
I am especially proud of the efforts throughout Dollar Tree that, despite a challenging year, with no increase in comparable-store sales and inflationary pressures such as higher fuel prices, our Selling, General and Administrative expenses remained at 26.2% of sales — the same rate as the previous year. Some of the ways we achieved this rate were through implementing a re-designed medical benefits plan, controlling workers’ compensation expenses, and pursuing other opportunities to reduce elements within our cost structure.
Liquidity and Capital
At Dollar Tree “cash is king” and we take great efforts to maintain our strong balance sheet. At year end, cash, cash
Kent Kleeberger
Chief Financial Officer
equivalents and investments totaled $340 million versus $318 million a year ago. In addition, another $30 million was earmarked for pledged investments to support our insurance programs, which are reflected as long-term assets. Also, the Company expended $140 million for capital expenditures in 2005, principally for new and relocated stores.
Our increase in cash in 2005 is particularly impressive considering that we also expended $180 million for common share repurchase. We view share repurchases as accretive as well as a good use of free cash flow — a direct benefit to our shareholders. We will continue to repurchase shares under our $300 million authorization as market conditions warrant. As of fiscal year-end 2005, we have $173 million available for repurchase against this authorization.
We are planning 2006 capital expenditures of about $145-$155 million, which coincidentally is approximately equal to our projected depreciation and amortization. However, as we begin to explore new product opportunities arising from the Deal$ acquisition, there will be additional cash requirements to consider. The good news is, all of these activities will be funded from internally generated cash. Moreover, we believe the Dollar Tree business model will continue to generate a significant amount of additional free cash flow over and above all of these investments.
With rigorous attention to all aspects of the business, we expect 2006 to be another good year of progress toward our constant goal of delivering increased value
to our shareholders.
I look forward to serving you, our shareholder.
Kent Kleeberger
Chief Financial Officer
  DOLLAR TREE STORES, INC. • 2005 ANNUAL REPORT 5
  