                                         To Our
SHAREHOLDERS
On paper, “The Art of the Possible” appears to be five ordinary words. But here at Dollar Tree, they take on a life of their own.
To us, it’s all about taking the impossible and making it possible. It’s taking an idea and watching
it grow from a concept, to a sketch on paper, to a piece of art in the form of merchandise. The Art of the Possible is retaining the same $1 retail price we’ve charged since the company opened for business in 1986. The Art of the Possible is a living art, one that’s taking place in more than 2,700 Dollar Tree stores, all across the United States.
Of course, it’s our associates that really bring The Art of the Possible to life. More than 35,000 dedicated field associates bring passion to their jobs, ensuring stores are neatly organized, shelves are stocked with the right items, and customer purchases are rung efficiently. The infectious, can-do spirit of these associates imparts such a positive impression
of Dollar Tree that our customers find themselves enthusiastic about coming back — again and again and again.
Delivering variety, value, and convenience with merchandise that consumers want and need — that’s our whole purpose for being. And let’s not forget: Everything’s $1, in every aisle, every day, all year long.
And to our customers, that’s what sets us apart. With a “$1 only” pricepoint, and a nationwide presence, we’re unique. Dollar Tree brings new meaning to everyday low price.
Even in a tough year, when gasoline prices
soared to record highs, Dollar Tree’s operating margin remained the envy of other retailers. So not only are we able to create merchandise that delivers tremen- dous value to our customers, we’re able to do so profitably — a win-win. That’s how we deliver
The Art of the Possible to our investors.
Speaking of this past year, it certainly threw a number of curveballs and challenges at us. Record high gas prices crimped the disposable income of
our customers, while also increasing the cost to import and transport merchandise to our distribution centers and stores. Four hurricanes hitting Florida in less than two months caused upheaval for everything from trucking to store operations. But our stores weathered the storms, with some even doing business by candlelight — talk about dedication! Despite everything the commodity markets and Mother Nature threw our way, I am proud that we not only survived these tests but thrived.
During these past several years, we have reinvested in the business to open up new possibilities for Dollar Tree and drive stronger results in the years ahead. Just some of our noteworthy accomplishments in 2004 include:
• Successfully opening two new distribution centers: one in Ridgefield, Washington, the other in Joliet, Illinois. Seamlessly opening one new distribution center would be cause enough for a high-five. Two in the same year are cause for celebration. Having it occur in a year when the cost of gasoline soared is priceless. These two new distribution
Net Sales
(In millions)
'04 '03 '02 '01 '00
$3,126 $2,800
                                                             2 DOLLAR TREE STORES, INC. • 2004 ANNUAL REPORT
$2,329 $1,987
$1,688

                                         centers made possible dramatic reductions in the average distance our trucks travel from distribution center (DC) to store, helping to partially mitigate the increase in fuel prices.
• Becoming the first truly national dollar-store operator in the United States when we opened
our first store in North Dakota. We have the infra- structure and management oversight in place such that we can open new stores anywhere in the continental United States.
• Achieving record retention of store managers. We’ve found there’s a direct link between manager tenure and store performance. So the better the job we do attracting, developing, and retaining qualified managers, the better our stores perform.
• Completing our point-of-sale (POS) rollout to virtually the entire chain. POS technology is now
in place in nearly 2,600 of our stores, providing us the visibility we need to run the business more effi- ciently. To put it in perspective, this technology was not in our stores four years ago. As we know in retail, all items do not sell similarly in each store. Today, we are able to see exactly what’s selling at each store, which makes planning, allocation, and replenishment much more precise. More than ever before, we can provide a better Thrill of the Hunt to our customers, because we know what they’re looking for.
In 2004, we again set record highs for sales and earnings, even though the headwinds from higher energy prices and other factors kept the percentage increases in sales and earnings lower than we have become accustomed to. What’s encouraging, though, is what we have in the works, to drive stronger sales and earnings performances in the years ahead. Here’s a short list:
• Automated store replenishment of additional key categories and items to additional stores will help raise in-stock levels, yet keep backrooms free of excessive inventory.
• New route-optimization software that minimizes the number of trucks and trips we need to make to deliver merchandise to our stores.
• A more-extensive marketing campaign that includes broadcast advertising via electronic media, such as radio and television, as well as public relations to tout new-store openings. It’s all about driving awareness of Dollar Tree and our product, which should increase foot traffic through our stores.
Earnings Per Share
'04 '03 '02 '01 '00
$1.58 $1.54
                                    $1.35 $1.09
$1.08
                  DOLLAR TREE STORES, INC. • 2004 ANNUAL REPORT 3
 Bob Sasser
President and
Chief Executive Officer

                                        • Wider acceptance of tender types, including debit, credit, and even electronic benefit transfer payments.
• Developing a metropolitan store model, where higher sales volumes will help absorb higher operating costs.
• Honing in on an optimal store size: 10,000 – 15,000
square feet is ideal for us, allowing us to show the great merchandise we have to offer, while keeping the shopping trip quick and convenient for our customers. Stores of this size continue to be our best performers.
It may seem like there’s a lot on our plate, and there is. We’re constantly refining what we do, because it’s essential to being a high-growth retailer. “A commitment to continuous improvement is the only way to succeed
in the long run,” according to the authors of “The Value Factor.” “The job of changing will never be ‘done.’ ”
Our 2005 plans revolve almost entirely around stores. For the first time in years, we don’t need to build any new distribution centers. We have ample capacity in our existing distribution network to support all of our store growth in 2005. And there are plenty of places where there’s room for us to grow. While we’re growing, I want to spend more time ensuring each prospective new location meets our criteria for cost, size, sales and profit potential. Meanwhile, we’ll continue to grow our business in new and existing markets, opening about one store per day.
The Dollar Tree formula is pretty simple: New store openings + expansion of existing stores + increas- ing store productivity = top-line growth. We continue to work diligently to drive all three elements of that
formula to generate robust revenue growth. To a certain extent, top-line growth helps drive profitability, insofar as additional sales help us leverage the many fixed-cost investments in the business — whether it’s DCs, technology systems, or our people. But we’ve always believed that we must continue to proactively drive cost out of the system. To that end, you can count on us to keep a sharp focus on expenses in all areas of the business, and we will focus on increasing inventory turns.
Our people are essential to our success in these ini- tiatives. We are grateful for their tireless efforts in every aspect of the business, and it is our mission to profes- sionally develop these people to help drive Dollar Tree’s future growth. We will continue to invest significantly in the development of our associates to foster a stimulating and rewarding environment in the years ahead.
To all of our associates, customers, vendors, and shareholders: We appreciate your loyalty — past, present, and future.
Bob Sasser
President and Chief Executive Officer
 Total Selling Square Footage
(In thousands)
'04 '03 '02 '01 '00
20,444 16,878
                                                     4 DOLLAR TREE STORES, INC. • 2004 ANNUAL REPORT
13,042 10,129
7,818
