> People > Cost management > Transformation Everyone in the company is accountable for these objectives ­ our board of directors and every Deluxer from senior management to the frontline employee. Everything we do, at all levels of the Company, is mapped to this model, and for that reason I believe it is the root cause for why we're so good at what we do. Before moving on to the year's highlights, I want to comment briefly on the resiliency of the product that has been so good to us for so many years ­ the paper check. In an updated 2002 study, the Federal Reserve reported that: > Almost 90 percent of U.S. households have a checking account. > The check is still Americans' preferred non-cash payment method, accounting for approximately 60 percent of all non-cash payments, 42.5 billion transactions annually and $39 trillion in payments. > Checks are the most popular form of bill payment. Yet, the ubiquitous check evolves. For example, a paper check becomes an electronic transaction at the point of sale through the check electronification process. I think the results from the Federal Reserve study assure us that checks will be around for years to come. Let's look at some of the highlights from 2002.

Financial strategy
> In June, we completed a 14 million share repurchase program that was initiated in 2001. Then in August, we announced a follow-up repurchase program, this one for 12 million shares. Share repurchases continue to be cash flow positive to Deluxe on a per-share basis. In fact, we benchmark our investments, including possible acquisitions, against the return rate of share repurchases. > We announced that we would be taking on up to $700 million worth of debt. By all measures, Deluxe was and is, under-leveraged. We enjoy steady and predictable cash flows, and our EBITDA(1) (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization) was over $400 million in 2002. We believe $700 million to be a modest level of debt and it will lower our cost of capital. > We completed a public offering of $300 million of 10-year senior unsecured notes. The debt offering allowed us to take advantage of the low interest rate environment, and the response was tremendous, resulting in a fixed 5 percent coupon.

The check is still Americans' preferred non-cash payment method, accounting for approximately 60 percent of all non-cash payments, 42.5 billion transactions annually and $39 trillion in payments.
2 DLX
(1)

See note 2 on page 33 for a comparison of EBITDA to our operating income for 2002 of $345 million.

Our public reports accurately reflect the performance of our business and can be easily understood by our shareholders.
Executive leadership team
We recently expanded the executive leadership team (ELT) with the addition of Armstead (Army) Ward as senior vice president of human resources and the appointment of Katherine (Kathy) Miller as chief accounting officer. The ELT now stands at 11 members.

Board of directors
In keeping with a practice established in 2001, the board of directors held its January meeting at a Deluxe facility, this time at the Phoenix Customer Care Center. Getting our board into a Deluxe facility at least once a year gives the directors a better feel for our culture, manufacturing processes and how our employees connect with clients and customers. The directors sat with sales and service agents and listened in to live calls. The response was fabulous. Bob Salipante spoke for the entire board when he said, "The employees in this center [Phoenix] demonstrate the power of an engaged work force."

Corporate governance
We continue to refine our corporate governance practices and are committed to transparency in financial statements and disclosures. In fact, we have expanded the financial disclosures in our public filings. Our public reports accurately reflect the performance of our business and can be easily understood by our shareholders. We will continue to proactively address new legislation and seek opportunities to enhance disclosure and adopt new best practices when they're identified. To ensure that our shareholders have visibility to our governance practices, we published our corporate governance guidelines in this year's proxy statement. In addition, our earnings link to our cash flows, and are not merely "paper profits," and we have no special purpose entities. The pride I take in our corporate governance practices was validated by Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS). ISS, the world's leading provider of corporate proxy voting and governance services, analyzes proxies and issues vote recommendations for more than 10,000 U.S. and 12,000 non-U.S. shareholder meetings each year. In its January, 2003 review, ISS compared Deluxe to hundreds of other companies across eight categories, ranking us in the top ten firms for corporate governance practices. Let's move on to highlights from our three business segments.

Deluxe Financial Services (DFS)
DFS, our largest business unit, provides checks and related products to the customers of our 10,000-plus financial institution clients across the United States. DFS also provides e-commerce solutions that help our clients streamline the account opening and check ordering process.

2002 Annual Report 3

> We launched our DeluxeSelectSM program, an initiative we piloted and I wrote about last year. More than 225 banks and credit unions attended two DeluxeSelect expos during which they learned how DeluxeSelect can help increase their customer satisfaction and improve revenue by allowing us to interact directly with their customers. This program capitalizes on our exhaustive market research and unparalleled knowledge of consumer behaviors and preferences. As of this writing, approximately 275 financial institutions were on the program. > We commissioned QualPro, a leading quality testing and consulting organization, to quantify our MICR quality. MICR stands for Magnetic Ink Character Recognition, and is the technology used to print account and bank routing numbers at the bottom of checks. QualPro found that checks produced by Deluxe's proprietary print technology have a significantly lower reject rate than checks produced by the leading competitive printing process. Our unsurpassed MICR quality equates to considerable cost-savings for our financial institution clients because more than 42 billion checks are processed each year, and it costs a financial institution about 87 cents to reprocess each rejected check. > We commissioned another independent study ­ this one from the Brady Group, an independent consulting firm ­ to analyze the efficiency and effectiveness of our customer care organization. The Brady Group rated our call centers on 15 different benchmarked metrics. We earned a composite score of 9.6 out of 10 which equates to a world-class designation and puts our call centers in the top three percent of all call centers, not just those in the check industry.

Deluxe Business Services (DBS)
DBS is our business segment that provides nearly 1.8 million active customers with business checks, forms, labels, personalized stamps and other related products. > We announced our co-branded marketing relationship with Microsoft® Business Solutions Corporation in which we are the exclusive provider of checks and forms for Microsoft Business Solutions. In this relationship, Microsoft's customers have access to our software compatible checks and forms, manual checks, business cards, stationery and a variety of accessory products. > We successfully tested Fraud DefenseSM by Deluxe, a program designed to reduce check order fraud and lower the risk of identity theft. Fraud Defense screens check orders and runs them against our unique, proprietary process that helps determine the likelihood an order is coming from a legitimate, authorized business or individual. Orders that appear suspicious are pulled aside and investigated. Fraud Defense was rolled out on a larger scale early in 2003. > We launched our Business Referral Program Branch Engagement Initiative, a proactive program designed to increase the penetration of our Business Referral Program (BRP) at the branch level (BRP helps us acquire small businesses as customers at the critical point when they open their bank accounts). > We successfully tested our ability to transform our call center from a customer service organization to a customer sales and service environment. The transformation is allowing us to increase order value while at the same time providing customers with better service. > We tested a new stationery and business card product line. Because the results showed that our customers are loyal to our brand and that they are willing to purchase other products from us, we rolled out the program on a larger scale late in the first quarter of 2003.

4

DLX

Direct Checks
Direct Checks is our business segment that sells personal and business checks, checkbook covers, mailing labels and personalized stamps directly to consumers via two brands ­ Checks Unlimited® and Designer® Checks. > We had a record year in Direct Checks, reporting the highest operating income in this business segment's history. > The number of Direct Checks customers ordering via the Internet grew to a record number. > Checks Unlimited received the "Corporate Diversity Award" from the Pikes Peak Coalition of Chambers. Checks Unlimited has a diversity council whose purpose is to educate, inform and promote inclusiveness in the workplace.

Looking ahead ­ the good things continue
2002 was a good year, particularly when you consider some of the challenges that accompanied it ­ a less than robust economy, a competitive pricing environment and a decline in check volume due to the increased use of electronic payments. Are we optimistic about the future? Absolutely! > We believe we can build on 2002's record year and grow revenue and profit within our core business (checks) over the next several years and gain share in the channels we serve. > We have the financial strength to test non-check revenue opportunities and pursue acquisitions that are accretive to earnings and cash flow, while creating maximum value for our shareholders. > We have the discipline to aggressively manage our costs and improve upon our world-class facilities and processes. What's more, we have a workforce with the dedication and initiative to make it happen. > And finally, we have leaders, directors and employees who are all in sync with our business and financial strategies. Why are we so good at what we do? It's really quite simple. I invite you to read more.

A thank you
In closing, I want to thank all Deluxers for making our tremendous year possible. I'd also like to recognize Don Hollis for the many contributions he made to Deluxe's board of directors. Don left the board after more than seven years of service. Sincerely,

Lawrence J. Mosner Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

2002 Annual Report 5

