Deluxe, we are absolutely vigilant about costs. It's been three years now that I've been updating you on our efforts in adopting lean and cellular concepts within our printing facilities. Both approaches have helped us remove millions of dollars worth of activities and processes that created no value. We continue to fine tune our processes to deliver only those elements absolutely critical to the finished product or customer experience. We continue to drive toward optimizing our production capacity. In 2003, we announced our intention to close three more printing facilities-- Indianapolis, Pittsburgh, and San Jose. We'll complete these consolidations later this year.

previous year, as well as confirming that this segment is positioned for significant growth opportunities. The many partnerships we've formed to serve the needs of small businesses continue to perform well. Financial institutions and software companies are seeing the value in referring their small business customers to DBS for checks, forms, and related products. DBS launched a line of stationery (letterhead, envelopes, and business cards) that was received very well by our small business customers. Another product line we're introducing to our small business customers is promotional products. This line of 100-plus products requires personalization, one of our core competencies. The relationship I introduced you to in last year's letter between DBS and Microsoft® Business Solutions strengthened in 2003. Microsoft Business Solutions, a leading provider of integrated, end-toend business applications, honored us with an award for New Vendor Partner Achievement.

Our position of strength
Deluxe is in a better position than any other check printer to grow revenue and manage costs. We possess an unparalleled level of operational excellence, something we consider to be a core competency, along with our personalization and direct marketing capabilities. Specifically, what do I mean by operational excellence? · We are the low-cost producer, printing checks more efficiently and inexpensively than anyone. This is a key competitive advantage that cannot be undervalued in a mature industry. · The thousands of relationships we have with financial institutions, small business customers, business partners, and end consumers give us advantages over the competition and a loyal audience for new products and services. Our clients and customers place a great deal of trust in us as we manage vast quantities of sensitive information. Believe me, we value this trust. · We have engaged, knowledgeable, and trained employees who are focused on serving our clients and enhancing customer relationships. · And finally, we have the financial strength, stability, and discipline to test non-check revenue opportunities, make prudent investments in the company, and acquire businesses that are a sound fit with our own--all with the goal of creating maximum value for our shareholders. Let's move on and look at how we're demonstrating our strengths and leadership role in each of our three business segments.

Deluxe Financial Services (DFS)

In November, we took our DeluxeSelectSM Program to the next level by introducing the "Knowledge Exchange Series," events, publications, and electronic communications designed to help our financial institution clients create unparalleled experiences for their customers. This series leverages our knowledge of consumer needs and preferences. The more than 1,400 executives from 800-plus financial institutions who have been attracted to the program so far are seeing that this series, along with DeluxeSelect, truly differentiate Deluxe from other check printers. Financial Services recently unveiled a new line of accessories and check products that include personalized name and address labels, note cards, stationery, Post-It® Notes, memo pads, pens, computer mouse pads, and two new Disney® check designs. Another new product is an innovative gift check package that's makes gift giving easier and more personalized. We expect all these products to be successful for DFS in 2004 and beyond.

Direct Checks
Our third business segment, Direct Checks, recently launched a number of new products: rolled address labels, holiday labels, business cards, stationery, calendars, and personal planners.

Deluxe Business Services (DBS)
Business Services had an excellent year, improving both their revenue and operating income from the

Chairman's Letter

2

Our Checks Unlimited brand has introduced a product designed to combat identity theft, the nation's fastest growing crime. Named I.D. TheftGuard, this is a comprehensive four-component product, yet it has a very affordable price point. Two other innovative products to come from Direct Checks are their Stamp & Sticker Checks and Check Kits that allow check writers to customize the checks with stickers or stamps, both of which are compatible with check processing machines.

In closing
First, I want to thank Barbara Grogan, for her 12 years of service on Deluxe's board of directors. In accordance with the term limits spelled out in our corporate governance guidelines, Barbara will retire from the board as of this year's annual meeting of shareholders. She has been a tremendous champion of Deluxe and invaluable in seeing the company through substantial transitions during her tenure. I also want to thank all Deluxers for their continued efforts in making Deluxe a great company. I believe that, because of you, there will be many more successful years in our future. And finally, I thank all our clients, customers, and shareholders who continue to place their trust in Deluxe everyday. Sincerely,

Corporate Governance
We take corporate governance seriously at Deluxe, implementing best practices and focusing on enhanced transparency. To ensure that the relationship between our board and management is an engaged and effective one, we created a new board position--lead independent director. Stephen Nachtsheim, the board's corporate governance committee chair, has assumed this role. We are proud of our track record as a leader in corporate governance, but you can judge for yourself by visiting the investor relations portion of our Web site, www.deluxe.com. There you will find an index of documents containing our corporate governance principles and practices.

Lawrence J. Mosner Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Deluxe Corporation

3

Chairman's Letter

