Letter to shareholders
As I write my first letter to you as chief executive officer of Deluxe Corporation, it's winter in Minnesota. By the time you read this, we will be a few weeks closer to spring when the plants will once again break the ground's surface and grow. I'm a gardener, and I planted a bed of hostas when we moved into our home. Now, three years later, they've overgrown their space and need to be separated. I'm not looking forward to the task because it means turning plants that are nearly three feet in diameter into several much smaller plants. Still, I know the job has to be done.The plants need to be separated and relocated so all of them can continue to grow and thrive. The hostas crossed my mind often during last year's separation of eFunds from Deluxe. Whether to spin-off eFunds wasn't an easy decision, but we knew the separation was in the best interest of both companies so that each could thrive and create greater value for its individual shareholders. examined what it is we're really good at, and that's where we found the elements for our vision: "Grow Deluxe by leveraging our personalization, direct marketing and e-commerce competencies." We will realize our vision through five objectives: revenue growth, client and customer loyalty, people, cost management and transformation.You can read more about each one starting on page 8.

Financial strength: the key to increasing shareholder value
Our shared values, vision and objectives are in place so that we can enhance shareholder value. Here's how we have begun and will continue to accomplish this goal: * We successfully completed the spin-off of eFunds Corporation in 2000. We distributed 40 million shares of eFunds common stock to Deluxe shareholders. The spin-off had significant impact on shareholder value, and as of the end of February, Deluxe shareholders had earned 28% from January 31, 2000 when we announced our plan to separate eFunds from Deluxe. * Post-eFunds spin-off, we continue to be financially strong. Cash provided by operating activities in 2000 was $254 million, up from $221 million in 1999. Cash flow per share increased to $3.50 from $2.87 in the same period. Our earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) were $348 million in 2000. * We announced that our board approved a 14 million share repurchase program, demonstrating our continued commitment to increase shareholder value. * We will continue to invest in high-return projects in our business, such as those we've made to enhance and expand our Internet sites. We will also consider strategic acquisitions that leverage our core competencies and are accretive to earnings and cash flow per share. We will use the anticipated rate of return from stock repurchases as a guidepost when exploring future growth opportunities. * We will maintain our annual $1.48 per share cash dividend. At the end of 2000, our yield put us among the top five dividend-paying companies in the Standard & Poor's

A new start
That means 2001 is a new beginning for Deluxe, the year we start to grow all over again. And we will do that by focusing on what we do best ­ provide checks and related products and services to financial institutions, small businesses and consumers. We continue to focus on our printing roots. However, we are firmly geared toward the future.

A vision for Deluxe
A new beginning was a perfect opportunity to ask ourselves what we wanted this company to become. We knew there were a number of values that seemed to be ingrained in the company's culture ­ things we wanted to hold on to. We call them our shared values and they are: Openness, Trust, and Integrity; Innovation; Partnering for the Common Goal; Recognition and Celebration; Respect and Dignity for All; and Quality. While we wanted to keep what was already great about Deluxe, we knew we needed a vision to ensure our success in the future. We looked a level deeper than printing and

Enhancing shareholder value

3

500. Our ability to generate cash, along with our financial strength, makes Deluxe an outstanding value-based, longterm investment.

2000 ­ Key events
In February we announced the acquisition of Designer Checks, Inc. The assimilation of this Anniston, Alabama company into the rest of our business surpassed all expectations, as did the synergies created from the acquisition, cash flow per share, and Designer's contribution to total revenue and profits. We anticipate continued growth in this business. We also saw promising growth in business coming through the Internet, proving that our investment is paying off. The beauty of moving business to the Internet is that it creates a win-win-win situation. End consumers (check writers) win because they have easy and convenient access to Deluxe's full line of checks and accessories, and they enter their own order information which dramatically increases accuracy. Our financial institution clients win because they can focus on selling other more profitable products and services. And Deluxe wins because we move consumers to an order capture vehicle that generates a higher average-per-order dollar value and increased accuracy, all at a lower cost. In 2000, orders via the Internet grew almost 300 percent from the previous year. In the area of services, our SecureMail check-ordering fraud prevention and mail security service protected over 13 million consumers in 2000. And finally, a few pieces of news that were announced early this year but were initiated in 2000. * We signed an agreement with Boeing Employees' Credit Union to be the organization's sole provider of check printing and related services. The contract also calls for Deluxe to provide a variety of e-commerce services to help the credit union serve its members more efficiently at its branches and over the Internet. * We renewed contracts with Citibank, N.A. and The Chase Manhattan Bank, extending our relationships well into the 21st century.
SM

* Last, but certainly not least, was the introduction of the new line of personal checks and accessories featuring Disney® characters (more about this relationship on page 9). This introduction marks the first time Disney® characters have been available to the general public on this type of product. We expect Disney® to become one of our most popular lines.

Checks and more
When asked the question,"Where do you bank?" most people respond with the name of the financial institution where they have their checking account. That's because a checking account remains the anchor relationship between an individual and a financial institution. In fact, consumers spent more than $3 billion on checks ordered through financial institutions in 2000. Most of Deluxe's business is conducted through financial institutions. They trust us to work with their customers on their behalf, eliminating their need for a retail check infrastructure. We also partner with them in providing valuable programs that allow them to maximize relationships with their customers and provide enhanced security. In the highly competitive, mature check-printing industry, delivering value to these customers keeps us ahead of the competition and helps maintain our profit margins.We are confident that our merchandising and direct marketing capabilities, plus Internet sales opportunities, will keep us printing checks for years to come. Nevertheless, Deluxe is more than checks. Through Deluxe Business Forms, we offer a full line of products such as laser forms, envelopes, labels, and tax forms (and, of course, checks) to small offices and home offices. Our computerbased checks and forms are compatible with nearly every off-the-shelf business accounting software program on the market. We also offer a service called the Business Referral Program (BRP) to financial institutions. BRP makes it convenient for small businesses to purchase check and check products directly from their banks and credit unions, and is designed to increase sales for financial institutions.

4

Deluxe Corporation * 2000 Annual Report

People ­ our most valuable resource
When we talk about enhancing shareholder value and delivering quality to customers, our people are at the foundation. Employee commitment, loyalty and productivity are crucial in meeting our goals. In 2000, we undertook an exhaustive survey of employee attitudes to determine what will be needed to keep them fully engaged. As a follow-up, senior management traveled to every Deluxe facility in order to have a dialog with employees. The discussions were informal; no issue was off limits. I know I can speak for my colleagues and say that we were very impressed with employees' honesty. We found that people have a genuine desire to contribute and that they have a deep commitment to improve the company. The visits were so successful that at least one member of the executive team will visit each facility at least twice a year.

Transitions
And a few more acknowledgments: For the first time since 1995, Gus Blanchard isn't the person writing this letter. Gus skillfully led Deluxe as chief executive officer since 1995 and chairman since 1996. He has assumed the same roles with eFunds. I am sincerely grateful for his dedication, integrity and contributions to Deluxe. I also want to thank our departing board members for their service. Dr. James Renier has retired, and Jack Robinson and Hatim Tyabji have joined the eFunds board. And, I'd like to welcome three new members to the Deluxe board of directors: Daniel D. Granger, Cheryl E. Mayberry and Charles A. Haggerty. Their knowledge and experience make them excellent additions. I look forward to working with them and our returning board members as we pilot Deluxe into the future.

Turn the page What's ahead?
We closed out 2000 with optimism and confidence, and began 2001 the same way. We look to the future with equal enthusiasm. And why not? * Deluxe has the financial strength, industry leadership, executive talent and employee commitment necessary for continued success. * We are a leader in our use of technology ­ for printing (our analysis shows that it is the most cost-effective in the industry), within our software (upgrades keep our Internet sites both user-friendly, productive and secure) and for our telephony and customer service computer systems. * We have the sales and marketing skills to find new customers and sell more products and services. We will leverage personalization, quality and value-added services to retain the loyalty of our financial institution clients and consumers. * Our e-commerce capabilities run deep. We have proven that we can not only survive in the world of e-commerce, but thrive. I invite you to read on and to learn more about the five objectives driving our vision. I think you will see a combination of the 85-year-old Deluxe ­ a company proud of its heritage ­ and the "new" Deluxe ­ a company poised with the vision to carry us successfully into the future.

Lawrence J. Mosner Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Enhancing shareholder value

5

