In 2010, Deluxe Corporation delivered on its strategy to turn key

customer insights into action.
We invested in our brand, delivered new solutions, opened new channels and launched new marketing initiatives. Despite the slow economic recovery, we seized opportunities in e-commerce, web services, search engine marketing and regulatory compliance.

That momentum continues into 2011.

Deluxe is moving forward.
We're focused. Fearless. And ready to

make revenue growth happen.

Lee Schram Chief Executive Officer

Tomorrow's success begins with

innovative solutions today.

Deluxe knows its customers better than ever. Our research and analytics teams are developing critical insights and sharpening customer segmentation across the company. We know who our customers are. We understand their business workflows and have pinpointed their most critical challenges. We are turning these insights into action -- and results. Sales at ShopDeluxe.com, our flagship e-commerce site, increased 146% in 2010. Offline, our small business call centers drove a 10% increase in revenue per call while reducing average call times by 19%. Customer solution platforms are key to our success. Deluxe is successfully transforming from a product-driven to a customer solution-driven company. Our customers need partners to help solve key issues ranging from increasing sales and profitability to regulatory compliance, fraud prevention and security. Banks and small businesses are seeking complete solution platforms to navigate these territories. This insight drove the development of several fraud prevention and security solution platforms in 2010, including Deluxe ProventSM identity theft protection solutions for banks, a high-security platform to protect small businesses from financial fraud and theft, and fraud protection and restoration services for our direct check customers. Deluxe has integrated solutions to improve marketing and profitability. We have leveraged the Cornerstone acquisition to create a Growth Services solution portfolio that targets every stage of the financial institution growth cycle. Data and analytics-driven customer targeting has resulted in marketing campaigns averaging 600% return on investment for banks. In 2011, we will introduce our integrated small business marketing solution. The platform is designed to make it easy for small businesses to market using a full range of options and to measure results.

Customer Insight
Banks and credit unions were facing compliance issues and significant fee revenue declines as a result of changes in Regulation E rules related to customer overdrafts.

Deluxe Solution
We were first to market with an education-solution strategy designed to ensure banks understood the rule change and had a turnkey strategy for customer action. Our solution generated a new revenue source, 30% of which was from non-Deluxe check financial institutions.

Customer Insight
Businesses must be found online, but search performance is hard to understand and even harder to measure. Small businesses need help.

Deluxe Solution
Our MerchEnginesSM business developed a do-it-for-me marketing solution to guide small businesses in search engine marketing and social media channels. Conversion tools like call tracking, call recording and lead capture improve lead and sales conversion by as much as 50% and lower the cost per lead.

Our sales channels continue to evolve and expand.

And our focus on customer segmentation online and offline

is driving revenue growth.

Deluxe is optimizing the potential of our large customer base. Four million small businesses, 6,200 financial institutions and 6 million consumers are a powerful customer base with big growth potential. Small businesses and financial institutions are clear about their need for online and offline solutions. Both are critical to their bottom lines. Improved customer segmentation data is allowing us to customize the best solutions, messages and offers at the one-to-one customer level. We continue to optimize our direct-to-consumer channel through continuous website improvements. We also improved revenue per order by 30% among newly acquired Custom Direct customers between April and December 2010. We are building momentum in new sales channels. New customers are vital to Deluxe's growth strategy. We are segmenting and expanding our distribution and sales channels to ensure our products and solutions are available to banks and small businesses through their preferred purchasing channels. We have created national account, franchise, retail and web sales teams, each dedicated to serving key customer segments. We are also leveraging our nearly 300 "local" Safeguard® distributors across North America in new ways. The wholesale channel shows promising demand for our business services platform. Global telecommunications companies, cable companies, internet service providers and media companies are increasingly seeking to outsource their customer web and e-mail services. Through our HostopiaTM solutions, we are growing our white label web hosting business throughout North America, Europe and South America. We are also gaining traction for our online business services platform in this channel.

LogoMojoTM by Deluxe introduced a social and mobile media product suite for small businesses to extend their logo designs to Facebook, Twitter and mobile devices.

marketing strategies using diverse media

We are building our brand through new

platforms and technologies.

Deluxe's overall brand awareness is high, and our number one brand attribute is trust. We also have a strong Net Promoter ® Score of 76, a measure of how likely customers are to recommend our brand. Building from this strong base, we are focused on deepening brand awareness and understanding of the new Deluxe, especially among small businesses. We targeted small business owners through national and grassroots campaigns. Deluxe's 2010 national marketing campaign included cable television, national print, radio, editorial, web and social media, SEO, SEM and direct marketing. We measured performance across channels and are fine-tuning messaging and media to inform our 2011 campaign. We also took our small business story to the streets with a six-city Small Business Heroes tour. Small business owners from Portland to Orlando participated in seminars, met with small business advisors and were converted to qualified sales leads. We launched Project REV, an innovative small business marketing lab. Our research showed that "figuring out what works" is the top marketing concern for 80% of small businesses. We chose nine small businesses to receive up to $5,000 in Deluxe marketing services and a year of one-on-one mentoring to REV their businesses. At the halfway mark, Deluxe is learning new ways to optimize our small business customer experience, and our participants are beginning to see strong results. Amy Sandoz, owner of Ready Set Go Kits, redesigned her logo and website, tested new SEM strategies and refined her selling strategy. Since July, Amy's average monthly website traffic increased 60%, online sales conversion improved 38% and annual sales have increased 300%. Amy Sandoz Ready Set Go Kits

Customer Insight
Research showed Deluxe needs to continue building awareness for its business services among small businesses.

Deluxe Solution
We ran our most varied marketing campaign yet targeting small businesses. Media included print, radio, online, direct marketing and a 12-week direct television test. The campaign generated an estimated 253 million overall impressions.

Fellow Shareholders,
Deluxe emerged stronger from the continued challenging economic environment in 2010 by growing revenue for the first time in five years and significantly increasing operating earnings. We stabilized our core check and product businesses and invested in future revenue growth areas as we continued our transformation. These investments included organic initiatives like e-commerce, web services, customer acquisition, regulatory, and fraud and security offerings. We acquired Custom Direct and Cornerstone to solidify our core checks offerings and to expand opportunities in higher growth business services. We also continued to reposition our brand through investments in advertising, including radio, online, television, mobile event tours, and our Project REV small business marketing lab sponsorships. In addition to our strong print leadership, we invested in our employment brand and created stronger technology and digital expertise by adding sales and technology leaders from our business services acquisitions plus several proven key leaders in the e-commerce, search engine marketing, and web-to-print spaces. We were recognized by SCORE as its top partner of the year, and the EPA ranked us third on its October 2010 list of the largest "green" power purchasers in the printing industry. In shared services infrastructure, we significantly reduced costs and improved the effectiveness of information technology, finance, human resources, real estate and legal functions. Our intense focus on cost reductions has now delivered savings of $325 million. We exited the year with more robust products and services, solidified processes, a better infrastructure and improved financial results. We recognize that there is still a tremendous amount of work to do, but we made great strides in 2010 and, in spite of what we expect will be a continued challenging economy, the entire Deluxe team is committed to building on our progress.

Deluxe grew revenue in 2010 and significantly increased operating earnings.

Deluxe ranked third on the EPA's list of green power purchasers in the printing industry.

We are positioned to

grow revenue through

clear alignment on our strategic direction,

focus on our customers, diversity in our channels
and a differentiated product and service portfolio.
New Solutions, New Channels, New Opportunities

As we enter 2011, our primary focus is on revenue growth as we now have what we believe is the best products and services portfolio in the history of the company. Our improved solutions start with more differentiated, technology-led check offers through investments in automated flat packaging, digital printing, and online portals and dashboards. They also include enhanced internet and web-to-print capabilities and offers that help financial institutions with customer acquisition, regulatory compliance and profitability. Finally, the most significant new solutions growth opportunity is new business services, including web services, logo design, search engine marketing, payroll, and fraud and security services. We will continue to assess potential small to medium-sized acquisitions that complement our large customer bases with a focus on new business services. In addition to financial institutions and direct to the consumer, we have strengthened our channels in small business to include online, retail, wholesale, distributors, dealers and national accounts. Deluxe is now more capable of helping small businesses get and keep customers and helping small to mid-sized financial institutions with customer acquisition, regulatory compliance and profitability offers. These new solutions and channels are driving new differentiated opportunities for us to execute on our strategic focus, and will further enable us to deliver the best personalized customer experience while offering one of the broadest products and services portfolios in each market we serve.
Small Business Services (SBS)

$900 800 700 600 500 400 2008 2009 2010

SMALL BUSINESS SERVICES REVENUE (in millions)

$450 400 350 300 250 2008 2009 2010

SBS revenues grew over 1% as double-digit growth in new and expanded business services offset declines in our core small business products primarily due to a weak economy. We enhanced our internet presence and increased visitor traffic while conversion rates and average order values remained strong. Our 2011 focus in core small business products is on acquiring new customers, increasing our share of wallet through our enhanced ShopDeluxe e-commerce site, growing distributor and channel partners, implementing web-to-print offers and improving segmentation. We will improve the efficiency and effectiveness of our in-bound, out-bound and online customer touch points to maximize revenue scale capability. In new business services, we expect to gain new customers through our telco-focused wholesale model, add services for our retail customers, add marketing services, payroll services and logo customers, and continue to expand search engine marketing offers. We also will look for opportunities to add more business services on our unified technology platform.
Financial Services (FS)

FINANCIAL SERVICES REVENUE (in millions)

$225 205 185 165 145 125 105 85 2008 2009 2010

FS revenues declined about 2% in 2010 as the shift to electronic payments, banking industry turmoil and the economy all negatively impacted check orders in spite of our continued strong retention rates and strong new acquisition rates. We completed our automated flats check packaging technology and digital print installations and implemented state-of-the-art online check portal and dashboard technology for in-branch banking. We made progress in advancing new non-check growth services revenue expansion opportunities, including our Cornerstone acquisition.

DIRECT CHECKS REVENUE (in millions)

pivotal year

2011 is a

for Deluxe.
2011 focus areas
Grow revenue Introduce new business services solutions for small businesses and financial institutions Assess acquisitions that complement our large customer bases with new business services focus Small Business: Services Gain new customers through telco-focused wholesale model Add services for retail customers Add marketing services, payroll services and logo customers Continue to expand search engine marketing offers Small Business: Core Products Acquire new customers Increase share of wallet through ShopDeluxe e-commerce site Grow distributor and channel partnerships Enhance web-to-print offers Continue to improve segmentation Financial Services Gain share in core check revenue Simplify our business model Drive growth services offers for financial institutions Direct Checks Deliver best-in-class direct-toconsumer check experience Maximize the lifetime value of our customers Drive improvements in our operating margins

Our 2011 focus is on gaining share in core check revenue, simplifying our business model, and driving growth services offers for financial institutions. This includes providing loyalty, retention, fraud and security, analytics-driven deposit acquisition, rewards checking, and regulatory compliance offers that differentiate us from competitors and make us a more relevant business partner to our financial institution clients.
Direct Checks

Direct Checks revenue grew 33% in 2010 due to our acquisition of Custom Direct, but declined only 5% excluding the acquisition as improvements in re-order curves were more than offset by the weak economy, which had a negative impact on our consumers' check purchases. We continue to be the nation's leading direct-to-consumer check supplier. For 2011, we expect to continue to integrate the acquisition and create a best-in-class direct to the consumer check experience. Our focus is on maximizing operating cash flow and the lifetime value of our customers by selling checks and additional features and accessories. We expect to reduce our manufacturing costs and lower selling, general and administrative expenses, and drive improvements in our operating margins while generating strong cash flow.
Strategy in Action

We have purposefully positioned ourselves to grow revenue now through clear alignment on our strategic direction, focus on our customers, diversity in our channels, and extensive depth and breadth of our product and services offerings. Deluxe is poised as an indispensable partner in helping our customers get and keep customers. Our technologies are stronger, our e-commerce offers more mature, our infrastructure better, and we are making more intelligent, data-driven decisions. Our focus continues to be on providing simple, easy-to-use, innovative solutions that fulfill customer needs while using continuous improvement principles to operate with a focused sense of urgency on a daily basis. In closing, my sincere thanks again to all Deluxers for your unwavering enthusiasm and dedication, to our customers for your loyalty and trust, to our partners for your engagement and commitment, and to our shareholders for your support and confidence in our transformational journey. We believe 2011 is a pivotal year for Deluxe as we forge ahead to unlock our full potential by continuing to generate revenue growth. In the recent challenging economic times, we have invested in people, technology, products, services, and our brand in order to position ourselves for sustainable revenue growth, while continuing to improve profitability and operating cash flow. We know our time is now and that we are ready to make revenue growth happen. As we work closely with our customers and execute well, we will create continued value for our shareholders.

Lee Schram Chief Executive Officer

Generate strong cash flow

