That's because we acquired
New England Business Service (NEBS) in June of 2004. The acquisition: ·Expanded our small business customer base from 3 million to more than 6 million. ·Substantially broadened the quantity and breadth of our product offerings. We believe we now have the most comprehensive collection of business forms, stationery, promotional products, packaging, checks, and related products for small businesses. ·Added many industry-leading brands and a very dedicated group of employees. ·Expanded our presence in the channels we use to reach small business customers, and increased our ability to serve existing customers more effectively. ·Positions us as a leading resource in the small business products and services space. The NEBS acquisition met all the criteria we established in the acquisition strategy we communicated. It will benefit Deluxe from a corporate-wide perspective, allowing us to: ·Leverage our core competencies, generate profitable revenue growth, and increase our operating efficiencies. ·Grow as a single company more rapidly and profitably than as two separate ones. ·Deliver value for our shareholders. Integration benefits in the last half of the year exceeded our expectations. Employees from both organizations jumped into the myriad of tasks that accompany such an acquisition, allowing us to identify and quickly realize both synergies and opportunities for the new organization. Our efforts paid off in Deluxe's year-end

results. We achieved record annual earnings per share of $3.92. The NEBS businesses contributed $363 million to our year-over-year revenue increase, and $23 million of the $29 million increase in operating income. We expect the synergies to continue to deliver cost efficiencies and generate at least $25 million in annualcost savings in 2005. In the first six months after the acquisition, we divested the France and United Kingdom portion of the NEBS business, a result of our strategy to focus on customers and clients in North America. In addition, we have announced our intent to sell PremiumWear, a NEBS business that designs and supplies apparel and accessories to the promotional products and golf industries. This divestiture will allow us to devote our resources to the many critical initiatives underway in our Small Business Services segment.

Why small businesses?
Based on raw numbers and the outlook for growth, small business is big business. The U.S. government estimates there are 24 million small businesses in the United States. We believe we serve about one fourth of them. While 25 percent is a substantial reach, the 75 percent that aren't current customers represents a huge untapped potential. We anticipate that, beginning in 2006, growth in our Small Business Services segment will offset the expected revenue decline in Financial Services and Direct Checks related to the gradual reduction in the number of checks being written.

Although we have heightened our focus on small businesses and our more diverse product mix will significantly increase our non-check revenues, the thousands of relationships we have with financial institutions (FIs) are critical to our future. Our FI clients will benefit from the NEBS acquisition because the small business customer prospects they refer to us will be served more effectively and have access to our expanded line of products and services.

A new company structure: similar, but different
If you were to look at a visual representation of Deluxe before and after the acquisition, you wouldn't see a lot of change. We're still organized into three business segments. Financial Services and Direct Checks are the same. Our third segment, Small Business Services, consists of our former Business Services segment plus the NEBS companies.

A shared services operations model
We continue to move toward a shared services environment, something we started in 1998. With the recent NEBS acquisition, this approach cre-

ates even more opportunities to realize cost savings. The shared services concept is simple: bring together functions that are frequently duplicated across the company and then offer these services more efficiently and at a lower cost. The benefits of shared services: ·Greater efficiencies. ·Standardized processes. ·Continued improvements. ·Reduced waste. ·The ability of one part of the business to benefit from another's successes.
Still lean

fraud monitoring and protection services that includes: ·Check order screening. ·Daily credit monitoring. ·Assistance in resolving fraud issues. ·Identity theft insurance. ·A comprehensive membership kit that includes, among other items, an initial credit report. We are marketing Deluxe ID TheftBlock on behalf of our FI clients through proactive promotional channels during the checkordering process. The service will generate additional revenue for FIs and be particularly appealing to smaller banks and credit unions that lack the resources to implement identity theft protection solutions of their own.
Deluxe DetectSM

tion. Deluxe Detect not only protects FIs' data, but also allows them to open more accounts with confidence, and earns them revenue when information they've contributed to the database benefits another FI.
Deluxe Knowledge Exchange Series

Financial Services continues to differentiate itself from the competition through its Deluxe Knowledge Exchange Series-- events, quarterly publications, and Web seminars designed to identify and solve customer issues intrinsic to the financial services industry. Since its inception in 2003, the Knowledge Exchange has acquired nearly 3,000 subscribers.

Our operating approach continues to focus on being "lean"--delivering customer value in a process that eliminates waste. We have implemented lean concepts in manufacturing, the function most often associated with lean. We've taken lean further, however, streamlining our processes in finance and human resources as well. We believe we will continue to realize the benefits of lean principles as we introduce them to our call centers, supply chain, and IT.
Further consolidations

A higher dividend
Early in 2005 we increased our regular quarterly dividend, a decision that reflects the strong cash flows generated by our businesses. Our annual dividend is now $1.60 per share.

Efficiencies gained through the shared services model are helping us do more with less; they contributed to the consolidation of six facilities in 2004--Anniston, Ala. (Designer Checks); San Jose, Calif.; Dallas, Texas; Indianapolis, Ind.; Pittsburgh, Pa. (Financial Services); and Tucker, Ga. (NEBS). In January of 2005, we announced our intention to close two additional facilities: Athens, Ohio and Commerce (LA), Calif. (both NEBS).

While Deluxe's ID TheftBlock service is aimed at consumers, a second fraud-prevention product, Deluxe Detect, is geared toward FIs. This relationship-screening tool enables FIs to reduce fraud at their first line of defense--the new accounts desk. Deluxe Detect alerts FIs to high-risk deposits and payments, as well as suspicious identities; it's possible due to a strategic alliance between Deluxe Financial Services and Primary Payment Systems Inc. (PPS), an affiliate of First Data Corp. New account applicants are screened against the PPS Early Warning® databases, which contain both public and non-public informa-

As things change, some stay the same
While Deluxe is a lot different today than it was a year ago, there are a number of qualities that are so fundamental to the Company, they will never change. For example, the shared values I've talked about in previous shareholder letters. Recently, we've updated our Business Alignment Model to reflect the integrated NEBS and Deluxe cultures.

Product and service updates
Deluxe recently introduced two products to address identity theft, one of today's fastest-growing crimes. Identity theft frequently is a traumatic experience for consumers and creates a liability for FIs.
ID TheftBlockSM

After a successful pilot, Financial Services launched Deluxe ID TheftBlock, a suite of

Financial controls and reporting
The integrity of our internal controls and financial statements continues to be a top priority at Deluxe. Rather than elaborate here, I refer you to the enclosed 10-K. It documents our compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley legislation, along with the independent registered public accounting firm's report.

I also want to recognize director Bob Salipante, who is not standing for reelection this year. Bob has been on Deluxe's board since 1996, and was chair of the audit committee at a time when U.S. corporate accounting practices came under intense scrutiny. Through Bob's leadership and support, Deluxe established best practices for our accounting and auditing functions. Thanks, Bob. You will be missed.

mergers and acquisitions often result in new companies that barely resemble the original ones, it's quite an honor to reach this milestone. I believe W.R. Hotchkiss, Deluxe's founder, would be proud of the Company we've become. I have mixed emotions knowing I won't be the one writing next year's letter. I publicly announced my intent to retire, as both CEO and chairman, some time in 2005. As you read the contents of this folder and cast your proxy vote, Deluxe's board of directors is actively seeking my successor. I am confident my replacement will possess impeccable skills and character, and that he or she will lead Deluxe into a future that is as bright and productive as the Company's first 90 years. I wish each one of you the best.

New board members
Deluxe added three new board members in 2004: ·William A. Hawkins, III, President and Chief Operating Officer of Medtronic, Inc. ·T. Michael Glenn, Executive Vice President - Market Development and Corporate Communications with FedEx Corporation, and President and Chief Executive Officer, FedEx Corporate Services ·Isaiah (Ike) Harris, Jr., President, BellSouth Enterprises. I'm very pleased that we were able to add three individuals of this caliber to our board within a single year. Their bios are printed in the enclosed proxy statement.

Thank you
Before closing, I want to thank all 9,000 Deluxe employees for an excellent year, with a special thanks going out to those people who worked so tirelessly on the NEBS acquisition and subsequent integration. It hasn't even been a year yet, but we've made tremendous strides in bringing two great companies together. I think the slogan being used in some of our facilities says it all: Working together, winning together!

Happy birthday to us!
Between the time you read this shareholder letter and the next one, Deluxe will turn 90 years old (November 23, 2005). As the business world becomes more global, and Lawrence J. Mosner Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Deluxe Corporation

Board of directors
Lawrence J. Mosner
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Deluxe Corporation

William A. Hawkins, III
President and Chief Operating Officer, Medtronic, Inc.

Guy C. Feltz
Senior Vice President, President Deluxe Financial Services and Direct Checks

Ronald E. Eilers
President and Chief Operating Officer, Deluxe Corporation

T. Michael Glenn
Executive Vice President - Market Development and Corporate Communications, FedEx Corporation; President and Chief Executive Officer, FedEx Corporate Services

Terry D. Peterson
Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer

Stephen P. Nachtsheim
Intel Corporation, Vice President (Retired)

Isaiah (Ike) Harris, Jr.
President, BellSouth Enterprises

Anthony C. Scarfone
Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary

Robert C. Salipante
President, Sun Life Financial U.S.

Warner F. Schlais
Senior Vice President, Chief Information Officer

Cheryl E. Mayberry McKissack
Chairperson and Chief Executive Officer, Nia Enterprises

Richard L. Schulte

Charles A. Haggerty
Chairman (Retired), Western Digital Corporation

Executive leadership team
Lawrence J. Mosner
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Senior Vice President, President Small Business Services

Douglas J. Treff
Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer

Martyn R. Redgrave
Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer, Limited Brands

Luann E. Widener
Senior Vice President, Human Resources

Ronald E. Eilers
President and Chief Operating Officer

Mary Ann O'Dwyer
Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance and Operations, Wheels Inc.

Stuart Alexander
Vice President, Investor Relations and Public Affairs

