Dear Fellow Shareholders,
Since launching our growth strategy, we have made great strides to modernize
the business, respond to customer needs, and enhance shareholder value.
We have also made some important changes at the Board level, including
appointing Bob Carrigan as Chairman of the Board. Bob has shown
remarkable foresight and leadership as CEO and is well suited to serve in
this additional role. Concurrent with Bob’s appointment as Chairman, and
in reviewing our governance practices and leadership structure, the Board has
elevated the role of the lead director to ensure independent, objective oversight
by the non-employee directors. We firmly believe these changes give the
Company the right governance structure with the right leadership to continue
to drive customer and shareholder value.
These changes, which were made in 2016, reflect the Board’s continued focus on
ensuring strong Board composition and corporate governance. To this end, eight
of our ten Directors have joined our Board in the past several years, including
two in 2015 and one in 2014. Consistent with our Nominating & Governance
Committee Charter, we will continue to ensure that we have an appropriate
balance of diversity, experience, tenure and expertise on the Board.
In the spirit of change, we’d be remiss not to thank Christopher Coughlin,
who is retiring from the Board after serving out his term in May 2017, for his
commitment and dedicated leadership as both a Board member and former
Chairman. Chris provided invaluable stewardship and guidance through Dun
& Bradstreet’s transformation to a modern, customer-focused company. He
leaves us with an indelible imprint on how a diverse and active Board should
engage and work with a company’s management team to deliver value. We
deeply appreciate his contributions.
The Board is excited and encouraged by the progress that was made in
2016 executing our strategy for growth, and we thank Dun & Bradstreet’s
management team and employees for their continued dedication and
commitment to the Company’s past, present and future success.
I hope you will join us at the 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders of
The Dun & Bradstreet Corporation on Wednesday, May 10, 2017, at 8:00 a.m.
at The Hilton Short Hills, 41 JFK Parkway, Short Hills, New Jersey.
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I sincerely thank you for your support
of Dun & Bradstreet.
Sincerely,
Thomas J. Manning
Lead Director
The Dun & Bradstreet Corporation