 Allan Z. Loren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Steven W. Alesio, President and Chief Operating Officer
To Our Shareholders
Fellow Shareholders,
We are pleased to report to you that the D&B team continues to make good progress in our journey to transform D&B into a growth company.
As an indication of our continuing progress, in 2003, we:
delivered core revenue growth before the effect of foreign exchange of 4%1, at the upper end of our most recent guidance of 1-4%;
delivered earnings per share (EPS) growth of 18%2 before non-core gains and charges, at the upper end of our guidance range of 16-18%; and
generated 76% of our revenue over the Web by year-end, exceeding our goal of 70%.
In short, the D&B team once again met our commitments to our shareholders as we continued on our journey. We feel good about our accomplishments. So do our customers and our team members: both customer and employee satisfaction levels improved in 2003. These improvements in customer and team member satisfaction, coupled with our consistent financial performance and our record of meeting our commitments to our shareholders, make us, we believe, a good company.
Being a good company is important, but it is not enough: we want to be a great company. We see no reason to be satisfied with simply being good when we have the potential of being great. We believe we can be a great company, and we intend to be.
Great can have a wide variety of meanings. Here is what great means to us at D&B. First, in terms of revenue: it means 7-9% revenue growth, year after year, by 2007. Second, it means that our customers recognize that we’re focused on their success. Third, it means that everyone at D&B
    2 D&B Annual Report
 
 personally believes that we are best-in-class at what we do, and acts like it day-in and day-out. Finally, it means that we are continuing to create shareholder value.
Our “New” Aspiration
In order to generate shareholder value and a consistent 7-9% level of revenue growth, we know that we need to be even more intensely focused on our customers’ success. We’ve always had a customer focus: in fact, “place the interests of our customers first” is one of our core values. But now we are taking that focus to a higher level, and our intensified focus on our customers’ success is reflected in our “new” aspiration:
“To be the most trusted source of business insight so our customers can decide with confidence.”
(please see more on our aspiration on p. 1)
Our intention to become a growth company has not changed. Our new aspiration continues our emphasis on growth: it gives us direction about the best way for us to achieve year over year growth and create the most value for our shareholders. Our Blueprint for Growth strategy remains the roadmap for our journey, and three of our Blueprint components provide us with powerful competitive advantages that will help us achieve our aspiration: our Brand, our Flexible Business Model, and our Winning Culture.
Our Competitive Advantages
Our Brand remains at the center of our Blueprint, and at the core of our growth strategy.
One of the ways that we continue to leverage our Brand is by helping our customers to understand more fully the value of our proprietary DUNSRightTM quality process. DUNSRightTM enables us to collect, aggregate, edit, and verify data from thousands of sources daily. The output of the DUNSRightTM process is insightful information that our customers use to make better, more informed business decisions (please see “The DUNSRightTM Process” on p. 7).
We invested over a quarter of a billion dollars in DUNSRightTM during 2003 to bring our customers a level of insightful information that they can find nowhere else. These investments in DUNSRightTM enable us to continually improve the quality of the information we bring to our customers, enhance the value propositions we offer, and differentiate D&B from our competitors. Our team members are communicating the power of DUNSRightTM to our customers every day so that our customers can better understand how D&B can help them grow their businesses and be more profitable. As a result, we believe that DUNSRightTM is gaining traction in the marketplace, and generating an increasing number of competitive wins.
We are able to make strategic investments in DUNSRightTM and other growth initiatives because of Financial Flexibility. We view our financially flexible business model as the engine that fuels our growth. It enables us to view almost every dollar we spend as flexible. This means that we consider very little of our costs as fixed, and we continually evaluate every investment to assure we are spending our money on the most impactful activities. We
“We’ve always had a customer focus ... But now we are taking that focus to a higher level, and our intensified focus on our customers’ success is reflected in our “new” aspiration.”
 D&B Annual Report 3
 
 “We invested over a quarter of a billion dollars in DUNSRightTM during 2003 to bring our customers a level of insightful information that they can find nowhere else”.
constantly seek to improve our performance in terms of quality and cost and reallocate our spending to maximize shareholder value. This attitude reflects an ongoing mindset at D&B, not a one-time effort or an activity that takes place only in the budget planning process.
Through our ongoing Financial Flexibility initiatives, over the past three years we have reduced our expense base by approximately $70-80 million per year on an annualized basis (before any reallocation of spending). We expect our initiatives in 2004 to generate an additional $70-80 million in annualized savings. In addition to investing those savings in areas that will spur our long term revenue growth, we return some of these savings to our shareholders, further enhancing EPS.
We also continue to invest in our team members’ leadership development as part of building a Winning Culture. The foundation of our Winning Culture initiative is our Leadership Model, which focuses on creating a team of great leaders. We emphasize leadership improvement for one reason: we believe that superb leadership leads to superb execution which leads to superb results for our shareholders. Our passion for improving our leadership and focusing on our customers’ success provides us with a competitive advantage in the marketplace. Over the past three years, our team members’ improved leadership has made D&B a good company: we believe that our team members’ ongoing commitment to becoming better leaders will help us make D&B a great company.
Our Customer Solution Sets
Our competitive advantages drive revenue generation in our Current Business and in our E-Business customer solution sets. These solution sets, built on the power of DUNRight,TMhelpourcustomerstogrowtheir businesses and become more profitable. In 2003, each of our solution sets contributed to D&B’s revenue results.
Risk Management Solutions, our largest solution set, help our customers to increase profitability and cash flow while managing overall risk exposure. Our investments helped us achieve 2% revenue growth in this area in 2003, mitigating historical declines in our traditional solutions, and driving 10% growth in our value-added Risk Management Solutions. Our value-added solutions support automated decision-making and portfolio management through the use of scoring and integrated software solutions.
In 2003, we targeted the expanding small business credit market more directly with our DUNSRightTM powered integrated solutions. Our Small Business Risk Insight (SBRI) initiative, for example, speaks directly to customers operating in this market. SBRI is our data repository that collects and consolidates lending performance data from financial institutions on small businesses. Members leverage D&B’s powerful predictive tools to make more informed small business financial credit decisions. During 2003, the number of financial institutions becoming members of SBRI more than doubled to 90, and the repository grew to include more than $60 billion in total outstanding transactions.
 4 D&B Annual Report
 
 Sales & Marketing Solutions help our customers to obtain profitable new customers, and to generate increased revenue from existing customers. In the first quarter of 2003, we faced a slowdown in sales of our traditional products which we believe reflected customers’ reluctance to conduct marketing campaigns in the then current market environment. We recognized the challenge in traditional product sales and addressed it through our investments and better leadership. As a result, we saw continued improvement quarter by quarter during 2003. We also invested in our value-added Sales & Marketing Solutions, which generally include decision-making and customer information management solutions. Our value-added solutions grew by 18% and helped us achieve 1% revenue growth for Sales & Marketing Solutions in 2003.
Supply Management Solutions enable our customers to manage their suppliers more effectively to generate savings. Our solutions help our customers to identify 100% of what they spend throughout their entire organizations worldwide. Using this insightful information, customers can mitigate supply chain risk and manage their spending and purchasing compliance more efficiently. They can also negotiate more favorable terms with their suppliers based on an informed under- standing of their total purchases not only with each individual supplier but also with all of the supplier’s related companies. In 2003, Supply Management Solutions revenue grew 16%.
E-Business Solutions provide our customers convenient access to our products over the Web. In March of 2003, we added to our Web capability through our acquisition of Hoover’s. Hoover’s helps our customers drive revenue growth by converting “prospects” to “customers” more quickly and at a lower total cost. Hoover’s provides in-depth industry and market intelligence on more than 40,000 companies on a subscription basis; primarily to sales, marketing, and business development professionals. Since the acquisition, our investments have enabled us to more than double the number of companies in Hoover’s database. Hoover’s has become a significant contributor to growth, with revenue that exceeded our expectations.
Our focus on leveraging our Brand through DUNSRight,TM our ongoing investments made possible through Financial Flexibility, and our team members’ leadership provided us with important competitive advantages in 2003, and these competitive advantages drove the performance results outlined above.
Looking Ahead
To progress further toward consistent 7-9% revenue growth year-over-year by 2007, we realize that we will need to intensify our focus on our customer-centered aspiration because, put simply, our customers’ success is our success. To achieve this aspiration, the D&B team will focus on the following seven strategic priorities which are derived from our Blueprint strategy:
“Our solution sets, built on the power of DUNSRightTM, help our customers to grow their businesses and become more profitable.”
 D&B Annual Report 5
 
 “
Our team members’ ongoing commitment to becoming
”
better leaders will help us make D&B a great company.
1. BuildtheD&BbrandaroundDUNSRight,TM the basis of our competitive advantage in the marketplace.
2. Grow our Risk Management Solutions by 3-5% annually.
3. Grow our Sales & Marketing Solutions by 4-7% annually.
4. Grow our Supply Management Solutions by 25% annually.
5. Build and/or acquire a 5th product line that leverages DUNSRightTM and creates additional growth opportunities.
6. Grow our E-Business Solutions by 35-50% annually.
7. Implement our financially flexible business model.
Executing against each of these priorities will, we believe, enhance shareholder value, and move us forward as we transform D&B into a growth company.
Looking back, we feel good about our progress thus far. We have focused on our Blueprint strategy and delivered on our commitments to our shareholders: we have made D&B a good company.
Looking ahead, we feel even better about our future. We are confident that by continuing to execute on our Blueprint we will achieve our aspiration, and become a company that consistently grows revenue and continues to create shareholder value – year after year. That is our focus, that is where we are headed as a company – from good to great.
Sincerely,
Allan Z. Loren
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Steven W. Alesio
President and Chief Operating Officer
  1 On a GAAP basis, our total revenue grew 9%. We define core revenue as total revenue excluding the results of divested businesses. All references in this letter to revenue growth are before the effects of foreign exchange. For a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measure (total revenue), please see the section “How We Manage Our Business” under “Item 7. Management’s Discussions and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of the attached Form 10-K.
2 On a GAAP basis, our earnings per share grew 23%. We define non-core gains and charges as restructuring charges (whether or not recurring) and certain other items we do not consider part of our underlying business performance. For a summary of these non-core gains and charges, please see the section “Non-Core Gains and Charges” under “Item 7. Management’s Discussions and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of the attached Form 10-K.
 6 D&B Annual Report
 