Fellow Shareholders,
When I joined Dun & Bradstreet in May,
2000, I found a company that was underper-
forming, but which had a tremendous brand,
tremendous assets, and tremendous opportunity
for growth. I believed then—and I am even
more convinced now—that Dun & Bradstreet
will be a winner in the marketplace, and will
become a growth company that significantly
builds shareholder value over time.
To unleash our unrealized potential and trans-
form Dun & Bradstreet into a growth company,
we took a number of important steps in 2000
and are continuing that transformative work
in 2001.
All of these steps were and are focused on
increasing shareholder value. During a period
of considerable change within the company,
we maintained that focus. We completed the
spin-off of Moody’s on September 30, 2000.
We met our financial projections for 2000 and
achieved a 20% growth in earnings. 
To move our transformation as a company
forward, we put a new leadership team in place
whose members individually and collectively
are committed to a common vision and a
common aspiration:
to become a growth company
with an important presence on the Web
.
To achieve this aspiration, Dun & Bradstreet
will build shareholder value over the next three
years as we transform the company. During
this period, we expect to deliver earnings
per share growth of 10%, operating income
growth of 10%, and revenue growth before the
effect of foreign exchange of 3% —on average,
over time.
Our strategy for achieving these goals is called
our
Blueprint for Growth. We determined that
the most productive approach for the company
is to focus on fewer things—and to do those
things very, very well.
In our
Blueprint for Growth, we focus on five
areas that will transform Dun & Bradstreet
and ensure our future success: We introduced
The
Blueprint for Growth
on
October 2, 2000. As our discussion of each
of these five areas in the following pages
demonstrates, our transformation is already
underway, and will continue during 2001. I am
satisfied with the work already accomplished
and am confident we are on the right path to
achieve our aspiration as a company.
I delight in pointing out that Dun & Bradstreet
is in the enviable position of having the aspira-
tion, the drive, and the innovation of a new
company coupled with the experience, brand
recognition, and market presence that only a
well-established company can provide.
I believe that is an unbeatable combination
upon which to build a growth company with
an important presence on the Web. And that
is what we will do.
Sincerely,
Allan Z. Loren
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President