   “Every D&B team member focused intensely on implementing our Blueprint for Growth strategy.”
 Allan Z. Loren Steven W. Alesio
To Our Shareholders
Fellow Shareholders,
During 2002, we continued to make good progress on our journey to transform D&B and achieve our aspiration – to become a growth company with an important presence on the Web. We began the year with a set of perform- ance commitments to our shareholders, com- mitments that would deliver shareholder value during our transformation. We are pleased to report that we met or exceeded each of those commitments.
We committed to 3 to 5% core revenue growth before the effects of foreign exchange: we achieved 3% growth.1
We committed to 18 to 20% EPS growth excluding non-core gains and charges: we achieved 26% growth.2
We committed to achieving margins in our international business of 10 to 12%: our international margins were 12%.
We committed to delivering 50 to 55% of our revenue over the Web: by year end, we were delivering 65% of revenue over the Web.
We committed to delivering through our third phase of financial flexibility $65 million in 2003 to invest for growth and create value for our shareholders. We have actually taken the steps necessary to provide $80 million (before restructuring charges and transition costs).
We attained these outcomes in the difficult economic environment of 2002 because every D&B team member focused intensely on implementing our Blueprint for Growth strat- egy. This strategy consists of five components: enhance our Current Business, become an
important player in E-Business, create Financial Flexibility, build a Winning Culture, and leverage our Brand. All of these components, taken together, drove our 2002 financial performance. Let us take a closer look at how our investments in our Blueprint strategy are enabling our progress.
We are enhancing our Current Business and E-Business by investing in our customer solution sets and in our quality global database. Our solution sets help our customers to “Decide with ConfidenceTM” so that they can make bet- ter business decisions. Our four customer solu- tion sets are: Risk Management Solutions, Sales & Marketing Solutions, Supply Management Solutions, and E-Business Solutions. In each solution set, we have invested to maintain our traditional product strengths while simultane- ously developing value-added products aimed at present and future growth.
Our Risk Management Solutions, the largest area of our business, help our customers to
 2 D&B Annual Report

   understand and manage their overall risk exposure so that they can increase profitabil- ity and improve cash flow. Our revenue in this area grew 1% overall in 2002, with 4% growth in our value-added products. Three of our most significant investments in value-added prod- ucts were in our Global DecisionMakerTM, Portfolio Management Solutions, and Data Integration ToolkitTM. These three products meet the growing needs of our customers to auto- mate their credit decisioning processes for smaller transactions and proactively manage their current customer portfolios.
Our Sales & Marketing Solutions, which grew 7% for the year, enable our customers to gener- ate increased revenue from existing customers and to obtain profitable new customers. In this area, revenue from our traditional products, such as marketing lists and labels, grew at a 3% rate. Revenue from value-added products such as our Customer Information Management solution, which customers use to analyze, optimize, and manage their client informa- tion, grew 15% for the year. Sales & Marketing is an area where we see more opportu- n i t y and where we will invest further in the coming months.
Our Supply Management Solutions help our customers manage their suppliers more effec- tively so that they can increase savings and mitigate the risk of supplier failures. Revenue from this solution set grew 24% for the year, thanks in large part to new products such as Supply Optimizer.TM Supply Optimizer helps customers save 3 to 8% on their purchases worldwide by increasing their leverage to negotiate with suppliers.
Our E-Business Solutions, while not yet a material contributor to our top line, represent a significant business opportunity for D&B. Our Web-based Small Business Solutions continued to grow in 2002. Over 33,000 customers have made purchases through this channel since its launch 18 months ago, allowing us to make inroads in this virtually untapped market. E-Business Solutions will expand its product offerings with our recent acquisition of Hoover’s, a provider of industry and market intelligence on public and private companies primarily through Hoover’s Online,SM its Web-based channel. A natural fit for D&B, Hoover’s strengths align with our areas of strategic focus including: a track record of growth, a solid presence in the sales and marketing area, a focus on small business customers, and a major- ity of its revenues delivered over the Web.
Our customer solution sets are also benefiting from our investments in our global database. We have expanded our database to 79 million businesses, up from 60 million when we
“Increased data coverage and quality make our products more valuable for
our customers and drive revenue growth.”
 D&B Annual Report 3

 launched our Blueprint over two years ago. And, to keep our information as current as possible, we continue to update our database more than a million times a day. This increased data coverage and quality makes our tradi- tional products more valuable for our cus- tomers and, at the same time, allows us to participate in even more customer transac- tions which drives revenue growth.
In all of our solution sets, we are continuing to migrate more of our revenue to the Web in keeping with our aspiration to have an impor- tant presence on the Web. In fact, we delivered 65% of our revenue over the Web by the end of 2002, up from 33% at the end of 2001, and we will continue to increase that percentage. This is simply a more efficient way to do business.
Our investments in our Current Business and E-Business are made possible by our Financial Flexibility mindset where we view all costs as variable. With this mindset, we constantly and
systematically look for ways to eliminate, consolidate, standardize, and automate our business functions to improve our perform- ance in terms of quality, revenue growth, and cost. Through this process, we identify funds that we can reallocate and use to invest in growth areas of the business while, at the same time, improve our profitability.
D&B people are behind all of these accomplish- ments, whether developing new products, serving our customers, or finding more effi- cient ways to create Financial Flexibility. That is why we are also investing in our people and in building a Winning Culture. We believe that superb leadership leads to superb execution which leads to superb results. To build superb leadership, we have developed and deployed a consistent, principles-based leadership model throughout the company. Every D&B team member works from a base of shared values and goals, and compensation is tied to achiev- ing those goals. We continue to build a culture in which great leadership is the norm, and it is that leadership which will enable us to win in the marketplace and continue to move toward achieving our Blueprint aspiration.
Our Brand is at the heart of our Blueprint strat- egy and is the foundation we are building upon to achieve our aspiration. It leverages the power of our 160+ year history and our indus- try leading expertise to differentiate the value of our customer offerings from that of our com- petitors. In 2002, we launched a multimedia advertising campaign to highlight the strength of our Brand. We let our audiences know that when it comes to making business decisions, there is “sort of sure” and there is “D&B SureTM. ”
 “We continue to build a culture in which great leadership is the norm ... leadership will enable us to win in the marketplace.”
 4 D&B Annual Report

  “When it comes to making business decisions, there is ‘sort of sure’ and ‘D&B Sure.’”
“D&B Sure” emphasizes the confidence cus- tomers have in our Brand, confidence which derives in large part from the quality of our data. Our historical expertise and continued investments in our database have positioned D&B as the industry standard in data quality (please see “Quality Information = Profitable Decisions” on p.6). Our customers rely on the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, and cross- border consistency of our data to make profitable business decisions. And we are building on our differentiation between “sort of sure” and “D&B sure” to expand our relationships with our existing customers and to obtain new ones.
Enhance our Current Business, become an important player in E-Business, build a Winning Culture, create Financial Flexibility, leverage our Brand. By continuing to focus on our Blueprint strategy, we delivered on our commitments to our shareholders in 2002, and we made significant progress on our journey to become a growth company with an important presence on the Web. That journey continues everyday at D&B. While the eco- nomic climate in 2003 is looking even more challenging than in 2002, by focusing on our Blueprint throughout our journey, we are sure we will achieve our aspiration as a company.
In fact, we are “D&B Sure.”
Sincerely,
Allan Z. Loren
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Steven W. Alesio
President and Chief Operating Officer
  1 We define core revenue as total revenue excluding the results of divested businesses. All references in this letter to revenue growth are before the effects of foreign exchange. For a reconciliation of our core revenue to our total revenue and a summary of the effects of foreign exchange on our core revenue, please see the section “How We Evaluate Our Performance” under “Item 1. Business” of the attached Form 10-K.
2 We define non-core gains and charges as restructuring charges (whether or not recurring) and certain other items we do not consider part of our underly- ing business performance. For a summary of the impact of non-core gains and charges on our reported earnings per share from continuing operations, please see the section “How We Manage Our Business” under “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of the attached Form 10-K.
 D&B Annual Report 5
