To Our Shareholders
Fellow Shareholders,
Last year at this time, I reported that we had an aspi- ration to transform D&B from what was an underper- forming company with underleveraged assets into a high-performing growth company with an important
important presence on the Web is one that delivers the majority of its revenue over the Web.
In 2001, we delivered EPS growth of 16.7% (ex- cluding the impact of non-recurring items) which exceeded our expectations. And, while we increased core revenue growth by 1% this year, we are not satisfied with these results. Our revenue from the Web increased to 33% by the end of 2001, com- pared to 17% in 2000.
Our Blueprint is our road map to realizing our aspiration. Our Blueprint strategy is clear, simple, and focused. Outcomes are measurable: all aspects of our Blueprint plan have metrics and timelines for completion. All of our team members understand this strategy, and their compensation plans are linked to it. Every part of our Blueprint, and each of us within D&B, is focused on creating shareholder value.
There are five parts to our Blueprint strategy:
• LeveragetheBrand
• CreateFinancialFlexibility
• EnhanceOurCurrentBusiness
• BecomeanImportantPlayerinE-Business • BuildaWinningCulture.
 Allan Z. Loren
presence on the Web. We called our strategy for achieving that aspiration our Blueprint for Growth.
I am happy to report to you now that our trans- formation is well under way, that we have made good progress in imple-
menting our Blueprint strategy, and that we are moving toward becoming a growth company with an important presence on the Web.
Let me take a moment to explain what I mean by a “growth company with an important presence on the Web.”
To us, a growth company is one that generates high single-digit revenue growth, and earnings per share (EPS) growth in the mid-to-upper teens on a con- sistent basis year after year. A company with an
2
 
D&B
Our Brand is at the center of our Blueprint and powers all of our growth initiatives. D&B is a powerful brand; one that gives us credibility on the Web as well as in the physical world, one that makes it possible for us to partner with other strong brands, one that enables us to acquire and retain customers.
Creating Financial Flexibility enables us to invest in growth and deliver shareholder value at the same time. We have developed an investment decision process in which almost every dollar we spend is viewed as flexible; we have created a culture where we continu- ously re-evaluate how we are spending money.
We are enhancing our Current Business both by improving the breadth and depth of our data, and by introducing new value-added products that focus on our customers’ needs, such as our Data Integration Toolkit.
We are in position to become an important player in E-Business. We bring a high level of trust and confi- dence to the Web for our customers, and we continue to move more of our revenue generation to the Web.
Enrolling everyone in our organization to imple- ment our Blueprint strategy requires building a
Winning Culture, a culture focused on winning in the marketplace. There are challenges in changing a culture, especially in the face of the unprecedented events of 2001. To help create that culture, we have concentrated on improving our leadership at all lev- els of the organization because we believe that the more superb our leadership, the more superb our execution — and the more shareholder value we deliver. We are looking outward, putting our cus- tomers first. And most importantly, we are channel- ing our vision through one lens: improving shareholder value. Put simply, our interests as lead- ers are tied directly to your interests as shareholders.
We are on a journey to transform D&B with you, our shareholders. We feel proud of our progress so far, and we expect to continue to make good progress in 2002 toward our aspiration of becoming a growth company with an important presence on the Web.
Sincerely,
Allan Z. Loren
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
 3
  