A Message from Mr. David H. Murdock

We are at the beginning of what I believe will be another important chapter in Dole Food Company's 152-year history as it commences operations as a private company. I am pleased and proud to be the owner of this Company.
David H. Murdock
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

When I joined Dole Food Company eighteen years ago, the Company was primarily a commodity company, under siege by its creditors and struggling to stay afloat; some thought that it was beyond saving. What I perceived beneath the burden of debt was a company with a trustworthy brand name and a group of dedicated and loyal employees. There seemed to be a future full of possibilities. Dole ® Fruit Bowls ® With a bit of creative imagination and a lot of effort by a great team, we returned Dole Fruit Bowls' new 7 oz.single-serve cup Dole to its rightful and profitable place. While the road was not always easy, we was introduced in mid-year 2002. Each have since risen to become the world's largest produce company, broadly diversi- individually packaged,single-serve cup offers 75% more fruit than the original 4 oz.Fruit fied, with an incredibly strong brand name. In the process of rebuilding, we made it our priority to escape the volatility of a commodity-driven market. Along the way, we rebuilt our core infrastructure and acquired and disposed of numerous new and old assets and businesses. We have made mistakes and have experienced our share of natural disasters, including Hurricane Mitch, which hit our Central American plantations with a vengeance, while El Niño created havoc with our crops. These challenges,combined with pricing pressures and European quotas, created a volatile business environment.
Bowls and comes with a plastic fork. These Fruit Bowls come in four varieties: Sliced Peaches, Pineapple Chunks,Tropical Fruit and Mandarin Oranges. These larger serving size cups are designed to meet the snacking needs of the active, on-the-go woman. Convenience Store News named the 7 oz. Fruit Bowls its "Best New Product for 2002."

We are proud of our achievements and eager to build upon them and lead the Company toward continued growth and greater profitability. In this volatile market environment and time of global uncertainty, I believe that a privatized company will have the agility to better meet unanticipated obstacles and opportunities as well. The public markets want short-term predictability of earnings, which are difficult to attain in a company such as Dole. I am prepared to invest in this Company for the long haul. We will continue to expand, particularly with our lines of highly successful, value-added, packaged foods. In addition to being profitable, innovative and easy-to-use, products like Fruit Bowls and salad packs make it easier for consumers to eat more of the healthy fruits and vegetables their diets so desperately need. It has long been my belief that Dole can play a crucial role in helping consumers eat healthier and thus lead longer, healthier and more vital lives. I feel privileged and inspired to lead a company that not only creates


Eat more, weigh less.
Fruits and vegetables have roughly 75 calories per cup ­ compared to 250 calories for starches like pasta or rice.
-1-

Dole Food Company Board of Directors
(Seated,right to left): David H. Murdock, Lawrence A. Kern, Richard M. Ferry (Standing,right to left): David A. DeLorenzo, E. Rolland Dickson, M.D., Lawrence M. Johnson, Zoltan Merszei, Mike Curb

prosperity and provides 57,000 jobs in over 90 countries, but that has the opportunity and the capability to provide healthful products to millions of people around the world. It is my goal for Dole to not only be the leading produce company in the world, but also to be the leader in nutrition education. Looking back on what we have accomplished, and forward to the work and tremendous opportunities that lie ahead, I am fully aware that it is the team of people at Dole who are responsible for the past and future. My sincere appreciation and gratitude goes to each of our employees for their continued support and dedication. I know they share my enthusiasm and eagerness to pursue new goals and accomplishments and to reward our consumers with the best products and nutrition information possible. Sincerely,

Dole ® Special Blends
Dole Salad Blends continue to be the fastest growing segment of the salad category, boosted by the addition of three new baby spinach blends ­ Baby Spinach,Baby Spinach and Red Leaf,and Baby Spinach and Radicchio. As Americans are eating more spinach than ever, Dole's new Baby Spinach Salad Blends are perfectly positioned to build on that growing trend.

David H. Murdock, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 2003



Obesity in America.
Over half of Americans are overweight or obese.Obesity is our nation's leading health problem and is on the rise, up 30% in the last 20 years. The health consequences of obesity cause 300,000 deaths each year.
-2-

ought to you by Global Reports

