The year 2001 will forever be imprinted on our minds and the minds of the world. The aftermath of the devastating terrorist attacks on the Pentagon and World Trade Center has heightened our sense of patriotism for all Americans who have so proudly united in support of our great nation. At Dole, our heartfelt compassion goes out to the families, friends and associates of those lost on September 11.

To Our Shareholders:
The year 2001 marks Dole Food Company's 150th year in business. The humble business partnership formed by two missionaries in 1851,
David H. Murdock
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

million from the divestiture of our Honduran Beverage business. These amounts also reflect net income from discontinued operations (the Honduran Beverage business). On a continuing operations basis, full year 2001 net income was $79.4 million, or $1.41 per share. This represents an increase in net income from continuing operations of over 90% when compared to 2000 net income from continuing operations of $41.3 million or 74 cents per share. Full year 2001 earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA") from continuing operations totaled $305 million compared to $266 million for 2000. At the end of the year, net debt was $481.9 million, which is approximately $670 million below net debt at the end of 2000. The reduction in 2001 has come primarily from improved operating cash flows, enhanced working capital management, and proceeds from asset sales, primarily the Honduran Beverage operations. As a result, interest expense from continuing operations was reduced to $70.7 million versus $90.5 million for 2000. Capital spending for continuing operations totaled $120 million versus $111 million for 2000. This included approximately $27.1 million for Dole's new fresh-cut flowers distribution facility in Miami, Florida.

commenced as a general store in Hawaii, has become a

worldwide leader in the food industry with more than 59,000 employees in more than 90 countries. This past year, Dole embarked upon efforts to significantly reduce costs at all levels and to dispose of non-core and/or under-performing businesses. The latter initiatives had begun in prior years, but 2001 was the year when significant accomplishments were made in these efforts and we fully expect that 2002 will be the year in which these efforts are completed.

Financial Results
Revenues for 2001 of $4.5 billion were virtually flat with 2000. Net income was $150.4 million or $2.67 per share. These amounts reflect business reconfiguration charges taken in the second and third quarters totaling $122.1 million; a net gain on sale of marketable securities in the second quarter of $5.6 million; and a net gain of $168.6

2

Dole Food Company, Inc. Annual Report 2001

Dole Food Company Board of Directors (Seated, right to left): David H. Murdock, Lawrence A. Kern (Standing, right to left): Zoltan Merszei, Lawrence M. Johnson, David A. DeLorenzo, E. Rolland Dickson, M.D., Mike Curb, Richard M. Ferry

Divestiture of Honduran Beverage Operations
On November 28, 2001, Dole consummated the divestiture of its 97% stake in the Cerveceria Hondureña S.A. beverage operations located in Honduras through a stock exchange transaction with a subsidiary of South African Breweries plc. Subsequent to the stock exchange transaction, Dole received $537 million of cash, which resulted in a net gain to the company of $168.6 million. The net proceeds were immediately used to pay down debt. The disposition of this business was in line with Dole's strategy of divesting itself of non-core assets. We wish our long time Cerveceria Hondureña associates much success with South African Breweries.

New Miami Facility
In December 2001, Dole's Florida-based fresh-cut flowers distribution operation moved into a new 328,000 square foot building. Approximately 200,000 square feet of this state-of-the-art facility is refrigerated.

Management Changes
Our 150-year history and strong foundation affords Dole the ability of being able to draw from an experienced and competent management base. In 2001, we were able to promote and reposition from within our ranks several members of senior and middle management.

Dole Food Company, Inc. Annual Report 2001

3

In February 2001, Lawrence (Larry) A. Kern was appointed President and Chief Operating Officer. He was previously President of Dole's highly successful Fresh Vegetables business where he pioneered its transformation from a commodity vegetables operation to a balanced business with a strong value-added revenue base complemented by a right-sized commodity vegetables operation.

standing borrowings under the company's $400 million, five-year revolving credit facility were repaid, primarily with proceeds from the disposition of the Honduran Beverage business. As a result, at year-end 2001, Dole's reduced outstanding borrowings only consist of $775 million of longterm bonds and limited foreign borrowings.

Outlook
Eric M. Schwartz succeeded Mr. Kern as President of Dole Worldwide Fresh Vegetables. He was previously Senior Vice President of Operations at this division. Richard A. Harrah was appointed President of Dole's Latin American production operations. He was previously Vice President of Operations at Dole Fresh Flowers. Prior to joining Dole, he had extensive experience in the banana industry, serving in senior executive capacities in the food industry. Scott Greenwood was appointed President of Dole's Fresh Flowers division. He was previously Vice President of Sales for Dole Packaged Foods. Michael J. Cavallero was promoted to President of Dole North American Tropical Fresh Fruit, previously serving that division as Vice President of Sales and Marketing. During 2001, David DeLorenzo retired as Vice Chairman, having served the company in various executive capacities for 31 years. His knowledge, loyalty, dedication and integrity were instrumental in making Dole a global leader in the industry. Mr. DeLorenzo will continue to serve as a member of the Board of Directors. We would like to express our gratitude to our employees, shareholders and customers for their continued support and confidence. Sincerely, David H. Murdock As there can be no substitute for being the low cost provider to our markets, we will maintain our focus on achieving a reduced cost structure. We will also seek new opportunities both internally and externally to expand our product offerings and grow our revenue base. We begin 2002 with confidence in our abilities to profitably grow our core businesses while maintaining genuine concern for the well-being of our people and the consumer. Our realigned management team is prepared for these challenges. Having completed major cost-cutting initiatives in 2001 coupled with the divestiture of major noncore and under-performing assets during the year, Dole will focus on expanding its core businesses in key markets. In 2002, management will continue to dedicate efforts to completing the divestiture of a few remaining non-core and under-performing businesses but these efforts are largely behind us.

Financing Activities
In August 2001, Dole renewed its 364-day revolving credit facility for $200 million. Agents in the facility are Bank of America and the Bank of Nova Scotia. There have been no borrowings under this facility. Toward the end of 2001, all of the out-

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

4

Dole Food Company, Inc. Annual Report 2001

