To Our Shareholders

F

ull year 2000 net income from ongoing operations, which excludes a business downsizing charge, one-time gains from asset sales and Hurricane Mitch insurance proceeds, was $72.9 million, or $1.30 per
David H. Murdock Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

share, reflecting a 9% improvement in earnings per share as compared to full year 1999 net income from ongoing operations of $67.9 million, or $1.19 per share. Revenues for 2000 were slightly down at $4.76 billion versus $4.79 billion for 1999. Cash flow from ongoing operations (EBITDA) in 2000 was $328.8 million

compared with $307.6 million for 1999.
Operations - While an improvement over 1999, our 2000 results were
disappointing. Earnings were down from our original plan due to a reduction in our banana business profits largely as a result of the drop in the euro to U.S. dollar exchange rate, a dramatic rise in fuel rates during the year, and a continued oversupply of bananas in the market. Additionally, Dole's flower operations have not yet achieved the benefits of a full consolidation of the four companies previously acquired in that industry. Cost reduction programs have been put in place in both our banana and flower businesses to improve performance in 2001. Our other businesses all performed quite well and are expected to continue to do well in 2001.

Dole's Premium SelectTM Pineapple is sweet in taste and high in vitamin C. Grown in the Tropics, it is distinguished by its golden-yellow high shell color.

Fresh Fruit - While banana pricing is not expected to improve in 2001, we have
taken significant measures to reduce costs in this business including the areas of production, shipping, selling, marketing, distribution and G&A activities. We believe these measures should result in meaningful improvement in the banana business results in 2001.

Fresh Vegetables - Our fresh vegetables business posted record earnings in 2000 as
a result of continued growth in the fresh-cut salads business and favorable pricing in the commodity vegetables business. Our fresh-cut salads business grew approximately 20% in 2000 and achieved a twelveweek market share of 37.2% by the end of the year. During 2001, we anticipate continued growth in our fresh-cut salads business and a return to more normal pricing levels in our commodity vegetables business.

Brought to you by Global Reports

Packaged Foods - Our packaged foods business also performed well and is expected to continue
its growth in 2001. Our traditional canned pineapple business maintained its approximate 50% market share in North America, and our new FRUIT BOWLS® plastic cup introduction achieved sales of $70 million in its first full year of roll out, an approximate 30% market share. These new products offer potential for future revenue and profitability growth.

Beverage - Our beverage business in Honduras returned to more normalized
conditions in the wake of Hurricane Mitch. As previously reported, we are pursuing a possible sale of this business. Proceeds from such a sale would be primarily used to pay down debt.

Flowers - Our fresh-cut flowers business was only slightly profitable in 2000,
but this was an improvement over the $5 million loss incurred in 1999. In 2001, we are working toward the consolidation of our Miami-based flowers operations into a new distribution facility which will be located near the Miami airport. This should improve costs, quality and service to our customers.

Financing Activities - In July 2000, we entered into a $250 million, 364-day
revolving credit facility. Agents in the facility are Bank of America, Commerzbank and The Bank of Nova Scotia. Also in July, we repaid $225 million, of our 6.75% notes which matured on July 15, 2000. These notes were refinanced under our existing $400 million, five-year revolving credit facility and the new 364-day facility.

Management Changes - In early 2001, Lawrence A. Kern was promoted to

Dole Special Blends are the fastest growing line of fresh-cut salads, combining over twenty types of lettuces and vegetables in fourteen different salads to satisfy any taste preference. Dole offers a broad line, with both conventional and organic varieties available.

President and Chief Operating Officer and was appointed to the Board of Directors. Mr. Kern joined Dole in 1993, most recently serving as President of our worldwide fresh vegetables and non-tropical fresh fruit operations. David A. DeLorenzo, former President and Chief Operating Officer, was appointed Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors and will have a significant role in guiding strategic initiatives aimed at enhancing shareholder value. Mr. DeLorenzo has served Dole in various executive capacities since 1970. In October 2000, C. Michael Carter joined us as Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. We express our appreciation to our shareholders, employees, customers and suppliers for their continued support and confidence. Sincerely,

David H. Murdock Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Brought to you by Global Reports

