                2014: Delivering on Our Commitments, Maximizing Our Value
Dear Shareholders,
In 2014, we achieved a number of critical milestones and performance records — demonstrating consistent, strong performance that culminated with solid earnings growth, EBITDA growth and margin expansion, on an adjusted basis. We set forth a series of important objectives from our in-depth strategic review, and the decisive actions that we have taken offer clear proof of our Company’s discipline and drive to deliver on our commitments. Equally, our actions and investments position Dow favorably for substantial, continued growth.
Highlights included:
• Delivered record full-year adjusted EBITDA1 of $9.3 billion — achieved EBITDA growth across all operating segments
Office of the Chief Executive
• Expanded adjusted EBITDA margins2 by 140 basis points
• Increased adjusted return on capital3 to 10.8 percent — an increase of 108 basis points
• Generated record cash flow from operations of $6.5 billion, excluding the K-Dow award
• Accelerated portfolio management actions, with $2 billion in proceeds expected from the divestitures of non-strategic assets and businesses signed or completed in 2014 whilst advancing the large carve-out and eventual divestment of our chlorine value chain
• Achieved significant progress on enterprise growth projects — advancing construction completion on our growth investments on
the U.S. Gulf Coast and in Saudi Arabia, and reaching key regulatory milestones toward the stewarded introduction of our ENLISTTM system — which will yield substantial profitability for years to come
• Returned a record $6 billion back to shareholders in the form of declared dividends and repurchases — a more than 300 percent increase versus 2013
 Howard I. Ungerleider
Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Andrew N. Liveris
President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
James R. Fitterling
Vice Chairman, Business Operations
Joe E. Harlan
Chief Commercial Officer and Vice Chairman, Market Businesses
           2 The Dow Chemical Company
1Adjusted EBITDA is defined as EBITDA excluding the impact of “Certain Items.”
2Adjusted EBITDA margin is defined as EBITDA excluding the impact of “Certain Items” as a percentage of reported sales.
3Adjusted Return on Capital is on a trailing twelve-month basis and defined as Adjusted Net Operating Profit After Tax divided by Average Total Capital. “Adjusted Net Operating Profit After Tax” is defined as Adjusted Net Income plus Preferred Stock Dividends plus Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests plus gross interest expense less tax on gross interest expense. “Adjusted Net Income” is defined as Net Income excluding the impact of “Certain Items.” “Total Capital” is defined as Total Debt plus The Dow Chemical Company’s Stockholders’ Equity plus Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest plus Non-redeemable Noncontrolling Interests.

                     Accelerating Competitive Advantage
We are leveraging the power of our integrated value chains to deliver solid returns — while capturing the advantage from our investments and our leadership in the markets in which we participate to drive greater value in 2015 and beyond, as our cash and growth engines simultaneously ramp up:
• Industry-leading market positions provide substantial competitive advantages, and significant technology investments extend our growth. Dow is innovating with customers, leveraging our industry-leading science and technology expertise to deliver solutions aligned to attractive end-markets. We are growing where there is growth in key end-use markets like packaging, automotive, electronics and agriculture. And we are deselecting peripheral slow-growth markets. Additionally, and critically for this value-growth strategy, in 2014, our scientists achieved a record number of patents. Sales from patent- advantaged products today represent more than 20 percent of Dow’s revenue — enabling future margin expansion opportunities. We expect to achieve similar results moving forward as we further accelerate the time to commercialization of high-margin technologies.
• Significant new asset investments in advantaged feedstocks and key products to enable us to stay low-cost wherever we operate remain on schedule and are poised to deliver significant EBITDA contribution. We maintained a steady trajectory of construction progress in 2014 and expect to bring key elements of our investment program online this year. An example includes our Sadara joint venture with Saudi Aramco. The polyethylene units in this landmark project are expected to come online in 2015. On the U.S. Gulf Coast, our propane dehydrogenation (PDH) unit — anticipated to come on stream in the second half — will capture the propane-to-propylene spread for one-third of Dow’s U.S. propylene needs. The Company’s world-scale ethylene facility also remains on track for its planned 2017 start-up.
• Accelerating portfolio management actions. In 2014, Dow focused capital to our core and growing businesses. Consistent with this focus, we drove our divestiture target even higher, increasing the range to
$7 billion to $8.5 billion in proceeds by mid-2016. Actions in the year resulted in $2 billion in proceeds from signed and completed transactions. As I mentioned, the carve-out of a significant portion of our chlorine value
     2014 Annual Report 3
   
1Q 2Q 3Q 4Q
1Q 2Q 3Q 4Q
1Q 2Q 3Q 4Q
                       chain remains on track to close by year-end 2015.
This is a historic event for our Company, which was founded 118 years ago with chlorine as its primary product. As part of our portfolio activities, we remain committed to optimizing our joint ventures, either through acquisition — like we are currently doing with Univation — or by diluting or divesting our ownership. We formed new operating segments to better align our businesses within their key, integrated chemical and plastics value chains and end-market orientation — further enhancing our portfolio, including how we report to our owners, as well as generating greater returns.
• Capturing productivity, reducing costs and demand momentum. We drove productivity programs in every part of the organization — shedding non-strategic assets such as our railcar fleet, and since 2012, shutting down 27 facilities and achieving more than $200 million in fixed cost reductions. In 2015, we expect to achieve $300 million in productivity improvements — part of the three-year, $1 billion commitment we made in November. In addition, with five quarters in a row of increasing operating rates as our proof point, Dow’s 2014 operating performance was solid on every front — including record environmental health and safety achievements. Considering our operating leverage of more than $200 million for every 1 percent improvement in operating rates, it is clear Dow is well positioned
to capture significant upside in our operating income as demand responds to lower oil — which we view as a tailwind for global demand and our products.
• Continuously increasing returns for shareholders. In 2014, we delivered a record $6 billion to shareholders through declared dividends and share repurchases. This is the culmination of multiple actions during the year, including two dividend increases — restoring Dow’s dividend to pre-crisis levels — and the completion of our previously committed share repurchase program. Since 2009, we have increased our dividend by 19 percent on a compound basis, reinforcing our firm resolve to maintain a leading dividend yield for our industry. We reinforced this as our driving momentum with the expansion of our share repurchase program in the fourth quarter — adding a $5 billion tranche we expect to complete in line with our aggressive portfolio actions.
Increasing Annual Dividend to $1.68/Share
 0.42 0.37
      0.32
     0.25
     0.15
1Q 2Q 3Q 4Q
1Q 2Q 3Q 4Q 2014
      2010 2011 2012
2013
         4
The Dow Chemical Company
~ 19% CAGR

                A Winning Vision and Strategy
Our vision of maximizing long-term value per share served as a key source of momentum in 2014 — driving every action and resulting in our record performance. Further, this consistent trajectory — nine quarters to be precise — of year-over-year growth, coupled with the ongoing execution of our strategy to be low-cost and fully integrated in key value chains with investments aligned to attractive end-markets, uniquely positions Dow to win in this environment.
In these volatile times, it is through our integrated portfolio that Dow’s strength, resilience and full earnings power are evident. We are leveraging upcycles to capitalize on our cash engines upstream, while
Vision
• Maximize long-term value per share Strategy
• Integrated manufacturing positions in chemicals, plastics, key materials and agriculture
• Low cost in all product and asset positions, leveraging integrated sites
• Presence in all growing geographic markets
• Growing downstream specialties for value-add
to low-cost positions
• Will be in some commodities to achieve low cost for our integration, and will run these for maximum cash to re-invest in:
– Specialty positions (Integrated Plastics)
– Value-add specialties (Electronics & Agriculture)
– Reward our shareholders via share buybacks and dividend increases
delivering returns through our market-aligned businesses downstream. Case in point: During the fourth quarter, pure-play North American ethylene producers faced headwinds from falling oil. That same headwind, which of course we felt to a much more limited extent, largely represented a tailwind in our businesses aligned to Consumer, Infrastructure, Performance Materials
& Chemical sectors and Performance Plastics — and will continue to serve as such, enabling stronger near-, medium- and long-term returns to Dow.
Through our 118-year history, we have learned that the key to success has been to consistently deliver: Deliver on our commitments to our stakeholders. Deliver profitable solutions that our customers and the world need. Deliver value to our owners.
As we look forward, we are focused on making the critical, strategic choices that are needed to drive lean, disciplined operations; grow leading businesses; and further strengthen our earnings foundation — all while leveraging our strategy to navigate fast-moving market dynamics. In fact, 2015 will firmly solidify the purpose and the importance of this strategy. 2015 is an important year for our Company. With our key investments coming online, operating rates remaining high in our plastics businesses and new product introductions — the full value of our entire portfolio will be very clear.
I remain excited, passionate and confident in this great Company and its very bright future. I also thank you, our shareholders, for your support as we build an even stronger, more profitable Dow.
Sincerely,
Andrew N. Liveris
President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
February 13, 2015
   Ú Combination of Low-Cost and Value-Add Products Enables Superior Value Creation Throughout the Cycle
     2014 Annual Report 5
