greater than the sum of its parts Andrew Liveris
  2
Dear Shareholders:
In a year of outstanding performance, it seems appropriate to start this letter by citing someone whose personal leadership throughout his career has had much to
do with our Company’s leadership in the chemical industry. Bill Stavropoulos will retire from Dow in April, 39 years after his first job in pharmaceutical research. I have had the privilege of knowing Bill and learning from him for 13 years – no year more vivid than 2002, when Bill returned from retirement to lead our Company’s remarkable turnaround, which was the starting point for the record results you see in this report.
Rather than recount Bill’s many accomplish- ments on behalf of our Company, our industry and its stakeholders, I will simply note that his legacy is evident in one fundamental fact: Dow has never been stronger as a company than it is today. We have the strategy, the people and the resources to succeed now and in the future. And we largely have Bill to thank for that. We will miss his wisdom, his integrity, his sheer will to succeed and how it rubs off on all those around him. We know he will be supporting us in building an even greater company for you, our shareholders.
A record-setting year
2005 was a year of record highs in both earnings and revenues for Dow, a notable achievement under the best of conditions. But against the backdrop of relentlessly escalating feedstock and energy costs and two major hurricanes that caused significant disruption to our Company’s manufacturing sites on the U.S. Gulf Coast, this was a truly remarkable achievement – and a tribute to the hard work of Dow people throughout the world.
Earnings were $4.62 a share versus $2.93
a share in 2004. Excluding unusual items from both years, 2005 earnings were $4.37 a share, a 61% increase from 2004’s $2.71 a share. Sales reached an all-time high of $46.3 billion, a 15% increase from the previous year. And in the face of a stagger- ing $4 billion year-over-year increase in our
feedstock and energy costs, we improved profit margins by $2.9 billion.
Meanwhile, we continued to strengthen our balance sheet, reducing total debt by $1.9 billion and bringing down our total debt-to- capital ratio by 9 percentage points to 39%.
You may recall that in last year’s letter, we introduced the four key themes, or drivers, that we are using to accelerate the imple- mentation of our strategy. It is therefore appropriate to review our results in the context of those themes.
1 | Drive financial discipline and
low cost-to-serve
Just three years ago, few would have imag- ined, much less have predicted, that the price of oil and natural gas – which our Company uses both to power our plants and as raw materials to make our products – would rise so dramatically.
In 2002, Dow’s hydrocarbon costs were $8 billion, or 29% of sales, while in 2005 they were nearly $20 billion, or 42% of sales – which begs the question: How did we do so well in the face of such adversity?
First, we skillfully managed the tradeoff between price and volume to maximize value. Striking the right balance is very difficult, and our commercial organization deserves a great deal of credit for understanding both the needs of our customers and the value that our products and services bring to them. Second, we benefited from our long-standing position in joint ventures, among them Dow Corning, which had a record year.
Discipline was also essential to our success. Structural costs for 2005 were held in tight check, and capital spending was kept to $1.6 billion, well below depreciation. Our SARD expenses (sales, administration and research and development) reached an all-time low of 5.7% of sales. We have also steadily improved productivity. Consider the fact that in 2000, our sales per employee were $559,000; in 2005, that number had risen
to $1.1 million per employee.
Despite our restrained capital spending, we did not sacrifice the reliability of our plants or the safety of our employees and communities. In fact, our injury and illness rate – a key measure of safety – reached an all-time low.
2 | Set the standard for sustainability 2005 marked the target year of our 10-
year program to dramatically improve our Company’s performance in the areas of environment, health and safety (EH&S). In 1996, we set a number of ambitious goals, ranging from reductions in leaks, breaks and spills, to more efficient use of energy, to fewer instances of injuries and illness. At the time we set those goals – many demanding 90% improvements – we were unsure if they could be met. But thanks mainly to a mindset of safety and productivity among every one of our employees, we made enormous progress toward meeting them.
In 2006, we will announce another set of 10-year goals that will be much broader, including not only EH&S, but standards of governance, ethics and community involve- ment that we believe will set the standard of sustainability in our industry. This part of our strategy has much to do with maintain- ing our Company’s good name; for example, as vigilant stewards of our products and our plants ... as being the best place to work ... and being the best neighbor in
our communities throughout the globe.
We think our Company’s response to the natural disasters of 2005, including the tsunami that struck the Asia Pacific region, the earthquake in South Asia, and the devastating hurricanes in the Gulf of Mexico, showed that Dow cares deeply about its communities. In each case, Dow people demonstrated a spirit of generosity and endurance that can only be described as extraordinary. In all, Dow employees and retirees donated more than $2.5 million in cash to the relief efforts, while our Company pledged $8.5 million in matching cash grants and in-kind products and services.
President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman-Elect
| The Dow Chemical Company | 2005 10-K and Stockholder Summary

 In addition, during hurricane Rita, our Company shut down nearly all of our sites
in Texas and then safely restarted them – all in the face of a mass evacuation that in many cases meant the families of Dow employees moved out of harm’s way while our employees stayed behind to secure the safety of their plants and communities. In Louisiana during hurricane Katrina, employees who had lost their homes still came to work, and the rest of the Dow world swung into action to help them with housing and other emergency services.
I have no doubt that many Dow people con- sider our response to these disasters as our single greatest achievement during the year.
3 | Build a people-centric
performance culture
Because we are convinced that the quality of our Company’s workforce is our single most important source of competitive advantage, we stepped up our efforts to recruit and retain the most talented and dedicated people – so that our future workforce is as good as, or even better than, the current one (which is saying a lot). Toward that end, we developed a new performance management system that objectively assesses people’s performance and rewards them accordingly. We convened the inaugural class of the H.H. Dow Academy to provide advanced education for our Company’s future leaders, including the opportunity to work on some of our most pressing challenges. And we accelerated our efforts to develop a more diverse workforce, including the recruit- ment and training of more women, more minorities and more in-country employees
in leadership positions, particularly in the world’s emerging economies.
4 | Invest for strategic growth
We took a number of important steps during the year to position our Company for growth, most notably in China, India, Russia and Brazil. To better manage our resources and to leverage shared services, we re-aligned our plastics and chemicals businesses into two portfolios: Basics (which are cyclical, but generate a substantial amount of cash at peaks of the industry cycle) and Performance (which are less cyclical and generate more consistent earnings).
We announced our plans to open a new research and development center as well as an information technology center in China, which are part of our drive to capture the best minds and the most innovative science from around the globe. In order to improve the overall productivity of R&D, we intensified efforts to identify the most promising projects in both product and
process development, and worked to develop more meaningful metrics to chart our progress.
In China, the country we see as our most immediate growth venue, we posted sales of $2.3 billion in 2005, with significant additional sales from our joint ventures. We also announced an agreement to explore the development of a plant in China that would use coal gasification to manufacture chemicals and plastics. Coal is an abundant resource in China, and the plant’s proposed location in the interior of that country is a high priority in the Chinese government’s program to accelerate economic develop- ment throughout the country.
Meanwhile, in India, we expanded our
local presence in downstream businesses, continuing the successful licensing of UNIPOLTM polypropylene technology. In Russia, we accelerated our entry strategy by starting construction of a new STYROFOAMTM extruded polystyrene plant and signed an agreement with a Gazprom company for the supply of low-density polyethylene. The Russian energy firm, LUKOIL-Neftekhim, also signed a licensing agreement for UNIPOLTM polypropylene.
In our ongoing effort to remain the low-cost producer in our industry and fuel growth in emerging economies, we continued to explore partnerships in regions with access to advantaged feedstocks, particularly the Middle East. We have new projects underway with our partners in Kuwait as well as an agreement in Oman, and further partnerships are being explored. Securing advantaged feedstocks is becoming increasingly critical to our Company’s long- term competitiveness, as the price of oil and natural gas shows no sign of declining.
Value growth based on clear strengths
In a rapidly consolidating and globalizing industry, we believe there are few com- panies with Dow’s array of strengths, including our geographic reach, business and product mix, range of customers and markets, and global manufacturing capability.
Although we continue to improve our earn- ings, we are aware that in order to increase the value of our Company’s stock, we need to do two things better: grow earnings across the industry cycle and generate more consistent earnings from year to year. That means managing the cycle by staying fit as a company, then dampening – and finally breaking – the cycle by gaining lasting sources of competitive advantage and an ever-increasing tilt toward our Performance business portfolio.
We believe our strategy to strengthen our franchise Basics businesses while preferentially growing our Performance businesses will get us there. So we will continue to concentrate on building low- cost, world-scale assets with partners who will not only share the investment, but also offer local expertise as well as access to advantaged feedstocks. In doing so, we will maintain the benefits of site and product integration and leveraged services.
At the same time, we will grow our Performance businesses both organically and through bolt-on acquisitions. In pursuing this part of our strategy, we will use differ- ent business models, including more busi- nesses that focus on specific end-use markets such as automotive, building
and construction, and personal care.
A new vision and the people to realize it
Finally, during the year, we developed a new vision for our Company: To be the largest, most profitable and most respected chemical company in the world.
We understand that this is an ambitious vision, especially given the many challenges we face: continuously high feedstock and energy costs, more demanding customers and tougher global competitors, to name a few.
But we also understand that we have a workforce that is second to none. The people of Dow have been put to the test over the past few years, and every time they have risen to the occasion. They have reached the tough goals of our turnaround plan in 2003 and the equally tough challenges of 2004 and 2005 that have brought us to this record-setting year.
The continuing excellence of our employees’ performance convinces us that, given a task, no matter how difficult, Dow people will always come through. And it is that spirit of accepting and meeting challenges that gives us confidence that we will continue to move to ever higher levels of performance, generating value for all of our stakeholders: investors, customers, employees and the communities where we work and live.
On behalf of our leadership team and all Dow employees, I thank you for your continuing support of our efforts.
Andrew Liveris
President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman-Elect
February 8, 2006
 ®TMTrademark of The Dow Chemical Company (“Dow”) or an affiliated company of Dow.
