     Dear Shareholders,
We entered 2013 with a focused and resolute plan to execute proactive self-help steps to improve return on capital, grow profitability and generate cash. We said we would take specific actions across all aspects of our integrated businesses and value chains to generate strong financial performance in an increasingly uncertain and slow-growth world – and utilize this cash to release more value to you, our shareholders.
I am pleased to report that we did just that. We executed proactively, we institutionalized operating disciplines and – in what remained a volatile macroeconomic environment – we delivered. Our results reflect the cumulative benefit of our focus. Among the highlights:
• Adjusted earnings1 grew from $1.90 per share to $2.48 per share, up 31 percent versus 2012; adjusted EBITDA1 rose $900 million to reach $8.4 billion; and adjusted EBITDA margins1 expanded nearly 150 basis points.
• Our proactive actions accelerated throughout the year, exceeding our goal to deliver $500 million in EBITDA from cost reductions and $850 million in cash proceeds from divesting non-strategic assets and businesses.
• We strengthened our already strong cash position, ending 2013 with cash flow from operations of $7.8 billion – a record even if we do not count the nearly $2.2 billion K-Dow arbitration award we collected during the year, which on its own represented a major achievement. And we deployed this cash as we stated we would – reducing debt, investing in organic growth programs and rewarding shareholders.
• In 2013 alone, we reduced gross debt by $3 billion, achieving a $170 million decline in interest expense year over year. Today our key balance sheet ratios are well below Dow’s historic average.
• We advanced key growth investments – strategic projects such as those on the U.S. Gulf Coast to take advantage of low-cost feedstocks, or with Sadara in Saudi Arabia, to do exactly the same. These low-cost feedstocks give us the building blocks to add value downstream, with best-in-class R&D and application technology.
• We increased shareholder remuneration2 nearly 30 percent, returning more than $1.8 billion in share repurchases and dividends declared to shareholders.
• Finally, and importantly, we delivered these accomplishments while maintaining our high standards for environment, health, safety and ethical behavior.
Accelerating Our Strategic Focus
The proactive portfolio and capital structure actions we took in 2013 represent the latest in a series of ongoing moves aligned to the strategy we embarked upon several years ago. These actions are the outcomes of an 18-month strategic review that explored more than 30 options focused on accelerating Dow’s portfolio transformation to address the new economic realities that are redefining our world and grow earnings. Our perseverance in executing upon this revitalized and accelerated strategy, even in the midst of a perpetually uncertain environment, enabled us to exit 2013 with strength and momentum.
Looking forward, your Board and I have full confidence that Dow is pursuing a strategy which, through more focused and integrated value chains and businesses in our portfolio, will create tremendous shareholder value.
This support was underscored by our January 2014 announcement of a 15 percent dividend increase and the expansion of our share repurchase program to $4.5 billion, with more than $4 billion available and all marked for execution in 2014.
Dow Executive Committee pictured left to right:
William H. Weideman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Howard I. Ungerleider, Executive Vice President; Andrew N. Liveris, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board; Joe E. Harlan, Executive Vice President; James R. Fitterling, Executive Vice President
   1 See supplemental information located in the Appendix on pages 18 and 19 for a reconciliation of Adjusted Earnings per Share, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margins.
2 Declared dividends equals “Common stock dividends declared per share of common stock” times “Share count – diluted, excluding preferred stock conversion to common shares” as of December 31, 2013. Share repurchases equals the current period change in “treasury stock at cost.”
2 The Dow Chemical Company

  On the Path to $10B+ EBITDA Near Term
 2014
2015—2016
2017
>$1.5B/yr run-rate
Texas Ethylene and USGC Derivatives
NEAR-TERM CONTROLLABLE GROWTH CATALYSTS
       $50–$100MM over 2013
St. Charles Ethylene Restart
>$350MM in 2014–2015
Cost Savings Ramp-up
>$450MM/yr run-rate
Freeport PDH
>$250MM/yr run-rate
Louisiana Ethane Flexibility
NPV>$1B
U.S. ENLISTTM Launch
~$500MM annually
Sadara
      $3-4B in Commodity-Oriented Divestitures
   Fueling this confidence is our conviction that we have the right strategy in place and the right growth levers fully in motion to deliver higher, less cyclical earnings growth and maximize value for you, our shareholders. Our strategy is clear and consistent, and can be summarized as follows:
• Focus on key targeted markets: Since 2009, Dow has significantly transformed its portfolio – taking a series of strategic steps to shed commoditizing assets and businesses, which face increasing competition from state-owned enterprises in the emerging world. Upon the completion of our chlorine and related commodity businesses, we will have divested more than $14 billion in annual revenue since 2009. Note the decision to exit chlorine is a milestone decision for our Company, as this was the fundamental business that started it all for our founder more than
a century ago. During this same period, we have added $18 billion of value-added businesses through acquisition and organic growth. As a result, today the vast majority of our $57 billion enterprise serves high- margin, high-growth end-markets such as electronics, agricultural sciences, packaging, transportation and infrastructure. Simply put, we have moved away from being all things to all market sectors, and have gone deeper and narrower into profit pools where Dow can extract value with our strong science and technology base, and our highly competitive cost position.
• This cost position comes from our uniqueness in being integrated across value chains, from feedstocks to end-use products. Further, our integrated value chains are aligned directly to these markets and deliver this unique competitive advantage. As a result, our scale, low-cost feedstocks and differentiated technology enable us to win across attractive value chains, and our key investments – both on the U.S. Gulf Coast as well as Sadara in the Middle East – will enable us to further bolster this competitive advantage, and are poised to deliver significant earnings growth in the very near term.
• Innovating at the intersection of the sciences:
Our ability to deliver unique customer products and solutions at the intersections of chemistry, biology and physics is a rich part of Dow’s heritage and continues to define and differentiate us. We anticipated the
evolution of the chemistry industry – marked by the slowing of innovation cycles previously driven by new molecules solely based on chemistry. Today our focus has moved to where the greater value lies – connecting capabilities across the sciences to develop high-value products and solutions that address customer needs such as cleaner water, lighter and more fuel-efficient vehicles, reduced food waste, and faster, more vibrant electronic devices.
• Drive operational discipline and capital productivity: We continue to drive progress against business-specific actions to improve return on capital (ROC) and extract ongoing productivity gains from our enterprise. These self-help measures, together with our strict capital allocation and balance sheet focus, are enabling Dow to unlock additional cash and value – and further enhance our financial flexibility.
The Dow Chemical Company is 117 years strong because the women and men of our great enterprise have demonstrated the unique ability to navigate unprecedented market conditions and fast-changing geopolitical landscapes. We are distinguished in our ability to manage and develop products and solutions from complex value chains. This expertise has fortified our position as a world-class science and technology company, with low-cost operating discipline as its backbone, and scale and intellectual property as its differentiation.
As shareholders of Dow, we all share a common goal: to maximize value. Looking ahead, we will continue to aggressively identify and drive the most attractive actions to achieve higher, less volatile growth and increasing returns over both the near as well as the long term. Thank you for your investment and your confidence in our future.
Sincerely,
Andrew N. Liveris
President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board February 14, 2014
  2013 Annual Report 3
