 Dear Shareholders,
2015 was a transformative year for Dow ... a year of accomplishments that will define the future of Dow ... a year that demonstrated the strength and resiliency of our enterprise and set the foundation for the Company’s future success.
In the midst of continued macroeconomic headwinds, Dow delivered on every strategic and financial commitment the Company set out to achieve and then some – driving progress in our business portfolios, higher return on capital and productivity improvement across the enterprise – the results of which are reflected in our consistently strong operating performance, including record operating EBITDA(1) results and our record returns to shareholders.
We have transformed our Company through a series of exceptional landmark portfolio and investment actions that fundamentally define our future – a future that our Board of Directors and leadership have purposely architected over the past decade to release maximum shareholder value while building a long-term sustainable market leader. We thank all of our employees and shareholders for their steadfast support of the Company to achieve these ambitious goals now being realized.
HIGHLIGHTS
Dow continues to perform over the short and long term. Our accomplishments have delivered record profitability and a strong balance sheet as a result of the actions taken to institute a productivity culture and advance a portfolio that is proving resilient to today’s macro volatility. To give you a sense of the exceptional pace of achievements that Dow is delivering, consider these highlights from 2015:
  2
The Dow Chemical Company
•
• • •
• •
Delivered year-over-year improvements in operating earnings per share(2) and operating EBITDA margin(3) expansion – with our fourth quarter results marking the 13th consecutive quarterly achievement.
Achieved highest results in Company history with $9.6 billion of operating EBITDA.
Increased the annual dividend to a new historical high of $1.84/share and share buybacks of $2.7 billion.(4)
Received six 2015 R&D 100 Awards: 21 Dow technologies were selected as finalists – the greatest number of any company recognized this year.
Progressed significant growth project milestones, with first product delivered on plan from our Sadara joint venture and the successful startup of the world’s largest on-purpose propylene production facility in Freeport, Texas.
Completed the highly complex separation of the Dow Chlorine Products transaction ahead of schedule – while realizing significant valuation and changing the portfolio to enable higher return on capital for our owners.
• Streamlined the Company with value-releasing transactions for ANGUS, AgroFresh and Sodium Borohydride.
• Signed a definitive agreement with DuPont to combine through a merger of equals with the intent to subsequently separate to create three leading, independent, science-based companies.
• Advanced our drive to consolidate or deconsolidate our major joint ventures by:
- Signing a definitive agreement to restructure Dow Corning ownership;
- Executing the step acquisition of Univation Technologies, LLC; and
- Selling our ownership interest in MEGlobal to EQUATE.
• Successfully closed out our 2015 Sustainability Goals and celebrated the launch of our new 2025 Sustainability Goals.

   Howard I. Ungerleider
Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer
Andrew N. Liveris
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of
the Board
James R. Fitterling
President and Chief Operating Officer
      DELIVERING HIGHER VALUE
Through it all, Dow has maintained its unwavering focus on increasing returns. Again this year, our steady drumbeat of performance delivered consistent earnings growth, margin expansion and strong cash flow:
$7.5B
Cash provided by operating activities
360 basis points
Operating EBITDA margin
expansion
$4.6B
Paid to Shareholders
in the form of share buybacks(4) and dividends
THIRD
Consecutive Year
of operating return on capital increase
  (3) as compared to the prior year
   NINTH
Consecutive
Quarter
of volume growth, excluding divestitures and acquisitions, despite a perpetually slow- growth world
$345MM
in productivity improvements
by harmonizing work processes, streamlining functional business support and optimizing our asset footprint
12.1%
 up from 10.8 percent in 2014
operating return on capital(5)
(1) Operating EBITDA is defined as EBITDA excluding the impact of “Certain Items.”
(2) Operating earnings per share is defined as earnings per share excluding the impact of “Certain Items.”
(3) Operating EBITDA margin is defined as EBITDA excluding the impact of “Certain Items” as a percentage of reported sales.
(4) Includes $1.5 billion in non-cash share repurchases related to the Dow Chlorine Products transaction.
(5) Operating Return on Capital is defined as Adjusted Net Operating Profit After Tax divided by Average Total Capital. “Adjusted Net Operating Profit After Tax” is defined as Adjusted Net Income
plus Preferred Stock Dividends plus Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests plus gross interest expense less tax on gross interest expense. “Adjusted Net Income” is defined as Net Income excluding the impact of “Certain Items.” “Total Capital” is defined as Total Debt plus The Dow Chemical Company’s Stockholders’ Equity plus Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest plus Non-redeemable Noncontrolling Interests.
2015 Annual Report 3

         4
The Dow Chemical Company
THE CULMINATION OF THIS TRANSFORMATION JOURNEY
One decade ago, we committed to transform Dow into a stronger, more stable, less cyclical company and generate long-term sustainable value for our stakeholders – a Dow that controls what it can control to capture value and achieve earnings growth despite macro volatility. The year 2015 was a significant year on that journey.
During the year, we made significant progress on our strategic investments in Saudi Arabia and the U.S. Gulf Coast, and completed a number of divestitures, approaching more than $13.5 billion(6) in pre-tax value, exceeding our initial targets. This includes the completion of the Dow Chlorine Products transaction in October, where we closed on a momentous chapter of our 119-year history by separating a substantial portion of the chlorine value chain – the chemistry upon which Dow was founded.
Dow also moved forward with plans to optimize the ownership of our joint venture portfolio. We took measures to reduce our equity base in our Kuwaiti joint ventures, and announced strategic plans to restructure the ownership of Dow Corning Corporation’s silicones business, our 72-year joint venture with Corning.
(6) Assumes 37 percent tax rate on the Dow Chlorine Products transaction.
DOWDUPONT MERGER AND THE FORMATION OF NEW GLOBAL LEADERS
And of course, in December of 2015, we announced the signing of a definitive agreement for an all-stock merger of equals with DuPont to create DowDuPont. This transaction marked a culmination of a series of actions strategically laid out in 2012 to fully transform our enterprise.
After the transaction close, DowDuPont intends to subsequently spin into three new companies: a world-leading Agriculture company; a Material Science company where 70 percent of revenue will be focused on three key end-markets (packaging, transportation and infrastructure); and a technology-driven, innovative Specialty Products company.

       FUTURE: FOCUSED
Over the last decade, our entire industry has experienced tectonic shifts – requiring a response built on foresight, agility and focused execution. Dow is ready to extend its long history of success, and is positioned to do so by building on our foundational strengths and growth drivers:
• Industry-leading innovation engine, reflected in this year’s best-ever innovation EBITDA results and most-awarded external innovation recognitions achieved.
• Global integration advantage as significant investments on the U.S. Gulf Coast and in the Middle East ramp to full production over the next 24 to 36 months.
• Value-expanding market focus through an accelerated strategy, narrowing our industry participation and going deeper in targeted, higher- value markets.
• Returning cash to shareholders, enabled by our strong balance sheet and structurally hedged portfolio, which is delivering bottom-line growth.
• Strong and aligned leadership with a Board of Directors and management team fully united in support of the strategy and executing against our priorities.
For 119 years, Dow has employed generation after generation of people who understand the power of science and progress. It is in this spirit that I express my deep pride in our Dow team for bringing us to where we are, and my gratitude to you, our shareholders, for your unwavering support. Together, we are laying the foundation for a bright future and another century of growth.
Sincerely,
Andrew N. Liveris
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board February 12, 2016
 2015 Annual Report 5
