Letter to Stockholders

LETTER to STOCKHOLDERS
To Our Stockholders:
With a portfolio fueled by flavor, Dr Pepper Snapple Group began a new life as an independent beverage company in 2008. Our spinoff from Cadbury and May 7 listing on the New York Stock Exchange was the culmination of a series of moves to create a company with the leading portfolio of flavors and a broad and flexible route to market. It was also one of many significant accomplishments in a year of change. In the midst of the most difficult economic environment in more than a generation, we: · Grew U.S. dollar share in carbonated soft drinks (CSDs) for a fifth straight year ­ the only major beverage business to achieve that feat · Raised nearly $4 billion in debt despite challenging capital and liquidity markets · Generated $709 million in cash from operations and paid down $395 million in debt · Relocated our Research & Development Center from Trumbull, Conn., to our headquarters in Plano, Texas, and opened a state-of-the-art pilot plant in Irving, Texas · Successfully launched innovations such as Canada Dry Green Tea Ginger Ale and Venom Energy · Signed major distribution agreements for the Crush brand and secured equity positions in the companies that own and market the Hydrive, Big Red and All Sport brands

2008 Results: Delivering Top-Line Growth in a Tumultuous Economic Climate
Even under ideal marketplace conditions, spinning off a major consumer packaged goods business is a daunting task. Our ability to manage a complex separation in such a challenging climate while focusing on our consumers and customers is a testament to both our dedicated employees and the support of our great retailers, bottling partners and distributors. On the strength of price increases, comparable revenue rose 4 percent in 2008, excluding sales of licensed brands that we no longer distribute and a bottling business acquired in mid-2007. Price increases, as well as savings from a 2007 restructuring program, helped offset a slight decline in sales volume and higher commodity and transportation costs. As a result, segment operating profit on a comparable basis remained flat. Due to deteriorating macroeconomic and market conditions late in the year, we recorded a non-cash, after-tax impairment charge of $2.74 per share related to goodwill and certain intangible assets. Excluding this charge and certain other items, the company earned $1.85 per share.

If you're not drinking a cola, chances are you're enjoying one of our brands.
President & CEO Larry Young and Chairman of the Board Wayne Sanders

2

We generated $709 million of cash from operations. Our strong, stable cash flow enabled us to pay down $395 million of our floating rate term loan in 2008, putting us significantly ahead of our repayment schedule and giving us the flexibility to invest in growth opportunities.

Snapple premium teas and juices planned in 2009, as well as the continued rollout of value teas, we are optimistic about the long-term potential of this great brand. We are seeing greater efficiency and effectiveness from our product innovation and commercialization activities after relocating our R&D Center to our Plano headquarters. This best-in-class center has

Defining and Delivering Against Our Strategic Priorities
As an independent company, we have established a strategy that reflects and builds upon our position as the leading flavored beverage business in the U.S. Accordingly, we set five key priorities: · Building and enhancing our leading brands

Once again, we outperformed the industry in dollar share growth in CSDs.
brought R&D functions under the same roof as our sales and marketing teams. This means greater alignment, faster decision-making and more nimble response to emerging consumer trends. Driving consumer preference for our core brands and their supporting innovation will be key to our success in 2009. In addition to major advertising efforts for Dr Pepper and Diet Dr Pepper, we're fueling up for a significant push behind all of our biggest brands,

r · Pursuing profitable channels, packages and formats
· Leveraging our integrated business model · Strengthening our route to market · Improving operating efficiency This report highlights the progress we are making in advancing those strategies.

Building and Enhancing Our Leading Brands
Dr Pepper Snapple has an outstanding portfolio of well-loved, consumer-preferred brands. In 2008, we refocused our efforts on the strengths of our top-tier brands based on consumer insights that informed successful marketing and product innovation. Once again, we outperformed the industry in dollar share growth in CSDs. Dr Pepper volume held steady and Diet Dr Pepper grew more than 2 percent while Canada Dry volume increased approximately 3 percent on the strength of the successful launch of Canada Dry Green Tea Ginger Ale. Conversely, 7UP declined 7 percent compared with strong results in 2007, which benefited from the completed rollout of 7UP with 100% Natural Flavors and the launch of a reformulated Diet 7UP. Our juice and juice drink portfolio grew on the strength of Hawaiian Punch, Mott's and Clamato. However, we were disappointed in the performance of Snapple as we lapped heavy promotional activity from the prior year and economic pressures steered consumers away from premium beverages toward value-priced offerings. With a complete relaunch of

DPS has the leading flavored CSD portfolio in the U.S. with six of the top 10 non-cola beverages.

3

Letter to Stockholders

Letter to Stockholders

including all-new 7UP and Snapple advertising campaigns and a return to the airwaves for A&W, Canada Dry and Mott's. We also expect the Crush brand to provide added momentum to our CSD business as a result of distribution agreements with Pepsi Bottling Group, PepsiAmericas and others that will greatly expand its availability across the U.S.

Pursuing Profitable Channels, Packages and Formats
In 2008, we gained distribution in key accounts across several major channels, most notably the dollar store channel, where Dr Pepper grew significantly; the convenience channel, where we increased our Core 4 20 oz. availability by 8 percentage points; and fountain foodservice, where we added more than 31,000 fountain valves, primarily for Dr Pepper and Diet Dr Pepper in quick service restaurants. With 11 percent of our sales in our company-owned direct store delivery (DSD) operation coming from our single serve business, compared with an estimated industry average of 18 percent, we see tremendous room to grow in this highly profitable segment. Supporting this is our Winning in Single Serve program, which focuses on driving immediate consumption opportunities through vending machine and cooler placements, selling "up and down the street," and increased availability in fountain foodservice. Through this initiative, we plan to place 35,000 incremental pieces of cold drink equipment each year for the next five years, beginning in 2009. We got a head start on this program in 2008, with 10,000 incremental vending machines and coolers already placed in both local and national accounts.

Our strong, consistent cash flow enables us both to invest in growth and productivity initiatives and pay down debt.

We are integrating our finished goods business with our company-owned DSD operation to form a Packaged Beverages organization that is serving retailers effectively via both DSD and warehouse delivery systems. Our Beverage Concentrates division is focused on our third-party bottlers and national accounts, developing programs and processes that enable the sharing and growth of the overall profit pool. During the first quarter of 2009, our reporting segments will be realigned to better reflect this structure. In addition, we are equipping our DSD sales force with a best-of-breed mobility solution that includes stateof-the-art handhelds, printers and leading logistics software. We expect these investments in our business to improve sales and route analytics, fleet utilization and deployment, sales efficiency and customer service.

Improving Operating Efficiency Leveraging Our Integrated Business Model and Strengthening Our Route to Market
Acquiring several bottling businesses over the last few years has helped us secure our route to market, protect our brands and better serve our customers. In the past year, we made further strides through a realignment of our sales functions. Dr Pepper Snapple is focused on crushing costs. With our company-owned DSD system producing hundreds of millions of cases each year, saving pennies per case quickly adds up to tens of millions of dollars. With a mindset of continuous improvement, we made great progress in optimizing our operations in 2008. Overall equipment effectiveness (OEE), our supply chain operating efficiency measure, increased nearly four points in 2008, as we've made significant investments in

4

improving and optimizing our plant and distribution network. We're also streamlining our product offerings to focus on higher volume and more profitable products while reducing complexity and costs. And we've improved our safety performance, reducing the rate of lost-time injuries by more than 40 percent in the past two years, creating a safer, more productive workplace for our people.

Our $395 million in debt repayment covered the principal owed on both our 2008 and 2009 obligations.

Corporate Social Responsibility
As we continue to invest in improving our operations, we are seizing opportunities to further minimize our environmental impact. We are pleased with the progress we are making in our efforts to reduce our waste stream, conserve water and energy, and promote recycling. Environmental sustainability is an important piece of a broader commitment to corporate social responsibility that also addresses consumer health and well-being, the workplace and our communities. In 2009, we will establish related goals for our stand-alone business, with an eye toward reporting on our progress in 2010. We truly believe that Dr Pepper Snapple Group stands apart in our industry with a multitude of great brands and a team of great people. These are the assets that bring flavor to our business, fuel our success and propel us toward achieving our vision of being the best beverage business in the Americas. Sincerely,

Wayne R. Sanders
Chairman of the Board

2009 Outlook
The economic climate will continue to be challenging for DPS and our industry in 2009. However, we are confident in the underlying performance of our business, made possible by the strength and resiliency of our brands and our people. We'll continue to build on our leading positions in flavored CSDs, juices and functional beverages with ongoing innovation, breakthrough marketing and a commitment to flawless execution. Our focus for 2009 will be squarely on building our brands and per capita consumption through expanding distribution and availability. We'll execute in the marketplace by driving innovation, excelling at revenue management, cultivating key accounts, further penetrating the fast-growing Hispanic market and, of course, Winning in Single Serve. To build shareholder value over the long-term, we'll use our strong cash flow to invest in our business to drive growth and efficiencies and pay down debt.

Larry D. Young
President & Chief Executive Officer March 26, 2009

5

Letter to Stockholders

