lettertostockholders
T O O UR STOCKHOLDERS:

At Dr Pepper Snapple Group, we are executing on the priorities we established more than two years ago to grow our vibrant business with flavor. Our strategy is working. In 2009, our first full year as a stand-alone company, we grew volume and dollar share in carbonated soft drinks (CSDs) and juices in the U.S., Canada and Mexico amid a challenging economic environment. We also delivered solid top- and bottom-line results while strengthening our internal capabilities. This is allowing us to take advantage of the growth prospects that exist for our flavor portfolio. Our priorities are simple. 1) Build and enhance our leading brands. 2) Pursue profitable channels, packages and categories. 3) Leverage our integrated business model. 4) Strengthen our route to market. 5) Improve our operating efficiency. We made steady progress against these priorities in 2009 and achieved the following: ·Outperformed the U.S. CSD category in volume growth by a margin of nearly 7 percentage points ·Became the only major beverage company to grow U.S. CSD dollar share in each of the last five years ·Declared our first-ever dividend and announced a share repurchase program ·Reached an agreement to expand availability of Dr Pepper to all McDonald's ® restaurants in the U.S. ·Completed the biggest makeover of Snapple in its 37-year history ·Achieved national distribution for Crush in the U.S. ·Added more than 200 new routes in Mexico ·Increased volume and market share of Dr Pepper in Canada

"Dr Pepper Snapple was the only major beverage company to increase its share of the liquid refreshment beverages category in 2009."
­ CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD WAYNE SANDERS AND PRESIDENT & CEO LARRY YOUNG

2009 DPS SHAREHOLDER RETURN
DPS
80% 60% 40% 20% 0% -20%

letter to stockholders

S&P

Jan

Feb

Mar

Apr

May

Jun

Jul

Aug

Sep

Oct

Nov

Dec

Against a challenging economic backdrop, Dr Pepper Snapple continues to create shareholder value, as shown in our relative price performance vs. the S&P 500 Index in 2009.

Our accomplishments in 2009 are just a taste of those to come, and we are energized by the knowledge that our journey is just beginning. The actions we have taken this year will build a foundation for long-term growth that will sustain our company well into the future.

A&W grew low single digits, while Sunkist soda declined high single digits. Crush volume more than doubled, adding 48 million cases in 2009 through expanded third-party distribution in the U.S. and the launch of Crush value offerings in Mexico. Our leadership in the juice aisle continued on the strength of Hawaiian Punch and Mott's, with volume gains of 14 percent and 8 percent, respectively. Our premiumpriced products continued to be negatively impacted as consumers shifted to value offerings. Snapple volume was down 11 percent for the year, but sales trends are strengthening and the brand improved sequentially for the last three quarters of 2009. In Mexico, we grew our share of flavored CSDs. The restage of Peñafiel flavors and expanded distribution for the brand resulted in a mid single-digit increase in Peñafiel volume, while Squirt declined high single digits. We also grew share of Clamato and flavored CSDs in Canada, particularly Dr Pepper, where expanded programming and trial contributed to double-digit volume growth for the brand. Segment operating profit on a comparable basis increased 17 percent on the strength of the sales gain and lower packaging, ingredient and transportation costs. Excluding certain items, we earned $1.97 per diluted share, an increase of more than 6 percent compared to 2008.

The Flavor of Growth
Macroeconomic conditions provided a challenging backdrop for the beverage industry in 2009. Sales of liquid refreshment beverages (LRBs) declined for the second consecutive year, while consumer spending remained weak and shoppers continued to gravitate toward value. Despite these challenges, Dr Pepper Snapple Group focused on finding new ways to win, and the result was strong business performance, as we were the only major beverage company to increase our share of LRBs in 2009. Net sales increased 2 percent on a currencyneutral basis and excluding the loss of a licensed brand that we no longer distribute. Driving the top-line improvement were price increases and 4 percent sales volume growth, partially offset by negative mix from higher sales of CSD concentrates and value juices. Strong performance across multiple brands contributed to the volume growth, with CSDs up 4 percent and our non-carbonated beverages up 2 percent. Dr Pepper volume increased 2 percent, largely driven by Diet Dr Pepper and the launch of Dr Pepper Cherry. Among our Core 4 brands, Canada Dry was up mid single digits and 7UP and

2

DR PEPPER SNAPPLE GROUP 2009 ANNUAL REPORT

The Flavor of Our Business
In 2009 our solid top- and bottom-line results ...
Segment Operating Profit* +17% Volume* +4% Net Sales* +2%
*Adjusted volume, net sales and segment operating profit exclude the loss of Hansen product distribution and are on a currency-neutral basis. Adjusted diluted earnings per share exclude non-cash impairment charges, separationrelated costs, restructuring charges, the net gain on the Hansen termination and the sale of certain intangible assets. See page 13 for a detailed reconciliation of the excluded items as well as the rationale for their exclusion.

Diluted Earnings Per Share* +6%

... combined with our strong, consistent cash flow ...
(in millions) $709 $865

$583 '05

$581 '06

$603

'07

'08

'09

... enabled us to accelerate our debt repayment and begin to deploy excess cash in shareholder-friendly ways, including the declaration of our firstever dividend and the announcement of a share repurchase program.
DPS TOTAL DEBT SINCE SPINO F F (in billions) $3.90 $3.50

And while other companies pulled back on advertising and marketing expenses in 2009, we stepped up our spending to position our brands for long-term growth.
A D V E RT I S I N G A N D MARKETING EXPENSES (in millions) $409 '09

$2.96

+15%

$2.55

$356 '08

MAY 8 '08

DEC 31 '08

DEC 31 '09

FEB 26 '10

lettertostockholders

3

Creating Value for Stockholders
In 2009 we generated $865 million of cash from operating activities. Our strong, stable cash flow allowed us to repay approximately $550 million in long-term debt while continuing to invest in growth opportunities. We also began deploying excess cash in shareholder-friendly ways, including declaring our first-ever dividend of $0.15 per share on the company's common stock and announcing plans to repurchase up to $200 million of our outstanding common stock over the next three years. More recently, we completed the licensing of certain brands to PepsiCo, Inc. following its acquisitions of The Pepsi Bottling Group, Inc. and PepsiAmericas, Inc. As part of the transaction, DPS received a one-time cash payment of $900 million before taxes and other related fees and expenses. Having used a portion of these proceeds to further reduce our debt obligations, our total outstanding debt now stands at $2.55 billion, in line with our target capital structure of approximately 2.25 times total debt to EBITDA after certain adjustments. Moreover, our board authorized the repurchase of an additional $800 million of our outstanding common stock, bringing our total share repurchase authorization to $1 billion. Less than two years after going public, we have achieved our target capital structure. Combined with our focus on growing the business organically, we are now committed to returning excess cash to shareholders over time.

Leadership Transition
As we announced last October, John Stewart, our chief financial officer, will soon retire. Without question, Dr Pepper Snapple Group would not be where it is today without John's talent, dedication and exemplary work ethic. He played a critical role in our successful separation from Cadbury Schweppes and led significant improvements in our systems and financial controls. He also built a talented and highly effective finance and IT organization. We're grateful for John's many contributions to our business. Succeeding John as chief financial officer is Martin Ellen, who will join us from Snap-on Incorporated on April 1. Marty has a strong background in finance as well as expertise in strategy and operations and will play an important role in taking our business to the next level of financial and operating success.

letter to stockholders

Growing with Flavor in 2010
Although the economy and consumer spending are not expected to pick up until later this year, we remain confident in our powerful brand portfolio, our ability to capture new sales and distribution wins, our continued focus on cost control and our dedicated employees. Combined, they provide the platform to seize opportunities and deliver another year of solid financial results in 2010. Sincerely,

Empowering Our People
Over the past two years, our people strategy has centered on aligning and mobilizing our 19,000 employees around our business strategy. The value of these efforts is reflected in our strong 2009 financial performance as well as third-party survey results that show our team leaders' level of engagement has improved significantly in the last two years and is now in a league with other highperforming U.S. companies.

Wayne R. Sanders
CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD

Larry D. Young
PRESIDENT & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

March 2, 2010

4

DR PEPPER SNAPPLE GROUP 2009 ANNUAL REPORT

