LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS To Our Stockholders:
The foundation is set. The portfolio is unrivaled. At Dr Pepper Snapple Group, we are flavored to win. In the three years since our listing on the New York Stock Exchange, we have built a foundation for sustainable growth, and our efforts are consistently paying off. In 2010, we grew U.S. dollar share in carbonated soft drinks (CSDs) for the sixth straight year while delivering solid top- and bottom-line results. We now hold a 40.4 percent dollar share of the non-cola category, up 0.2 points in 2010. Moreover, our healthy cash flow allowed us to pay down our debt to targeted levels and return more than $1.3 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. We have maintained an unwavering focus on the fundamentals of our business and the needs of our customers. Our wins in 2010 have been a significant step toward achieving our long-term goals. Here's just a taste:

PRESIDENT & CEO LARRY D. YOUNG

CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD WAYNE R. SANDERS

``DPS's strategy
is unchanged, and it's working.

''

· 2010 was our first full year of dividends,
with our quarterly dividend increasing 67 percent to 25 cents, and we raised our share repurchase plan to $2 billion, of which $1.1 billion has already been completed.

· Our Victorville, Calif., plant opened
on time and under budget, improving distribution in the West.

· Mott's Medleys, a juice that delivers
a total of two fruit and vegetable servings in every 8-oz. glass, was recognized as Best New Ready-to-Drink Beverage at the inaugural InterBev Beverage Innovation Awards. Mott's also gained market share in Canada with the success of Garden Cocktail.

· We closed historic licensing deals with
PepsiCo, Inc. and The Coca-Cola Co., bringing in one-time payments of more than $1.6 billion, creating millions of sampling occasions and returning 25 million cases to our own distribution system.

· Dr Pepper is now available in virtually all of
the nearly 14,000 McDonald's restaurants in the United States, and Diet Dr Pepper nearly quintupled its availability there.
®

· Building upon route expansions in 2009, Latin
America Beverages grew volume share in every major category except flavored water.

· We published our first-ever corporate social
responsibility (CSR) report, "Sustainability in ACTION," which established ambitious CSR goals through 2015.

· We turned Snapple around with new products,
packages and distribution, demonstrating our ability to grow brands profitably through the strength of our execution.

1

Growing Our Brands
Macroeconomic conditions remained a major challenge in 2010. Although consumer spending was weak, our brands proved, as always, to be the fundamental ingredient of our success. We continue to find new ways to win, activating unique programs with retail customers and aligning with our bottlers to grow profitable volume.

Our namesake brands are just two of the highlights from our product portfolio in 2010. Mott's and Hawaiian Punch were also standouts. Mott's grew 3 percent on the continued success of Mott's for Tots and the beginning of our westward expansion. Hawaiian Punch grew 6 percent based on strong promotional activity in grocery and dollar channels. Among our Core 4 brands, Canada Dry grew double digits, benefiting from an increase in retail displays and a rise in brand equity measures fueled by advertising and on-pack messaging. This growth was more than offset by decreases in Sunkist soda, 7UP and A&W volumes, resulting in a 1 percent decline in our Core 4 portfolio. Crush grew high double digits in its second year as a national brand, increasing on all brand equity measures and becoming the fastest-growing CSD on the market.

Our brands are the fundamental ingredient of our success.

Growing Shareholder Value
It was a historic year for Dr Pepper as the brand celebrated the 125th anniversary of its debut at Morrison's Old Corner Drugstore in Waco, Texas. The brand's proud fountain tradition continued in 2010 as our fountain foodservice volume grew 5 percent based in large part on increased Dr Pepper availability. All told, Dr Pepper bottler case sales volume increased 3 percent last year. It was also a great year for Snapple, with volume up 10 percent. Diet Snapple Trop A Rocka, created as a limited-time offering with the help of "The Celebrity Apprentice," became a permanent member of our lineup. With the introduction of consumer-preferred six packs, we gained distribution in grocery. And value teas and juice drinks in 16-oz. cans further expanded our reach. Our strong cash flow has enabled us to reinvest heavily in the business to drive growth and efficiencies, forming the foundation to increase shareholder value. We focus our efforts on three key areas:

· Build our brands
We direct most of our sales and marketing resources to three main categories: flavored CSDs, teas and juices. In the next section of this report, Jim Trebilcock, our head of Marketing, and David Thomas, our head of Research & Development, share how our portfolio strategy and commercial innovation are aligned to create products and programs that resonate with shoppers and excite our customers.

2

D R P E P P E R S N A P P L E G R O U P 2 010 A N N U A L R E P O R T

BUILDING SHAREHOLDER VALUE OVER TIME

INVEST FOR GROWTH BUILD THE FOUNDATION
2007­2010
Build Our Brands Grow Per Caps Rapid Continuous Improvement

OPTIMIZE RETURN ON CAPITAL

Managers throughout the company have used these and other tools to become better coaches to their teams, and our employees are engaged and equipped with the knowledge, tools and processes to succeed. The success we continue to enjoy is driven by the teamwork of employees across the company, and we value our people's contributions.

2011 Outlook
As our nation and industry continue to emerge  from tough economic times, we are building on  our strengths and putting our customers first. DPS's strategy is unchanged, and it's working.  Our portfolio of leading brands and our distribution flexibility will continue to provide us opportunities for long-term, profitable growth. Flavored CSDs  are expected to outperform colas again in 2011, and our brands will help us capitalize on this trend. Our operations continue to improve, providing us with the efficiencies and cost savings to reinvest in our business and to expand distribution and availability with this strong foundation in place. We remain confident in our ability to deliver solid financial results in 2011 and beyond and to extend our focus on returning excess cash to shareholders. Sincerely,

2011­2015

2015+

· Grow per caps  
Increasing per-capita consumption of our brands remains DPS's most significant growth opportunity as Jim Johnston and Rodger Collins, leaders of our Beverage Concentrates and Packaged Beverages teams, respectively, explain on page 7. Whether we're adding new points of distribution or increasing single-serve occasions, we have the plans in place to grow in the years ahead.

· Rapid Continuous Improvement (RCI) 
Today's excellence is tomorrow's average,  so we are arming ourselves with the right mindset and the right tools to drive  operational excellence and serve our customers better. Marty Ellen, appointed  chief financial officer in April of last year,  has a particular passion for RCI, as you'll  read on page  10.

LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS

Wayne R. Sanders
CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD

Growing Our People
Leveraging the power of our fully integrated business requires the mobilization of all our people. To build and sustain this focus, we have aligned our priorities through Call to ACTION initiatives and provided in-depth training through our online university known as DPS Campus. Larry D. Young
PRESIDENT & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

March 1, 2011

3

