TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
At Dr Pepper Snapple Group, our unmatched portfolio is a flavor powerhouse packed with well-loved brands that have been in people's lives for hundreds of years, and we are certain they will have a place there for many more. What gives us this confidence? It's simple ­ we're innovative, we're nimble and we remain focused on our priorities to build our brands, execute with excellence and provide shareholder value. In 2013, we continued to deliver successfully against our priorities in a difficult environment that included ongoing economic pressures on consumers as well as challenges to carbonated soft drinks (CSDs). Despite the headwinds facing our industry, we gained volume share and held dollar share in the CSD category across measured channels. Our juices and teas continued to attract consumers as we grew Mott's and Snapple volume 3 and 2 percent, respectively. In the grocery channel, we increased Mott's all-commodity volume (ACV) by 3.1 percentage points and Snapple ACV by 3.0 percentage points in measured channels in 2013, putting these products closer at hand for shoppers. Our targeted investments behind our products coupled with efforts to increase the distribution and availability of our key brands and packages has led to positive results across multiple channels. In 2013, we gained additional shelf space for CSDs in convenience and gas, thereby increasing ACV by 0.3 percentage points in measured channels. Capitalizing on the success of our TEN rollout, we grew CSD volume in the drugstore channel by 8.4 percent, outpacing the category by more than 2 percentage points. We also continued to build on our consistent track record of creating value for our shareholders. Our core earnings of $3.20 per diluted share is an increase of 10 percent compared to 2012. Additionally, in 2013, we returned $702 million to shareholders, including $400 million in share repurchases and $302 million in dividends. In 2014, we also announced a 7.9 percent increase to our dividend, our sixth increase since going public in 2008, and our annual payout is now $1.64 per share. Additional highlights from 2013 include:

...............

......................................................................................................... ............... ............... 2

...............

2013 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
2013 2013 FINANCIAL SNAPSHOT SNAPSHOT FINANCIAL
2012 | $5,995 NET | $5,997 S A L E S 2013

( I n Millions, M i l l i o n s , Except Except E a r n i n gPer s Pe r Share) (In Earnings Share)

PRIMARY SOURCES AND USES OF CASH SOURCES PRIMARY
(Five-Year Cumulative Total 2009-2013)

& USES OF CASH

flat

(Five-Year Cumulative Total 2009-2013)

$5.6 Billion
S E G M E N T 2012 | $1,364 OPERATING | $1,364 P R O F I T 2013

$5.7 Billion
Share Repurchases

flat

Pepsi/Coke Licensing Agreements

$1,614 $2,435

C O R E 2012 | $2.92 EARNINGS 2013 | $3.20 PER SHARE*

+10%
Operations

$1,031 $3,917 $1,163 $1,063 $1,163
* SOURCES USES

Dividends Net Repayment of Credit Facility and Notes Net Capital Spending

*2013 core earnings permark-to-market share (EPS) excludes separation-related commodity-related losses, separationcharges, adjustment to a previously discloseddisclosed legal provision, related an charges, an adjustment to a previously legal *Other, Net: $95 restructuring charges and a non-cash charge related our provision, restructuring charges and a non-cash charge to related to our intention to withdraw the Local 710 multi-employer withdrawal from the Local 710from multiemployer pension plan, which pension plan, which reported EPS by EPS 15 cents per decreased EPS by 15 decreased cents per share. 2012 core excludes share. 2012 core EPS excludes unrealized commodity-related unrealized commodity-related mark-to-market gains and a depremark-to-market and a leases depreciation adjustment on capital ciation adjustmentgains on capital and certain tax-related items, leases and certain separation-related tax-related items, which which decreased EPS by 4 cents per share.

*2013 core earnings per share (EPS) excludes unrealized

.........................................................................................................

increased reported EPS by 4 cents per share.

RETURNING CASH TO TO SHAREHOLDERS OVER TIME SHAREHOLDERS OVER TIME (In Millions)
(In Millions)
Dividends Paid

RETURNING CASH

$1,307*

Share Repurchases

ANNUALIZED TOTAL SHAREHOLDER RETURN
(2009-2013)
$702**
$400

$773**
$1,113 $522

$684**
$400

$194
`10

$251
`11

$284
`12

$302
`13

DPS S&P 500 PEER GROUP INDEX

15% 11%

28%

*One-time payments of more than$1.6 $1.6 billion from TheThe Coca-Cola Co. and *One-time payments of more than billion from Coca-Cola Co. and PepsiCo, in 2010 helped fund additional share repurchases. PepsiCo. Inc. in 2010Inc. helped fund additional share repurchases. **DPS made tax payments of $54 million in 2011 and $531 million in 2012 related **DPS made tax payments of $54 million in 2011 and $531 million in 2012 to the PepsiCo, Inc. and The Coca-Cola Co. licensing agreements. related to the PepsiCo. Inc. and The Coca-Cola Co. licensing agreements.

Compound annual growth rate includes changes in stock price since Dec. 31, 2008, and reinvestment of dividends. The Peer Group Index comprises: The Coca-Cola Co., PepsiCo. Inc., Monster Beverage Corp., The Cott Corp. and National Beverage Corp.

3

BUILDING OUR BRANDS
There's no doubt that consumers love our flavors, and our brand strength scores reflect just that. Our flagship brand, Dr Pepper, continues to score well among consumers for its likeability, uniqueness and value, performing well in brand relevance, brand strength and brand equity among CSD consumers in 2013. Clearly our brands are strong individually, and it's the strength of our entire portfolio that allows us to provide consumers with the flavor variety they crave in the packaging options they want and with the range of calorie options that fits their lifestyles. We're pleased with last year's launch of the 10-calorie versions of our Core 4 flavors ­ 7UP TEN, A&W TEN, Sunkist TEN soda and Canada Dry TEN ­ which helped Core 4 volume outperform the CSD category by 3 percentage points in 2013. With 52 percent of Core 4 and RC TEN volume incremental to the CSD category, the TEN lineup is successfully bringing back lapsed consumers who had previously stopped drinking soft drinks or were drinking fewer servings.

CORE 4 AND RC TEN ARE DRIVING CATEGORY GROWTH

Consumers Switching from Still Water Consumers Switching from Non-CSDs* Consumers Drinking more CSDs

13% 33% 6%

52 percent of volume for Core 4 and RC TEN was incremental to the CSD category in 2013.
*The non-CSD category excludes still water in the chart above.

Creating excitement from the first sip, our TEN products have consumers returning for more. In 2013, repeat purchases of these innovative products were more than three times higher than trial rates, proving that trial drives repeat purchases. In 2014, we will continue to drive trial and promote the TEN products as a group, as demonstrated in January by the AntiResolution series of videos featuring Chelsea Handler, the host of "Chelsea Lately" on the E! network. Our efforts to continue the expansion of the Canada Dry trademark earned it recognition as the fastest-growing CSD in the category and increased trademark volume more than 6 percent over 2012. Canada Dry Sparkling Seltzer Waters saw positive growth in measured channels ­ up 13 percent ­ and outpaced the unsweetened sparkling water segment. To build upon this success, we're adding a new flavor to the brand's lineup ­ Canada Dry Peach Mango Sparkling Seltzer Water ­ as well as new graphics to emphasize the all-natural aspects of these unsweetened and calorie-free products. We love our brands like a mom loves her kids, so we understand wanting the best for them. That's why we're pleased that we can provide mom with Mott's, the No. 1 branded juice and sauce trademark, and plenty of packaging options to accommodate her family's lifestyle. Building on Mott's trademark volume growth of 3 percent in 2013, the brand is poised to grow again in 2014 as we make three popular applesauce flavors ­ Granny Smith, mixed berry and mango peach ­ available in pouches, and add a new juice line with 40 percent less sugar than fruit juices and no artificial sweeteners.

#1

MOTT'S
is the No. 1 branded juice and sauce

Building our brands isn't limited to new flavors and innovation ­ we're also being more efficient with our marketing spend by investing in platforms where we will see the most positive results, thereby improving our marketing return on investment. For example, we redirected a portion of our Snapple marketing spend toward digital media in 2013, resulting in a significant increase in consumer engagement on Facebook. We continued to expand our reach into new categories in 2013 by leveraging our allied brands, earning more than 37 percent volume growth in Vita Coco and signing new distribution agreements with Bai and Sparkling Fruit20. In 2014, Neuro will add new flavors to its Bliss, Sleep and Sonic functional platforms, and Vita Coco will launch Vita Coco Lemonade to bring new consumers to the coconut water category through a more mainstream flavor. In 2014, we will continue building upon our key base brands, including Dr Pepper, 7UP, Canada Dry and Snapple, through powerful marketing programs focused on increasing relevance with consumers and conversion with our shoppers.

4

DRIVING EXECUTIONAL EXCELLENCE
We're working closely with our partners and retail customers to create and execute programs that drive sales. In 2013, we teamed up with Sam's Club and our bottling partners to offer new and exclusive Dr Pepper packages in more than 40 Sam's Clubs in Texas, increasing Dr Pepper trademark volume nearly 4 percent at this retailer. The dollar channel continues to be one of the fastest-growing channels for liquid refreshment beverages (LRB), and we're leveraging that explosive growth for the benefit of our brands. In 2013, we increased the availability of our flavor lineup across a large dollar retailer, driving a volume increase of more than 14 percent in the account. Likewise, in the drugstore channel, we increased volume for Canada Dry and Schweppes 21 percent and 20 percent, respectively, and grew Snapple volume 21 percent in measured accounts.

CSD

VOLUME

8.4%
IN DRUGSTORE

In 2014, we'll build on these execution successes by using rapid continuous improvement (RCI) to simplify processes and eliminate waste, resulting in more time to focus on shelf optimization, increasing points of interruption and closing distribution and availability gaps.

CREATING SHAREHOLDER VALUE
RCI continues to provide financial flexibility and increase our ability to compete in a tough market. Within RCI, we focus on five key areas ­ safety, quality, delivery, productivity and growth ­ to free up critical resources that we can redirect toward our business priorities. To drive breakthrough change in 2013, we targeted our RCI efforts on seven areas within our direct-store delivery (DSD) business, particularly related to productivity, which could be replicated across our locations. In one of these Lean leadership tracks, we drove efficiencies by aligning our merchandisers with research on customer traffic patterns, and in another, we implemented centralized regional ordering for all of our DSD point-of-sale programs to eliminate waste. We've also improved productivity without sacrificing service to our customers or the safety of our employees, identifying more than $169 million in cash productivity over the last three years, achieving a 99.9 percent fill rate for our warehouse direct clients and reducing our accident frequency rate by 14 percent since 2011. In addition, our 350 Kaizen events have contributed to a reduction in capital spend of 41 percent since 2008. Going forward into 2014, we'll continue to use these capabilities to create flexibility across the business for the long term, which will enable additional financial improvements.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS UPDATE
Since becoming a public company more than five years ago, our board of directors has continued to set high standards for our employees, officers and directors. Going forward, we will miss the contributions of one of our directors, Terry Martin, who retired from the board effective May 16, 2013. We thank Terry for his leadership during his five years of service to DPS.

5

HEALTH AND WELLNESS
It's no secret that the misperceptions about artificial sweeteners and general concerns regarding caloric intake impacted the CSD industry this year. We believe that healthy lifestyles are built on balance ­ balancing the calories we consume with the calories we expend. That's why our portfolio contains great-tasting products with a variety of calorie options and why we support families adopting a fit and active lifestyle. We're taking action by focusing more than half of the projects in our innovation pipeline on reducing calories, offering smaller sizes and improving nutrition. We've made the number of calories in each of our products prominent on packaging, and consumers can find additional nutrition and ingredient information at www.dpsgproductfacts.com. On the other side of the equation, we built or improved 2,000 playgrounds benefiting an estimated 5 million children through our first Let's Play initiative, in which we partnered with the national non-profit KaBOOM!. We're continuing to provide kids and families with the tools, places and inspiration to make physical activity a daily priority through a new $10 million commitment to KaBOOM! over the next three years. Additionally, in 2014, we will expand our work to older children in partnership with Good Sports, which provides athletic equipment, footwear and apparel to youth nationwide.

LOOKING FORWARD
2013 is in the books; 2014 is already underway and we couldn't be more excited for what's to come. Dr Pepper is kicking off its second iteration of the "1/1" campaign by celebrating one-of-a-kind individuals, including Grammy-award-winning hip hop superstars Macklemore and Ryan Lewis, YouTube sensation Michelle Phan and recording artist Romeo Santos. 7UP is encouraging fans to make every bottle count by redeeming the code on specially marked 20-oz. bottles for a donation to one of seven areas of need, made possible through the brand's partnership with Project 7. These are just two examples of our impressive lineup of activity scheduled for 2014 to ensure we continue to build brand awareness with our consumers and generate excitement for our bottling and retail partners. We have talented people in our organization and we want them to grow. Our mentorship program develops relationships among employees to help us build the best team in the beverage business. Our developing leader and emerging leader programs are designed to build leaders by enabling candidates to experience different aspects of the business and drive breakthrough change with RCI. In addition, we continue to create content for our online training tool, DPS Campus, to deliver sales-focused training to our teams. RCI has become a part of our mindset at DPS, inspiring employees to look for ways to drive efficiencies and improve processes in every area of the business. We saw success with the implementation of goal deployment last year, and we will continue it in 2014 to drive consistent objectives from the top down to ensure that employees in every area of the business are aligned and focused on key initiatives. We are also training our leaders to become the stewards of RCI so that they can better share and implement their learnings and experience within their teams. Backed by the strength of our flavors and fans, we're confident we have the brands, people and strategy in place to deliver value for our consumers, customers and shareholders in 2014 and beyond. Sincerely,

Wayne R. Sanders, Chairman of the Board Feb. 19, 2014

Larry D. Young, President & Chief Executive Officer

