 
    We welcome this opportunity to review fiscal 2006 and to share with you our direction for 2007 and beyond. In 2006, we successfully completed a major leadership transition while delivering excellent results and reinforcing our strong culture.
 Darden’s culture is grounded in a deeply held and motivating core purpose, solid core values and a passion to achieve lasting excellence that rewards all shareholders. Our culture is the foundation for everything else we are working to achieve, which makes our success in strengthening it the single most important highlight of the year.
With a strong culture as our foundation, we had very good business results in 2006 at Olive Garden, where we sustained same-restaurant sales and profit growth while preparing for accelerated new restaurant growth in 2007; Red Lobster, where we had a number
of successes that put us back on a strong performance track sooner than expected; and Bahama Breeze, where we regained sales momentum by broadening our appeal. And, although our sales at Smokey Bones were disap- pointing, we identified our key issues and developed a plan to address them. For Darden as a whole, it all added up to a second consecutive year of over 20 percent growth in net diluted earnings per share.
Strengthening our culture was also a key to the progress we made on our longer-term strategy – which is to create a consistently profitable multi-brand casual dining growth company. To do that, we have to work
together better across Darden on critical growth drivers, including our core leadership development, brand management and restaurant operations and support processes and systems. In 2006, we had greater team- work across the Company in each of these areas, even as we added a number of new leaders, and some of our existing leaders moved into new positions. Because of our strategic progress and operating momentum, we believe we are on the right path for sustainable long- term success.
Other highlights for the fiscal year include the following:
• Sales increased 8.4 percent to $5.7 billion for fiscal 2006, driven by new restaurant growth at Olive Garden and Smokey Bones and same- restaurant sales growth at Olive Garden, Red Lobster and Bahama Breeze.
• Net earnings for fiscal 2006 were $338.2 million, a 16.4 percent increase from fiscal 2005 net earn- ings of $290.6 million, and earnings per diluted share were $2.16 in fiscal 2006, a 21.3 percent increase from earnings per diluted share of $1.78 in fiscal 2005.
Darden Restaurants 2006 Annual Report

• Olive Garden’s total sales were a record $2.62 billion, up 9.0 percent from fiscal 2005. This reflected record average annual sales per restau- rant of $4.6 million, the addition of 19 net new restaurants and U.S. same-restaurant sales growth of 5.5 percent. Olive Garden also ended the year with their 47th consecutive quarter of same-restaurant sales growth.
• Red Lobster’s total sales were a record $2.58 billion, an increase of 5.9 percent from fiscal 2005. In fiscal 2006, average annual sales per restaurant were $3.8 million, and U.S. same- restaurant sales growth was 4.9 percent.
• Bahama Breeze’s total sales were $166 million, an increase of 1.6 percent from fiscal 2005. Same-restaurant sales increased 1.7 percent in fiscal 2006, average annual sales per restaurant
“We are intent on building
a great company, one that continues to create superior, top quartile S&P 500 shareholder value and that will last for generations.”
Clarence Otis, Jr., Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Andrew H. Madsen, President and Chief Operating Officer
(pictured left to right)
were $5.2 million and Bahama Breeze reached break-even earnings results for the year.
• Smokey Bones’ total sales were $337 million,
a 25.3 percent increase from last year, as it added 22 net new restaurants. Same-restaurant sales declined 3.7 percent, and total sales per restaurant averaged $2.9 million for the year. While these were disappointing financial results, we are confident in our plans to reposition Smokey Bones, and we are moving forward with a strong sense of purpose.
• Seasons 52 continued to post solid results in their operational test while opening two addi- tional restaurants in fiscal 2006, and plans are in place to open two restaurants in the Atlanta market in fiscal 2007. Seasons 52 focuses on offering great tasting, nutritionally balanced

   
  
 meals that are lower in calories than comparable restaurant meals. They also offer a wide selection of premium wines, including many by the glass.
• Because of this year’s outstanding financial results and our strong cash flow and balance sheet, we spent $434 million during fiscal 2006 to repurchase 11.9 million shares of our common stock. Since beginning our share repurchase program in 1995, we have repurchased more than 132.5 million shares of our common stock for $2.25 billion. Recently, the Board of Directors authorized an additional repurchase authoriza- tion of 25.0 million shares, bringing total open authorizations to 29.9 million shares.
These results are particularly satisfying when you consider the challenging macro-economic environment in which we operated in fiscal 2006. At Darden, we have a proven approach to capture the exciting long- term opportunity in casual dining – an approach that combines great brand management, great people and great operations. Our approach has served us well in the past, and we are confident it will serve us well in any economic environment.
We are intent on building a great company, one that continues to create superior, top quartile S&P 500 shareholder value and that will last for generations.
To do so, in the near term we must continue to deliver industry-leading performance at Olive Garden and
Red Lobster, strengthen Bahama Breeze’s business model and change the brand positioning of Smokey Bones so that it appeals to consumers for a broader range of dining occasions. Achieving each of these objectives will require brand management excellence,
restaurant operating excellence and outstanding operating support across our Company.
This annual report provides further highlights about our priorities for fiscal 2007, our long-term goals, our financial resources and a final element that’s critical to our near and long-term success – what we are doing
to ensure we’re a valued partner to the communities in which we operate.
With two established and trusted brands in Red Lobster and Olive Garden that – managed effectively – can perform well in any environment; two emerging brands in Bahama Breeze and Smokey Bones that – despite the ups and downs inherent in venture efforts – have great potential; an exciting new concept test underway in Seasons 52; leading market share in our industry; strong cash flows and financial position;
and most importantly, the best people in the industry, we have what it takes to capture the exciting growth opportunity that we and others see in casual dining. To be the best in casual dining now and for generations, we will continue to strengthen our very valuable exist- ing capabilities while we add important new skills.
Thank you for being a shareholder and for your confidence in our ability to make Darden a truly great company.
Clarence Otis, Jr.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Andrew H. Madsen
President and Chief Operating Officer
 Darden Restaurants 2006 Annual Report
     