4
   Clarence Otis, Jr., Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Andrew H. Madsen, President and Chief Operating Officer (pictured left to right)
Shareholders
As fiscal 2007 began, our Company could look back on more than a decade of strong operating and financial success reflected in the competitively superior same- restaurant sales and earnings growth from continuing operations we delivered over that time. This success resulted in a total shareholder return from our 1995 spin-off from General Mills through the beginning of the fiscal year that was well within the top quartile of the S&P 500.
Letter to

 Our current brands are operating more effectively and consistently so we can grow them at rates that better capture their full market opportunities.
We believe Darden’s success is a result of our ability to develop several winning combinations, and we highlight some of these in this report. One of the most important has been the combination of two foundational strengths – a proven approach to managing and evolving casual dining brands, and a strong, motivating culture. Together, these two strengths form our operating platform. During the year, we were able to strengthen that platform and deliver competitively strong financial results from continuing operations despite lower-than- expected sales growth in the casual dining industry.
With our accomplishments, we ended fiscal 2007 in a meaningfully stronger competitive position than we had when the year began. More specifically, we are better positioned to supplement the same-restaurant excellence we’ve historically enjoyed with stronger new restaurant growth going forward, all while maintaining solid profitability. We believe this is a combination that will create long-term shareholder value over the next decade that matches or exceeds what we’ve delivered the past 10-plus years.
Fiscal 2007 Highlights
Strategic Highlights
Speaking of winning combinations, we’ve articulated many times before what underlies our proven approach to the business. It’s the power of combining strength in our four strategic pillar areas – competitively superior leadership, brand management excellence, restaurant operations excellence and restaurant support excellence. We made significant strides in fiscal 2007 to strengthen our capabilities in each of these areas. As a result, we are operating our current brands more effectively and consistently, so we can grow them at rates that better capture their market opportunities, and we’re better prepared than ever to successfully bring on additional brands.
The Company’s strategic progress in 2007 has two dimensions. First, each operating company delivered on brand-specific initiatives to bolster their capabilities in targeted strategic pillar areas. Second, the entire organization successfully tackled a prioritized list of initiatives to strengthen both the operational and cultural aspects of
our operating platform. These initiatives focused on improving and increasing consistency across the Company in the employee experience we provide, the effectiveness of our talent assessment and development, and the level of discipline with which we manage the brand and restau- rant operations functions that are at the core of what we do. The initiatives also included meaningfully enhancing key support functions such as Supply Chain, Information Technology, and Government and Community Affairs.
In fiscal 2007, we also established clearer direction for our emerging businesses. This included making the difficult but appropriate decision to dispose of Smokey Bones because we were not making sufficiently rapid or profitable progress developing it into the nationally advertised brand we intended. And, based on continued strong guest experiences and financial results, we decided to restart growth at Bahama Breeze and to move to the next stage of disciplined expansion at Seasons 52.
To facilitate Bahama Breeze’s renewed growth and the disposition of Smokey Bones, we closed nine low-performing Bahama Breeze restaurants, 54 Smokey Bones restaurants and two Rocky River Grillhouse restaurants that were part of a new direction we developed for the potential conversion of Smokey Bones. The remaining 7 Smokey Bones restaurants continue to operate, and we’re offering them for sale. Results for the nine Bahama Breeze restaurants that we closed and for the Smokey Bones business are reported separately as discontinued operations for financial reporting purposes.
5

6
 Financial Highlights • Financially, our results from continuing operations for fiscal
2007 were competitively superior in what was clearly a chal- lenging industry environment. Financial highlights include
the following:
• Sales from continuing operations increased 4.0 percent
to $5.57 billion for fiscal 2007, driven by new restaurant
growth at Olive Garden and same-restaurant sales growth
• at Olive Garden and Red Lobster.
Net earnings from continuing operations for fiscal 2007 were $77.1 million, a 7.2 percent increase from fiscal 2006 net earnings from continuing operations of $51.8 million. Diluted net earnings per share from continuing operations were $2.5, a 1 percent increase from diluted net earnings
• per share from continuing operations of $2.24 in fiscal 2006. Olive Garden’s total sales were a record $2.79 billion, up 6.6 percent from fiscal 2006. This reflected record average annual sales per restaurant of $4.7 million, the addition of 2 net new restaurants and U.S. same-restaurant sales growth of 2.7 percent. Olive Garden also reported their 51st consecutive quarter of U.S. same-restaurant sales
• increases in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2007.
Red Lobster’s total sales were a record $2.60 billion, an increase of 0.9 percent from fiscal 2006. Average annual sales per restaurant were $.8 million, and U.S. same-
• restaurant sales growth for fiscal 2007 was 0.2 percent. Bahama Breeze’s sales from continuing operations were $18 million in fiscal 2007, which was 0.9 percent above fiscal 2006. Same-restaurant sales at Bahama Breeze increased 0.9 percent in fiscal 2007 and average annual sales per restaurant were $6.0 million. Bahama Breeze’s operating results from continuing operations were strong with unit-level returns approaching those of our larger brands.
Seasons 52’s total sales were nearly $40 million in
fiscal 2007. Two additional restaurants opened in fiscal 2007, bringing the total number in operation to seven.
In March 2007, we announced that Seasons 52 would begin the next phase of its development, which includes continuing to operate its seven existing restaurants with excellence while developing the real estate and talent pipelines for another three or so openings over the next
• two years.
With our strong cash flows and balance sheet, we spent $71 million to repurchase 9.4 million shares of our common stock in fiscal 2007. Since beginning our share repurchase program in 1995, we have repurchased more than 141.9 million shares of our common stock for $2.62 billion.
We are focused on accelerating profitable sales growth to further leverage the competitively superior and increasingly strong operating platform we’ve built.

 Fiscal 2008 Outlook
For Darden, fiscal 2008 will be a year of continuity, with the two strategic imperatives for the year the same as those of the last several years. We are focused on accelerating profitable sales growth to further leverage the competitively superior and increasingly strong operating platform we’ve built and to ensure that we fully capture the tremendous long-term opportunity casual dining offers. And, to achieve and sustain this elevated level of profitable sales growth, we’re commit- ted to enriching the Darden culture to make the Company an even more attractive place to be.
To help accomplish these objectives, we’ll continue to pursue enterprise-wide initiatives that strengthen our operating platform by leveraging and reinforcing the importance of cross-enterprise teamwork. And, we will continue to enhance the Darden employee experience, with a particular focus on strengthening the professional growth and development we offer the people at Darden.
In addition to these enterprise-level initiatives, each operating company has its own brand-specific focus that can be summarized as follows:
• Olive Garden – Accelerate new restaurant growth while • maintaining same-restaurant sales excellence and growth.
Red Lobster – Broaden appeal of the brand to accelerate
same-restaurant guest count growth and prepare for • future new restaurant growth.
Bahama Breeze – Maintain same-restaurant sales
excellence and growth while preparing for renewed • new restaurant growth.
Seasons 52 – Enter the next phase of development focusing on disciplined expansion, while putting in place an effective and cost-appropriate support structure.
Conclusion
While we’re fortunate to have a proven approach to the business and a strong culture that together form a strong operating platform, we’re even more fortunate that everyone at Darden wants to create a great company – one that is the best in casual dining now and for generations. We recognize that, to do so, we must look for ways to enhance both aspects of our operating platform. As a result, despite the success we’ve enjoyed, we continue to be appropriately self-critical.
Guided by our willingness to embrace change in order to become the best, we’re confident we’re working on the right things at the enterprise level and within all of our brands – things that drive current period success while better positioning us to capture the attractive long-term opportunity our industry offers.
Thank you for being a shareholder and placing your trust in our ability to build a great company that will perform strongly for generations.
Clarence Otis, Jr.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Andrew H. Madsen
President and Chief Operating Officer
  7
