Great Food and Beverage 10 Produce Great Results in 2002
  To Our Shareholders, Employees and Guests
FISCAL 2002 WAS AN EXTRAORDINARY YEAR. WHILE WE AND OTHERS ANTICIPATED SEVERAL OF THE YEAR’S IMPORTANT DEVELOPMENTS, INCLUDING THE ECONOMIC SOFTNESS THAT EXISTED FOR MOST OF THE YEAR, MUCH OF WHAT TOOK PLACE WAS TRULY UNIMAGINABLE. CERTAINLY, THE SEPTEMBER 11 TERRORIST ATTACKS AND ALL THAT THEY TRIGGERED FALL INTO THAT CATEGORY. AND, GIVEN THEIR SCALE AND SCOPE, SO DO THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND FINANCIAL REPORTING LAPSES THAT HAVE OCCURRED AT OTHER COMPANIES.
Through it all, Darden performed exceptionally well. We were fully prepared for the economic slowdown, successfully navigating through it with even greater focus on operating excellence in our restaurants and on developing and delivering very effective marketing programs. We also responded quickly and appropriately to the unanticipated. In the aftermath of September 11, our people were great sources of support to our guests, to our communities and to each other, helping the nation heal during a period of incredible uncertainty. And we took the questioning of corporate practices as an opportunity to thoroughly review our governance framework and financial reporting policies, which reaffirmed our confidence that Darden’s business is managed responsibly, with the highest ethical standards.
While responding to both expected and unexpected developments, Darden was able to produce another year of record financial results, fueled by strong performance at each of our operating companies.
• Revenues increased 9% to $4.37 billion because of continued same-restaurant sales growth at Red Lobster and Olive Garden and accelerated new restaurant growth on a total Company basis.
• Excluding unusual non-operating gains, fiscal 2002 earnings after tax increased 20% to $236.2 million, our highest level ever.
• Earnings per share on a diluted basis rose 22% to $1.29, excluding unusual non-operating gains. This compares to 16% compound annual growth in diluted EPS since we became a public company at the end of fiscal 1995 and meets our targeted annual long-term EPS growth range of 15% to 20%.
• Red Lobster’s total sales were a record $2.34 billion, a 7.1% increase from the prior year, and average sales per restaurant reached a record $3.5 million. Red Lobster’s same-restaurant sales growth for the year was 6.2%, with over half of it coming from guest count increases. Red Lobster ended the year with 18 consecutive quarters of comparable restaurant sales growth.
• Olive Garden grew even faster and achieved new sales records, with total sales increasing 9.5% to $1.86 billion and average sales per restaurant climbing to $3.9 million. Olive Garden’s same-restaurant sales grew 6.3% and over half of the gain was the result of guest count growth. Olive Garden ended the year with 31 consecutive quarters of same-restaurant sales growth.
• Bahama Breeze’s award-winning culinary and beverage offerings and outstanding service continued to provide a solid platform for expansion. Bahama Breeze opened eight new restaurants, ending the year with 29 restaurants operating in 20 different markets. While we experienced softened sales in some markets, which we attribute to reduced air travel from the combined effects of the recession and terrorism-related safety concerns, Bahama Breeze continued to generate annualized sales per restaurant in excess of $5 million – among the highest in casual dining.
Joe R. Lee
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

 Our Core Purpose: “To nourish and delight everyone we serve.”
• Smokey Bones BBQ Sports Bar more than doubled in size, open- ing 10 new restaurants to end the year with 19 in operation. Smokey Bones’ combination of terrific smoked and barbecued foods in a relaxed sports bar atmosphere remains broadly appeal- ing, and expansion will ramp up in 2003.
• With our strong cash flow and balance sheet, share repurchase remained meaningful. We purchased 9 million shares of our common stock in fiscal 2002, even as we invested in growth.
With yet another year of excellent operating and financial performance, we remain excited about what is possible here at Darden. We believe we are creating a great company, one that will be widely recognized as the best in casual dining. All the elements are in place. These include:
• A vibrant industry.
• Darden’s strong restaurant companies. • An effective strategic framework.
• Financial strength and stability.
• Enduring values.
• And, most importantly, terrific people.
A VIBRANT INDUSTRY
Our industry, casual dining, is large and growing. With compound annual growth of nearly 7% since 1990, total sales reached $56 billion in calendar 2001. And we believe casual dining sales will continue to grow between 6% and 8% a year over the next 10 years because of strong growth in the number of people entering their 50s and 60s, the peak years of casual dining usage, as well as con- tinued increases in the number of working women, per capita incomes and payroll employment levels. All of these developments support lifestyle changes we’ve witnessed for some time now, which place a premium on the time-saving and social connection benefits of dining out. The power of these factors was clearly demonstrated in 2002 when, despite the recession and other factors that put downward pressure on consumer confidence, casual dining sales grew 5.5% for the calendar year.
DARDEN‘S STRONG RESTAURANT COMPANIES
As we continue to capitalize on the casual dining growth oppor- tunity, Darden has two trusted restaurant companies with well- established consumer appeal, two exciting emerging restaurant companies and a proven ability to create winning new concepts. Our two established companies are market leaders in important segments of the casual dining industry. Red Lobster has a 49% share of casual dining seafood, a segment that accounts for 7.8% of total casual dining industry sales. The casual dining Italian segment is 10.3% of the total casual dining industry, and Olive Garden’s sales represent 30% of this significant category. Reinforcing our dominance, we know from internally and externally generated consumer research that both Red Lobster and Olive Garden are performing better and better – after nearly 35 years in operation at Red Lobster and nearly 20 years at Olive Garden.
$4.37
  $3.68 $3.43
$3.26
$3.99
   ’98 ’99 ’00 ’01 ’02
We also continue to expand our emerging companies, and their ultimate business potential is meaningful. We believe Bahama Breeze can reach at least $500 million in total sales in the first phase of our national expansion, and Smokey Bones is capable of becoming at least a $1.5 billion business. These two businesses also reflect our proven ability to create winning new concepts that are responsive to lasting consumer demand. The New Business team that developed Olive Garden, Bahama Breeze and Smokey Bones continues to work on new opportunities with powerful market potential.
Darden’s success at effectively evolving our current businesses and creating winning new concepts is the result of a number of strengths. Two are especially important – our advanced brand management capabilities and our highly developed operating infrastructure. As brand managers, we understand the importance of constant dialogue with our guests and with casual dining consumers generally, gaining a sense of how they view the competitive landscape, their likes and dislikes and what we can do that’s appealingly different. We use these insights to develop stronger menu offerings and service models and to craft advertising and promotional strategies that drive guest traffic and build loyalty.
We can do this because we have the operating infrastructure to deliver on the promises made. Our information technology and other systems enable us to recruit and train people who can meet high standards, to purchase and deliver high-quality ingredients to our restaurants and to maintain good financial controls in every restaurant, all on the enormous scale at which we operate – delivering millions of meals a week across North America.
AN EFFECTIVE STRATEGIC FRAMEWORK
With all of Darden’s strengths, everyone in the organization recognizes that to be a great company – to be the best – we must operate our existing businesses at levels of excellence well beyond where we are today, even as we continue to expand the Company. In short, we must continue to strive for brilliance with the basics in everything we do. We believe we have a strategic framework that provides us with excellent guidance.
TOTAL SALES
(dollars in billions)
  Great Food and Beverage 11 Produce Great Results in 2002

  Great Food and Beverage 12 Produce Great Results in 2002
 Letter to Shareholders continued
That strategic framework is well understood throughout the Company and it’s the reason for the strong progression of per- formance improvement we’ve had to this point. Three strategic imperatives – leadership development, culinary and beverage excellence, and service and hospitality excellence – are at the core of our framework. In addition, diversity and technology literacy are the key enablers of our strategic success, reflecting our ongoing belief that a well-developed organization-wide commitment to these areas will facilitate meaningful advancements in each area of strategic importance.
Leadership development is the lynchpin of our strategic efforts, and we’ve made tremendous progress in this area. Much of what’s been done recently involves expanding upon and enhancing initia- tives started in prior years, like our enterprise-wide talent assess- ment and development and succession planning process. We also continue to develop new initiatives each year, and a great example is the diversity learning experience provided to nearly all director- level leaders in fiscal 2002. This program was modeled on the intensive diversity learning experience completed by each officer during the prior two years to nurture the development of diversity literacy. And it reinforces the officers’ experience, since each plays an important role in the learning experiences of our directors.
FINANCIAL STRENGTH AND STABILITY
We continue our journey to be the best with one very powerful asset – we have the financial resources to fund our growth strategy, in good times and bad. Our excellent cash flows and solid balance sheet are reflected in the Company’s investment-grade credit ratings. These provide us with flexible access to capital at a relatively attractive cost. We intend to preserve this financial strength by maintaining a balanced capital structure that has a prudent mix of debt and equity, and by paying close attention to other key credit ratios.
ENDURING VALUES
While we benefit from competing in an industry that has strong long-term prospects and we have a terrific group of restaurant companies, a great strategy and excellent financial strength, we know we cannot be successful without a clear sense of who we are. We understand and appreciate Darden’s core values, values that have been forged over the 64-year heritage started by our founder, Bill Darden. As we continue the journey toward becoming the best casual dining company, we will look to these values for guidance and know they will be especially critical when we’re faced with unexpected opportunities or challenges.
As an organization, we value:
• Integrity and fairness. It all starts with integrity. We trust in the integrity and fairness of each other to always do the right thing, to be open, honest and forthright with ourselves and others, to demonstrate courage, to solve without blame and to follow through on all our commitments.
• Respect and caring. We reach out with respect and caring. We have a genuine interest in the well being of others. We know the importance of listening, the power of understanding and the immeasurable value of support.
$1.29
’98 ’99 ’00 ’01 ’02
 $1.06 $0.87
$0.64 $0.45
    • Diversity. Even though we have a common vision, we embrace and celebrate our individual differences. We are strengthened by a diversity of cultures, perspectives, attitudes and ideas. We honor each other’s heritage and uniqueness. Our power of diversity makes a world of difference.
• Always learning – always teaching. We learn from others as they learn from us. We learn. We teach. We grow.
• Being “of service.” Being of service is our pleasure. We treat people as special and appreciated by giving of ourselves, doing more than expected, anticipating needs and making a difference.
• Teamwork. Teamwork works. By trusting one another, we bring together the best in all of us and go beyond the boundaries of ordinary success.
• Excellence. We have a passion to set and pursue, with innovation, courage and humility, ever-higher standards.
These values communicate the behaviors and attitudes we cherish as we strive to deliver on Darden’s Core Purpose, which is: “To nourish and delight everyone we serve.” That is what motivates us to be the best.
TERRIFIC PEOPLE
“The greatest competitive edge our company has is the quality of our employees, evidenced by the excellent job they do every day.” Bill Darden, the founder of Darden Restaurants, recognized that decades ago and it remains just as true today. I want to thank our more than 133,000 employees for accepting the challenges we’ve put before them. Everyone is fully committed to becoming the best casual dining company now and for generations, and we intend to get there by living our values each and every day and nourishing and delighting everyone we serve.
Joe R. Lee
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
NET EARNINGS
PER DILUTED SHARE
(before unusual non-operating items)
 