    2
To Our Shareholders, Employees, and Guests:
Fiscal 2001 was Darden’s best year ever. Building on our record financial results in the prior year, this year’s outstanding performance reflects wide-ranging and fundamental improvements in our businesses. It also reinforces our belief that we have the right strategies to achieve our ultimate goal – being the best company in casual dining, now and for generations.
• Revenues increased 9% to $4 billion. We combined continued same-restau- rant sales growth with new restaurant growth at Red Lobster and Olive Garden, continued rollout of Bahama Breeze, and significantly accelerated our test of Smokey Bones BBQ Sports Bar.
• Earnings after tax increased 14%, excluding an unusual non-operating gain in the prior year, to $197 million, our highest level ever.
• Earnings per share on a diluted basis rose 21% before the prior year’s unusual non-operating gain, to $1.59. This is above the 15% – 20% annual long-term EPS growth range we’ve targeted and was achieved despite the softness in the U.S. econ- omy for much of the second half of the year.
• Red Lobster’s annual sales were a record $2.20 billion and its average sales per restaurant reached a record $3.4 million. Same-restaurant sales increased 5.9% for the year, and Red Lobster ended the year with 14 consecutive quarters of same-restaurant sales growth.
• Olive Garden also delivered new sales records. Total annual sales were $1.71 bil- lion, and average sales per restaurant climbed to $3.6 million. Same-restaurant sales grew 7.2%, matching its 7.2% increase for the prior year. With gains in each quarter of the year, Olive Garden has now posted 27 consecutive quarters of same-restaurant sales growth.
• Bahama Breeze continued to provide guests award-winning culinary and bever- age offerings with exceptional levels of service and hospitality. It opened an additional seven restaurants, and there are now 21 Bahama Breeze restaurants in 16 markets.
• Smokey Bones BBQ Sports Bar accelerated its test, opening seven new restaurants to bring the total number in operation to nine. The combination of great tasting bar- becue in a relaxed sports bar atmosphere is proving to be broadly appealing. Each of the restaurants opened strongly and sustained high sales levels. We are now poised to begin expansion in fiscal 2002.
• Our strong cash flow and balance sheet enabled us to purchase 8.4 million shares of common stock in fiscal 2001.
• We continued to move forward in our efforts to make our Company more diverse. Red Lobster, for example, was recognized as a top company for management diversity by People Report, a human resources firm that tracks casual dining restaurant workforce data. And for the third year in a row, Darden was named to Fortune maga- zine’s list of the top 50 companies for minorities.
  DARDEN RESTAURANTS
LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
 Joe R. Lee
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 
     DARDEN RESTAURANTS LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
• As always, we were actively involved in the communities in which we do business, contributing more than $8 million to social service, environmental, educational and cultural efforts through corporate and restaurant donations, the Darden Restaurants Foundation, and the Darden Environmental Trust. Our employees also devoted hundreds of thousands of volunteer hours to community-based organizations and civic projects all over North America.
With the excellent operating and financial performance we’ve enjoyed, there’s new excitement at Darden about the kind of future we can create. We’re excited because the casual dining industry is poised for tremendous growth and because Darden is strongly posi- tioned to become the best in casual dining, now and for generations.
We Have Reason to Be Excited
Casual dining is already a $47 billion industry, and its long-term prospects are excellent. I have written before about the powerful fac- tors we believe will drive casual dining sales growth of six to eight percent a year over the next ten years. These growth drivers remain firmly in place and include (1) the significant increase in the coming decade in the number of people between 45 and 65, the peak years of casual dining usage; (2) the continued steady growth projected in the percentage of women in the workforce; and (3) the durability of lifestyle changes that place a premium on the timesaving and social connection benefits of dining out.
Darden is well prepared to capitalize on this growth opportunity because of the commitment we made four years ago to being “bril- liant with the basics.” The food and service in our restaurants are better. The quality of the support provided to our restaurants is bet- ter. Marketing, communications, finance, purchasing, technology, human resources – we’re clearly better in virtually everything we do.
While we’re proud of how much better the organization has become, our goal is to be the best in casual dining, now and for generations. With the platform of tremendous strength we now have, we are shifting our focus from a phase of “getting better” to one of “becoming the best” in a great and growing industry. That’s what excites us.
From “Getting Better” to “Becoming the Best”
Our Strategy
For the journey from “getting better” to “becoming the best,” Darden’s strategy remains the same. We intend to:
• Keep Red Lobster and Olive Garden fresh and vibrant, enabling these well-established businesses to provide sustained same-restaurant sales growth and engage in steady new restau- rant expansion.
• Expand Bahama Breeze and Smokey Bones BBQ Sports Bar significantly, while enhancing the unique characteristics guests find so appealing, to turn these exciting, emerging brands into core Darden businesses.
• Acquire or develop attractive new restaurant concepts that are responsive to enduring consumer demand and help Darden realize its growth objectives.
Our Strategic Building Blocks
The three strategic imperatives at the core of Darden’s strategy also remain unchanged. Supported by our enduring values of trust, respect, integrity, and a commitment to diversity, we intend to create an organization that is continuously focused on:
• Leadership development as a competitive advantage. • Service and hospitality excellence.
• Culinary and beverage excellence.
While we’ve accomplished a great deal during the past several
years to strengthen each of these strategic building blocks, becom- ingthebestrequiresthatweaccelerateourprogress.Toachievethe increased strategic momentum the Company needs, we must 3 embrace fundamental change.
We must be more rigorous in identifying the critical things we do today and find ways to do them better. We must focus on identifying completely new things that must be done and ensure we do them with urgency. And, we must be more committed than ever to turning away from activities and approaches that have served us well in the past but may not be right for our future.
  
     DARDEN RESTAURANTS LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
 4
Fundamental change is our ticket to becoming the best – and we welcome it. We have a talented and experienced management team, the best I’ve had the pleasure of working with during my entire career. This team appreciates how fortunate we are to have the opportunity to create an organization that is the very best at what it does. Each of us is committed to raising the bar on how we think and act to capitalize on that opportunity.
The Essential Building Block: Leadership Development
Leadership development, establishing and achieving the indus- try’s very highest service and hospitality standards, and redefining culinary and beverage excellence in casual dining are the essential buildingblocksinourstrategytobethebest.Tomakethemareal- ity, we must have leaders who inspire in their teams a great passion and enthusiasm for people, restaurants, and dining.
We have dedicated significant resources to building the lead- ership skills we need to continue growing Darden. This includes specifically tailored leadership assessment and development processes for leaders throughout the organization. From the frontline employees and managers in our restaurants, to the exec- utive teams and other officers, our efforts will intensify.
In addition to enhancing each team member’s functional skills, we are deepening their strategic knowledge of service and hospitality, culinary and beverage, and leadership development. We are also reinforcing the long-held values we believe are neces- sary for success – trust, respect, integrity, and a commitment to mastering dynamic areas of opportunity. Two special areas of opportunity that will continue to be focal points are diversity and technology. No one can be a truly effective leader in today’s environ- ment, or in the world we’ll face tomorrow, without extraordinary commitment to these areas.
As we build our understanding of and commitment to diversity, we’ll be able to better understand ourselves and our own leadership motivations, strengths, and opportunities. We’ll be better able to select, develop, and lead our teams. We’ll be able to speak to guests more effectively in our marketing. And, we’ll be better able to deliver on the needs of individual guests in our restaurants across a wide range of groups – whether defined by racial, ethnic, gender, age, regional, cultural, or other differences.
TechnologyLeadership
It is also clear that technology offers tremendous opportunities to directly benefit the guest, employee, and supplier experiences we provide. Our leadership development objectives in this area are straightforward. We want leaders who have a sufficient under- standing of technology to cut through the clutter and recognize the right new applications to pursue. We also want leaders who know how to use any new capabilities to our maximum advantage, so we fully leverage the significant investments being made.
Summary
“The greatest competitive edge our Company has is the quality of our employees, evidenced by the excellent job they do every day.” Bill Darden, the founder of Darden Restaurants, recognized that decades ago, and it remains just as true today. I want to thank our more than 128,000 employees for accepting the challenge of being brilliant with the basics. I also want to thank them for accepting the new challenge of shifting from “getting better” to “becoming the best.” I am fully confident we can be the best, now and for genera- tions. Darden’s operating success in fiscal 2001 is a testament to what we can do together when we make the commitment.
Sincerely,
Joe R. Lee
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Darden Restaurants
Diversity Leadership
 The business-building benefits of a deep and intuitive understand- ing of diversity are clear and compelling. We aim to create an envi- ronment that welcomes diversity, understands its implications, and translates that understanding into appropriate systematic practices at every level of the organization.
 