 Management’s Discussion
24
of Results of Operations and Financial Condition
In 1999, the Company declared eight cents per share in annual dividends paid in two installments. In December 1998, the Company’s Board approved an additional authorization for the ongoing stock buy-back plan whereby the Company may purchase on the open market up to 13.8 million additional shares of Darden common stock. This buy-back authorization is in addition to three previously approved authorizations by the Board in December 1997, September 1996 and December 1995 covering open market purchases of up to 15.0 million,
9.3 million and 6.5 million shares, respectively, of Darden common stock. As of May 30, 1999, 32.6 million shares were purchased under these programs.
The Company typically carries current liabilities in excess of current assets, because the restaurant business receives substantially immediate payment for sales (nominal receivables), while inventories and other current liabilities normally carry longer payment terms (usually 15 to 30 days). The seasonal variation in net working capital is typically in the $10 million to $50 million range.
The Company requires capital principally for building new restaurants, replacing equipment and remodeling existing units. Capital expenditures were $124 million in 1999, compared to $112 million in 1998, and $160 million in 1997 because of decisions to temporarily slow the growth in new Olive Garden and Red Lobster units. The 1999, 1998 and 1997 capital expenditures and dividend require- ments were financed primarily through internally generated funds. The Company generated $348 million, $236 million and $189 million in funds from operating activities during 1999, 1998 and 1997, respectively.
IMPACT OF YEAR 2000
Background
State of Readiness
The Company began a concerted effort and established a dedicated project team to address its Year 2000 issues in fiscal year 1997. In fiscal year 1998, the Company formalized a task force (the Year 2000 Project Office)
to coordinate the Company’s response to Year 2000 issues. The Year 2000 Project Office reports to the Chief Executive Officer, his executive team and the Audit Committee of the Company’s Board of Directors.
Under the auspices of the Year 2000 Project Office, the Company believes that it has identified all significant IT systems and non-IT systems that require modification in connection with Year 2000 issues. Internal and external resources were used to make the required modifications and test Year 2000 readiness. The required modifications and testing of all significant systems have been completed.
In addition, through its Year 2000 Project Office, the Company has communicated with suppliers, banks, vendors and others with whom it does significant business (collectively, its business partners) to determine their Year 2000 readiness and the extent to which the Company is vulnerable to any other organization’s Year 2000 issues. Based on these communications and related responses, the Company is monitoring the Year 2000 preparations and state of readiness of its business partners. Although the Company is not aware of any significant Year 2000 problems with its business partners, there can be no guarantee that the systems
of other organizations on which the Company’s systems rely will be converted in a timely manner, or that a failure to convert by another organization, or a conversion that is incompatible with the Company’s systems, would not have a material adverse effect on the Company.
Costs
The total costs to the Company of Year 2000 activities have not been and are not anticipated to be material to its financial position or results of operations in any given year. As of the end of 1999, the Company had spent approximately $3.2 million on Year 2000 issues. This amount does not include the costs incurred to develop and install new systems resulting from the Company’s seafood inventory accounting system project, which was already contemplated for replacement. The total costs
to the Company of addressing Year 2000 issues are estimated to be less than $5 million. These total costs are based on management’s best estimates, which were derived utilizing numerous assumptions of future events, including the continued availability of certain resources, third-party modification plans and other factors. However, there can be no guarantee that these estimates will
be achieved, and actual results could differ from
those estimates.
In the past, many computers, software programs other information technology (IT systems), as well as other equipment relying on microprocessors or similar circuitry (non-IT systems), were written or designed using two digits, rather than four, to define the applicable year. As a result, date-sensitive systems (both IT systems and non-IT systems) might recognize a date identified with “00” as the year 1900 rather than the year 2000. This is generally described as the Year 2000 issue. If this situation occurs, the potential exists for system failures or miscalculations, which could negatively impact business operations.
The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) has asked public companies to disclose four general types of information related to Year 2000 preparedness: the company’s state of readiness, costs (historical and prospective), risks and contingency plans. Accordingly, the Company has included the following discussion in this report, in addition to the Year 2000 disclosures previously filed with the SEC.
 
 Risks
The Company utilizes IT systems and non-IT systems in many aspects of its business. Year 2000 problems in some of the Company’s systems could possibly disrupt operations at some restaurants, but the Company does not expect that any such disruption would have a material adverse impact on the Company’s operating results.
The Company is also exposed to the risk that one or more of its suppliers or vendors could experience Year 2000 problems that could impact the ability of such suppliers or vendors to provide goods and services. Although this risk is lessened by the availability of alternative suppliers, the disruption of certain services, such as utilities, could, depending upon the extent of the disruption, potentially have a material adverse impact on the Company’s operations.
Contingency Plans
The Year 2000 Project Office is in the final stages of developing contingency plans for the Company’s significant IT systems and non-IT systems requiring Year 2000 modification. In addition, the Company has developed contingency plans to deal with the possibility that some suppliers or vendors might fail to provide goods and services on a timely basis as a result of Year 2000 problems. These contingency plans include the identification, acquisition and/or preparation of backup systems, suppliers and vendors.
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
Certain information included in this report and other materials filed or to be filed by the Company with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (as well as information included in oral statements or written statements made or to be made by the Company) may contain statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Such statements include information relating to current expansion plans, business development activities and Year 2000 compliance. Such forward-looking information is based on assumptions concerning important risks and uncer- tainties that could significantly affect anticipated results in the future and, accordingly, such results may differ from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of the Company. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those relating to real estate development and construction activities, the issuance and renewal of licenses and permits for restaurant development and operation, economic conditions, changes in federal or state laws or the administration of such laws, and the Year 2000 readiness of suppliers, banks, vendors and others having a direct or indirect business relationship with
the Company.
of Management Responsibilities
Management’s Discussion
of Results of Operations and Financial Condition
 Report
The management of Darden Restaurants, Inc. is respon- sible for the fairness and accuracy of the consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial state- ments have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, using management’s best estimates and judgments where appropriate. The financial information throughout this report is consistent with our consolidated financial statements.
Management has established a system of internal controls that provides reasonable assurance that assets are adequately safeguarded and transactions are recorded accurately, in all material respects, in accordance with management’s authorization. We maintain a strong audit program that independently evaluates the adequacy and effectiveness of internal controls. Our internal controls provide for appropriate separation of duties and responsibilities, and there are documented policies regarding utilization of Company assets and proper financial reporting. These formally stated and regularly communicated policies demand highly ethical conduct from all employees.
The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors meets regularly to determine that management, internal auditors and independent auditors are properly discharging their duties regarding internal control and financial reporting. The independent auditors, internal auditors and employ- ees have full and free access to the Audit Committee at any time.
KPMG LLP, independent certified public accountants, are retained to audit the consolidated financial statements. Their report follows.
Joe R. Lee
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
 25
  