Letter To Our Shareholders, Employees and Guests
Great Expectations
    Joe R. Lee
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 To Our Shareholders, Employees and Guests,
In fiscal 2003 we faced many challenges, including a difficult business environment, management transition within our organization and the difficulty of trying to surpass exceptional prior-year results. Though we made progress in several key areas, we were disappointed with our overall results and are focused on regaining our strong, positive momentum.
Our fiscal 2003 results were not consistent with our long-term objective – and track record – of providing industry-leading shareholder value. Still, the Company was able to deliver financial improvement in a number of areas.
• Sales increased 6.6% to $4.65 billion due primarily to continued same-restaurant sales growth at Red Lobster and Olive Garden and accelerated new restaurant growth across the Company.
• Although fiscal 2003 net earnings of $232.3 million were a 2% decrease from prior year, diluted net earnings per share increased to $1.31 in fiscal 2003 compared with $1.30 in fiscal 2002. Since becoming a public company in fiscal 1996, we have delivered 15% compound annual growth in diluted net earnings per share.
• Red Lobster’s total sales were a record $2.43 billion, a 4.1% increase from prior year, and average sales per restaurant reached a record $3.7 million. U.S. same-restaurant sales growth for the year was 2.7%, and Red Lobster ended the year with 22 consecutive quarters of comparable restaurant sales growth. Red Lobster also built 11 new restaurants in fiscal 2003.
• Olive Garden’s total sales were a record $1.99 billion, up 6.8% from prior year, and average sales per restaurant were $3.9 million. U.S. same-restaurant sales growth for the year was 2.2%, and Olive Garden ended the year with 35 consecutive quarters of comparable restaurant sales growth. In addition, Olive Garden built 28 new restaurants in fiscal 2003.
• Bahama Breeze continued to receive acclaim from both guests and restaurant critics for the quality of its dining experience. The company opened five restaurants in fiscal 2003, bringing the total number of restaurants in operation to 34. Sales continued to soften from the prior year’s levels, although Bahama Breeze’s sales remain at the high end of the casual dining industry – averaging over $4 million per restaurant as a dinner-only business.
SALES
in billions
 Overall Company sales increased
6.6% to $4.65 billion.
                  8 DARDEN RESTAURANTS
   
                   ®
• Smokey Bones BBQ more than doubled in size for the third consecutive year, adding 20 new restau- rants to last year’s base of 19. Smokey Bones offers slow-smoked barbecue and a variety of other grilled favorites, served in a lively yet comfortable mountain lodge atmosphere that features sports viewing and other televised entertainment. This unique combination continued to drive sales that averaged more than $3 million per restaurant. Expansion will accelerate in fiscal 2004 as we seek to take advantage of this compelling opportunity.
• During fiscal 2003, Darden opened Seasons 52, a new test restaurant, in Orlando, Florida. Seasons 52 is a casually sophisticated fresh grill and wine bar. It has seasonally inspired menus offering fresh ingredients to create great tasting, nutritionally balanced meals lower in calories than comparable restaurant meals. We are pleased with the restaurant’s early results, but at this stage it remains a test and further research and experimentation continues.
• With our strong cash flow and balance sheet, we continued to aggressively buy back Darden’s common stock. We repurchased 10.7 million shares in fiscal 2003, which represented more than $213 million in share repurchase. Since 1995, we have repurchased more than 98 million shares, or almost $1.3 billion of our common stock.
I believe we are once again on track to provide you, our shareholders, with strong, long-term value. We have a solid company, one that has an excellent blend of proven and emerging brands, as well as a balanced focus on operating excellence and effective brand building. We have a clearly defined core purpose that motivates us every day – to nourish and delight everyone we serve. And, we have a goal that is shared throughout the Company – we want to be the best in casual dining, now and for generations.
We Are in the Right Industry at the Right Time
Our industry, casual dining, is large and continues to grow. In calendar 2002, sales in the casual dining industry increased 4.9%. This was below the industry’s 10-year average growth rate of 8.1%. However, considering the adverse economic environment and other difficulties the industry faced, casual dining sales were resilient in 2002.
Industry experts forecast that over the next decade, annual growth in casual dining sales will average 5 percent to 7 percent. The key positive drivers have not changed; they remain growth in total employment, growth in real disposable income, an increasing number of women in the work- force and the aging of the population.
These growth drivers, combined with changing lifestyles that place a premium on the time- saving and social reconnection benefits of dining out, give us great confidence that we are in the right segment of the restaurant industry at the right time. In addition, the balance between supply and demand in casual dining remains favorable, as it has for the past several years. Growth in consumer demand, as measured by increased guest traffic, continues to outpace growth in the number of casual dining restaurants, and this has benefited the segment as a whole by contributing to a rise in average unit traffic and sales.
TOTAL NUMBER OF RESTAURANTS
12 121 12
121
1 1
1 1
1 129
1 100
99 00 01 02 0
  Smokey Bones more than doubled in size for the third consecu- tive year, adding 20 new restaurants.
          11
1 211
    119
119
 2003 ANNUAL REPORT 9
 
Letter To Our Shareholders, Employees and Guests (continued)
Great Expectations
 We Have a Solid Foundation
Our business is built on a strong foundation, starting with our compelling core purpose: to nourish and delight everyone we serve. Last year, we highlighted Darden’s core values, which have been forged over the 65-year heritage started by our late founder, Bill Darden. We value:
• Integrity and fairness
• Respect and caring
• Diversity
• Always learning / always teaching • Being “of service”
• Teamwork • Excellence
These values serve as a constant reminder of who we are as a company and help guide us in everything we do. In this time of increasing scrutiny of corporate governance and greater regulatory oversight, we believe it’s more important than ever to be a company with strong core values and values-based leadership.
Our Strategic Framework Is Sound and Working
Our strategic framework has been in place for nearly five years and has helped us build a strong track record of success. The framework consists of three strategic imperatives: leadership development, service and hospitality excellence and culinary and beverage excellence. There are also three strategic enablers we believe can help us accelerate progress in each of the strategic imperatives: brand manage- ment excellence, diversity competency and technology-driven process improvement.
Brand management excellence is key to achieving ongoing success in the casual dining indus- try. Strong expertise in this area is the key to better understanding our guests, our brands and our industry, and to developing future operating practices, menu offerings and marketing methodolo- gies and initiatives that will propel our business throughout the next decade.
DILUTED NET EARNINGS PER SHARE 10
12
110 10
09
99 00 01 02 0
 We have a compelling core purpose: to nour- ish
and delight everyone we serve.
         Diversity excellence also continues to be a key area of focus at Darden. In fiscal 2003, we
completed diversity training throughout the Company for all directors, which followed officer level
initiatives in prior years. In fiscal 2004, we will begin building diversity skills at the general manager
level as we continue building this strategic enabler and core value into a competitive advantage. 09 An indication of our progress are the great strides Red Lobster and Olive Garden have made in devel-
oping effective marketing strategies for African-American and Hispanic/Latino consumers. And 00 American industry is taking note. Fortune magazine recognized Darden as one of the “50 Best
Companies for Minorities” for the third year in a row, and Diversity, Inc. magazine has named us one
of the “Top 50 Companies for Diversity” for each of the two years it has tracked companies.
Technology solutions can help us better leverage our infrastructure and evolve our restaurant support and in-restaurant processes so they are more effective and less costly. To better manage and prioritize the many technology-driven process improvement opportunities before us, in fiscal 2003 we established three cross-company process councils focused on human resources, culinary and beverage excellence and facilities care. Their task is to examine our businesses, looking to consolidate and streamline, eliminate duplication of effort and resources and effectively leverage our size and scale. We expect increased collaboration among all our businesses and functional disciplines, leading to better outcomes for Darden.
We are as committed as ever to our strategic imperatives and key enablers, with an unrelenting focus on being brilliant with the basics in everything we do.
0
10
11
    0 00
  10 DARDEN RESTAURANTS
   
 We Have Focused Priorities for Fiscal 2004
It is important for us to rebuild sales and traffic growth and affirm Darden’s historical leadership position in the casual dining industry. With this aim, our priorities for fiscal 2004 are to:
• Rebuild sales and profit growth momentum at Red Lobster.
• Continue to grow sales and earnings at Olive Garden.
• PrepareBahama Breeze for future growth.
• Sustain excellence at Smokey Bones and expand aggressively.
• Continue our test of Seasons 52 and research new concepts.
• Use process improvement as a platform to balance cost management with
investment spending.
These priorities are straightforward, yet challenging. I know we have the necessary tools and talented teams to achieve each of them.
We Are Well Positioned for Growth
Darden has a unique combination of strengths that positions us well for future growth. First and foremost, as Bill Darden used to say, our greatest competitive edge is our employees – the more than 140,000 people in our Company who are committed to nourishing and delighting everyone we serve. We are also the only company in casual dining with two top-tier restaurant businesses that each generate about $2 billion in sales. And we complement them with two exciting emerging companies, each of which we believe is capable of achieving future sales of $500 million or more.
We are proud to serve more than 300 million meals a year, which gives us one of the largest – and still growing – consumer bases in casual dining. That base, along with our considerable leader- ship and financial resources, provides us with an excellent platform for growing our Company and achieving our driving ambition to be the best in casual dining, now and for generations.
Joe R. Lee
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 Core Purpose and Core Values
CORE PURPOSE:
To nourish and delight everyone we serve.
CORE VALUES:
Integrity and fairness. It all starts
with integrity. We trust in the integrity and fairness of each other to always do the right thing, to be open, honest and forthright with ourselves and others,
to demonstrate courage, to solve without blame and to follow through on all
our commitments.
Respect and caring. We reach out with respect and caring. We have a genuine interest in the well being of others. We know the importance of listening, the power of understanding and the immeasurable value of support.
Diversity. Even though we have a com- mon vision, we embrace and celebrate our individual differences. We are strength- ened by a diversity of cultures, perspec- tives, attitudes, and ideas. We honor each other’s heritage and uniqueness. Our power of diversity makes a world of dif- ference.
Always learning /always teaching.
We learn from others as they learn from us. We learn. We teach. We grow.
Being “of service.” Being of service is our pleasure. We treat people as special and appreciated by giving of ourselves, doing more than expected, anticipating needs, and making a difference.
Teamwork. Teamwork works. By trusting one another, we bring together the best in all of us and go beyond the boundaries of ordinary success.
Excellence. We have a passion to set and pursue, with innovation, courage and humility, ever higher standards.
 2003 ANNUAL REPORT 11
  