CEO Message
When we talk about how DTE Energy powers the world in which we live, we mean so much more than the services and products we provide. Every day I am impressed by the energy that employees bring to work here at DTE. In ways large and small, we are making a difference in our world. From our environmental leadership to our philanthropy to the many examples of our commitment to the communities we serve, our employees shine. They are the ones who are driving this company. It is their energy that makes us successful. The stories of how our employees shine ­ how they impact every customer, every neighbor, every person we touch in our daily work ­ are woven throughout this corporate citizenship report. This report is our opportunity to share with you where we are in the pursuit of our aspiration to be the best-operated energy company in North America and a force for growth and prosperity in the communities where we live and serve. We recognize we still have challenges. We are not yet where we want to be, but we are taking the steps to get there. One of the principles that guides our work is continuous improvement. Wherever we are today, we know we can and will do better. We owe that to our customers and community. Three major pillars undergird our approach moving forward: supporting the development of strong and responsible energy policy in Michigan and nationally; investing in natural gas infrastructure; and leveraging new technologies to enable superior operations and customer service. Long-term energy and climate policy in Michigan and the country, which promise much environmental progress, must also deliver reliability, adaptability and affordability. We have already started retiring older and less-efficient coal-fired power plants; over the next 10 years, we will transition our aging coal-fired power generation fleet to a cleaner, more diverse generation portfolio. We are also making significant investments in system reliability to lower the frequency of power outages and improve how quickly we restore power. Sometimes severe weather events make this priority all the more tangible, such as the Christmas week ice storm last year that impacted more than 200,000 of our electric customers. It demonstrated the importance of what we do and the demands placed upon our employees. Investments in our natural gas infrastructure are also a key part of our long-term strategy. It is paramount that we maintain the safety and integrity of our system of underground natural gas pipes through a robust program of inspections, maintenance and upgrades. Additionally, we are upgrading our communications systems to better use technology so that we can provide excellent customer service. We are inextricably linked each day to our customers and our communities by our purpose: We serve with our energy, the lifeblood of communities and the engine of progress. This sense of purpose sustains us and inspires us, and helps us to bring our best energy, focus and talent to work. The work we do at DTE is vital. The services we provide are fundamental to the functioning of society. DTE is committed to all the communities where we live and serve. Our corporate citizenship report serves as a clear and transparent look at how we act as a force for growth and prosperity. We look forward to an open dialogue with you about our corporate citizenship. I invite you to read our full report at dtecitizenship.com and I encourage your feedback via our citizenship@dteenergy.com inbox.

Gerry Anderson Chairman and CEO DTE Energy
DTE Energy 2013 Citizenship Report Highlights 1

