Moving Forward: DTE Energy and Our Communities
In the past year, substantial strides have been made in mapping out a new direction for our country's energy generation to limit greenhouse gas emissions and move to cleaner, greener technologies. We at DTE Energy played a significant role in developing the federal clean energy rule, known as the Clean Power Plan. This rule would yield significant environmental progress and, I believe, does that in a way that is workable for our industry and its customers. It's a great change for our nation and will allow us to continue providing clean, safe, reliable and affordable energy. Despite the debate about the new rule in the federal courts, we at DTE are moving forward with fundamentally modernizing the way we generate electricity. Our Aspiration to be the best-operated energy company in North America and a force for growth and prosperity in the communities where we live and serve will be our guide as we invest in this transformation, and we will work to build a better future for Michigan and the communities in which we operate across the country. On our journey toward our Aspiration, we accomplished a significant amount of work in 2015, all of which was the product of the energy our employees bring to work each day. We had the lowest number of injuries in DTE's history ­ surpassing our goal. And we made strides in our electric reliability; most notably, our outage minutes were down 65 percent in 2015, due in large part to a more strategic tree trimming program. In the past year, we spent a lot of time framing our strategy around what it means to be "a force for growth and prosperity in our communities." As a result, we are implementing a much more robust employee volunteerism initiative, with the intention of creating a best-in-class program to engage more employees in more impactful opportunities, such as skill-based volunteerism. We also are continuing to strengthen our charitable contributions. The DTE Energy Foundation, our philanthropic arm, donated $15 million in 2015, a 25 percent increase over 2014. This is an exciting time for our business and our employees, and I am proud to lead them. On behalf of the men and women of DTE Energy, I invite you to read our Corporate Citizenship Report at dtecitizenship.com and share your feedback at citizenship@dteenergy.com.

DTE Energy earned the Gallup Great Workplace Award 4 years in a row

Gerry Anderson

Chairman and CEO DTE Energy

