2

A M E S S A G E TO S H A R E H O L D E R S

The new century is barely underway, and yet already we can see the signature of Hughes on the global communications infrastructure. DIRECTV ® is fast becoming the standard for home viewing, our business network systems continue to widen their lead in popularity around the world, and our satellite fleet continues to outpace the competition in providing local, regional, and global telecommunications ser-

and Hughes, with its unique core capabilities, is distinctly positioned to lead this transformation. In working to reshape the telecommunications landscape, Hughes also reinvented itself. There is no better example of this than the organizational changes designed to restructure the company around our key markets. Three years ago, that meant splitting off our defense and automotive lines of business. More recently, it included selling our slower-growth, lower-margin satellite systems manufacturing businesses, and refocusing our wireless service operations. As a result, Hughes today is a company focused intensely on high-growth, high-value services markets. In addition to restructuring, we have taken a number of strategic steps to strengthen our leadership and achieve our goal of becoming

Michael T. Smith Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

the premier global provider of integrated entertainment and information services. Among these steps, we: · Realigned Hughes into two marketing organizations ­ a consumer group and an enterprise

vices. But even as we reach new heights in each of our service offerings, we continue to focus on the next generation of telecommunications. Our vision is to bring about the convergence of both entertainment and information services in the same communications portal, be it a TV or a PC. Such convergence will remake the telecommunications landscape in the coming years,

Illustrated above is the vision that has guided all of our actions in transforming Hughes.

group ­ that reflect our two distinct customer areas. This new organization will allow us to more rapidly identify and respond to changes in our various markets; · Nearly doubled the U.S. subscriber base of DIRECTV, Hughes' digital direct broadcast satellite (DBS) television service, through aggressive marketing efforts, and through the acquisitions of United States Satellite Broadcasting (USSB) and PRIMESTAR. Our Latin American DIRECTV subscriber growth also gained momentum, with a year-over-year growth rate of 74 percent in 1999. Much of this growth in Latin America was the result of new agreements we reached with our local partners that granted Hughes greater control over marketing and operations. We ended 1999 with nearly 9 million subscribers throughout the Western Hemisphere; · Built Hughes Network Systems (HNS) into one of the largest manufacturers of DIRECTV systems, enabling it to produce more than two million receivers in 1999, which in turn supported DIRECTV's record growth; · Continued to extend PanAmSat's lead as the world's largest commercial provider of satellite services. With the successful launch of two new satellites (out of seven planned), PanAmSat is well on course toward building up to a global

fleet of 24 spacecraft; · Secured future funding for our high-growth services with the expected cash proceeds before tax of nearly $4 billion from the announced sale of our satellite systems manufacturing business to The Boeing Company; · Refocused the wireless networking business at HNS to emphasize the broadband point-

"Our vision is to bring about the convergence of both entertainment and information services in the same communications portal"
to-multipoint equipment in which Hughes is a market leader. As part of this refocusing, we discontinued two narrowband wireless businesses in which we did not offer a competitive edge; · Agreed to combine our Japanese DBS subscriber base with that of SkyPerfecTV!. This move will result in Hughes own-

The contrasts between the old and the new Hughes are significant in achieving new opportunities for market penetration and earnings growth.

4

A M E S S AG E TO S HA R E H OL D E RS

ing an approximate 6.8 percent equity position in SkyPerfecTV!, enabling us to profit from its improved competitive position; · Secured a $1.5 billion investment in Hughes by America Online and a strategic alliance to deliver AOL services to consumers via DIRECTV and DirecPC ; and
®

milestone. For the first time, revenues from our growing subscriber base outpaced our marketing and other costs, which resulted in U.S. DIRECTV's first year of positive EBITDA. Now having passed the breakeven point, we expect EBITDA growth to accelerate going forward. We have every expectation that DIRECTV ­ and soon DirecPC and Spaceway ­ will generate levels of revenue and earnings growth validating our new focus.

reliability and cost-effectiveness in private business networks that have made HNS' VSAT systems the most popular in the world. And we will raise HNS' output of DIRECTV receiver systems 50 percent, to 3 million units in 2000. We will continue to focus on PanAmSat's stable customer base, which includes the globe's leading entertainment and telecommunications companies, and build on its $6 billion-plus backlog of satellite service contracts. And we will expand PanAmSat's global capacity through the launch of additional and more powerful spacecraft. However, we are also looking beyond these established and

· Committed $1.4 billion to the North American segment of Spaceway , Hughes' innovative
TM

satellite system for delivering high-speed, two-way broadband service beginning in 2003. In addition to the foregoing, we have continued to make the investments needed to sustain the rapid growth in our high-margin services businesses. These investments, together with our focus on ensuring quality in satellite manufacturing and the discontinuation of our narrowband wireless businesses, caused 1999's EBITDA (Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization) to be lower than projected. Wall Street accurately read these results as the short-term cost of realigning ourselves around our high-growth markets. Accordingly, the valuation of GM Class H common shares (GMH) more than doubled last year. The accompanying chart highlights the dramatic growth in GMH share price. In 1999, our U.S. DIRECTV business achieved an important

1999 GMH Performance

rapidly growing markets to the even greater growth potential of convergence. At DIRECTV, a series of new services to be phased in this year will substantially change America's viewing habits. The Wink® Enhanced Broadcasting service will allow subscribers to bring up additional data on their TV screens to enhance many of their favorite TV shows, or to order product information simply by clicking on their remote controls. TiVo Personal TV TM will allow subscribers to create a personalized TV experience through sophisticated digital video recording technology. And our AOL TVTM service will enable subscribers to surf the Internet while viewing

How will we achieve such growth? For starters we will pursue the strategies that have served us so well in recent years. In our consumer services, that means continuing to offer DIRECTV customers the widest variety of programming, as well as an unmatched level of reception quality, customer service, ease of use, and programming value. With the addition of local channels in U.S. markets ­ a service that has been very enthusiastically received ­ we are well on our way toward becoming the second largest multi-channel provider in the United States. In our enterprise services, we will continue to provide the great

"With the advent of convergence, we expect the new services developed by Hughes to open new opportunities for market penetration and earnings growth"
their favorite programs. HNS, meanwhile, will introduce a new broadband service called AOL Plus via DirecPC. We believe that this new offering, along with a new, two-way satellite service planned to be rolled out later this year, will significantly boost Hughes' broadband subscriber base. HNS is also leading the development of Spaceway, which will create a new standard in both consumer and business communications by providing multimedia entertainment and fast Internet access. Because Hughes has a vast consumer and enterprise customer base, Spaceway can count on an existing target audience to give it a head start on the competition. PanAmSat, too, will reap the benefits of convergence as it executes on its recently announced Internet strategy. NET/36TM will deliver broadband services to thousands of Internet service providers (ISPs), cable headends, digital subscriber line (DSL) providers and wireless operators

through a global satellite network that bypasses congested areas of the Internet. Altogether, by following current strategies and expanding into newer areas of converging technologies, we expect to achieve rapidly accelerating EBITDA growth for the next several years. As we look forward, we're tremendously excited by the new telecommunications environment that Hughes is helping to create. Our leading position in our industries, our unmatched technological and marketing capabilities, and the synergy of our various businesses all point to a future where the Hughes name is synonymous with the best in telecommunications on every level. And with the advent of convergence, we expect the new services offered by Hughes to open new opportunities for market penetration and earnings growth ­ while empowering consumers and business people everywhere to reach untapped ideas and develop unknown capabilities. Whether the demand is for data or video, entertainment or business, research or recreation, or all of these in various combinations, Hughes is positioning itself as the global service supplier of choice in this Digital Age.

Michael T. Smith Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

