A Message to Shareholders
2005 was a year of significant accomplishment for DIRECTV. Now, as we move into our third year since News Corporation's 34 percent acquisition of this company, we are better positioned than ever to deliver the best television experience to our customers and maximize value for our shareholders.
Our 2005 results speak for themselves. In October, we crossed the 15 million customer threshold. DIRECTV U.S. once again led the cable and satellite industry in customer growth, adding 1.2 million net customers. We are now the second largest pay-TV provider ­ a testament to the competitive strength of our business. Average revenue per subscriber, or ARPU, showed healthy increases. We also improved our profit margins and made real progress in controlling key costs, such as subscriber acquisition costs. One lingering problem was churn, which was unacceptably high last year. We took steps to address this problem and believe we will correct it in 2006. Financially, DIRECTV continues to make real progress. Last year, DIRECTV U.S. revenues reached $12.2 billion ­ up 25 percent over the prior year. Operating profit before depreciation and amortization climbed to more than $1.5 billion, nearly three times the 2004 level. And free cash flow ­ a critical measure of a company's value ­ increased to a record $536 million. These 2005 numbers are just a beginning; we expect free cash flow to increase dramatically over the next few years. Our number one priority at DIRECTV is excellence in television. While we recognize that we compete in a broader media and communications industry where technology, corporate restructuring and other forces are changing the business with increasing speed, we continue to believe that the foundation for our success is leadership in television. The three pillars that will define leadership in television are technology, content and service. DIRECTV is a leader today in these three areas, but we must aggressively continue to build on them to achieve our vision. Cutting-Edge Technology 2005 saw many of our technology initiatives come to market. One of the most important is high definition, or HD television. We launched two satellites and introduced our new MPEG-4 set top box, enabling us to begin broadcasting the major broadcast networks and their local affiliate stations in HD. Twelve major local HD markets were added late last year and by the end of 2006 we will have added enough markets to reach more than two-thirds of U.S. consumers. Two more satellite launches are planned for early 2007, giving us the capacity to deliver over 150 national and all local HD channels to nearly every home in America. With these capabilities, DIRECTV will have the most extensive and compelling HD service in the United States. Another key initiative in 2005 was the fourth quarter launch of our new digital video recorder. The DVR will be central to the consumer television experience of tomorrow, and it is critical that our DVR be the best on the market. Our DIRECTV Plus® DVR already is a market leader in terms of storage capacity and speed. During the coming year, we will continue to improve the DVR experience by adding improved search functionality and the ability to program it from remote locations via cell phones and other devices. This DVR is also an important driver of future growth, as we improve our video on demand and advertising services. While much of our technology work is geared to enhancing what the customer sees on the screen, we are also developing technologies that will improve the efficiency, reliability and quality of the overall experience. New software will enable us to determine if a dish is not properly pointed at the satellite without a technician's trip to the home. Telephone back channels will become easier to install and more reliable. And TVs will have DIRECTV technology embedded inside, making for easier placement in locations like kitchens and bedrooms, where set top boxes may be impractical. Even more exciting and innovative is our drive to move the video experience beyond the traditional TV set. In January 2006, we announced landmark agreements with Intel and Microsoft that will allow

our customers easy access to DIRECTV on PCs, laptops and handhelds. We were the first to offer live television in cars and in 2006, we will follow up that innovation with a number of new mobile products that meet consumers' increasing demand for video on-the-go. Content Leadership While technology is critical to our future, we must always remember that television is, first and foremost, about content. DIRECTV has historically led the industry in this area. Our strategy is to offer the most programming, the widest array of choices and the best and most innovative services. We are developing unique content ­ from one-time events to seasonal programming to regular weekly shows ­ that will provide DIRECTV with a uniqueness and freshness that our competitors can't match.

Interactive features are the next wave in television service. Last year, we launched some interactive local weather services and horoscopes. We also added interactive features to sports packages like the NFL SUNDAY TICKET and MEGA MARCH MADNESSTM, and there is more to come in 2006. And we have more interactive information and entertainment planned for the coming months, including a partnership with FOX News. In 2006, we're introducing an easy-to-use video on demand, or VOD, service that will give customers who have the DIRECTV Plus DVR, easy access to popular programming on television. Our initial offerings will allow customers to view prime-time hits from the FX channel a full 24 to 48 hours before their first broadcast, along with top programs from NBC, Universal, FOX and others within hours after they air. During the next year, we will add more movies,

From our vast range of all-digital programming to our exclusive, signature products like NFL SUNDAY TICKETTM, we provide more choice at a greater value than our competitors. And we are always looking for opportunities to improve our lineup. For example, in 2005 we replaced our 30 channel audio package with a superior line-up of 72 channels from XM Satellite Radio. In early 2006, we launched CD USA, an original hour-long weekly show that features live performances by best-selling music artists. We are also adding new features to the NFL SUNDAY TICKET. For instance last year we added The Red Zone Channel, which jumps live from game to game highlighting the key plays. For this year's Easter holiday, we created the special "Songs of Praise," which features live performances by choirs across the country.

sports, news and other products to our VOD offer. Later this year we'll launch a broadband video service that will have the ability to offer thousands of titles to customers with new advanced receivers. We expect to offer the ultimate VOD experience by combining the almost unlimited choice available from the Internet along with instant access to the most popular programming that has been downloaded to your receiver's hard drive in your home. We also plan to move beyond traditional video content. For instance, our new DIRECTV GAMESTARTM allows viewers to play a variety of video games from the comfort of their sofa while watching their favorite TV shows. Some games will let customers compete against each other for prizes. Others will be partnerships with popular children's brands to deliver games that teach kids a variety of skills.

DIRECTV has a unique set of strengths
including our brand, national reach, low cost flexible infrastructure, large subscriber base with a great demographic profile, diverse and unique content, and unparalleled distribution.

Arguably our most important new initiative is an upgraded electronic program guide, or EPG. As our content area expands, the EPG will be an essential, easy way to locate and access our extensive offerings. Ease of use is paramount. Hundreds of channels can appear intimidating to consumers if there is not a clear, easy-to-use guide for finding what they want to watch. Our EPG will be that guide. We plan to add an array of features allowing people to personalize their guides and search for their favorite shows. Service Excellence While much of the excitement and press coverage in our industry revolves around new initiatives in technology and content, the area that is second to none in importance is service. When you ask a customer what they value most in a TV service, the answer is invariably reliability, convenience, honesty and fairness. We need DIRECTV to represent the gold standard in customer service for television. While we are the industry leader in service, we are not where we need to be and this will be an area of enormous focus in 2006. To improve the quality and efficiency of our service, we have established greater control over our service operations. Thus the majority of our installations are now performed by a dozen quality home service providers. These HSPs drive vans with DIRECTV logos, wear DIRECTV

uniforms, and adhere to our strict rules and standards. Two years ago, less than a quarter of our installations went through these HSPs; by the end of 2006, that figure will increase to over two-thirds. Likewise, we have opened new company-operated call centers to increase the quality and effectiveness of customer response. We have also continued to introduce an array of new tools to improve service. We overhauled our web site, making it an increasingly important part of sales and service. Last year, about one-third of our customer contacts were handled electronically or without speaking to a customer service representative. We also began providing our installers with handheld devices that improve their execution at customers' homes or on the road. Finally, our customer database has undergone a complete overhaul, allowing us to use this data to target the right services and offers to the right customers. In 2005, we launched a new service for our one million plus most-valued customers. All of our customers are now categorized for appropriate upgrades and services. DIRECTV Latin America ­ A Bright Future We consider our Latin American businesses to have tremendous potential. With more than 100 million television households and only about 16 million

DIRECTV mobilized a special task force of 600 DIRECTV service technicians, who fanned out across southern Florida to reconnect thousands of customers who lost service during Hurricane Wilma last fall.

Two more satellite launches
are planned for early 2007, giving us the capacity to deliver over 150 national and all local HD channels to nearly every home in America. With these capabilities, DIRECTV will have the most extensive and compelling HD service in the United States.
pay television households, the market is attractive and has yet to be fully tapped. We are in the unique position of bringing our experience in the U.S. market to bear in Latin America. In Mexico, we have combined our platform with Sky Mexico and own over 40 percent of the combined business. We expect to combine with Sky Brazil after receiving regulatory approval later this year, giving us more than 70 percent of the new company. In the region's other markets, we own over 80% of DIRECTV Latin America and offer service in 26 countries. We believe we have successfully established ourselves as the market leader for quality pay television across the region. Our subscriber base in Latin America will be approaching four million when we complete the Brazilian consolidation and we expect solid subscriber growth going forward. More importantly, the key operating results are improving and the businesses are rapidly moving toward profitability and cash flow growth. Looking Ahead While television excellence will be at the heart of our success, we recognize that the widening availability of bundled services ­ television, broadband Internet, and telephony ­ will have an impact on our business. We believe that DIRECTV is well positioned to benefit from broadband development. First, broadband options will exist beyond the cable and telephone companies. Wireless broadband options like WiFi or WiMax show great potential and are already being brought to market, while other technologies will emerge in the coming years. Second, broadband runs the increasing risk of commoditization. Price competition is intense today, and services that many thought would provide new revenue streams ­ such as voice ­ may instead be offered as free applications. Therefore, in providing broadband, the advantage will go to those with lower costs and a more flexible infrastructure. And emerging wireless broadband services will cost a fraction of the tens of billions of dollars that cable and Rupert Murdoch
Chairman of the Board, The DIRECTV Group, Inc.

phone companies have spent and will spend to build their systems. Furthermore, mobility is for most consumers no longer a preference and a luxury; it is an expectation and a necessity. Wireless services provide a flexibility and freedom that consumers demand. We fully recognize this will be an increasingly competitive business both in television and beyond with competitors that have significant resources. However, DIRECTV has a unique set of strengths including our brand, national reach, low cost flexible infrastructure, large subscriber base with a great demographic profile, diverse and unique content, and unparalleled distribution. Our strategy going forward will be to leverage these strengths as we take advantage of emerging technologies and outperform rivals with larger bureaucracies and higher costs. Ultimately, success will depend on execution. So we are excited to have built a strong management team over the past year. These executives represent a unique mix of expertise and skills from television, distribution, technology, marketing and service. We have streamlined the company's organization to improve our focus on key goals and to enhance coordination across divisions. With this team in place, we truly believe we are well positioned for a great future as we begin to deliver on the tremendous potential of DIRECTV.

Chase Carey
President and CEO, The DIRECTV Group, Inc.

