2 v

Message to Shareholders

Left to right: Charles H. Noski, Michael T . Smith, Steven D. Dorfman

Following the spin-off of its defense and automotive businesses, the new
Hughes, as a telecommunications and space-focused company, is uniquely qualified to take advantage of unprecedented growth opportunities around the world. The surging demand for entertainment, business networking, Internet access, mobile telephony, and development of communications infrastructures has led businesses and consumers everywhere to turn to satellite and wireless technologies, which are unparalleled in their ability to provide fast, far-reaching and cost-effective communications. Hughes is the market leader in four major industry segments that supply this demand ­ satellite manufacturing, wholesale satellite distribution serto the consumer. Through the innovative products and services that we areas, but continue to set the standards for quality and service. vices, telecommunication networks, and satellite television broadcast directly designed and introduced, we have not only carved out new markets in these

1997

3 v

To bolster our position as the world's paramount satellite and wireless company, we have adopted the following key strategies: · Maintain technology and market leadership in each main business segment; · Continue to leverage systems competencies to move into faster growing telecommunications services; · Offer integrated systems solutions, and differentiated products and services; and · Achieve on average, over the next five years, 20 percent annual growth in revenues and an even higher growth rate in earnings, and continue to emphasize creation of shareholder value. Perhaps the success of our DIRECTV business best exemplifies these strategies. By exploiting our advanced satellite manufacturing technology, DIRECTV® was first to offer digital television through a small (18-inch) dish and has since become the most successful product rollout in U.S. consumer electronics history. DIRECTV has added approximately one million new subscribers per year and is in one out of every 28 homes in the United States. Today, DIRECTV has more subscribers than the other two major satellite-TV services combined, and nearly 80 percent of our new customers come from areas already served by cable television providers. To strengthen our market leading position, DIRECTV will continue to offer simplified, more affordable consumer packages and also new services, including Internet access and the nation's first high-definition television programming. Additionally, we are pursuing new approaches to distribution and marketing, such as our recent agreement with two regional telephone operating companies, Bell Atlantic and SBC Communications, which will use their strong local presence to

increase DIRECTV's subscriber growth. The success of DIRECTV in the U.S. has positioned us to develop similar services in other parts of the world. Galaxy Latin America, launched in 1996, already leads the direct-to-home market throughout Latin America and the Caribbean. And DIRECTV Japan, inaugurated at the end of 1997, will help meet the pent-up demand for high-quality multi-channel service in a nation of 40 million TV households. In our other principal service business, PanAmSat, the world's leading commercial provider of satellite-based communications services, expanded its global constellation to 17 satellites following the merger with Hughes' Galaxy fleet and a number of recent successful satellite launches. Today, PanAmSat is the only commercial satellite operator in the world that can provide one-stop shopping for national, regional and global distribution services, a key reason why it has an 80 percent fleet utilization rate and a large backlog. To meet the accelerating demand for satellite services, PanAmSat plans to deploy seven new satellites by the end of 1999, increasing transponder capacity by over 60 percent. This new capacity will satisfy the expected continuing strong demand for traditional services such as video broadcasting, while at the same time accommodating the anticipated demand for newer services such as Internet access and other interactive multimedia applications. Hughes Space & Communications Company (HSC), our satellite manufacturing unit, increased its market share in 1997 as it continued to win over 50 percent of all competitions, and ended the year with a backlog of nearly $4 billion and 36 satellites. This year we expect to launch more satellites than ever before, among them our first mid-earth orbit satellite for ICO's worldwide

4 v

hand-held phone service, and our newest satellite, the HS 702, with nearly twice the power and capacity of our popular HS 601. In 1997, Hughes Network Systems (HNS) continued to be the worldwide leader with its more than 60 percent market share in satellite-based private business networks, and ended the year with a record backlog of $1.1 billion. The company's terrestrial wireless telephony operation continues to win important business that positions it for future growth. HNS' most notable opportunity is to supply equipment for ­ and also to operate ­ a major telephone system in Maharashtra, India, that nation's wealthiest state and the backbone of its business and financial infrastructure. Meanwhile, HNS' DirecPCTM service continues to build demand around the world for consumers seeking affordable, high-speed access to the Internet via satellite. Looking ahead, our SPACEWAYTM program, now in development, represents one of the next major opportunities to leverage our systems competencies for early entrance into a fast-growing telecommunications market. SPACEWAY will tap the tremendous potential of the next generation in ultra-fast global two-way communications of voice, video and data by using the new Ka-band frequency. With this unique combination of businesses capable of offering cost-effective telecommunications solutions, we are poised for strong financial growth and generation of exceptional shareholder value. Our focus on shareholder value was most recently illustrated by completion of the Hughes Transactions that included the spin-off of Hughes Defense followed by its merger with Raytheon Company, and the transfer of Delco Electronics to General Motors' Delphi Automotive Systems. The $9.8 billion valuation for Hughes Defense and the $6.5 billion valua-

tion for Delco Electronics and other factors represented a significant premium to public comparables. Additionally, the $4.0 billion in cash received by the new Hughes as a result of these transactions has substantially enhanced our balance sheet. As Hughes turns a new corner in its long and successful history, we are mindful of the pivotal role our company has played in this nation's defense and in the development of safer, more efficient automotive products. Much of our success can be attributed to the outstanding employees with whom we have had the honor to work. We wish them all the best in their new roles at Raytheon and Delphi, two businesses that are now positioned to be world leaders in their respective areas. However, as we look forward to the vast opportunities in every corner of the globe, we sense that what has gone before is but a prelude to the most exciting and rewarding period in the ongoing Hughes story. Given our experienced management team, strong market leadership, innovative products and services, and sound balance sheet, we believe we are well positioned to take advantage of the enormous worldwide growth opportunities in telecommunications.

Michael T . Smith Chairman and Chief E xecutive O fficer

Charles H. Noski President

Steven D. Dorfman Vice Chairman

