Rupert Murdoch

A

MESSAGE TO SHAREHOLDERS

Late last year, News Corporation completed the acquisition of a 34% interest in Hughes Electronics Corporation, which was recently renamed The DIRECTV Group, Inc. The goals for this business are quite simple. We want DIRECTV to be the best television experience in the world and The DIRECTV Group to realize its value potential for our shareholders. News Corporation and the new management team will bring a unique mix of expertise, assets and vision that will enable us to accomplish these goals.

DIRECTV has great strengths that we will capitalize on as we drive the business forward. DIRECTV is the leading brand in pay television--it is a market leader in quality, service and technological advances. It has distinct programming such as NFL SUNDAY TICKETTM and unique strengths in important distribution channels.

As the second largest pay television distributor in the United States with more than 12.2 million subscribers, DIRECTV's growing customer base provides opportunities for

significant economies of scale. We ended 2003 with excellent operating momentum--for example, in the fourth quarter, both subscriber growth and customer churn were the best they have been in over four years. However, even with its competitive advantages and strong operating performance, DIRECTV has only just scratched the surface of its potential.

The strategy we are implementing to take DIRECTV forward has several key components. First, we will become a leader in bringing new and exciting technologies to our customers. Today, this means the best in digital video recorders (DVRs) and high definition television. In the future, this means wireless technologies, integration of television and broadband, and set-top boxes that will have applications for music, games and photography. In the

2

near term, we plan to make more investments in satellites and other technologies to help us attain these goals.

A second key component of our strategy is to provide content that is both compelling and distinct, and offers our customers the widest range of choice. Leadership provided by News Corporation and Fox in news, sports and entertainment on both a national and local level will be critical strengths for establishing DIRECTV's content leadership. Moreover, we must do more than simply provide customers with hundreds of channels. Interactivity, video on demand, specialized content for DVRs, an enhanced electronic program guide and other innovations will become important aspects of our content offering.

Service excellence must be another hallmark for DIRECTV. While DIRECTV is recognized as a leader in customer service, we still have much room for improvement. Our call centers, installers, Web sites and other services can--

We want DIRECTV to be the best television experience in the world and The DIRECTV Group to realize its value potential for our shareholders.
discipline, eliminating

and will--be much better.

At DIRECTV, we will make

service excellence a goal second to none.

We also have critical challenges in sales and marketing, and we look to bring new energy and enhancements to each of DIRECTV's operating areas. These initiatives will emphasize not only growth and a commitment to

excellence, but also improved profitability. Operationally, DIRECTV is not as efficient as it should be and our cost structure is not on par with our key competitors. We plan to and change this through focusing best on financial In

bureaucracy,

implementing

operational

practices.

addition, News Corporation's global scale will bring cost efficiencies to DIRECTV in areas such as set-top boxes, technology and programming.

We plan to reinvent DIRECTV into an entrepreneurial, efficient and agile business. Our management team will establish DIRECTV as the leader in exciting, rewarding and compelling television and we are determined to grow our business while maximizing profitability.

In terms of the competitive environment, we believe that DIRECTV will continue to have the best television service in the United States, and we are well-positioned to compete with cable operators that are still burdened with a hybrid architecture that includes both analog and digital programming. In addition, DIRECTV has inherent advantages over cable such as a national footprint, greater flexibility and lower costs. We expect to take advantage of these strengths while maximizing the potential of exciting new alliances-- such as those we've announced with Verizon and BellSouth--to continue creating

entertainment services that are more attractive than those offered by cable.

While DIRECTV in the United States is our core business, we also recognize there are other important business units within The DIRECTV Group. DIRECTV Latin America has

3

recently emerged from bankruptcy and we believe there are significant opportunities in this market. The size of the Latin American market is equal to that of the United States in terms of total television households. have

And

while

selected

countries

encountered short-term problems, there is no question and that countries have like Mexico,

Brazil growth have

Argentina with

tremendous who

potential, a real

consumers for

passion

television. pay are

Importantly, television

competing in

terrestrial the region

services

relatively weak, so we see a very bright future for us in Latin America.

PanAmSat Corporation (NASDAQ: SPOT) is another valuable business at The DIRECTV Group. With its global fleet of 25 satellites, strong operating margins and large backlog, PanAmSat is poised to continue generating significant cash flow for many years to come. Similarly, at Hughes Network Systems (HNS), we have an array of solid businesses with growth potential. In particular, the expected service launch in 2005 of HNS' new Spaceway platform will bring the next generation of satellite broadband services to the marketplace.

With the emergence of DIRECTV Latin America from bankruptcy, we are now turning our attention to potential combinations, alliances or other initiatives for this business. In addition, we are considering strategic alternatives for HNS and our ownership interest in PanAmSat.

Overall, we have a significant agenda ahead of us, but we start from a position of strength. 2003 was a year in which the company generated over $10 billion in revenues and nearly $650 million in cash. We have a healthy balance sheet

and a new management team in place that brings a tremendous wealth of experience and expertise. Importantly, we also have a great Board of Directors to provide overall guidance and insight as we move forward.

I expect 2004 to be a fulfilling year for The DIRECTV Group. We see a future of significant growth opportunities and improved operating performance, and I look forward to reporting our many successes to you in a year from now.

CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD The DIRECTV Group, Inc.

4

