A Message

to Shareholders
2007
was a year in which DIRECTV's strategy to deliver the best television experience in the United States to higher quality subscribers drove superior financial and operating results. We took major strides to strengthen our leadership in content, technology and service. And in the first full year of performance since the completion of the DIRECTV and SKY merger, DIRECTV Latin America also reported outstanding results. As a result, our businesses in the U.S. and Latin America have never been stronger and we are well positioned for years of profitable growth.
DIRECTV U.S. ­ Raising the Bar Much of the planning and hard work performed in years past to develop superior programming and advanced products, as well as focusing on attaining higher quality subscribers, is now paying off. DIRECTV U.S. welcomed a total of 878,000 net new subscribers, a 7% increase over 2006. We also made significant progress in reducing average monthly churn ­ the percentage of customers who disconnect their service each month ­ to an eight-year low of 1.51%. Average monthly subscriber revenue, or ARPU, increased 7.2% to $79.05 and revenues grew 13% to $15.5 billion. We fulfilled a promise made at the beginning of the year to become the clear and undisputed leader in HD. We've spent a great deal of effort communicating this message through enhanced marketing and, as a result, our brand has never been stronger. For example, in 2007, DIRECTV's unaided brand awareness reached an all-time high of 50% and aided awareness rose to near-universal levels of 93%. It's a message that has clearly resonated with the pay television market and our customers. We added a record 2 million HD and/or DVR customers in 2007, bringing our total penetration of advanced services to over 40% of our subscriber base. Importantly, the pace has been accelerating, as over 50% of our new subscribers purchased advanced services in the second half of 2007. Many of these accomplishments were attributable to the significant contributions from our direct sales channel, which generated well over 40% of our new subscribers in 2007. This is an important sales channel for us as we continue to target higher quality, loyal subscribers who typically generate higher monthly revenues and margin. We are especially proud of our 2007 results, considering that our major competitors pointed to the weaker economy as an explanation for their significantly slower growth ­ or, in the case of cable, to the loss of hundreds of thousands of TV subscribers. For some time now, the core of our strategy to provide the best television experience was defined by delivering superior service, content and technology. That was the case in 2007 and will continue to be the focus in 2008. On the customer service side, for the seventh consecutive year we attained a higher score for customer satisfaction than cable companies from the American

ANNUAL REPORT 3

Customer Satisfaction Index (ACSI), University of Michigan Business School, in addition to other leading scores from J.D. Power and Associates and Forrester Research. And while the service side of the business made real strides in 2007, we still have much work to do. Improving this area is one of our top priorities for 2008. We simply will not be satisfied until our overall customer experience is nothing less than stellar and is commensurate with the sterling reputation of our brand. We want to delight our customers and do so at a lower cost by operating smarter and more efficiently. On the content side, we've never been stronger. We quickly moved ahead of our competitors by offering 92 national HD channels ­ far more than any other TV provider. To further extend our advantage, we launched the DIRECTV 11 satellite in March 2008. Once operational, this satellite will provide us with the capacity to offer up to 150 national HD channels and deliver local HD channels to virtually all markets. A And with the launch of DIRECTV 12 in 2009, we're confident that we'll maintain our lead dership position for leadership quite some time. depth and breadth to our We also added depth sports content, continu uing to bring new continuing features to our custom mers. Always looking customers.

for ways to bring sports fans more, we recently announced a new addition to our stable of sports options, The MASTERS Experience on DIRECTV. This unique service combines live CBS and ESPN coverage of the tournament with additional views of the legendary Augusta National Golf Club. In addition, an array of statistics, scores and on-demand video clips will be accessible with a DIRECTV remote control. We've also added new features to some of our more popular packages. Fans of our NFL SUNDAY TICKETTM SuperFan® package enjoyed a new service ­ giving them access to the entire weekly lineup of live NFL SUNDAY TICKETTM games via a web-stream to their PC or laptop, and the ability to receive in-progress game highlights on their cell phone. Our NASCAR HotPassTM service is now available entirely in HD and features 13 additional live audio feeds of driver/pit crew communications. More and more, DIRECTV customers are enjoying our enhanced services as evidenced by the more than 500 million impressions we had across our sports, news and advertising interactive applications. While sports are a large part of our DIRECTV offerings, we also provide a unique variety of general entertainment options. Our GAME LOUNGETM service, which launched in 2007, provides families with a platform of games designed to bring family game night back to households across the country. In its first year, GAME LOUNGE attracted 130,000 subscribers and logged over 50 million plays.

We quickly moved ahead of our competitors by offering 92 national HD channels ­
far more than any other TV provider.

4 DIRECTV

Financially, we expect to take DIRECTV to a whole new level in terms of profitability
and cash flow growth.
We continued to build our original entertainment programming lineup shown on The 101TM . Customers can view unique events such th B th t, th d i as S South By S Southwest the l legendary music festival; Passions, an exclusive TV soap opera; and the Championship Gaming Series, the largest professional video gaming league in the world. In addition, we're debuting new TV series produced exclusively for DIRECTV such as Rock and a Hard Place, The Supreme Court of Comedy and DIRECTV ® Hometown Heroes. And in 2008, we will officially launch DIRECTV on DEMAND, our answer to cable's video-on-demand offering. DIRECTV on DEMAND is currently in Beta testing and generating great reviews. Early users agree that our service is more user-friendly than other comparable offerings. Content is delivered to consumers from both a broadband connection and via satellite. This gives us a wide variety of options to deliver content in the most efficient way and to be wellpositioned for all the future possibilities the Internet holds. On the technology side, we've built the foundation for our future through state-ofthe-art set-top boxes, satellites and a national ground infrastructure. Our HD and DVR receivers ­ all of which have been designed with a common user interface and flexibility for future software upgrades ­ lead the industry in many key areas and provide us with important competitive advantages. Another key technology initiative is the use of the Internet to further enhance our service. Today, DIRECTV on DEMAND customers can access thousands of titles and download them via the Internet. We also recently launched our DVR Scheduler service, which allows customers to remotely record shows to their DVR through directv.com or DIRECTV LATIN AMERICA ­ Exceeding Expectations 2007 was the first full year of performance following the successful transactions that combined the DIRECTV and SKY platforms in Latin America. We now own 74% of Sky Brazil, 41% of Sky Mexico and 100% of PanAmericana, which covers most of the remaining countries in the region. Clearly, the newly integrated companies have found tremendous success, as evidenced by a more than doubling of net subscriber additions in 2007 to 588,000 and an impressively low monthly churn rate of 1.38%. In March 2008, the combined platforms of DIRECTV, PanAmericana, SKY Brazil and SKY Mexico passed the 5 million subscriber mark, a significant milestone that was achieved faster than our original target. A key element of DIRECTV Latin America's strategy is to gain competitive advantages by leveraging the scale and technology of the U.S. business. As a result, we introduce superior products and services ahead of our competitors and at a lower cost. The benefits of this strategy were in full force last year when we were the first to introduce DVRs throughout the region. We also offer popular U.S. packages including NFL SUNDAY TICKETTM, NASCAR HotPassTM, MLB EXTRA INNINGS® and GAME LOUNGE. We plan to be the first to launch quality HD programming in PanAmericana in the second half of 2008, and in Mexico and Brazil in 2009. a cell phone. In addition, DIRECTV is now available in the car, in the air and through our portable DIRECTV® Sat-Go product that bi d satellite t llit antenna t combines a TV screen and in one convenient unit.

ANNUAL REPORT 5

In addition, we will maximize growth opportunities by expanding our very popular pre-paid program in key markets and increasing multiple set-top box penetration. With these strengths and strategies in place, we couldn't be more excited about the future for DIRECTV Latin America. Looking Ahead ­ Taking DIRECTV to a Whole New Level A recent milestone occurred on February 27 as Liberty Media Corporation became our largest shareholder by acquiring News Corporation's stake in the company. As part of the transaction, John Malone and Greg Maffei were elected to the DIRECTV Board. We have already started breaking ground on this exciting chapter at DIRECTV and look forward to working with our new colleagues at Liberty Media to provide an ever-increasing number of customers with the finest television experience available. Looking toward that future, we believe we are well positioned for years of profitable growth. Our infrastructure has clear advantages in cost, scale, flexibility, consistency and speed to market. Our national reach has enormous branding, communication and efficiency benefits. Our singular focus on video serves us well by creating true excellence in an area that many consumers care deeply about ­ a quality television experience. We will not rest on our laurels ­ we will continue to introduce unique and compelling services to bring the DIRECTV experience to new heights. Among our key initiatives is to fully integrate our customers' vast information and entertainment devices in their homes. An important first step toward meeting this goal is our new DIRECTVTM MediaShare service, which enables customers t view pictures, music and video content to fr rom m their their PC on their TV. MediaShare will from al lso o allow all llow ll o customers to watch recorded ow also s ows from sh fr f rom mt h ir DVR on their PC. We will he shows their

also make strides in mobility and continue to work towards a whole-home solution, as those areas will become a critical part of the DIRECTV experience in the future. Financially, we expect to take DIRECTV to a whole new level in terms of profitability and cash flow growth. We will accomplish this through continued focus on higherquality subscribers who are more inclined to buy premium and advanced services while remaining loyal to DIRECTV for longer periods of time. We also plan to reduce capital expenditures and drive higher operating margins as we take full advantage of scale efficiencies and rigorous cost controls. Our confidence in achieving these goals is bolstered by the terrific management team in place ­ a unique group of executives with a great mix of experience and skills. This is also a company of employees, who are passionate, dedicated and excited about the business. Given the stage we've set over the past few years and the enormous potential we have, I believe that DIRECTV's best years are still ahead of us.

Chase Carey
President and Chief Executive Officer THE DIRECTV Group, Inc.

6 DIRECTV

