A MESSAGE FROM OUR CEO

DEAR SHAREHOLDERS:
This report in early spring 2011 comes after a year of strong results at Progress Energy and during a time of major transition for our company and industry. I am very pleased with how our employees continue to build on success in our core mission of serving customers and in our financial returns for shareholders.

organizations, we are keeping a sharp focus on excelling in the daily fundamentals and meeting our current responsibilities. In this business, we can't afford to miss a beat. Operational focus and financial discipline are essential even as we adapt to a changing industry and prepare for the decades to come.

2010 Performance
Our company and Duke Energy, our utility neighbor based in Charlotte, N.C., announced a strategic business combination in January 2011. Once approved, this combination will create the largest utility in the United States. We believe this is a natural fit that will benefit both customers and shareholders. It will mean a stronger company positioned to create a better future. Meanwhile, as we move through the merger approval process in 2011 and plan how best to integrate the two Progress Energy delivered a 12.6 percent total return to shareholders in 2010 (dividend plus stock-price appreciation for the 12 months) and for the fifth consecutive year achieved ongoing earnings per share in our original targeted range or higher. Helped by favorable weather, we slightly exceeded the top end of the range in 2010. We also maintained our long record of commitment to the dividend. The economy is slowly recovering in the areas we serve in the Carolinas and Florida. Our net average number of

| 1

total customers grew by 14,000 in 2010, including the first customer growth in Florida in three years. We are encouraged by the prospects for growth in our customer base and the overall economy. Progress Energy provided reliable, affordable service to our 3.1 million customers even in a year that had more than its share of severe weather and extreme temperatures. We also were pleased that the Florida Public Service Commission approved a constructive rate settlement that stabilized our base rates through 2012. Our company continues to earn positive external recognition for environmental stewardship and customer service. Progress Energy was named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for the sixth consecutive year, and Progress Energy Carolinas was ranked third in the South and fifth nationwide in customer satisfaction among large utilities in the latest J.D. Power and Associates survey of business customers.

An industry in transition
The United States' electric power system is at the front edge of a long-term transformation. It is being driven by new governmental policies, technological developments and aging facilities, as well as by changes in our economy and customer behavior. This transformation will require retiring older coal-fired plants, modernizing the electric grid and investing in clean energy facilities that range from large nuclear plants to small renewable-energy projects. And it will require understanding electricity customers at a deeper level. These and other changes will mean an overall power system that is getting smarter, cleaner and more secure. Making these changes will require enormous capital investments that will be reflected in what customers pay for electricity. Along with others in our industry, I am advocating that we work in a collaborative way with policymakers and regulators to manage this transition in a cost-effective,

2 |

orderly way. We need a flexible, balanced approach to energy and environmental policy that minimizes the cumulative cost impact on customers and maintains the reliability of service that underpins our economy and way of life.

By joining forces with Duke Energy, our neighbor for more than a century, we will be in a better position to manage the transformation occurring in our industry and hold down some of the rate pressure on our customers. The combined company will have greater financial strength to support potential dividend growth while raising the large amounts of capital needed to modernize our system, meet new environmental rules and keep up with population growth. Later this year, shareholders will receive more information about the Duke-Progress merger and the opportunity to vote on the transaction. The merger must be approved by the shareholders of both companies and by several state and

A strategic merger
Progress Energy and Duke Energy will merge in a stock-forstock transaction according to the definitive merger agreement unanimously approved by both companies' boards of directors in January 2011. This strategic combination, to be known by the Duke Energy corporate name, will have an enterprise value of about $65 billion and a regulated customer base of more than 7 million households and businesses in six states.

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

Years ended December 31
(in millions, except per share data)

2010

2009

2008

Financial Data Operating revenues Net income attributable to controlling interests Income from continuing operations Ongoing earnings per common share* Reported GAAP earnings per common share Average common shares outstanding Common Stock Data Return on average common stock equity (percent) Book value per common share Market value per common share (closing)
*See page 125 for a reconciliation of ongoing earnings per share to reported GAAP earnings per share.

$10,190 856 867 3.06 2.95 291

$9,885 757 840 3.03 2.71 279

$9,167 830 778 2.96 3.17 262

8.70 $34.05 $43.48

8.13 $33.53 $41.01

9.59 $32.97 $39.85

| 3

federal agencies. We are targeting a closing by the end of 2011. When the merger is completed, I will become the president and chief executive officer of the new company. Duke Energy's current chairman, president and chief executive officer, Jim Rogers, will become the executive chairman.

integration planning to position the combined Duke-Progress for success.

Building new connections
Progress Energy has been closely connected to the communities we serve for more than a century, and we're proud of our long tradition of dependable service and active community involvement. We also tend to have long-term connections with our shareholders, based on our consistent track record of financial performance and the reliability of our dividend. In this time of transition for our company and industry, the

Focused on the business at hand
Merger approvals and integration planning will require attention in 2011. Even so, we are keeping our main focus on the business at hand this year at Progress Energy, and we have a clear plan for success. Our approach starts, as always, with a relentless focus on the fundamentals of this business: safety, operational excellence, customer satisfaction and aggressive cost management. It also includes continuing efforts to foster a workplace culture with high standards of personal behavior and accountability. This culture is a prime reason we are able to attract and retain the high caliber of employees we need. In addition, our company has four areas of special focus in 2011: (1) improving the overall performance of our nuclear plants; (2) accelerating Continuous Business Excellence, our companywide initiative to improve efficiency and service while achieving sustainable savings; (3) optimizing our Balanced Solution Strategy, a diverse portfolio of investments that enable us to meet customers' growing needs and new public policies while creating long-term value; and (4) achieving timely merger approvals and effective

merger with Duke Energy represents a unique opportunity. We can build on the successful history of our two companies and form new connections on a larger scale. Stay tuned for more information about the merger in the weeks ahead. In closing, I want to express my deep appreciation for the superb commitment and hard work of our employees and for the confidence that so many of you reading this report have shown in Progress Energy. We're intent on earning your confidence day after day as we manage the present, create the future and build new connections.

William D. Johnson h Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 2011

4 |

