DEAR SHAREHOLDERS: The economic landscape is so fluid these days
that it might already seem like old news now to report on the year gone by. So my intent with this letter is to go beyond a simple recap of 2008. I want to give you a clear sense of how Progress Energy is managing the business through this extraordinary period in our national economy and financial markets, and how we're investing in the future for our customers and investors.
The overall financial and operational results we are achieving indicate our resilience and resolve, and the strength of having a clear strategy focused on an essential service we know and perform well. Early last year, we completed the multiyear transition back to our core regulated electric utility business: Progress Energy Carolinas and Progress Energy Florida. These two strong electric utilities have our complete focus. We know that millions of people depend on us every day. That's why we're staying focused on the fundamentals of our business, controlling the things we can control, and doing what it takes to sustain

1

21 YEARS OF DIVIDEND GROWTH
$ 2.50 2.00 1.50 1.00 .50 0 1988

2008

our long record of success. I'm very proud of, and truly grateful for, how well our employees are adapting to the new economic and energy realities. FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE Despite the global financial crisis and economic slowdown, we successfully delivered on our 2008 financial goals with full-year ongoing earnings per share of $2.98. Our total shareholder return for the year was a negative 12.9 percent. We're not satisfied with a negative return, but it was better than most of our peers and much better than the equity market as a whole. We also maintained our investmentgrade credit rating. In the opening days of 2009, Progress Energy conducted two large, successful financings that signaled the confidence investors have in our stability and our future ­ even in these turbulent times. We raised more than $1.1 billion in capital on favorable terms in a 14.4 million-share stock sale and a $600 million bond sale. As of February 2009, Progress Energy has paid a dividend for 250 consecutive quarters and has increased its dividend for 21 years in a row (50 of the last 55 years). That's a strong record of consistency and reliability ­ qualities that stand out even more now in a business
2

world filled with so many reversals and betrayed expectations. To make sure we hold down expenses and live within our means, we initiated in 2008 a more systematic effort to achieve sustainable efficiency improvements and productivity gains year after year. We have also adopted temporary belttightening measures, such as travel restrictions, to reduce discretionary spending until the economy improves. And we reorganized certain areas of the company and eliminated some jobs, in part because of the decrease in customer growth rates in Florida. Fortunately, we've been able to avoid across-the-board layoffs. CUSTOMER AND OPERATIONAL FOCUS Our employees continue to provide reliable electric service to our 3.1 million customers in the Carolinas and Florida. Operational excellence is a core competency here, and we are among the industry leaders in safety each year. In 2008 we were named to the Dow Jones Sustainability North America Index for the fourth consecutive year, a sign of our commitment to environmental stewardship. The reality is that it costs more today to produce electricity and provide electric service than it did just a few years ago due to higher fuel costs and

$2.46

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
Years ended December 31
(in millions, except per share data)

2008

2007

2006

Financial Data
Operating revenues Net income Income from continuing operations Ongoing earnings per common share* Reported GAAP earnings per common share Average common shares outstanding $9,167 830 773 2.98 3.19 260 $9,153 504 693 2.72 1.97 256 $8,724 571 551 2.44 2.28 250

Common Stock Data
Return on average common stock equity (percent) Book value per common share Market value per common share (closing) 9.59 $33.13 $39.85 5.97 $32.55 $48.43 7.05 $32.61 $49.08

*See page 126 for a reconciliation of ongoing earnings per share to reported GAAP earnings per share.

new environmental policies as well as expansion of generating capacity and transmission facilities. We have had to raise our rates in the Carolinas and Florida in the last 12 months, which came at a particularly bad time given the economic downturn. We are working closely with customers to help them conserve energy and hold down the increases in their electric bills. We know that successfully managing large infrastructure projects, such as nuclear and transmission construction as well as environmental retrofits, is critical. So we established a Project Management Center of Excellence last year to

strengthen our already considerable expertise with these capital projects ­ to become more efficient, flexible and cost effective. FORWARD-LOOKING INITIATIVES Securing our energy future requires a diverse, balanced strategy to meet the energy needs of a growing population and the emerging federal and state policies to reduce carbon emissions and climate change. Progress Energy's strategy includes aggressive energy efficiency and innovative alternative energy (such as solar and biomass projects), as well as state-of-the-art power plants to provide needed large-scale generating capacity. It's a portfolio

approach that leverages advances in nuclear plants and transformational technologies such as the Smart Grid and plug-in electric vehicles. Growth has long been a hallmark of the areas we serve. North Carolina is the fastest-growing state east of the Mississippi River and the fourthfastest in the United States. South Carolina is tenth. Florida's rapid population growth has flattened with the collapse of the housing market, but we expect our annual long-term customer growth rate there to be 2 percent to 3 percent once the economy rebounds. At Progress Energy, we must lay the groundwork now to make sure we're ready to meet our service areas' energy needs a decade ahead. In this down economy, we reduced our 2009 capital spending plan by about $250 million, but we continue to fund our critical capital projects. It's important for us to keep making strategic investments that will produce value for our customers and investors. During 2008, Florida regulators unanimously endorsed the need for our proposed two-unit nuclear plant in Levy County, Fla. We filed our federal license application in late 2007. In late 2008, we signed an engineering, procurement and construction agreement with Westinghouse and Stone & Webster, Inc. This nuclear plant will enable us to retire our two oldest coal-fired units in Florida ­ a major step in reducing carbon emissions. Meeting U.S. energy demand growth while reducing carbon emissions is essential, but it will be hard and costly, and it will require sustained, coordinated efforts for decades to come. As

a nation, we have not yet come to grips with the enormous scale of effort it will take: the capital investment, the technology research and development and the change in behavior of both energy producers and consumers. PERSEVERANCE AND ADAPTATION Along with everything else that happened in 2008, our company quietly but proudly celebrated its 100th anniversary. It also was my first full year as CEO. The last 100 years have included economic booms and busts, devastating wars, technological and social revolutions, disruptive natural disasters and energy crises, and a dramatic increase in population and consumer expectations. Through it all, our nation and company have endured, changed and become stronger. Now, in 2009, a deep economic recession is testing all Americans and every business and institution in our society. Whether you're a Progress Energy customer or investor, or a public official, you have reason to be confident in our company. We are determined to weather this economic storm and emerge stronger and better for the benefit of the many people who rely on us to be there for them ­ today and years into the future. I appreciate your interest in our company and the support from our highly capable board of directors, leadership team and workforce.

William D. Johnson Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 2009

