Chairman's Letter
to Stakeholders

James E. Rogers Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

Dear fellow investors, customers, employees and all others who have a vested interest in our success--including our partners, suppliers, policymakers, regulators and communities: Flipping a light switch is simple. Our mission of providing our customers with affordable, reliable and cleaner energy, 24/7, is not. Our industry is capital-intensive. Our assets are built to last for decades to meet the long-term needs of our customers. We must make billion-dollar investment decisions today to build large-scale plants that will operate half a century or more. Today's uncertainties around new environmental regulations and climate change legislation make these decisions even more difficult.
We expect Congress or the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to regulate carbon emissions as early as 2011. We also expect an onslaught of new environmental regulations on coal--not only for carbon emissions, but also for hazardous air pollutants, ash ponds, the production of coal from mountaintop removal and water discharge. These new rules could require us to retrofit or retire thousands of megawatts (MW) of coal-fired generation, beyond what we were already planning. We make the best decisions when we listen carefully to our stakeholders, bring our expertise to bear on critical political, economic and environmental issues, and stay focused on our mission. Engaging constructively in a dialogue will help protect the interests of both our customers and our investors.

A BALANCING ACT
We must act today to ensure an affordable, reliable and cleaner supply of energy for our customers in the future. Between 2010 and 2012, we expect to invest between $14 billion and $15 billion to modernize our aging regulated generation, transmission and distribution system, maintain our existing facilities, and sustain earnings and cash flow from our commercial businesses. As we work to achieve constructive regulatory recovery of our investments and earn fair returns on capital, we will strive to smooth out and reduce the impact of future rate increases on our customers.

Duke EnergY CORPORATION / 2009 ANNUAL REPORT

5

L e t t e r t o S ta k e h o ld e r s

(continued)

Our strategies are clear:  Modernize our facilities to repower the regions we serve, improve reliability, create new jobs and reduce our environmental impact.
 Execute

on a new regulatory model for energy efficiency to help our customers save money and make the communities we serve more energy efficient. our commercial businesses profitable and focused on earning solid economic returns. on the front lines of the climate change, energy and environmental debates to help protect the interests of our stakeholders, especially our customers and investors.

 Keep

 Engage

The table on pages 2 and 3 of this report summarizes our strategic initiatives, which I discuss in greater detail below. Some of these are early-stage initiatives designed to create options, such as our ongoing efforts to expand energy efficiency. Some remain central to our strategy regardless of what happens, such as modernizing our generation fleet and our grid, and expanding our renewable energy portfolio. Finally, other initiatives, such as our proposed nuclear plant projects, have a longer time frame. To succeed in these efforts, we must be alert to changes that may require course adjustments.

2009 RESULTS
Last year was difficult for both our customers and our industry. On a weather-normalized basis, our customers' demand for power was down approximately 4 percent, primarily due to declines in manufacturing load. Cooler summers in both the Midwest and the Southeast also reduced electricity demand. We can't control the economy or the weather, so throughout the year, we focused on what we could control. We aggressively managed our costs--reducing our planned operating and maintenance expenses by more than $150 million, exceeding our $100 million target. Our regulated operations also maintained high operational performance. Our nuclear fleet had one of the best years in its history, and our fossil plants had their best year for availability and reliability in 10 years. Our commercial businesses include our growing renewable energy portfolio, our international assets in Latin America, our competitive fossil generation and retail sales business in Ohio, and our natural gas generation in the

Midwest. Last year, in total, our commercial businesses increased both earnings and cash flows. In our renewables business, we added just over 360 MW of wind power and ended 2009 with approximately 735 MW in commercial operation. In Latin America, our 4,000 MW of highly contracted hydroelectric and gas plants generated strong cash flows and earnings. In Ohio, the recession drove down wholesale power prices, and competitors set out to undercut our locked-in rates. We met this challenge by launching a strategy to attract customers seeking competitive suppliers with our own competitive retail supplier, Duke Energy Retail Sales. As you would expect, this required us to reduce our margins in order to retain some of our customers. In 2010, we will continue our efforts to mitigate customer switching, as well as position and maximize the value of our Ohio and Midwest businesses in the wholesale generation market. With our sizable investments to modernize our energy infrastructure, capital is our lifeblood. Thanks to our strong balance sheet, we had remarkable access to the capital markets. We issued $3.75 billion of fixed-rate debt at an average 5.2 percent interest rate in 2009. Over the past two years, we issued more than $7 billion of fixed-rate debt at favorable rates and terms, and $600 million of equity through our dividend reinvestment plan (DRIP) and other internal plans. At year-end, our debt to total capitalization ratio was 44 percent, and we maintained our investmentgrade corporate credit ratings. Due to our employees' extraordinary efforts last year, we exceeded our 2009 employee incentive target by 2 cents, earning $1.22 per share on an adjusted diluted basis. Reported diluted earnings per share (EPS) were 83 cents for 2009. Our total shareholder return--the change in stock price plus dividends--was up 22 percent for the year. That compares favorably with the Philadelphia Utility Index (made up of 20 peer companies, including Duke Energy), which was up only 10 percent in 2009. Over the past three years, Duke Energy has achieved a positive 4 percent shareholder return, while the utility index dropped nearly 5 percent. Even though our adjusted earnings have been essentially flat over the last three years, we grew our dividend an average of approximately 4 percent each year during this period. The one area where we didn't meet expectations is employee and contractor safety. After a fatality-free 2008, we suffered three contractor deaths in 2009. This reminds us of the hazards involved in bringing energy to millions of

6

Duke EnergY CORPORATION / 2009 ANNUAL REPORT

comparison of 2009 total shareholder return (12 months ended Dec. 31, 2009)

26% 22% 10%
duke energy corporation philadelphia stock exchange utility sector index s&P 500 index

Our total shareholder return--the change in stock price plus dividends--was up 22 percent for the year. That compares favorably with the Philadelphia Utility Index (made up of 20 peer companies, including Duke Energy), which was up only 10 percent in 2009. Over the past three years, Duke Energy has achieved a positive 4 percent shareholder return, while the utility index dropped nearly 5 percent.

people. Even though our injury rate trended to the lowest it's ever been, any injuries or fatalities are unacceptable. I have challenged all of our employees and contractors to redouble their efforts in this area. For the fourth year in a row, Duke Energy was named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for North American companies in the electric utility sector. Early in 2010, Corporate Knights magazine named us one of the 100 most sustainable companies in the world. And, in March 2010, we were named one of the 100 Best Corporate Citizens for the second consecutive year by Corporate Responsibility (CR) magazine. I invite you to review our 2009|2010 Sustainability Report, available on www.duke-energy.com, to learn more about our commitment to do business in ways that are good for people, the planet and profits.

In 2010, we will need to fund about $3.5 billion to complete our construction programs and address the negative cash flow impacts of the ongoing economic downturn. Externally, we expect to issue approximately $2.3 billion in new debt securities and raise approximately $400 million of new equity through our DRIP and other internal stock plans. The remainder will come from the utilization of cash we realized from prefunding some of our 2010 financing needs in 2009. The equity we plan to issue will help maintain our strong balance sheet. We are committed to growing the dividend, but at a slower rate than our growth in earnings. Over time, our payout ratio will trend downward to levels more consistent with our industry peers. Subject to board approval, we estimate a 2 percent dividend increase in 2010.

2010 OUTLOOK
In the latter half of 2009, it seemed that the economy might be stabilizing. However, with double-digit unemployment in several of our jurisdictions, we expect economic growth for the next few years to be anemic. Our 2009 year-end results and our current economic projections lead us to a 2010 earnings outlook range of $1.25 to $1.30 EPS on an adjusted diluted basis. This range puts us on track to grow long-term adjusted diluted EPS at a compound annual growth rate of 4 to 6 percent, from a 2009 base year.

IS THE ENERGY WE PROVIDE AFFORDABLE?
The first question we ask when we consider making a long-term investment to achieve our mission is: Will it provide affordable energy for our customers? Given our long lead times for construction, we must consider both present and future affordability. We are investing today in more efficient coal-fired plants and other technologies to maintain the fuel flexibility of our generation fleet. This will help to mitigate the impact of future price spikes for any one fuel, and smooth out customer bills. Replacing some of our oldest coal-fired

Duke EnergY CORPORATION / 2009 ANNUAL REPORT

7

L e t t e r t o S ta k e h o ld e r s

(continued)

plants with new, efficient and lower-emitting coal units makes economic sense because of our nation's vast supply of affordable and reliable coal. Our 825-MW Cliffside advanced coal project in North Carolina is about 55 percent complete. We call this a "bridge plant" because when the new advanced-technology generating unit is finished in 2012, it will begin to replace a total of 1,000 MW of older, higher-emitting coal units, which we will retire from service. In Indiana, our 630-MW Edwardsport integrated gasification combined-cycle plant is about 50 percent complete. This is one of the cleanest, largest and most advanced coal gasification projects in the world. When completed in 2012, it will replace 160 MW of older and higher-emitting generation that is more than half a century old. We are investing $17 million to study carbon capture at the site. We are also proposing to spend $42 million for the first phase of site selection and characterization studies for the permanent underground storage of up to 60 percent of the plant's carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions. Additionally, we are building two very efficient 620-MW combined-cycle natural gas-fired plants at two existing coalfired power plant sites in North Carolina. When completed in 2011 and 2012, these cleaner-burning units will leverage our ability to use growing supplies of domestic natural gas. They will also enable the retirement of about 250 MW of older coal-fired units as part of the 1,000 MW referenced above. Another component of our modernization strategy includes investments in a more efficient electric grid to improve future reliability and to promote end-use energy efficiency. I will discuss more about that below.

if our rates had kept up with inflation, our 1991 residential base rate of 7.1 cents per kilowatt-hour (kWh) would be nearly 11.2 cents per kWh today. With the recently approved rate increase, the average residential customer will pay about 9.2 cents per kWh, well below the national average of nearly 11.8 cents per kWh for residential customers. To be able to provide customers with affordable power, we must seek and obtain constructive regulatory solutions in all five of our state jurisdictions. As we are granted timely recovery of our construction costs and expenses, and fair returns on our equity capital, we will be able to raise new capital at competitive and fair costs. Our regulatory framework to expand energy efficiency will also help to reduce energy costs, while earning fair returns for our investors.

New partnerships to advance affordable power
To accelerate the development of cleaner and more affordable coal technologies, we are sharing research and experience with U.S. partners, such as the Electric Power Research Institute (EPRI), an independent, nonprofit organization of scientists, engineers and other electricity experts from around the world. Last year, we entered into agreements with China's Huaneng Group and ENN Group, two of the nation's largest energy providers. We will work jointly to develop an array of clean energy technologies, not only carbon capture and storage, but also renewable energy, smart grid and battery storage. Like the United States, China has enormous coal reserves and huge potential for the permanent underground storage of CO2. These ventures, along with our EPRI collaboration, will allow us to scale up and commercialize new technologies more rapidly, and at less cost. Nuclear is the only baseload generation that has zero greenhouse gas emissions. We continue to pursue plans, including potential regional partnerships, to develop a new 2,234-MW nuclear power plant, the William States Lee III Nuclear Station, in Cherokee County, S.C. If approved, the plant could come on line in the 2021 time frame. Bringing new nuclear energy capacity to the Midwest will help diversify that region's dependence on coal. Last year, we created the Southern Ohio Clean Energy Park Alliance to explore development of a nuclear power plant at a U.S. Department of Energy site in southern Ohio. Both nuclear ventures will help us achieve important economic and policy goals, and maintain our strategic flexibility. However, we will proceed with these projects only if we can be assured of constructive rules that allow us to recover our costs and earn fair returns.

Constructive capital recovery
As a regulated utility, our only vehicle for earning on our plant and grid investments is the recovery of capital and earning a return on equity that regulators allow through our electric rates. The rate settlements we reached last year with nearly all of the parties in four of our five jurisdictions are prime examples of our work to achieve constructive regulatory outcomes for our customers and investors alike. We also successfully continued the ongoing construction work in progress (CWIP) recovery of financing costs for our Edwardsport cleaner-coal project in Indiana. Given the state of the economy, it's not easy asking for rate increases. But keep in mind, in the Carolinas alone, we have not raised our nonfuel base rates in those states since 1991, and our rates remain competitive for our customers and for the communities we serve. For instance, in North Carolina,

8

Duke EnergY CORPORATION / 2009 ANNUAL REPORT

IS THE ENERGY WE PROVIDE RELIABLE?
The next question we ask in meeting our mission is: Will the investments we make deliver reliable energy? Reliability depends on how electricity is delivered. Modernizing our transmission and distribution grid is key to improving reliability. That's why we plan to invest up to $1 billion over five years to begin the conversion of our power delivery system into an advanced, state-of-the-art "smart grid."

Smart grid benefits
A smarter grid will create a digital, two-way information exchange between us and our customers. It will transform today's century-old power delivery system into an advanced energy network that delivers electricity and energy usage information.

Today's analog meters give us just 12 data points per year--the after-the-fact monthly usage, which generates the monthly bill. Smart meters will provide us and our customers more than 9,000 data points every year. Armed with this new information, we will be able to make more accurate load forecasts and reduce our costs by better balancing supply and demand. But that's only the beginning of the story. Because smart meters will send information back to us, we'll know sooner when and where power outages occur. We'll be able to remotely identify trouble spots and restore service faster. In some cases, power outages will be avoided altogether due to the smart grid's "self healing" capability. Intelligent sensors and switches will automatically identify, isolate and "cure" power line problems. Today, we know that service is disrupted only when a customer calls to report the outage.

s trategic focus

 regulated operations
Q: Why is operational excellence significant for meeting financial goals? A: Operating our plants and system
with high availability and efficiency, while also providing excellent service at affordable rates, is necessary to build customer satisfaction and regulatory support. Our commitment to operational excellence demonstrates our discipline in allocating capital to achieve top-tier performance.

Q:How will your modernization strategy lead to revenue and earnings growth?
A: This strategy is based on investing capital today to replace older, inefficient and higher-emitting fossil generating plants, and to build a smarter grid to help us prepare for a lower-carbon, cleaner-energy future. This prudent investment of capital will increase our rate base and, with constructive regulation, it will lead to revenue and earnings growth. Q: Why are you investing significant capital in new power plants when load growth has fallen? A: We build plants to meet the
long-term needs of our customers. Although the recessionary economy has impacted our near-term load, we must prepare for the future when demand growth returns. Regardless of the recession, we will need additional capacity to meet our peak demand in the future. In both the Carolinas and the Midwest, we have not built a new baseload power plant since the 1980s. The new cleaner-coal and gas-fired generating units we are building will replace the older fossil plants we anticipate retiring over the next decade.

Q: How do you intend to achieve constructive regulatory outcomes? A: We have a track record of
recovering our investments through regulatory proceedings with an approach that balances the needs of all of our stakeholders--and involves all parties in negotiations to reach constructive settlements. Our current focus is to build support for closing the gap between the time we invest and the time it takes to recover our investment.

Q: Are you identifying other revenues beyond your traditional business? A: We are working to grow revenues
outside the traditional electric sales business. These new sources include energy efficiency products and services, wholesale origination (supplying power to rural electric co-ops and municipalities) and our economic development efforts.

Duke EnergY CORPORATION / 2009 ANNUAL REPORT

9

L e t t e r t o S ta k e h o ld e r s

(continued)

Our smart grid is also critical for meeting the power needs of plug-in hybrid electric and all-electric vehicles. To better understand these game-changing technologies, we are joining FPL Group to invest a combined $600 million with the goal that 100 percent of all new fleet vehicles purchased will be plug-in electric vehicles or plug-in hybrid electric vehicles by 2020. We also foresee great potential for job creation, as our nation builds the new recharging infrastructure for these vehicles. Through the end of 2009, we had invested approximately $90 million to deploy limited-scale smart grid projects. We continue to pursue smart grid deployments in North Carolina, South Carolina, Kentucky and Indiana. In December 2008, we received approval from the Public

Utilities Commission of Ohio to move forward with full-scale deployment. After conducting successful pilot programs in 2009, we expect to install 140,000 smart electric and gas meters and other associated technologies in 2010. Our Ohio deployment will grow to more than 1 million smart meters and other components installed over the next five years. We are recovering these investments through an annual rate tracker in Ohio. In 2009, the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) awarded us $200 million under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act to support our smart grid projects in the Midwest, and another $4 million toward our smart grid efforts in the Carolinas. We continue to work with the DOE on finalizing the terms of the grant contract.

s trategic focus

 COMMERCIAL BUSINESSES

Q: What is the value proposition for your commercial businesses, and how do they grow earnings and cash flow?
A: Our commercial businesses consist of: Midwest Generation, Renewables and Duke Energy International (DEI). Combined, these businesses provide diverse geographic, technological and fuelsourcing advantages. This diversity is key to generating strong cash flows and earnings. Q: What is the Midwest Generation strategy? A: Midwest Generation includes
about 4,000 megawatts (MW) of predominantly coal-fired generation plants that currently are dedicated to Duke Energy Ohio customers, and about 3,600 MW of gas-fired plants located in Ohio and other Midwestern states that serve wholesale markets. This is a mature business that has historically provided good cash flows and earnings. In Ohio, generation is deregulated, which allows retail customers to switch to alternative suppliers. In 2009, we mitigated this threat by launching a strategy to attract customers through our own retail supplier. We expect this business to continue focusing on producing strong cash flows and solid returns. We don't anticipate investing growth capital in this business over the next several years, and we'll carefully manage our operating and maintenance expenses. 2010. Over the past two years, we have created solar photovoltaic, biomass and commercial transmission businesses. Like our wind business, the output from these projects will be highly contracted with creditworthy partners. Near-term growth in renewables will be driven by favorable federal and state public policy, including renewable portfolio standards and tax credits.

Q: What is the Renewables strategy? A: We launched our Renewables
business in 2007 with investments in wind energy. We now have approximately 735 MW of operating wind projects in Texas, Wyoming and Pennsylvania, and we expect to have nearly 1,000 MW of commercial wind power in operation by the end of

Q: What is the International strategy? A: DEI consists of predominantly
hydroelectric generation assets in Brazil, and a combination of hydro and fossil generation in Peru and other Latin American countries. DEI provides diverse and consistent earnings growth. Our strategy is to reinvest internally generated capital into growth projects that fit our business model and meet our return expectations.

10

Duke EnergY CORPORATION / 2009 ANNUAL REPORT

Energy efficiency: A business model for the 21st century
The smart grid will become an important enabler for more efficient energy use. It complements our goal to level the playing field between incentives in place to promote new plants and incentives needed to promote energy efficiency investments. Most utilities today continue to operate under regulatory frameworks created decades ago that reward them for building new power plants and distribution systems. They lack incentives to invest in end-use energy efficiency. Our energy efficiency plan takes steps toward creating a framework that will allow us to earn a return on the costs of new construction that we avoid due to the expansion of end-use efficiency innovations. Over time, the growth in energy efficiency programs is expected to smooth out the demand for energy, making our demand less "peaky" (less generation needed to meet peak loads). As a result, customers' overall energy costs would be reduced. The cost of these programs will be recovered through a nominal energy efficiency rate rider included in the monthly energy bill. First approved in Ohio in December 2008, our energy efficiency framework was approved last year in North Carolina, and in early 2010 in South Carolina and Indiana. In Kentucky, we are evaluating a filing in late 2010.

Regulated renewables portfolio
Investing in renewable energy diversifies our fuel mix and reduces our carbon footprint. In 2009, we were active on many fronts to increase our renewable power portfolio. To gain experience with the design, construction and maintenance of distributed solar generation on our system, last year we received approval from the North Carolina Utilities Commission to construct solar power systems on multiple customer properties. We brought our first system under this program on line in early 2010--a 1-MW system with more than 5,200 solar panels on the roof of a large manufacturing facility in North Carolina. We are on track to construct a total of 8 MW of solar power systems by the end of 2010. That is enough generating capacity to power about 1,300 average-sized homes annually. Last year, North Carolina's policymakers put incentives in place to support the creation of a state offshore wind industry. As a result, we announced plans to construct up to three offshore wind turbines to be sited in state waters inside North Carolina's Outer Banks. We are partnering with the University of North Carolina on this initiative, which could be the first wind turbines operating offshore in the United States. In addition to the direct investments we are making to own solar and wind power in our regulated business, we are also exploring blending wood chips with coal as a supplemental fuel source that could reduce coal usage at our existing power plants. We have conducted successful trials of this process, known as biomass cofiring, and we are developing plans to make it a major part of our renewable energy portfolio. We also continue to increase the amount of renewable energy in our regulated portfolio through power purchase agreements. In recent years, we have entered into contracts to buy more than 170 MW of renewable energy, including wind, solar, hydroelectric and landfill gas.

IS THE ENERGY WE PROVIDE CLEAN?
Finally, to realize our mission we ask: Will the investments we make provide cleaner energy? Cleaner energy includes our investments in new, more efficient and lower-emitting coal- and gas-fired power plants, as well as the approximately $5 billion we have invested over the last decade to significantly reduce sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxide emissions from our existing coal fleet. We are also making significant investments in renewable energy in both our regulated and commercial businesses. Including our renewables investments, our nuclear fleet in the Carolinas and our hydroelectric assets in North America and South America, we are now the third largest producer of carbon-free electricity in the Americas among U.S.-based, investor-owned utilities. And we continue to reduce our carbon intensity, which is the amount of CO2 emitted per unit of electricity produced. Based on the latest available 2008 data, of the 20 largest U.S.-based, investor-owned utilities, we rank 10th in carbon intensity. In 2007, we ranked ninth.

Commercial renewables business
Our commercial renewables business has initially been focused on land-based wind energy, currently the most economical renewable power source. By the end of 2010, we expect to have nearly 1,000 MW of commercial wind power in operation. We have been very successful in bringing new wind projects on line ahead of schedule and under budget. These projects are backed by long-term contracts with creditworthy partners--a low-risk approach that we are also applying to solar, biomass and new transmission projects.

Duke EnergY CORPORATION / 2009 ANNUAL REPORT

11

L e t t e r t o S ta k e h o ld e r s

(continued)

In January 2010, we announced our first commercial photovoltaic solar venture, the Blue Wing Solar Project in San Antonio, Texas. This 14-MW, 139-acre solar photovoltaic farm includes a 30-year power purchase agreement with San Antonio-based CPS Energy, one of the largest municipal utilities in the United States. Our solar strategy also involves joint development of commercial projects in the United States with China-based ENN Group. Last year, the U.S. Department of Energy awarded us a matching grant worth $22 million to design, build and install one of the nation's first demonstrations of energy storage at our 153-MW Notrees wind farm in Texas. If it proves to be cost-effective, we could adopt similar storage solutions at some of our other power plants. Also in 2009, ADAGE, the biopower company we own with AREVA, began the permitting process to build two 55-MW carbon-neutral biomass plants in Florida that will generate electricity by burning wood waste. In early 2010, ADAGE and John Deere announced an alliance for collecting, bundling and transporting wood debris from regional logging operations in western Washington to fuel a proposed 55-MW biomass power plant in that region.

Finally, we became the lead investor in GreenTrees, a program that aims to offset carbon emissions through the reforestation of 1 million acres in the southeastern United States. Our initial investment funded the planting of more than 1 million trees on approximately 1,700 acres in Arkansas.

WHAT IF WE'RE WRONG ABOUT CLIMATE CHANGE?
I have described our strategy for providing our customers with affordable, reliable and cleaner energy. But what if we're wrong about the imperative to reduce CO2 and other greenhouse gas emissions? That is the subject of a high-profile debate, as the integrity of scientific research supporting the threat of climate change continues to be scrutinized. I have thought about this long and hard. What if we are dead wrong? Would the course we've charted for our company and our customers be misguided? Would we change our plans if it were unlikely that Congress or the EPA would ever regulate carbon emissions? My answer is "no."

s trategic focus

 Financial strength
We have the greatest flexibility in allocating our discretionary capital. Our 2010 plan includes $200 million of growth capital that has not yet been designated to specific projects. Additionally, we have broad ranges for discretionary spending in 2011 and 2012, the years in which we will be deploying more capital to complete the fleet and grid modernization projects in our regulated operations. As we demonstrated in 2009, we have the flexibility to increase or decrease this discretionary spending as the environment dictates.

Q:How will Duke Energy maintain its financial strength?
A: Our financial objectives include growing our earnings and dividends, allocating capital efficiently and earning competitive returns, while maintaining the strength of our balance sheet. Our financial strategy supports our historical focus of providing affordable, reliable and increasingly clean energy to our customers, while earning good returns for our investors. Q: How do you balance short-term economic pressures with the long-term investments needed to meet the needs of your customers, and achieve business growth? A: We achieve that balance by maintaining flexibility in our allocation and spending of capital. In 2010, about $3 billion is committed to building our two cleaner-coal plants and two gas plants in our regulated operations, and renewable wind and solar projects being built under long-term contracts in our commercial businesses. About $2 billion is allocated for customer additions and maintenance costs. In the short term, we have some flexibility on the timing of this spend.

12

Duke EnergY CORPORATION / 2009 ANNUAL REPORT

Even without carbon regulation, we would still need to complete our Cliffside and Edwardsport advanced coal projects and our two natural gas-fired plants in North Carolina, and pursue the nuclear option. Why? Because we will have to replace nearly every power plant we operate today by 2050, due to normal aging and technological obsolescence. Why now? Because we must meet our clean energy aspirations and build a flexible generation portfolio that includes all fuel sources. Modernizing our fleet now gives us and our customers the flexibility to respond to unpredictable and ever-changing fuel prices. We simply cannot rely on renewable energy for most of our power. Wind and solar power are intermittent. As such, they are not as reliable and affordable as baseload plants. Advances in electricity storage technology will continue to make renewables more reliable. Meanwhile, coal-fired plants, nuclear plants and even hydroelectric plants can provide power 24/7, as long as fuel is available. Furthermore, renewables can lead to energy sprawl, impacting natural habitats and the wildlife that depend on them. Baseload plants have a much smaller footprint, given their land used per unit of energy generated. These are some of the trade-offs we must consider as we continue to work to reduce our carbon footprint. If we're not wrong about carbon and the scientific consensus continues to be that climate change is a very real risk, then our investments will have positioned our company to be a world leader in cleaner energy.

of different viewpoints on topics important to our company and our industry.

DELIVERING ON OUR MISSION
I want to thank all of our employees for maintaining our operational excellence and for delivering superior results for our customers, investors and the communities we serve during an especially challenging year. And I want to thank you, our investors, for your support and loyalty. We remain committed to earning good returns for you on your investments. On behalf of all of our stakeholders, I also thank our board of directors, who provided important insight and counsel during this period of unprecedented uncertainty. I especially want to thank Dudley Taft, president and CEO of Taft Broadcasting Co., who is retiring from our board in 2010. Dudley has been a director of Duke Energy and its predecessor companies since 1985. In his 25 years of dedicated service on our board, he has been a significant contributor to our continued growth and success. We will miss his business acumen, and his direct and practical approach to finding workable solutions. We wish him well in his retirement. Last year, we welcomed John Forsgren and Jim Reinsch to our board. John is the retired vice chairman, executive vice president and chief financial officer of Northeast Utilities. He has 35 years of corporate finance experience. Jim is the retired senior vice president and partner of Bechtel Group, and past president of Bechtel Nuclear. He has more than 37 years of nuclear experience. John and Jim bring a wealth of knowledge and experience to an already strong board. Although there is nothing simple about delivering affordable, reliable and clean energy, we are committed to continue delivering on that mission and balancing the needs of all of our stakeholders. We never know what the future will be, but we can anticipate it by looking around the corner and over the horizon. That focus gives us great clarity about what we must do to honor our commitments--today and tomorrow.

Repowering our states and creating jobs
Our strategy is also to bolster our local economies and build a solid economic base for future business. Between our Cliffside and Edwardsport projects, two of the largest capital projects under way in their states, approximately 4,000 construction workers are employed. The two North Carolina gas plants represent about another 1,000 construction jobs. The proposed nuclear power plants in South Carolina and Ohio would create an estimated 7,000 peak construction jobs combined--not to mention the hundreds of high-paying permanent jobs and the ongoing contributions to the local communities' tax base once these facilities are operating.

Shedding a Light
To stay informed or to join the conversation on these and other key energy issues, I invite you to visit our new issues-oriented Web site, www.sheddingalight.org. At Shedding a Light, you will find information and a variety James E. Rogers Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 15, 2010

Duke EnergY CORPORATION / 2009 ANNUAL REPORT

13

