A LETTER FROM OUR CEO

Lynn Good Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

l

Dear stakeholders:

On behalf of the 28,000 men and women of Duke Energy, I am proud to report that we achieved what we set out to do in 2013. We also made headway in preparing for the future.
In the last nine months since being named CEO, I have met with customers, investors, regulators, policymakers and civic leaders at the local, state and national levels. I've also met with thousands of Duke Energy employees across our six states in the Southeast and Midwest, and in our commercial businesses. While each group has a different set of issues they care about, they all want to know what is ahead for our company. They ask questions that quickly get to the heart of their concerns and interests ­ whether it's about a company policy, a community initiative, an environmental issue or our long-term strategy for investment and growth. As the largest electric utility in the nation, we have strengths of scale, diversity and expertise, backed by an exceptional record of accomplishment and service. But, of course, we don't have all the answers. That's why I always learn from these conversations, particularly the most candid and even uncomfortable ones. They build understanding, trust and opportunities for collaboration ­ often leading to better ideas. Duke Energy has been learning and adapting throughout its 110-year history, including disruptive periods in the utility industry. We have adjusted to changes in technologies, fuel prices, regulations, economic conditions and consumer behavior. Today, our industry faces a

2013 ANNUAL REPORT 1

l

``

Lighting the way reflects our commitment to confront the future in a way that strengthens relationships, anticipates change and seizes new opportunities."
­ supporting a population of approximately 21 million people. By the end of 2013, we had successfully accomplished our goals in our regulated utility business, which represents 85 to 90 percent of Duke Energy's total adjusted earnings. Placing in service the new Sutton combinedcycle natural gas plant in North Carolina in November capped a decade-long $9 billion generation fleet modernization program. Over this decade, we added about 6,600 megawatts of more efficient, cleaner-burning plants. These new power stations are enabling us to retire a similar amount of old, less-efficient generating capacity fueled by coal and oil. In June, we put our $3.5 billion Edwardsport plant in Indiana into commercial service. This power station is the world's largest of its kind and one of the cleanest coal plants ever built. It gasifies coal, strips out pollutants and burns the synthetic gas to produce electricity. After rigorous testing and tuning, Edwardsport should reach its full capabilities later this year. We also achieved constructive settlements and approvals in five base rate cases across

new convergence of trends: flat-to-low growth in demand; new environmental and safety regulations; more complex customer expectations; and the rise of distributed generation sources. Our size doesn't guarantee success. In fact, we have to be creative and work hard to demonstrate that big can also mean agile, flexible and innovative. The theme of our report, Lighting the way, reflects our commitment to confront the future in a way that strengthens relationships, anticipates change and seizes new opportunities. Our path forward will be built on a foundation of doing what we say we will do.

ACCOMPLISHING WHAT WE SET OUT TO DO
After our July 2012 merger with Progress Energy, we knew we needed to concentrate on the immediate priorities in our regulated utility business. Our utilities serve 7.2 million 7.2 MILLION retail electric customers retail electric customers in North Carolina, South Carolina, Florida, Indiana, Ohio and Kentucky, as well as 500,000 natural gas customers in Ohio and Kentucky

2 DUKE ENERGY

l

MET OUR 2013 GOALS:

Completed a $9 billion plant modernization program Put Edwardsport clean coal plant into service Achieved constructive rate case settlements and approvals

Met merger-integration and cost-savings milestones Resolved Crystal River Nuclear Plant future Achieved our financial objectives

our jurisdictions to reflect modernizing our system for customers. These regulatory outcomes will create about $600 million in incremental annualized revenues, while still keeping our overall electricity prices below the national average. We met our merger-related milestones as well. By the end of 2013, we had exceeded our target for fuel and joint-dispatch savings, realizing about $190 million in cumulative savings for our Carolinas customers. We also exceeded our merger target of 5 to 7 percent in nonfuel operating and maintenance expense savings. This puts us on pace to deliver about 9 percent, or $550 million, in savings in 2014. Another major accomplishment was resolving the future of the damaged Crystal River nuclear unit in Florida. In early 2013, after considerable analysis, we decided to retire the plant rather than attempt a costly, uncertain repair. In October, Florida regulators approved a constructive regulatory agreement that provides for cost recovery and a framework to meet Florida's future energy needs.

BEING ACCOUNTABLE TO OUR COMMUNITIES
Nothing is more important to us than maintaining the public's trust in Duke Energy. That's why we acted quickly after the February 2014 break in a stormwater pipe at one of our coal ash basins in North Carolina, which resulted in a release of ash into the Dan River. We mobilized hundreds of employees, contractors and experts to the site. We permanently sealed the pipe, and government testing confirmed that public drinking water supplies remain safe. We are accountable for this accident and are working closely with the affected communities. In coordination with state and federal agencies, we will do what it takes to address the impact on the river. We are learning from this event and are looking for ways to improve the management of coal ash at all our sites.

BUILDING A STRONG FINANCIAL TRACK RECORD
We are committed to maintaining investor confidence in our long-cycle, capitalintensive business. This ensures we can

2013 ANNUAL REPORT 3

l

TOTAL SHAREHOLDER RETURN*
One year:

S&P 500 Index

13
11%

Duke Energy Corporation

access debt and equity markets to raise competitively priced capital that is needed to fulfill our obligations to customers today and years from now. In 2013, Duke Energy delivered $4.35 in adjusted diluted earnings per share, in the middle of our guidance range. We achieved a total shareholder return of 13 percent for 2013, outperforming the Philadelphia Utility Index (UTY) return of 11 percent. We also outperformed the UTY for the last three-, five- and 10-year periods. A growing dividend is central to our investor value 87TH YEAR proposition. In 2013, we of quarterly dividend increased the dividend payments approximately 2 percent, the ninth consecutive year of dividend increases and the 87th consecutive year of paying a quarterly dividend. In 2014, we expect to reach our long-term target dividend payout ratio of 65 to 70 percent. We improved our credit profile after entering 2013 with an already strong balance sheet. The three major credit-rating agencies

%

Philadelphia Utility Index

32.4%
Three years:

S&P 500 Index

14.3
9.6%

Duke Energy Corporation

%

Philadelphia Utility Index

16.2%
Five years:

S&P 500 Index

14.8%
Philadelphia Utility Index

Duke Energy Corporation

17.9%

8.9%

* For the periods ended December 31, 2013

4 DUKE ENERGY

l

STRONG OPERATIONAL RESULTS, YEAR AFTER YEAR:
Safety: Reduced serious injuries by 34 percent and achieved the lowest total injury rate in our history. Generation: Achieved
a combined nuclear fleet capacity factor above 90 percent for the 15th year in a row.

Reliability: Met the operational challenges of record-breaking winter weather in 2014.

improved their outlooks for Duke Energy or our various utility subsidiaries throughout the year as we made progress in resolving business challenges. These strong ratings keep financing costs low so we can maintain competitive prices for customers. Our objective is to achieve between 4 to 6 percent growth in annual adjusted diluted earnings per share through 2016, off a 2013 base. This growth will largely come from our regulated utility business, supplemented by important contributions from our commercial businesses. This includes further investments in our commercial renewable energy portfolio and our international business. Duke Energy's international business is a significant contributor to earnings and cash flow. In December, we returned $750 million of offshore cash from this business and used it to further strengthen our balance sheet. In 2014, we are undertaking a strategic review to determine how best to position these international assets for optimal cash flow and future growth, consistent with the growth in our regulated business.

In February 2014, we announced that we are beginning a process to exit our Midwest commercial generation business. The volatility in this merchant generation market does not fit our investor profile. We expect to complete the transaction in 2015 and the proceeds to be accretive to adjusted earnings per share. We remain committed to our regulated utilities in the Midwest and the more than 2 million customers we serve.

MEETING THE 24/7 OPERATIONAL CHALLENGE
Achieving strong safety and operational results in all our businesses creates a foundation for success for Duke Energy and all those who depend on us. Overall, we had outstanding performance in 2013, which enabled us to provide safe, reliable and affordable energy. Safety is an ingrained part of how we operate the company. In 2013, we achieved the lowest total injury incident rate in our history, and reduced serious injuries by 34 percent, to a record low rate. Tragically, however, one employee and two contractors lost their lives in work-related accidents. Our goal is for everyone to return home safely each day.

2013 ANNUAL REPORT 5

l

REALIZING MERGER BENEFITS:

Achieving significant benefits for both our customers and investors was a major driver of the 2012 merger between Duke Energy and Progress Energy. We are on track to deliver $687 million in fuel and joint-dispatch savings over five years for our Carolinas customers. We also expect to achieve about $550 million in nonfuel operating and maintenance expense savings in 2014, which helps hold down future rate increases for all our customers.

Our nuclear fleet of 11 units achieved a combined capacity factor of 92.8 percent in 2013, our 15th consecutive year above 90 percent. During the critical months of June through August, when low-cost power was needed most to meet summer load, the fleet capacity factor was 99.7 percent. Two nuclear units set continuous-operation records exceeding 500 days. Our fossil fleet of mostly coal and combined-cycle natural gas plants also performed well, achieving a forced outage rate of 3.5 percent in 2013, building on our improving trend since 2010. Thanks to fleet modernization and joint dispatch, Duke Energy is taking advantage of the lower natural gas prices driven by the U.S. shale gas revolution. Our integrated power system in the Carolinas provides greater flexibility to adapt to the new dynamics of coal and natural gas prices. Our power delivery team is achieving high reliability levels, even in the face of extreme weather events in 2013 and early this year. In June 2013, high-speed winds moved across the Carolinas, downing trees

and power lines, and causing outages for about 700,000 customers. With advance planning and our scale that enables rapid mobilization of line crews, including our Midwest RAPID and Florida teams, we mobilization of line crews restored power to more than 90 percent of these customers within the first 36 hours. Similar heroic responses occurred in November when tornadoes and wind shears struck Indiana and Ohio. In January 2014, waves of severe arctic cold led to record peak energy demands on Duke Energy's system everywhere but Florida. Team planning and the resilience of our integrated generation and delivery system paid off. With few exceptions, we kept the power flowing to our customers throughout this period. Then in February, our utility crews from throughout our regions worked together to meet the challenge of the Carolinas' worst winter storm in a decade. This record-breaking storm affected more than 900,000 customers.

6 DUKE ENERGY

l

l

Alec Sheaff and Blain Atkins at our Fuels and Systems Optimization floor · Charlotte, North Carolina

BRIDGING THE PAST AND FUTURE
The diligence, achievements and lessons learned from the past give us confidence to plan for a complex, uncertain future. As we consider the trends reshaping the utility industry, here are three strategic responses that light our way forward.

reducing costs by approximately 20 percent. We're also integrating systems and sharing resources across our operations to achieve additional savings. With our larger scale, we're achieving significant supply chain benefits as we renegotiate contracts for materials, equipment and services. More than ever, we view cost management and financial discipline as a strategic priority that demands rigorous attention and new approaches throughout the organization. In visiting work sites, from nuclear maintenance teams to the Toddville oil reclamation shop, I love seeing the "ownership mentality" ­ the daily commitment to managing resources to hold down the prices our customers pay and to support the company's profitability goals. Increasingly, employees closest to the work are identifying more efficient ways to operate our business. As a result of these and other efforts, we plan to hold our nonfuel operating and maintenance expenses flat through 2016, offsetting inflation and emerging costs.

Leading with productivity and new efficiencies: Since 2007, U.S. per capita electricity use has been declining because of more energy-efficient building codes, appliances and lighting systems; the 20072009 economic recession; utility-sponsored efficiency programs; and the continued focus on cutting energy expenses in homes and businesses. At the same time, utilities face additional costs from upgrading aging infrastructure and complying with new regulations for plant emissions, nuclear safety and grid security.
Duke Energy's response to this squeeze of lower growth and higher costs is to redouble our efforts to be efficient and productive. This was part of the rationale behind the 2012 merger. Since then, we have consolidated the corporate centers,

2013 ANNUAL REPORT 7

l

OUR SENIOR LEADERSHIP TEAM:

Embracing new technologies and customer relationships: We're also shedding greater light on the intersection of new technologies and customer expectations. Customers for decades have expected high reliability of electric service at a low price because it is an essential service that underpins their quality of life and our modern economy.
Thanks to new digital tools, consumers increasingly want greater control and choice in how they manage energy consumption and interact with their utilities. That is why Duke Energy has initiated efforts to improve the customer experience and strengthen our role as a trusted energy partner. This includes modernizing the power grid with digital 1 MILLION technologies. Recently, smart meters in Ohio we installed our 1 millionth smart meter in Ohio. This new technology helps customers make more efficient use of energy and paves the way for new products and services. Meanwhile, across the nation, new technologies and nontraditional providers are tapping into the growing consumer interest

in energy management and on-site power generation. North Carolina has become a leading state for solar development, driven by state policies and tax incentives. Since 2007, Duke Energy Renewables has $3 BILLION invested $3 billion in commercial renewable building a commercial energy portfolio renewable energy portfolio. It now owns and operates large utility-scale wind and solar farms in 12 states. And our regulated utilities have committed to approximately $6 billion in contracts to supply renewable energy for our customers. We're also an industry leader in testing large-scale battery storage and other emerging technologies. Duke Energy established a new organization in 2013 to develop renewable energy projects in our regulated utility business. We are also piloting a renewable energy purchase option for energy-intensive customers. Solar energy is important to the energy future of every state we serve, and we want to encourage its development in ways that are fair to all customers.

8 DUKE ENERGY

l

A MESSAGE FROM OUR CEO

From left to right: B. Keith Trent Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer ­ Regulated Utilities, Lee T. Mazzocchi Senior Vice President and Chief Integration and Innovation Officer, Lynn J. Good Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Dhiaa M. Jamil Executive Vice President and President ­ Duke Energy Nuclear, Julie S. Janson Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary, Lloyd M. Yates Executive Vice President ­ Regulated Utilities, Steve K. Young Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Jennifer L. Weber Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer, Marc E. Manly Executive Vice President and President ­ Commercial Businesses

Adapting and growing our business: Despite the national trend of low growth in electricity usage, Duke Energy will continue to grow ­ in part, by deploying capital strategically to address the changing needs of our customers, communities and industry.
New state mechanisms are facilitating needed utility investments and growth opportunities. Recent Indiana legislation encourages upgrading the transmission and distribution grid with more efficient, modern technologies. We expect to invest between $1 billion to $2 billion in improving the Indiana grid over the next seven years. In Florida, a 2013 regulatory agreement supports adding necessary new generating capacity in the next few years. Alternative forms of utility regulation will continue to evolve to reflect systemic changes in our industry. We are also growing our business by forging new partnerships with wholesale customers, primarily municipal and cooperative systems. We've been successful in signing new contracts to supply more of their power needs. In February 2014, we announced exclusive discussions with the North Carolina Eastern

Municipal Power Agency (NCEMPA) to purchase its minority interest in some of our generating plants. If we reach an agreement and secure the necessary approvals, we will enter into a long-term, full-requirements wholesale power contract with NCEMPA. Part of our growth strategy is building on our natural 50,000 NEW households advantage of serving in 2013 attractive markets with growing populations. We gained more than 50,000 new households in our service territories in 2013. We partner with local and state leaders to attract new companies, jobs and capital investment to our communities. Duke Energy helped attract more than $2.9 billion in capital investment last year, representing more than 13,750 jobs. The trends reshaping the utility industry disrupt traditional ways of doing business, and they also create opportunities for companies that anticipate and adjust to change. Based on my observations, I am confident that Duke Energy will successfully adapt to these new realities in ways that benefit our customers and investors.

2013 ANNUAL REPORT 9

l

``

Despite all that will be different in the years ahead, our customers and communities will remain at the heart of who we are and why we're here."
As we anticipate what's next in our industry, I am confident that we will spearhead even greater improvements and will be flexible, collaborative and innovative in response to accelerating change. We will build on our financial track record for investors. Most importantly, we will do everything we can to be the valued, trusted energy provider and partner for the millions of customers we serve and thousands of communities where we live and work. Despite all that will be different in the years ahead, our customers and communities will remain at the heart of who we are and why we're here.

THIS MUCH IS CLEAR TO ME
The men and women of Duke Energy are fiercely dedicated to our 24/7 service mission. When a polar vortex strikes, they work long hours to keep the lights on and families warm. When a community needs help, they roll up their sleeves and pitch in to help. When our company faces complex problems or makes mistakes, they embrace the challenge of overcoming them. I am proud of what they do and grateful for their commitment. I also want to thank our company's senior management team and Board of Directors for their support over the last nine months. They ask probing questions, offer insightful perspectives and keep us moving forward in the right direction. It is extraordinary how far we've come since the July 2012 merger with Progress Energy. In looking back on 2013, I see that it was a bridging year for our company ­ a time of accomplishment, integration and transition. We are achieving greater efficiencies, producing electricity more cleanly and delivering it more reliably.

Lynn J. Good Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 7, 2014

10 DUKE ENERGY

l

