1

CHAIRMAN'S LETTER TO STAKEHOLDERS

James E. Rogers, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

I

Dear fellow customers, investors, employees and all others who have a vested interest in our success -- including our partners, suppliers, policymakers, regulators and communities: n a changing world, our mission is constant: Produce and deliver affordable, reliable and clean energy that benefits our customers, investors, employees and communities. To succeed in this mission, we relentlessly pursue productivity gains in all areas of our business -- especially in the production, delivery and use of electricity. We must deliver results today, while investing for our future. Duke Energy demonstrated this drive with our 2010 results. Just as importantly, we are creating a future that strengthens our ability to be more productive, more efficient and more opportunistic.


DUKE ENERGY CORPORATION / 2010 ANNUAL REPORT

2

CREATING THE LEADING U.S. UTILITY
On January 10, 2011, Duke Energy and Progress Energy announced an agreement to combine their companies. Subject to shareholder and regulatory approval, this merger will create the nation's largest utility, with more than 7 million customers in six service territories. It is targeted to close by the end of 2011.

EXPECTED

CUSTOMER BENEFITS:
 Fuel

EXPECTED

INVESTOR BENEFITS:
 Earnings

EXPECTED

EMPLOYEE BENEFITS:
 Expanded

savings and joint dispatch efficiencies for customers in the Carolinas operating efficiencies, over time, for all regulated customers

accretion in the first year of the merger 1 credit ratings, balance sheet, cash flow, and dividend earnings growth target of 4 to 6 percent 1

career growth opportunities

 Strong

 Improved

 Long-term

OH IN KY NC
DIVERSE SERVICE TERRITORIES

+
KEY MERGER STATISTICS
  DukeProgress Energy EnergyCombined Rank

SC

Market Cap. (billions)

$23.7$12.8$36.5 #1

Electric Customers (millions) 4.03.17.1 #1
Duke Energy Progress Energy

Generation Capacity (gigawatts)35.4 221.8 257.2 2#1 Total Assets (billions) $59$33$92 3#1

FL

Estimated Rate Base (billions) $22$17$39 #1 Regulated Adjusted EBIT Mix 477% 100% 85% N/A

For more, visit www.duke-energy.com/progress-energy-merger.
Notes: All data as of 12/31/2010. 1  Based on adjusted diluted earnings per share. 2  Excludes purchased power. Duke Energy and combined amounts exclude approximately 4 gigawatts (GW) of Duke Energy International assets. 3  Total assets are a summation of the two stand-alone companies and do not include any pro-forma purchase accounting adjustments from this transaction. 4 Earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT); excludes Duke Energy operations labeled as "Other," and Progress Energy operations labeled as "Corporate and Other Businesses."

LETTER TO STAKEHOLDERS (CONTINUED)

3

DELIVERING RESULTS TODAY: A FINANCIAL REPORT CARD
Duke Energy delivered exceptional 2010 results, both financially and operationally. During 2010, we met our financial commitments as we grew earnings, increased the quarterly dividend, and maintained the strength of our balance sheet. Extreme weather boosted sales and earnings during 2010. We ended the year with adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.43, above our original adjusted diluted earnings guidance range of $1.25 to $1.30. The exceptional performance of our fleet and our employees' dedication to delivering high-quality customer service allowed us to capture the value of increased weather-related sales. The company is positioned to achieve a long-term adjusted diluted earnings growth 1 rate of 4 to 6 percent. In 2010, we increased our quarterly cash dividend to shareholders from $0.24 per share to $0.245 per share. We are committed to growing the dividend and have targeted a longterm dividend payout ratio of 65 to 70 percent, based on adjusted diluted earnings per share. In 2010, we continued to focus on maintaining the strength of our balance sheet. We are taking advantage of TOTAL SHAREHOLDER RETURN historically low interest rates to issue debt to finance our (for periods ending Dec. 31, 2010) modernization programs. Over the past two years, we have  One Year Three Years issued just over $5 billion of fixed-rate debt at an average interest rate of 4.8 percent. These low interest rates will 45% help us mitigate customer rate impacts. Our strong investment-grade credit ratings have stable 30 outlooks with both S&P and Moody's. We had total available liquidity of approximately $3.4 billion at year-end. 15 Our shareholders enjoyed a total return (including dividends and the change in stock price) of 9.5 percent in  0 2010, outperforming the Philadelphia Utility Index, which returned 5.7 percent. Longer term, too, Duke Energy has -15 outperformed the utility index, with cumulative three-year  Duke Energy Corporation returns of 4.7 percent and five-year returns of 44.2 percent, Philadelphia Stock Exchange Utility Sector Index  compared to -15.4 percent and 20.9 percent, respectively, S&P 500 Index for the utility index.

Five Years

INTENDED MERGER WITH PROGRESS ENERGY
In January 2011, we announced our intended merger with Progress Energy. (See Creating the Leading U.S. Utility, Page 2.) Headquartered in Raleigh, N.C., Progress Energy has regulated utility operations in the Carolinas and Florida, with more than 3 million customers. Our combined company will be unsurpassed in size and scale, serving more than 7 million customers with around 57,000 megawatts (MW) of domestic nuclear, coal, hydro and alternative energy generation. We are targeting closing the transaction by the end of 2011, subject to shareholder and regulatory approval. This strategic transaction involves more than just becoming the largest utility. The size and scale of the combined company gives us the ability to achieve efficiencies and effectively manage the transformation occurring in our industry. Additionally, we add an outstanding group of teammates to help navigate the combined company into the future. Over time, we believe that our customers will benefit from productivity gains and that our employees will benefit from increased opportunities. We expect shareholders to realize earnings accretion, based on adjusted diluted earnings per share, in the first year after closing. We are very excited about this transaction. Our combined strength will exceed the strength we have as separate companies. It will allow us to provide benefits to all our
1 From a base of 2009 adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.22. 
DUKE ENERGY CORPORATION / 2010 ANNUAL REPORT

4

OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCE SUPPORTS OUR AFFORDABLE, RELIABLE, CLEAN MISSION
Affordable
COMPARISON OF AVERAGE ELECTRIC RATES
(cents per kilowatt-hour, 12 months ended June 30, 2010)  Duke Energy State Average U.S. Average
12 10 8 6 4 2 0

Our customers expect us to provide them with affordable energy both today and in the future. Given the long lead times needed to build new generation, we carefully make investments to satisfy future demand. Our diverse fuel portfolio reduces commodity price volatility. Currently, Duke Energy offers some of the most competitive electric rates in the United States.

North Carolina

South Carolina

Indiana

Ohio

Kentucky

U.S. Average

Source: Edison Electric Institute Typical Bills and Average Rates Report, June 30, 2010.

Reliable

Our customers expect us to deliver reliable energy. Today's investments to modernize our grid will increase 100 the reliable delivery of energy in the future. The new power 95 today plants we are building will replace older, less efficient ones. Our high oper90helps ational performance ensure that our services are available when needed. In 85 2010, our nuclear fleet set an all-time company capacity record of approximately 95.9 percent.
30

NUCLEAR GENERATION CAPACITY FACTOR
 Duke Energy
100 100% 95 95 90 90 85 85

FOSSIL GENERATION COMMERCIAL AVAILABILITY
 Duke Energy
100 100% 90 90 80 80 70 70 100

Industry Average

90

80

2006

2007

2008

2009

2010

2006

2007

70

2008

2009

2010

Source: Industry average obtained from Nuclear Energy Institute (NEI)

Clean

30

45

45

Our customers want cleaner energy. Over the last 25 decade, we have spent over $5 billion to significantly reduce sulfur dioxide (SO2) and nitrogen 20 oxide (NOx) emissions from our coal fleet. The modern 15 are generating plants we currently building will generate cleaner energy and further reduce emissions. In addition, our investments in wind and solar will help us to promote cleaner energy.

EMISSIONS FROM GENERATION
(in 25 thousand tons) SO2 Emissions NOx Emissions
1,000 20 800
15 600

EMISSIONS INTENSITY
(pounds 35 emitted per net MWh 35 of generation) SO2 Intensity NOx Intensity
12 25 10 8 15 6 4 2
15 25

400 200 0

2006

2007

2008

2009

2010

0

2006

2007

2008

2009

2010

Note: SO2 and NOx reported from U.S. electric generation based on ownership share of generating assets.

LETTER TO STAKEHOLDERS (CONTINUED)

5

stakeholders -- our customers, investors, employees, and the communities in which we work and live. Integration planning has begun so that we can ensure a smooth transition and increase productivity gains in all aspects of our business. At the same time, we will continue to focus on execution of our 2011 financial and operational objectives as a stand-alone company.

RELIABLE PERFORMANCE
Our fleet and grid performed admirably in 2010. Confronted with record-breaking temperatures -- both winter and summer -- Duke's operating teams met the challenge of high load requirements. For example, the regulated fossil generation fleet had commercial availability of approximately 88.7 percent. The company's nonregulated Midwest generation fleet also met customers' needs while establishing record highs for total generation. Industry data show that our nuclear fleet is among the most reliable in the nation at delivering low-cost baseload power. During 2010, our nuclear capacity factor was approximately 95.9 percent, which eclipsed the company's previous annual record of approximately 95.2 percent in 2002. Additionally, in 2010 Duke Energy's Oconee Nuclear Station became the nation's first nuclear plant to receive Nuclear Regulatory Commission approval to transition from an analog to a digital plant safety system. Upgrading these systems will help prevent unnecessary shutdowns and result in more reliable and simplified operations. The digital upgrade for all three Oconee units will be complete by 2013. Strong productivity, operational performance and efficiency are good for our customers and communities. Investors also benefit when we reduce costs and increase profitability. Duke Energy does business in a way that is good for people, the planet and profits. Our strategy was affirmed FLEET MODERNIZATION THROUGH 2020 in 2010, as Duke Energy earned a place on the Dow (capacity in megawatts) Jones Sustainability World Index. We were one of only  Carolinas Modernization 15 electric utilities around the globe to be named to this elite index. Duke Energy also earned a place on the Dow 2,500 Jones Sustainability North America Index for the fifth year in a row. You can read about our sustainability plan on 2,000 Page 6 of this report. Our 2010|2011 Sustainability Report, available at www.duke-energy.com, has more details. 1,500

Indiana Modernization

INVESTING FOR OUR FUTURE: MODERNIZATION STRATEGY

1,000 500

Duke Energy is making decisions today for future energy 0 Additions Retirements Additions Retirements investments. These decisions are critical to our mission to deliver affordable, reliable and clean energy. Power Cliffside Unit 6  Edwardsport Buck and Dan River Gas Plants  Wabash River plants take years to permit and construct and require Cliffside Retirement  Legacy Edwardsport  enormous amounts of capital to be invested over several Commitments Remaining units to be  years. We recover these investments through customer Other Planned Retirements  evaluated for retirement/ rates over the 30- to 40-year operating lives of our controls baseload power plants. Our customers enjoy reliable power today because of investment decisions made many decades ago. In the Carolinas, for example, Duke Energy has not built any new baseload generating plants since 1986. Over the past decade, we have invested roughly $5 billion to significantly reduce sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxide emissions. And, we anticipate more stringent environmental regulations to come. As a



DUKE ENERGY CORPORATION / 2010 ANNUAL REPORT

6

DUKE ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY PLAN AT A GLANCE
This sustainability plan reflects Duke Energy's commitment to operate in a way that is good for people, the planet and profits. It expands on the company's business strategy and values.
FOCUS AREA
INNOVATIVE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES Provide innovative products and services in a carbonconstrained, competitive world

WHY IT MATTERS
Our customers want products and services that are affordable yet responsive to environmental concerns

GOALS


ENERGY EFFICIENCY: Reduce customer energy consumption by 2,500 gigawatt-hours (GWh) and peak demand by 2,100 MW by 2013 RENEWABLES: Scale up to 3,000 MW of wind, solar and biomass by 2020 AFFORDABLE AND RELIABLE ENERGY: Maintain rates lower than the national average and the high reliability of our generation and distribution systems CARBON EMISSIONS: Reduce or offset the carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions from our U.S. generation fleet 17 percent from 2005 by 2020 (i.e., go from 105 million tons in 2005 to 87 million tons in 2020) CARBON INTENSITY: Reduce the carbon intensity of our total generation fleet from 0.63 tons of CO2 per megawatt-hour (MWh) in 2005 to 0.50 tons of CO2 per MWh by 2020 WASTE: Increase the percentage of solid waste that is recycled from 52 percent in 2008 to 62 percent by 2012 SAFETY: Achieve zero work-related fatalities and top-decile safety performance in employee total incident case rate (TICR) by 2012 EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT: Maintain management and employee engagement at 75 percent and 64 percent, respectively, or higher, as measured by favorable scores on survey questions PHILANTHROPY: Develop the baseline number of individuals positively impacted by our support of key community partners during 2010





ENVIRONMENTAL FOOTPRINT Reduce our environmental footprint

As an energy company, we have a large impact on the environment and depend on natural resources for our fuel







QUALITY WORKFORCE Attract, develop and retain a diverse, high-quality workforce

Energy companies will be differentiated by the quality, creativity and customer focus of their employees





STRONG COMMUNITIES Help build strong communities

Our success is linked to the health and prosperity of the communities we serve



GOVERNANCE AND TRANSPARENCY Be profitable and demonstrate strong governance and transparency

Creating shareholder value and earning the trust and confidence of our many stakeholders keeps us in business



SHAREHOLDER RETURN: Outperform our peers in total shareholder return, annually and over a three-year period, as measured by the Philadelphia Utility Index

To learn more, see our 2010|2011 Sustainability Report available on www.duke-energy.com.

LETTER TO STAKEHOLDERS (CONTINUED)

7

result, we expect to retire and replace our entire fleet, excluding hydro units, by 2050. Modernization isn't a "nice to have" strategy; it's a "must have." In 2010, we made significant progress in constructing four advanced, highly productive, cleaner energy generation plants, the centerpiece of our modernization strategy:


EDWARDSPORT POWER PLANT IN INDIANA. When operational in 2012, this 618-megawatt, state-of-the-art Integrated Gasification Combined Cycle (IGCC) facility will replace the site's existing coal units, in service since 1944 and 1951. It will be the largest power plant in the world to use advanced technology to gasify coal, strip out pollutants, and then use this gas to produce power. Indiana coal will USFE&G MAJOR CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS OVERVIEW 1 help power homes, businesses, schools and factories and reduce emissions to the environment. Duke Energy (dollars in millions) has received approval for local, state and federal Spent as of 12/31/2010  Estimated expenditures to complete project  tax incentives totaling more than $460 million for the project, which will help mitigate customer rate 3,000 605 increases over time. Construction remained on schedule 2,500 in 2010, but the scale and complexity of the project 750 2,275 have pushed costs higher than the previous estimate 2,000 of $2.35 billion. We have a pending request before 1,650 the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission to approve 1,500 the estimated cost increase from $2.35 billion to 1,000 $2.88 billion. A decision is expected in 2011. CLIFFSIDE POWER PLANT IN NORTH CAROLINA. This advanced
500 0



coal-fired 825-megawatt facility is expected to go on line in 2012 at an estimated cost of $2.4 billion. Once it is operational, we will start to retire 1,000 megawatts of generation at older, less efficient plants -- some built in the 1920s. At year-end, the project was on schedule and on budget and had been awarded $125 million in federal clean-coal tax credits.


275 425

460 250

Edwardsport

Cliffside
        

Buck

Dan River

Edwardsport IGCC Plant Indiana Cliffside Advanced Clean Coal Plant North Carolina Buck Combined Cycle Plant North Carolina

618 MW IGCC facility Expected in service in 2012 Project is 80% complete 2 825 MW advanced clean-coal unit Expected in service in 2012 Project is 80% complete 2 620 MW combined-cycle gas-fired plant Expected in service in 2011 Project is 75% complete 2 620 MW combined-cycle gas-fired plant Expected in service in 2012 Project is in early stages of construction 2

BUCK POWER PLANT IN NORTH CAROLINA. Construction of our

620-megawatt combined cycle gas-fired Buck plant is estimated to cost $700 million, with an expected in-service date in late 2011. It ended the year on schedule and on budget. By 2015, we plan to retire the construction site's four existing coal units, all built between 1941 and 1953.


DAN RIVER POWER PLANT IN NORTH CAROLINA. In October

2010, we broke ground on our second 620-megawatt combined cycle natural gas-fired plant -- the Dan River facility. The $710 million plant is expected to go on line in late 2012, and we plan to retire the site's three existing coal units that were built between 1949 and 1955.

Dan River Combined Cycle Plant North Carolina

  

1 Project costs include direct capital and Allowance for Funds Used During Construction (AFUDC) 2 Approximate as of December 31, 2010

Additionally, we are investing up to $1 billion in the long-term build-out of a digital two-way communications network along the power grid. Once complete, customers will be able to better manage their energy usage and save money. All these modernization projects are creating jobs in our communities.



DUKE ENERGY CORPORATION / 2010 ANNUAL REPORT

8

LETTER TO STAKEHOLDERS (CONTINUED)

RECOVERING FLEET MODERNIZATION COSTS
In 2011, we expect to ask regulators in up to three of our five jurisdictions to approve customer rate increases so we can recover investments associated with environmental compliance and new plant construction. You might ask, "How does a rate increase support the affordable part of our mission, especially in these tough economic times?" Here's some perspective: Consider the graph on this page. It shows that the real cost of electricity, averaged and adjusted for inflation, has declined over the past 50 years. In fact, Duke Energy currently offers some of the most competitive electric rates in the United States. Our rates in the Carolinas, in particular, benefit from the low-cost, baseload nuclear power that serves our North Carolina and South Carolina customers. In all our jurisdictions, we want to achieve pricing structures that balance customer and shareholder needs. AVERAGE ANNUAL ELECTRICITY PRICES (ALL SECTORS), 1960 -- 2009 To maintain that balance and keep rates low for customers, (cents per kWh) we must obtain timely recovery of our investments and  Real 2005 Dollars Nominal earn a fair return. We will continue to control costs and focus on 14 productivity. To that end, we have held nonrecoverable 12 operation and maintenance costs essentially flat for the past four years. 10
8 6 4

A NEW PATH IN OHIO

Achieving a balance between our customers' need for affordable, reliable and clean power and our investors' need 2 for competitive and fair returns has grown difficult in Ohio. By law, Ohio customers can switch generation providers, 0 `60 `65 `70 `75 `80 `85 `90 `95 `00 `05 `09 allowing them to capture the benefit of lower market prices. Data Source: Energy Information Administration However, our generation must stand ready to serve all customers in our service territory, including those who have switched. Therefore, we have not been able to adequately recover our costs and earn a competitive and fair return on our investments. This imbalance was highlighted in 2009, when market prices for energy plummeted, along with the economy and industrial demand. As a result, our electric generation rates have exceeded the prevailing market prices. By the end of 2010, approximately 65 percent of customers receiving Duke Energy Ohio's negotiated electric rates had switched to other retail suppliers who offered generation at lower prices. In the current Ohio regulatory framework, provisions in place do not allow utilities to adequately recover their investments, whether in existing assets, new power plants to meet future customer demand, or in improvements to comply with more stringent environmental rules. This high-risk and low-reward environment makes it difficult to maintain a healthy utility and justify future power plant investments in the state. Energy providers need assurance that they can earn fair returns on existing and future investments to maintain the current system and ensure the reliable delivery of power. A different regulatory approach could help create much-needed jobs and begin to reposition the state for future economic growth. In the meantime, at the end of 2010, we filed a new electric standard service offer, or Market Rate Offer, with the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio, requesting a plan to set market-based rates for customers of Duke Energy Ohio. This filing was a significant departure for Duke Energy Ohio, however, we believed it was the best option available to us under the current rules. In late February, the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio failed to approve our filing. In light of this ruling, we are currently exploring our options.
DUKE ENERGY CORPORATION / 2010 ANNUAL REPORT

9

DUKE ENERGY'S COMMERCIAL BUSINESSES
Our Commercial Power and International business segments contributed around $900 million or approximately 23 percent of our total adjusted segment EBIT (earnings before interest and taxes) in 2010. We executed on our strategies in each of our Commercial Businesses:


INTERNATIONAL: Our international business, consisting mostly of hydroelectric generation

plants in Brazil and a combination of hydro and fossil generation in Peru and other Latin American countries, has provided consistent earnings growth. Favorable pricing and exchange rates helped drive an approximate 20 percent increase in adjusted segment earnings in 2010.


MIDWEST GENERATION: Our Ohio generation teams achieved record safety and production

results in 2010. Financial results were boosted by Duke Energy Retail, our competitive retail business in Ohio, which grew from a cold start in spring 2009 to a company with 17 employees and more than 100,000 customers. Duke Energy Retail serves approximately 60 percent of the switched load from Duke Energy Ohio as well as customers from outside our Ohio franchise territory. This is an outstanding achievement and demonstrates our team's hard work and diligent execution to retain margin in the competitive Ohio environment.


RENEWABLE ENERGY: Duke Energy now has more than 1,000 MW of commercial renewable energy on line, with two major projects -- the Top of the World Windpower Project in Wyoming and the Kit Carson Windpower Project in Colorado -- completed and in service at the end of 2010. Long-term power purchase agreements support both projects. Our commercial solar business also grew in 2010. We added the Blue Wing Solar Project in Texas, a 14-MW installation, complete with a 30-year power purchase agreement.

A CULTURE OF SAFETY
A culture of "safety first" is foremost in everything we do as a company. A safe company helps drive productivity and efficiency. In 2010, Duke Energy achieved its best ever employee safety performance, measured by our total incident case rate, which improved 10 percent from 2009. Specifically, our regulated fossil/hydro fleet reduced its safety incidents in 2010 by approximately 25 percent; our Midwest generation fleet and our International operations reduced their safety incidents, by half and by 75 percent, respectively. Each of these fleets set all-time historic safety records for employees. The 3R program in our U.S. fossil/hydro generation plants is one example of how we continually strengthen our safety culture. The Rs stand for Reduce risk, Remove exposures to hazards and Reinforce safe behavior. Introduced in 2010, the program encourages and rewards employees and contractors for reporting potential hazards. Anyone at a plant can record problems they observe and recommend corrective action or initiate a work order to address the issue. This simple checklist has improved safety across our plants. Another example is the "Fresh Eyes" concept at our Ohio plants. Two workers started the program with a common sense premise: It's easier to see safety violations at other plants than it is to see problems in the plants where we work. Simple and cost-effective, this program gives employees the option of visiting plants that are not their own to inspect for potential safety issues. They offer a "fresh eyes" perspective. This program drove more than 200 safety improvements in 2010, and inspired many of our partners at jointlyowned facilities to embrace the program as well.


Duke Energy's Gina Whittle, Ron Gill and Donald Dickinson (from left to right) taking a "fresh eyes" look at practices in our W.M. Zimmer coal station in Ohio.

DUKE ENERGY CORPORATION / 2010 ANNUAL REPORT

10

LETTER TO STAKEHOLDERS (CONTINUED)

LEARNING FROM CHALLENGES
While we are proud of our employees' stellar safety performance, we must improve contractor safety. Several contractors working for Duke Energy lost their lives during 2010, and this is unacceptable to us. We've formed a leadership task force that is implementing new procedures to safeguard our contractors on the job. To underscore the importance of a fatality-free workplace for both employees and contractors, rigorous safety measures are a part of our annual employee incentive compensation program. Just as we are committed to ensuring the safety of employees and contractors, we are also committed to earning the trust of our communities. In 2010, that trust was tested in Indiana with controversy over the hiring of a regulatory attorney. When the issue first emerged, we immediately launched an internal investigation and have cooperated fully with external investigations. As we learned more, we took swift, decisive and appropriate policy and personnel actions. While the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission's investigation found no improprieties in rulings related to our Edwardsport project under construction in that state, we recognize the need to rebuild our stakeholders' trust.

INVESTING IN TECHNOLOGY
We face a different kind of challenge when we lay the groundwork for a future focused on energy efficiency and environmental stewardship. The past 100 years was about building the infrastructure to make electricity accessible to everyone. Today, our mission is to deliver affordable, reliable energy in a way that's increasingly clean. In response, we are investing in digital energy technologies that have the potential to transform our industry -- the way we generate energy, the way we deliver it and the way our customers use it. I've often said that Duke Energy is a technology company disguised as a utility. New nuclear, advanced coal, and renewable energy resources, all seamlessly integrated into a digital grid, will create the foundation for a future that continues to bring reliable, affordable and cleaner energy to all our customers. Grid Modernization Our power grid delivers electricity over more than 170,000 miles of lines and scores of substations and related equipment. It uses technology that has changed little since the days of Thomas Edison. In 2009, we began a $1 billion upgrade to move from an analog system to an advanced digital grid. Sometimes called "smart grid," today's modernization efforts bring 21st century technology to the 20th century power grid. We began by installing two-way communication devices on parts of our distribution system. These devices can help identify outages, enabling us to respond more quickly to resolve problems. They can also help us monitor potential irregularities and prevent future outages, improving the grid's reliability. Digital meters at our customers' homes and businesses permit remote meter reading and decreased on-site visits, resulting in greater efficiencies.

A digital meter is just one part of a smart-grid system. With digital meters and energy management programs, customers benefit from more efficient operations as well as more information to help them manage their energy use and costs.

DUKE ENERGY CORPORATION / 2010 ANNUAL REPORT

11

The technology also makes possible the integration of appliances and other in-home devices, so customers can -- if they choose -- use the tools and information we provide to reduce their energy usage and control costs. As part of the upgrade, we have installed state-of-the-art digital meters at some customer locations. The Public Utilities Commission of Ohio approved our digital upgrade plans in 2008. Since then, we have installed approximately 140,000 electric meters, 100,000 gas meters and 22,000 communication nodes in Ohio. With this technology in place, we have begun residential energy management pilot programs in Ohio and in a small area of Charlotte, N.C. Participating customers have realized savings in their monthly energy bills. Customer Service Improvements DID YOU KNOW: In addition to improvements in our power delivery system, the digital grid will help customers become more ELECTRIC VEHICLES involved in managing their energy use. We'll be able to give them the information, choices and control to make wiser energy decisions, conserve energy and save money, in a way that works best for them. The digital grid technology investments we are making in Ohio, and eventually in the other states we serve, will create a customer experience similar to other technological revolutions, like the Internet and the smartphone. Of course, taking action is optional -- and we feel strongly that customers should be the ones to make that choice. We are not waiting to build out the smart grid, however, to create new opportunities for customers to connect with us. Today, in addition to person-to-person Filling up a plug-in electric vehicle costs 2 to 3 cents  services, customers can communicate with us via social per mile, versus an average of 15 cents per mile for media and online tools, so that we can respond more gasoline per gallon. quickly to their suggestions and concerns. Our storm feeds on Twitter ­ @DukeEnergyStorm, and Facebook The United States now imports more than half of its  http://www.facebook.com/DukeEnergyStorm, are great oil, at a cost of billions of dollars per year. The use examples of how we are reaching customers with of plug-in electric vehicles can dramatically improve information they want and need. our energy independence. The efforts of our employees to offer prompt and effective customer service were recognized in 2010. In Even in regions where most electricity is produced by  a customer satisfaction survey for electric utilities, Duke coal, electric vehicles still reduce greenhouse gases Energy was ranked third in the nation by the Key Accounts National Benchmark Survey. Additionally, in the J.D. Power by 25 to 30 percent over conventional vehicles. and Associates 2010 Electric Utility Residential Customer SOURCE: GoElectricDrive.com Satisfaction Study,SM Duke Energy Carolinas ranked highest among large utility companies in the South region, and our Midwest operations moved up three spots to sixth place among 17 providers. We are proud of our employees whose actions embody our long-standing culture of safety and service.

1

2

3

Electric Vehicles We are working with the manufacturers of vehicles, batteries, and charging stations to expand the adoption of plug-in electric vehicles. In 2010, the Electric Drive Transportation Association, of which Duke Energy is a board member, launched GoElectricDrive.com -- an online resource providing a wealth of plug-in electric vehicle information. The site includes information about environmental benefits, charging infrastructure, purchase incentives,



DUKE ENERGY CORPORATION / 2010 ANNUAL REPORT

12

LETTER TO STAKEHOLDERS (CONTINUED)

and a virtual showroom. A "Plug-in and Save" calculator shows you the financial and carbon footprint savings from driving a plug-in electric vehicle. We're also helping to shape state and federal policies and standards. This technology is good for the planet and good for our profits, helping drive electricity sales.

OUTLOOK FOR 2011 AND BEYOND
Throughout 2011, we will be planning for the integration of Duke Energy and Progress Energy and filing for merger approvals with various federal and state regulators and shareholders of both companies. We will leverage our existing systems and evaluate best practices to ensure an efficient integration of the two merged companies. We have named the top-tier management team for the combined company and have integration planning teams in place. These early decisions were designed to accelerate the integration planning process. We are targeting to close the transaction by the end of 2011. Our 2011 outlook assumes a slow economic recovery, continued progress on our modernization efforts, and stabilization of the competitive environment in Ohio. We expect adjusted diluted earnings per share between $1.35 to $1.40. In addition, you can expect:


An increase in the quarterly dividend of approximately 2 percent during 2011, subject to board of directors' approval Requests for increases in customer rates to recover expenses incurred in constructing and upgrading power plants Continued efforts across our jurisdictions to gain approval of mechanisms that narrow the gap between allowed and earned returns Increased safety performance and improved reliability due to plant and equipment investments and the continued rollout of digital technology, and Continued support for communities through leadership, investment, economic development and service projects.









OUR CONSTANT DRIVE FOR PRODUCTIVITY GAINS
The roughly 12 million people who live in our service territories and those who will follow depend on the decisions we make today to build the right infrastructure to power our world for the future. Our persistent push for productivity improvements in every aspect of our business enables us to better meet the needs of all our stakeholders. This allows us to achieve our mission of delivering affordable, reliable and clean energy today and in the years to come. Our pursuit of productivity gains is at the core of all that we do. It is making a better Duke Energy for our customers, investors, employees, and communities. We will remain sharply focused on these objectives and continue to deliver results today, while investing for our future.

James E. Rogers Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 4, 2011

DUKE ENERGY CORPORATION / 2010 ANNUAL REPORT

