        Dear Stakeholders:
I am pleased to report on 2006 and provide a few additional thoughts with respect to the future.
Clinical Outcomes:
DaVita and its affiliated physicians achieved strong performance again this year. Here are some examples in the areas of access placement, nutrition, and kinetics/ adequacy:
• 53% of our patients are receiving their dialysis through an arteriovenous fistula,
• 84% of our patients achieved an albumin level of 3.5 or better, and
• 93.1% of our patients achieved a Kt/V of 1.2 or better.
2006 was a superb clinical year! DaVita delivered the best care in its history and our outcomes compare very favorably to the national averages.
In 2006 we made significant progress in integrating the two companies. We hit all of our major deadlines on time and on budget; if anything we exceeded our expectations in this regard. We successfully integrated all but one functional area in terms of both organizational leadership and business processes. Our completed core system integrations include human resources, payroll, inventory and purchasing, and patient registration.
We are still in the process of rolling out our new billing and collection system as well as the clinical documentation system software. To date we have just over half of our centers on the new clinical system and about 200 former Gambro Healthcare centers converted to the DaVita billing system. Completion of these projects is not anticipated until early 2008 and we may experience some billing and collection disruption as we move through 2007. This could affect both operating profit and our working capital.
Perhaps the area where we are most proud relates to the welcoming of over 11,000 former Gambro Healthcare teammates to the DaVita Village. Many of them related quickly and naturally to our Mission & Values. We invested to facilitate this by having virtually every Gambro Healthcare teammate go through our New Teammate Orientation Program. In addition over 6,000 teammates attended an academy or other leadership training program. The Village concept and reality remain strong.
In 2006 we had the strongest cash flow in our history. Cash flow from operations was $605 million and free cash flow(1) was $496 million, in each case excluding an $85 million income tax payment associated with the divestiture of centers in conjunction with the Gambro Healthcare acquisition. These unusually strong cash flows allowed us to repay $400 million of debt last year and end the year with a leverage ratio of 3.66 times debt to trailing 12 month earnings before interest and taxes.
Net earnings from continuing operations were $266 million and earnings per share were $2.52, excluding an after-tax valuation gain of $23 million, on the Gambro Product Supply Agreement. Our financial performance for the first full year of operations as a combined company exceeded our expectations.
We continued to build strong relationships with key government stakeholders, including CMS and Congress. We achieved a much-needed 1.6% increase to the composite rate in a year when few other healthcare segments saw positive action. We worked hard to ensure a fair drug add-on and the reform of certain vascular access payment codes. At the state level, we undertook action that led to the reversal of
Integration:
Cash Flow:
Earnings:
Public Policy:

Compliance:
Medicaid cuts in California and greater attention to the need for speedy facility certification. Our overall situation remains serious, however, as we continue to lose money on the over 85% of our patients for whom the government is their primary payor.
Recognizing the critical importance of advocacy, we also expanded our grassroots action in 2006. DaVita Patient Citizens now has over 20,000 members and conducts frequent meetings and Capitol Hill briefings. DaVita also assisted with the creation of the DaVita Nephrology Alliance, an advocacy organization enabling nephrologists to become more engaged in the public policy issues affecting their profession and patients. Finally, DaVita centers hosted federal and state lawmakers and staff to an unprecedented degree in 2006, averaging more than 1 official visitor for every workday of the year.
2006 was a strong year for our compliance program. We have a fully integrated compliance function focused on navigating our complex regulatory environment. In addition, we were successful in our second year of the Gambro Corporate Integrity Agreement (CIA), among the highlights, we trained more than 13,000 teammates and had audit results that significantly outperformed the CIA minimum requirements. Also, early 2007 brought an end to the investigation into the company’s business practices by the U.S. Attorney’s office for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. This six year investigation was terminated without any financial penalties and without any required changes in our operating practices. We are very pleased that this broad reaching investigation has come to a conclusion and we will continue to cooperate with our remaining government inquiries.
In 2006 DaVita delivered strong performance to all of our stakeholders.
In 2007 we are facing some significant head winds. The year has begun with heightened government scrutiny of industry anemia management practices; we are worried that non-nephrologists are going to exercise clinical judgment which would negatively impact patients in a significant way. In addition competition has picked up in intensity as private-equity backed companies pursue growth. Finally, we do anticipate significant margin compression over time, as a result of private and public rate pressures.
On the positive side, demand for our services will continue to grow. Our cash flows are likely to continue to be strong. And we hope our differentiated quality will play a role in private and public payors decision-making in the future.
We will continue to invest in our strategic portfolio that is intended to position us to be the highest value provider of kidney related care for all payors.
Again this year, I would like to offer heartfelt thanks to our 29,000 teammates. Your resilience and tenacity in simultaneously meeting the needs of so many diverse constituencies is remarkable.
Outlook:
Respectfully submitted,
Kent J. Thiry Chairman and CEO
 (1) GAAP operating cash flow was $520 million. Free cash flow is defined as GAAP operating cash flow of $520 million, plus the income tax payment on the divested centers of $85 million, less expenditures for routine maintenance and information technology of $109 million.
