        Dear Stakeholders:
I will first discuss our 2012 results and then provide a few thoughts on the future.
The past year was a momentous one for the company as we had strong continued performance in our kidney care business while transforming the company through our merger with HealthCare Partners.
• Dialysisclinicaloutcomeswereonceagainthebestoramongthebestinvirtuallyeverycategory compared to national averages and we significantly advanced our clinical care initiatives,
• Wedeliveredstronggrowthinoperatingprofits,earningsandcashflows,and
• WemergedwithHealthCarePartners,oneofthepremierintegratedhealthcareprovidersinthe
country and a manager and operator of physician groups and affiliated medical networks providing integrated care to approximately 724,000 patients in four states.
Clinical Outcomes and Care Initiatives:
DaVita and our affiliated physicians collaborated to achieve outstanding clinical outcomes in 2012. For the 13th consecutive year we achieved the best dialysis patient outcomes in our history. At the end of the year:
• 71% of our dialysis patients had an arteriovenous fistula placed for dialysis, • 91% of our dialysis patients were vaccinated for pneumonia,
• 91% of our dialysis patients were vaccinated for influenza, and
• 98% of our dialysis patients achieved a Kt/V of 1.2 or better.
By the end of 2012 we reduced our dialysis patients’ central venous catheter rates to 13.9% — our best catheter results ever.
All these results compare quite favorably to those reported publicly for other dialysis providers. Our quality clinical care not only results in healthier patients, but also drives reductions in hospitalization and surgical procedures and therefore significant savings to the U.S. health care system.
Our HealthCare Partners physicians have a strong focus on clinical quality outcomes and patient satisfaction. The Integrated Healthcare Association’s Pay for Performance program, the nation’s largest physician incentive program, rewards medical groups for their performance on clinical quality, patient experience, use of information systems in healthcare, and coordinated diabetes care. For the ninth consecutive year HealthCare Partners was named a “Top Performer” of medical groups in a comparison of approximately 200 California physician groups.
HealthCare Partners performs well on a wide range of clinical metrics and on a wide range of National Committee for Quality Assurance HEDIS measurement sets. HEDIS clinical quality metrics are voluntarily reported by health plans on an annual basis. For example, in 2011 (the most recent year for which data has been reported):
• 62% of managed Medicare patients had Diabetic LDL cholesterol <100, near the 90th percentile for health care providers nationally, and
• 67% of managed Medicare patients had colorectal cancer screenings in the past two years, near the 90th percentile for health care providers nationally.

Financial:
Net income was $536 million and earnings per share were $5.47. Adjusted net income was $612(1) million and earnings per share were $6.25(1), excluding after-tax transaction expenses associated with the merger with HealthCare Partners, debt refinancing charges, and a legal settlement and related expenses. This represented a 24% increase in adjusted net income and a 22% increase in adjusted earnings per share as compared to 2011.
Cash flow from operations was $1.101 billion and free cash flow was $715 million(1). These strong cash flows allowed us to spend $926 million on center developments and acquisitions—in addition to the $3.66 billion deployed for the HealthCare Partners merger.
We provided 22.1 million dialysis treatments in 2012, a 12.5% increase from 2011. Our 2012 non-acquired growth was 4.8% year-over-year.
We acquired 93 dialysis centers in the United States serving approximately 6,000 patients, further expanding our reach to serve more than 153,000 dialysis patients at the end of the year, about 1 of 3 dialysis patients in America.
DaVita Rx, the world’s largest full-service pharmacy dedicated to serving the unique needs of kidney patients, now provides oral medication management services for more than 56,000 patients, and recently announced an agreement to provide prescription drug services to Fresenius Medical Care for its Medicare patients.
In 2012, we continued our international expansion. By year-end, we operated 36 clinics through subsidiaries, joint ventures, or management agreements in eight countries outside the United States. We continue to expand in 2013, as we recently announced an agreement with a local partner to provide dialysis services in Taiwan.
The dialysis industry has built strong credibility with key government stakeholders by continually improving clinical care, and this improved quality drives savings for taxpayers.
We are facing a tough fiscal environment which puts greater pressure on the reimbursement rates we receive from government payors. Along with other segments of the health care sector, dialysis providers are subject to a 2% cut in our Medicare rates starting April 2013 due to congressionally mandated sequestration.
Additionally, in January 2013 Congress ordered CMS to rebase the dialysis rates we receive from Medicare beginning in January 2014. The impact of this rebasing is not yet known, but it has the potential to impact our profits and cash flows materially, and if not implemented thoughtfully it will put further strain on dialysis providers who already lose money on government- reimbursed patients.
The Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation (CMMI) released an initial framework for a renal specific integrated care program. It is encouraging that the government recognizes the potential clinical and economic benefits of providing integrated care for patients with ESRD; however, there are a number of issues with the initial proposal and unless there are significant changes to the program we will not be participating in the program. This would be unfortunate as we remain committed to the goal of providing coordinated
Growth:
Public Policy:

HealthCare Partners Merger:
care to our dialysis patients, for we believe that the capabilities that we have developed can improve care for this complex group of patients while generating savings for taxpayers.
As in the past, we continue to build strong relationships with CMS and within Congress, and to develop alternative reform proposals for consideration. In 2013, we will remain focused on improving the care we deliver to our patients while seeking to partner with the government to enhance the longevity of the Medicare Trust Fund.
On November 1, 2012 we completed our merger with HealthCare Partners. For consideration of $3.66 billion in cash and 9.38 million DaVita shares we have added one of the nation’s leading independent integrated care providers to our company. Following the completion of this merger, our company is now DaVita HealthCare Partners Inc.
Through integrated care practices overseen by a network of more than 8,000 doctors, HealthCare Partners provides high quality, affordable coordinated care for approximately 724,000 patients. We believe that HealthCare Partners’ model of care is where “the health care puck is headed.” We look forward to growing the business and exporting the integrated care model to new markets across the United States.
We are also excited to welcome Robert J. Margolis, MD, HealthCare Partners’ founder and CEO, to the combined company. Dr. Margolis will continue to run the HealthCare Partners business and has joined me as Co-Chairman of the DaVita HealthCare Partners Board of Directors.
Being a leader in American healthcare means being a responsible corporate community. The Trilogy of Care—Caring for our patients, each other, and the world—is DaVita HealthCare Partners’ vision for social responsibility, is our philosophy for balancing our business responsibilities with our social, economic and environmental ones. For more than a decade, we have had a vision for creating a true community—one that cares for our teammates as well as our patients. This investment in creating a community has inspired our teammates to realize their full potential and to deliver ever-improving quality care to our patients.
Our social responsibility programs, including several examples below, enrich the lives of our 724,000 integrated care patients, 153,000 dialysis patients, and 53,000 teammates and their families.
• DaVita Way of Giving is our newest community program. In 2012, company leaders empowered local teams across DaVita’s 44-state footprint to identify a locally-focused charity of their choice to receive a philanthropic donation. More than 1,900 clinics donated time and a total of more than $2.8 million to hundreds of charities;
• Bridge of Life—DaVita Medical MissionsTM, an independent 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization, helps improve kidney health and save lives by bringing treatment, education, and hope to developing countries;
• Tour DaVita, a 250 mile bike ride, raised money and awareness to support kidney disease education and testing;
Corporate Citizenship:

Outlook:
• DaVita HealthCare Partners and our teammates reach out to support underprivileged communities at home through Village Service Days’ community service projects and investing in our Minority Bank Initiative; and
• DaVita’s Village Green program set aggressive goals to reduce waste in our centers and corporate offices by 2015, and we expect to receive LEED® Gold certification on our new corporate headquarters.
We invite you to review our work and be inspired to help change your community. Our 2012 Community Care social responsibility report will be available on DaVita.com later this year.
In 2012, we delivered strong performance to all our stakeholders while continuing to position the company for future growth opportunities.
Over the next few years we will face numerous challenges in pursuing these growth opportunities including government reimbursement pressures, risks associated with government investigations and private lawsuits, uncertainty around health care reform, and uncertainty about our ability to drive growth of HealthCare Partners into new markets.
We believe our combined enterprise offers new and exciting levels of clinical quality, service, and consumer/taxpayer savings. For more than a decade we have executed on our integrated care mission by partnering with thousands of physicians across the country to deliver specialized kidney care services. HealthCare Partners executes on that same integrated care mission across a full and deep array of healthcare services in four geographic markets. This combination creates a unique patient- and physician-focused organization that we hope will help will lead the transformation of health care delivery.
I offer heartfelt thanks to our 53,000 teammates for your accomplishments, including a hearty welcome to the 7,000 new teammates who joined the company through the HealthCare Partners merger. Your resilience and tenacity in simultaneously meeting the needs of so many diverse constituencies is remarkable.
Respectfully submitted,
Kent J. Thiry Co-Chairman and CEO
 (1) These are Non-GAAP amounts. For a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to comparable GAAP measures, see our press release for the fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2012 results, which is on our website at DavitaHealthCarePartners.com.
