        Dear Stakeholders:
Clinical Outcomes:
Physician Relationships:
DaVita Clinical Research:
Cash Flow:
Earnings:
DaVita had another strong clinical year! DaVita achieved especially strong performance in the areas of nutrition, kinetics and anemia management. 85% of our patients achieved an albumin level of 3.5, (and 42% > 4.0), 93% of our patients achieved a Kt/V of 1.2, and 85% of our patients achieved an HCT of 33 or greater. These values significantly exceed the national averages, and are even more noteworthy given the large number of inner-city patients we take care of. If you added a review of our vascular access, osteodystrophy, and other clinical measures you would happily conclude that the overall care we provided in 2003 was our best ever!
In 2003 we strengthened the relationships with our affiliated physicians by continuing to improve our traditional services as well as offering several new ones. One of the new services is vascular access centers. Our Lifeline subsidiary, the leader in this exciting field, is delivering dramatic benefits to patients, physicians, and payers. Yet another promising service is RMS, our leading disease management business, which has a proven track record of helping payers reduce total costs while improving patient outcomes and service. All-in-all, our portfolio of services to help affiliated physician practices grow and prosper is unique in the industry.
DaVita Clinical Research (DCR) is a clinical trial site and site management organization (SMO) with over 17 years of experience conducting renal research. DaVita is the only dialysis company with its own 50 bed in patient unit for Phase I-III clinical trials, and an SMO for Phase III-IV trials conducted in the dialysis units. In addition to commercial research, DaVita itself awards research grants to DaVita affiliated physicians and teammates for small focused trials to explore new ideas for advancing the care of dialysis patients. Through these research programs we are supporting healthcare professionals in improving outcomes for all dialysis patients.
At the beginning of the year, we said operating cash flow, excluding prior period recoveries, would be between $185 to $235 million. We generated $294 million in 2003, substantially exceeding expectations. Our DSO fluctuated between 65-69 days. It moved higher toward the end of the year, as we predicted it would, due to the implementation of a new billing system.
Net earnings were $177 million (excluding prior period recoveries and refinancing charges). On a comparable basis, operating income was up 11%, net earnings were up 17%, and earnings per share increased 33%. Margins pulled back slightly compared to 2002, consistent with our previous guidance.

Growth:
Capital Structure:
Employer of Choice:
Public Policy:
Conclusion:
We said we would be in the 3-5% non-acquired center growth rate for 2003. We achieved 4.3%. In addition, we opened 30 de novo centers during 2003 vs. 19 in 2002. On the acquisition front, we purchased 27 centers serving approximately 2,000 patients, which will add approximately 4% to year over year treatment growth. We continue to target treatment growth from acquisitions of 2-4% per year on average for the next few years. The market is competitive, so achieving this target at acceptable prices will take a lot of work.
Through a sequence of debt restructurings and stock buy-backs, we were able to lower our aggregate cost of capital, with a significant positive impact to earnings per share. At the end of the year, our debt leverage ratio of 2.3 was below our targeted long-term range.
We continue to live our mission of becoming the Provider, Partner, and Employer of Choice. This can only be achieved by investing in our teammates’ professional and personal growth. Our turnover in 2003 was the lowest in at least the last five years.
As an industry, we failed once again to achieve an automatic inflation update to our reimbursement rate. This is disappointing as our segment clearly needs it and we are one of the few without it. On a positive note, we were successful in obtaining a 1.6% permanent increase effective in 2005 and we were the only segment to be granted a 100% add-back for the impact of 2005 AWP cuts. We continue to make steady progress in building credibility with the various public policy decision-makers.
2003 was our best year yet in terms of clinical, financial and operating results! Going forward we can look forward to steady demand growth, continued consolidation, and healthy cash flow. At the same time the concentration of our profits in, and the dynamics surrounding, private reimbursement and pharmaceutical administration remain among our chief risk factors.
I would like to take this opportunity to thank our 13,000 teammates. Their tenacity in trying to meet the expectations of all our constituents is remarkable.
Sincerely,
Kent J. Thiry Chairman and CEO
For financial reconciliations, see our press release for the 4th Quarter and Year Ended 2003, which is on our website.
 