  Letter to Shareholders
2013 was a year of strong execution and exciting change
for Devon. Our oil-focused drilling programs increased our highest-margin product, U.S. light sweet oil, a remarkable 32 percent compared to the prior year. This growth was driven primarily by the success of our development programs in
the Permian Basin. Importantly, our success with the drill-
bit translated into improved cash flow and profitability. Our growth in oil revenue in 2013, combined with a strong focus on cost containment, drove a 10 percent increase in cash flow from operations compared to 2012. Our successful drilling programs replaced 180 percent of our oil production during the year with new, highly economic oil reserves. Total proved oil reserves increased to 837 million barrels, the highest level in the company’s history.
Also in 2013, we took several strategic steps to upgrade our portfolio and improve the growth trajectory and profitability of our business. In October, we announced the combination of our U.S. midstream assets with Crosstex to form EnLink Midstream. The creation of EnLink improves the diversification and growth of our midstream holdings, while preserving Devon’s capital for our core business. Through this innovative transaction, we established a market-based valuation for these assets in excess of $7 billion. We expect additional value to accrue to Devon’s shareholders as EnLink grows and develops its assets over time.
One month later, in November, we took another bold step to strengthen our portfolio with the announced acquisition of Eagle Ford assets. We secured a world-class, light-oil acreage position in the very best part of the Eagle Ford, an area
that is delivering some of the highest rate-of-return drilling opportunities in North America. With the majority of the acquired acreage already derisked, Devon’s new Eagle Ford position will provide low-risk, repeatable oil growth for years to come. Given the attractive purchase price, the Eagle Ford acquisition is accretive to Devon shareholders on virtually every metric, including double-digit growth in cash flow per share, adjusted for debt.
In conjunction with our Eagle Ford transaction, we announced our intent to monetize non-core E&P properties in the U.S. and Canada. This initiative further sharpens our focus on our core assets which are capable of delivering material growth or substantial free cash flow. We have made tremendous progress already in 2014 with the C$3.125 billion announced sale of our Canadian conventional assets. We expect to complete the divestiture process by year end.
While our portfolio is undergoing change, our approach
to the business remains the same. We continue to pursue our strategic objective of achieving top-quartile shareholder returns by maximizing growth in cash flow per share, adjusted for debt. This philosophy balances our capital allocation between drilling projects, debt reduction and returning cash to our shareholders through dividends or stock buybacks. Over time, the relative attractiveness of these options will vary, but our disciplined pursuit of optimizing our allocation of capital remains steadfast.
Being a premier company goes beyond great execution, a deep portfolio and an investment-grade balance sheet. To be successful over the long run, we must be committed to safe operations, environmental stewardship and respect for our neighbors. Devon’s efforts in these areas were recognized with numerous awards this past year, including the prestigious Phoenix Award, a national environmental honor. Devon was also named to Fortune’s “100 Best Companies to Work For” list for the seventh consecutive year. This recognition reflects the strength of our culture and the dedication of our team of employees.
The strategic moves we made in 2013 have undoubtedly strengthened our competitive position. As we look to 2014, we expect to build on this momentum with an emphasis on superior execution of our capital program. Our activity will focus on our highest rate-of-return oil development opportunities which
are expected to drive a 35 percent year-over-year increase in companywide oil production from our improved property base. This will be led by a 75 percent year-over-year increase in U.S. oil production, driven by strong growth in the Permian Basin and Eagle Ford. And, we expect to deliver these highly competitive results while keeping total capital spending within operating cash flow for the year.
Our progress in 2013 is evident. Our shift toward an oil- focused portfolio is taking hold, and the strategic steps we took in 2013 further enhance our ability to deliver attractive returns for our shareholders for years to come.
John Richels
President and Chief Executive Officer
March 25, 2014
  