DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS2002 will undoubtedly be remembered as a year of extraordinary achievement for Devon.We drove total oil and gas production to 188 million equivalent barrels, an all-time record.We successfully completed 1,599 oil and gas wells and a major acquisition. These activitiesreplaced 278% of the year’s production with new reserves at a cost of $7.18 per equivalentbarrel. Total revenues, total assets and shareholders’ equity all reached new highs. Althoughnot a record, net earnings also increased in 2002, to $104 million.

Building With AcquisitionsThe results for 2002 reflect the impact of two acquisitions that nearly doubled the size ofthe company: Mitchell Energy and Anderson Exploration. At this time a year ago, theseacquisitions had only recently been completed. Since then, the three organizations have beenmelded into one.On October 15, 2001, Devon completed the purchase of Canadian producer, Anderson.The marriage of Anderson’s assets with Devon’s Canadian operations creates a formidableCanadian independent. Devon now has a leading position in all of the major producing regionsin the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin. Furthermore, our 11 million net undevelopedacres in Canada provide Devon with one of the largest inventories of exploratory acreage inthat country.We are gratified by the many former Anderson employees who chose to join with us to build upon Devon’sfoundation in Canada. During 2002, under the leadership of Devon Senior Vice President, John Richels, our Canadianemployees enthusiastically joined together to blend their cultures and their operations. Remarkably, this integration wasachieved without losing momentum in last year’s winter drilling program. In the period from mid-December 2001 tomid-March 2002, we drilled 276 wells with an 88% success rate—an outstanding performance by any standard.Simultaneously, Devon’s U.S. employees were busy integrating the operations of Mitchell. The development ofMitchell’s crown jewel, the Barnett Shale gas properties in north Texas, progressed flawlessly during the transition. Inthe 11 months of 2002 following the close of the Mitchell acquisition, production from the Barnett Shale climbed 40%to 500 million equivalent cubic feet of gas per day. To accommodate this growth, we completed a significant expansionof our Bridgeport gas plant. Furthermore, the drilling efficiencies and well completion improvements initiated by Mitchellcontinue under the Devon flag. Over the last year we have further reduced the cost and time required to drill a BarnettShale well. These savings reflect the economies available to a larger, stronger company as well as the professionalismand enthusiasm of the Mitchell employees who joined Devon.Successfully integrating Anderson and Mitchell while maintaining focus on our day-to-day operations presentedan array of challenges across the organization. Devon’s staff, old and new, responded with dedication anddetermination. It’s clear the acquisitions of Mitchell and Anderson added not only an abundance of high quality oil andgas properties, but a wealth of human talent as well. I welcome each of these valued new employees to the Devonfamily.

Sharpening our FocusIn addition to integrating the high quality oil and gas properties of Anderson and Mitchell during 2002, wesignificantly improved the focus of our operations. We completed a thorough review of all of the combined company’sproperties. We divested those with high operating costs, limited growth potential and those not significant to acompany of Devon’s new size. In total, we generated sales proceeds of $1.3 billion after tax, exceeding ourexpectations. More importantly, the sale of these properties leaves Devon with a focused, highly profitable asset basewith abundant opportunities for growth.A Firm Financial FoundationIn the acquisitions of Anderson and Mitchell, Devon issued approximately 30 million new common shares andtook on $6.7 billion in incremental debt. In March of 2002, we extended our debt maturity schedule with the issuanceof $1 billion of 30-year notes. In addition, following the Mitchell acquisition, we used the proceeds from propertydivestitures and cash on hand to reduce long-term debt by $1.3 billion. The average after-tax interest rate on ourremaining debt is very low, about 3%. As a result, Devon enters 2003 with considerable financial strength and flexibility.Aided by the strong oil and gas prices we are currently experiencing, we are generating significant cash flow over andabove our expected capital requirements. We have designated these funds to reduce debt and further fortify ourbalance sheet.Investing for the Long RunIn 2002, our investments in drilling and production facilities totaled $1.6 billion—the largest capital budget in ourhistory. With the successful completion of 1,599 oil and gas wells, we increased production from retained properties byfour million equivalent barrels. In addition to the $1.3 billion that generated this near-term production growth, weinvested approximately $300 million in longer-term, high-potential projects. These longer-term investments generatedtwo notable drilling successes during 2002. Tuk M-18 in Canada’s Mackenzie Delta and Cascade in the deepwater Gulfof Mexico each promise significant future reserve additions.PROVED OIL AND GAS RESERVES PER SHARE(net of royalties) (Boe)OIL AND GAS PRODUCTION PER SHARE(net of royalties) (Boe)Since 1998, Devon has increasedreserves per share by 70%...* 2001 reserves include 1.58 Boe per shareattributable to properties divested in 2002.

In 2003, Devon will invest about $370 million on long-term projects spread across a broad geographic spectrum. Innorth Texas, we are exploring outside the core area in an attempt to extend the Barnett Shale play. Early results fromthese wells are very encouraging. In 2002, we leveraged our exposure to the deepwater Gulf of Mexico through a multiwelljoint venture with ChevronTexaco. We expect to continue drilling exploratory wells during 2003 in this partnership.Also in the deepwater Gulf, we expect to drill a follow-up to our Cascade discovery later this year. Outside NorthAmerica, Devon has an exploratory well planned for 2003 offshore Ghana in West Africa. We are also prospecting acrossthe Atlantic from Africa in waters offshore Brazil. While these projects cannot impact production or earnings in the nearterm,they represent the foundation for an attractive longer-term growth profile.A Firm Foundation for the FutureAs one of the largest natural gas producers in North America, Devon is positioned to reap the rewards of today’shigh natural gas prices. But to sustain Devon’s track record of success, we must look beyond today and plan for thelonger term. Our recently announced merger with Ocean Energy is an opportunity to do just that. Ocean brings to Devonsignificant near-term growth projects, a large inventory of high-impact exploration projects and a wealth of talentedemployees. The combined company will benefit from a better growth profile, a larger, higher-quality exploration inventoryand superior financial strength.As I look ahead in 2003, I am more optimistic about Devon’s future than ever before. We have an abundance ofvisible, low-risk growth opportunities from our portfolio of North American properties. We have longer-term growthopportunities spanning from the Arctic Circle’s Mackenzie Delta to the waters offshore West Africa. And we are blessedwith the people and financial strength to capture these opportunities. Devon truly has established a firm foundation forthe future.J. Larry NicholsCHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICERApril 11, 2003