Letter to Shareholders

Drilling operations continue day and night on this rig in the Permian Basin. In 2012, Devon drilled more than 240 wells and grew oil production 31 percent in the Permian.

Dear Fellow Shareholders:
2012 was a year of progress for Devon as we continued to transition toward a higher oil weighting in our oil and gas property portfolio. It was also a year of challenges. Regional supply and demand imbalances in North America led to weak product pricing for the majority of our production. In spite of these cyclical pricing headwinds, we stayed focused on the pursuit of our top strategic objective of optimizing long-term growth in cash flow per share adjusted for debt. To consistently grow cash flow, we need a portfolio of assets balanced between oil and natural gas that provides the flexibility to invest in high-return projects in any commodity price environment. Over the last few years, our capital spending has focused almost exclusively on expanding and developing our oil
John Richels President and Chief Executive Officer

and liquids-rich assets to achieve a more balanced portfolio. Our year-over-year growth in oil production and reserves from existing development projects, combined with our early success in several emerging oil plays, provides clear evidence of our progress. And with the strength of our balance sheet, we have been able to comfortably fund this transition. Undoubtedly, our disciplined approach to allocating capital and managing the business has laid the groundwork for success in the future.

Oil Production (MMBO)

2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013E

32.9 36.9 38.7 44.7 53.5 61.7

Liquids as % of Total Reserves

2008 2009 2010 2011 2012

28% 41% 40% 42% 47%

Oil Conversion on Track Record oil production from our Permian Basin and Jackfish development areas drove total oil production up 20 percent over 2011. This marks the sixth consecutive year of North American onshore oil growth for us. Combined with our growth in natural gas liquids, total onshore production reached an all-time record 250 million equivalent barrels in 2012. With a significant portion of our drilling focused on oil, we replaced nearly 260 percent of our oil production during the year with new reserves. These oil additions helped increase oil reserves to 27 percent of total reserves at year end. Including NGLs, liquids now comprise 47 percent of our 3 billion barrels equivalent of total proved reserves. Joint Ventures Improve Capital Efficiency To further enhance our long-term growth potential, we have been redeploying the proceeds from the sale of our offshore and international properties. With a goal of establishing low-cost, material positions in new, high-margin oil plays, we have assembled more than 2.5 million net acres across multiple exploration plays. Subsequent to establishing these land positions, we entered into two separate joint ventures with Sinopec International Petroleum Exploration & Production Corporation and Sumitomo Corporation. Under the terms of the joint venture agreements, Devon received nearly $4 billion in value, including $1.3 billion of up-front cash and $1.6 billion to be paid on Devon's behalf for future drilling costs. In exchange, we gave up roughly 30 percent of our working interest. These unique arrangements allowed us to share the exploration risk across multiple plays, materially enhance our returns and improve our capital efficiency. Not only did we recover more than 100 percent of our costs for acreage and early exploration drilling, these transactions also reduce our future capital demands. This allows us to accelerate activity across these new exploration plays without diverting capital from our core development projects.

Oil Focus Drives Exploration and Development Activity In 2012, almost all of our upstream capital was allocated to our highest return oil and liquids-rich growth projects. The majority of our activity was concentrated in four cornerstone development areas--the Permian Basin, Jackfish, Barnett and Cana--as well as our emerging oil play in the Mississippian. In the Permian Basin, we continue to be among the most active horizontal drillers with activity spanning numerous light oil plays. Our development drilling programs in the Bone Spring, Delaware and Wolfcamp Shale are consistently generating high rates of return. These areas drove Devon's 2012 Permian oil production up 31 percent over 2011. To continue to build drilling inventory in the Permian, we have an active exploration program on the eastern flank of the Midland Basin and along the Eastern Shelf. Although we are early in the evaluation of this acreage, we have already seen encouraging results. The Permian Basin once again will be the largest recipient of capital as we look to grow 2013 oil production nearly 40 percent from this prolific basin. In Canada, construction continued throughout 2012 on our third phase in the Jackfish oil sands complex. This 35,000-barrel-per-day facility was roughly 50 percent complete at year-end, putting us on track for a late 2014 startup. In 2012, our first phase in the Jackfish complex continued its best-inclass performance from both a plant reliability and production efficiency standpoint. At our second Jackfish phase we exited the year producing 20,000 barrels of oil per day. The addition of two new well pads will allow us to eventually utilize the full 35,000-barrel-per-day facility capacity. Each development phase in the 100 percent Devon-owned Jackfish complex represents an estimated 300 million barrels of recoverable oil before royalties. On Devon's 50 percent owned Pike oil sands leases immediately adjacent to the Jackfish complex, we filed an application for regulatory approval for the Pike 1 development. The Pike 1 application is for a project with gross production capacity of 105,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In aggregate, we expect our net SAGD oil production to grow to at least 150,000 barrels per day by 2020.

In the Mid-Continent region of the United States, 2012 activity was focused on drilling our best liquids-rich locations. In the Barnett Shale in North Texas, Devon's net production hit an all-time record 1.4 billion cubic feet equivalent per day in the third quarter, including 51,000 barrels per day of liquids. In the Cana-Woodford Shale in Western Oklahoma, net production increased to a record 326 million cubic feet of gas equivalent per day in the fourth quarter, including nearly 18,000 barrels of oil and natural gas liquids. The Cana wells Devon brought online in the second half of 2012 are among the best wells ever drilled in the play. Also in the Mid-Continent region, we expanded our position in the emerging Mississippian oil play in North Central Oklahoma to roughly 600,000 net acres during the year. While early in our evaluation of this play, drilling results from our initial wells continue to support our target economics. Based on these encouraging results, we gradually ramped up drilling activity throughout 2012 and have another active program planned for 2013. We believe the integration of 3D seismic, core samples, logs and production data into our comprehensive reservoir modeling will ultimately allow us to optimize development of this light-oil resource. Financial Flexibility in a Challenging Environment The headwinds we faced in 2012 were principally the result of our product mix and weak price realizations for natural gas, natural gas liquids and Canadian oil. While these challenging market conditions were out of our control, they underscore the importance of our strategy to maintain a strong balance sheet and a diverse portfolio of assets. In spite of reduced cash flow resulting from low commodity prices, Devon's financial strength allowed us the flexibility to continue to fund a robust exploration and development capital program directed entirely towards oil and our high return liquids-rich opportunities. At year-end our financial position remained rock-solid. With $7 billion of cash and short-term investments and manageable debt levels, we continue to maintain superior access to capital. Outlook for 2013 and Beyond Our 2013 capital program will support robust drilling of our highest margin oil and liquids-rich projects. This capital program promises to deliver company-wide oil production growth in the mid-teens, while simultaneously allowing us to benefit from the capital efficiencies of our joint ventures where exploration and de-risking of our emerging oil plays is ongoing. As always, we will remain intensely focused on maintaining our position as a low-cost producer. Along with pursuing our operational goals in 2013, we also are examining and considering other initiatives to unlock value for our shareholders. It's been noted by us, by many of our shareholders and by other industry observers that Devon's current stock price does not adequately reflect the underlying

value of our assets. Accordingly, we continue to examine and consider any and every initiative to unlock value that makes sense from a long-term value-creation perspective. Where we are not investing, because the assets do not currently compete effectively for capital within our portfolio, we are considering how we might monetize or bring forward the value associated with those assets. Similarly, if we have assets that we do not believe are being appropriately reflected in our stock price, we are working to determine how that value might be realized or more appropriately reflected in our stock. The evaluation of such alternatives is nothing new at Devon. Long-term Devon shareholders know we have never hesitated to take action to unlock value. Over the last decade alone, we have sold more than $18 billion of assets at very favorable prices. These sales include the assets we disposed in the strategic repositioning of our company to focus on the North American onshore business. In addition, we have bought back almost 25 percent of our common stock, more than any other independent exploration and production company. Rest assured, any initiative with which we move forward will not be to generate a short-lived bump in our stock price, but rather to create long-term value for our shareholders. Subsequent to 2012, Devon continued its tradition of increasing the return of capital to our shareholders through our dividend. In March, our board increased our quarterly dividend by 10 percent to $0.22 per share. This marks the eighth dividend increase since 2004, representing an annual compound growth rate of 24 percent. This recent increase reflects our continuing confidence in our long-term strategy, our asset base and our financial strength. As we progress into 2013, I am excited about Devon's future. Though we continue to face uncertain macro-economic conditions, we believe our disciplined approach to the business and commitment to per-share growth will set Devon apart from its competition. With our talented workforce committed to achieving excellence in execution, controlling costs, maximizing capital efficiency and continuously improving, I am confident we will realize attractive returns for our shareholders in the years to come.

John Richels President and Chief Executive Officer April 3, 2013

