5In 2000, Devon Energy Corporation extended its chronicleof record-breaking performances:• Net earnings climbed to $730 million, or $5.50 per share,an all-time record.• Revenues were $2.8 billion, up 118% over our previousall-time record set in 1999.• Oil and natural gas production reached an all-time highof 121 million barrels of oil equivalent, 38% greater than 1999.• Estimated proved reserves of oil and natural gas also advancedto record levels—1.1 billion barrels of oil equivalent.• 1,261 successful oil and gas wells were drilled replacing 129%of 2000 production.These results reflect the impact of one of Devon’s mostimportant achievements of the year—our merger with Santa FeSnyder Corporation. The merger was announced in May and wasoverwhelmingly approved by the shareholders of both companieson August 29, 2000. We issued 40.6 million new Devon commonshares in exchange for all the outstanding shares of Santa Fe. Thismerger brought to Devon 386 million equivalent barrels of oil andgas reserves, substantial current production and 16 millionundeveloped acres of land. More importantly, it was additive to oiland gas reserves per share, production per share, earnings pershare and cash flow per share.THE RIGHT ASSETSIn addition to improving company-wide and per shareoperating results, the Santa Fe merger strengthens our portfolio ofoil and gas properties. The merger adds significantly to each ofDevon’s historic core operating areas in the U.S. In the PermianBasin of west Texas and southeast New Mexico, Devon wasalready a top operator—the merger further reinforces ourdominance. We now control almost 800,000 net acres in thePermian and we are the largest independent oil producer in thestate of New Mexico. In the Rocky Mountains, Santa Fe’sportfolio of high-quality conventional oil and gas propertiescomplements Devon’s dominant coalbed methane position. In theGulf of Mexico, Santa Fe’s offshore blocks further reinforce ourposition as one of the largest operators on the shelf. In addition,Santa Fe brings an inventory of deepwater Gulf developmentprojects with a growing production profile. Outside NorthAmerica, the Santa Fe merger expands and diversifies our internationaloperations. Santa Fe’s producing properties, most notablyin South America and Indonesia, and its exploration prospects inWest Africa, are strategic additions to Devon’s world-class oilfield in Azerbaijan.d i r e c t i o n .The rightLETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS6Building the right assets not only requires assemblingconcentrations of high-quality oil and gas properties, it requiresdivesting those properties that do not fit. To that end, we soldseveral non-core properties during 2000. Our divestituresincluded the SACROC oil field in the Permian Basin, all of our oiland gas properties in Appalachia and our holdings in Venezuela.These were assets that came to Devon in the 1999 acquisition ofPennzEnergy. We sold these properties because they had lowoperating margins or were outside our areas of geographic focus.Our 2001 exploration and development budget of $1.1billion should yield yet another record for annual oil and gasproduction this year. This near-term growth will result primarilyfrom lower-risk drilling projects in our traditional operating areasin North America. However, Devon’s expansion in recent yearshas transformed the company into a formidable competitor forindustry opportunities around the globe. In addition to near-termproduction growth, our 2001 budget will fund a record $390million of high potential exploration projects. These projectsrange from deep gas exploration in the foothills of BritishColumbia to testing world-class oil prospects in the deepwaterGulf of Mexico. These projects have the potential to provideDevon and its shareholders meaningful long-term growth.THE RIGHT ORGANIZATIONNot only have Devon’s mergers and acquisitions broughtthe company concentrations of high quality oil and gas properties,they have brought together a wealth of human resources as well.Devon’s employees, old and new, have joined together to meet thechallenges of managing the company’s growth.Devon’s dramatic growth over the last few years hasdemanded changes to the company’s organizational structure. Wehave organized Devon’s U.S. properties into three operatingdivisions. We integrated Santa Fe’s Gulf of Mexico assets intoDevon’s Gulf Division under the leadership of that division’s VicePresident and General Manager, Bill Van Wie. Rick Clark, aDevon Vice President and General Manager prior to the merger,assumed responsibility for the combined company’sPermian/Mid-Continent Division. Following the merger, DonDeCarlo joined Devon from Santa Fe as Vice President andGeneral Manager of the newly created Rocky Mountain Division.Duane Radtke also joined us from Santa Fe to direct ourexpanding International Division. Our Canadian Division remainsunder the capable leadership of John Richels.Bill Van Wie, Don DeCarlo and Duane Radtke are but threeof the many talented and experienced professionals that havejoined Devon over the last two years. By selectively offeringpositions to members of the PennzEnergy and Santa Fe staffs, wehave assembled a highly qualified and energized team. Our staffof petrotechnical professionals has grown to over 350 from about100 just two years ago.Terms of the merger also predicated changes to Devon’sBoard of Directors. William Greehey, John Hill and Melvyn Kleinjoined the board from Santa Fe. At that transition MoultonGoodrum, John Hagg, Henry Hamman, H. R. Sanders and BrentScowcroft left the Devon board. I acknowledge the valuablecontribution of each departing director and heartily welcome ournew directors. James Pate, who resigned his position as Chairmanof the Board in 2000, warrants special recognition. The acquisitionand smooth integration of PennzEnergy would not have beenpossible without his valuable assistance.James Payne, previously CEO and Chairman of Santa FeSnyder, joined Devon as Vice Chairman of the Board uponcompletion of the merger. Jim retired in January of 2001. Hissupport and guidance during the merger and integration of ourcompanies were invaluable. We are deeply indebted to him forthis lasting contribution.Just six months after the Santa Fe merger, integration of thetwo companies is essentially complete. This process wasexpedited by the natural geographic fit of the Devon and Santa Feproperties. Contributing to the ease of integration was thevaluable experience gained through our successful integration ofPennzEnergy in 1999. The structural reorganization Devon implementedwith the PennzEnergy acquisition provided a readyplatform for further growth. When the opportunity to merge withSanta Fe arose, Devon was positioned to confidently take anotherleap forward.THE RIGHT BALANCEIn spite of the challenge of integrating the largest merger inthe company’s history during 2000, we demonstrated remarkablygood performance with the drill bit. We successfully completed95% of the 1,328 wells drilled during the year. This added oil andgas reserves through discoveries and revisions of 156 millionbarrels of oil equivalent. Before acquisitions, we replaced 129%of total 2000 production. With related capital costs of just over$900 million, our 2000 finding and development cost fromdrilling and revisions was only $5.80 per barrel of oil equivalent.Projects spanning the risk spectrum contributed to thesuccess of Devon’s 2000 drilling efforts. We drilled over 500successful low-risk wells in our coalbed methane projects in theRocky Mountains. In the Permian/Mid-Continent Division wedrilled 322 wells with a success rate of 98%. In the Gulf ofMexico we executed an active exploitation program with excellentresults. These low risk exploitation and development projectswere balanced with high impact exploratory drilling. We successfullycompleted high potential wells in the Gulf of Mexico, in thefoothills of western Canada and in south Louisiana. For moredetail on Devon’s 2000 drilling activities, see the propertiesdiscussion beginning on page 15 of this annual report.7THE RIGHT FINANCIAL RESOURCESDuring 2000, we took important steps to further strengthenour balance sheet and ensure a level of financial flexibility thatwill allow us to capture future growth opportunities:• In June 2000, we issued $346 million of zero coupon convertibledebentures at an effective annual interest rate of just 3.875%.The proceeds from the sale of these debentures were usedprimarily to repay higher rate debt.• In August 2000, we increased our unsecured long-term creditfacilities to $1 billion.• Also in August, we initiated a commercial paper program thatallows Devon to meet short-term borrowing needs at ratesavailable to only the largest and strongest of companies.Mergers and acquisitions, especially when debt is assumed,can weaken the financial strength of the acquirer. Quite theopposite was the case with Devon and Santa Fe. Immediatelyupon closing the merger in August, Devon received an upgrade toour already enviable credit rating. In doing so, the rating agenciesapplauded our larger property base, increased cash flow and financialdiscipline. Devon’s credit rating now puts us in the fellowshipof much larger companies.THE RIGHT OUTLOOKDevon’s impressive financial results in 2000 reflect exceptionallyhigh prices for oil and natural gas. The outlook for 2001oil and gas prices remains unusually strong. However, we knowfrom past experience that market conditions can change quickly.Armed with this knowledge, we will continue to position Devonto take advantage of volatile oil and gas prices. We will makeinvestment decisions based on realistic long-term oil and gas priceassumptions. We will concentrate our operations in the areaswhere we can be most competitive. We will keep our overall coststructure low and our balance sheet strong.As I look to 2001 and beyond, I am extremely optimisticabout Devon’s future. Our base of high quality producing propertiesshould generate another year of record oil and gas production.In addition, we have more long-term growth potential throughexploration than ever before. We have dedicated and experiencedstaff across the organization. We have extensive experience incompleting acquisitions that deliver per share growth. And wehave the financial strength and flexibility to pursue almost anyopportunity we select. Devon Energy Corporation has the rightresources to deliver the growth that you have come to expect.J. LARRY NICHOLSPresident, Chief Executive Officerand Chairman of the Board of DirectorsMarch 12, 2001• Bureau of Land Management Director’s Excellence Award for operations in New Mexico,• The Gas Processors Association Accident Prevention Award for operations at our Worland,Wyoming gas plant,• A Gold Champion Level Reporter Award from Canada’s Climate Change Voluntary Challenge andRegistry Incorporated, and• Special recognition by the Republic of Indonesia for Devon’s outstanding safety record as anoperator on the island of Sumatra.Environmental and Safety AwardsDevon is routinely recognized by governments and industrial groups for exemplaryenvironmental, health and safety performance. In 2000, Devon received four prestigious awardsfor environmental and safety excellence: