The Dixie Group 2004 Annual Report
LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
With the sale of our North Georgia operations in late 2003, we began 2004 with an abun- dance of optimism and much to prove. As a result of the sale, Dixie was transformed into a smaller company with a strong balance sheet, tremendous growth potential, and a commit- ment to the upper end of the market where our brands were welcomed and rewarded.
During the year, we were able to take advantage of and build on the opportunities at hand. In 2004, we grew our top line 25%, maintained our 34% gross profit margin, and significantly increased operating profit and net income.
Higher revenues were driven primarily by our residential carpet business, which grew 31% compared with the prior year. This increase was more than three times higher than the growth rate of the carpet industry as a whole. The success of the Dixie Home collec- tion of products, introduced in early 2003, has exceeded our expectations and accounted for almost half of our total sales growth. The residential products of Masland and Fabrica also grew at rates well above those of the residential carpet market. Our commercial carpet business rose 15%, almost double the growth rate of the total commercial carpet market. The commercial carpet business was particularly strong in the last half of the year as corporate markets began to experience improved demand.
The rapid growth we experienced in 2004 allowed us to utilize our manufacturing assets and people to a better advantage. While our sales increased 25%, our number of associates increased less than 3%. In 2005, we will continue investing in technology that will help us continue to improve productivity while creating differentiated and beautiful products. We also will add capacity to produce carpet tile and expand our dis- tribution capabilities.
1

The Dixie Group 2004 Annual Report
The challenges before us today are very similar to the challenges we faced a year ago. We have excellent retail placement with our existing brands, including Dixie Home. Now, our efforts are focused on becoming more meaningful to the customers with whom we are partnering. This means helping them sell more highly styled, upper-end carpet in both the residential and commercial markets.
The outlook for success in 2005 is promising. The placements we have established in growth markets have positioned our businesses well to continue growing. New product introductions at Fabrica, Masland, and Dixie Home are driving more business through our existing residential distribution channels, making us more important to our customers. The contract market climate also appears to be improving. Our strongest revenue gains in 2004 occurred during the fourth quarter. This trend has continued into the first quarter of 2005, leading us to believe that revenues will increase in the 15% range this year.
Over the past year, we have built a stronger company and have made progress in near- ly all areas of measurement. Our partnerships with our customers and suppliers, the com- mitment of our associates, and the support and confidence of our Board of Directors and shareholders Ð all have been essential to our success. We wish to thank each of these important stakeholders for their loyal support during the past year and look forward to reporting on our continuing progress as 2005 unfolds.
Yours truly,
Daniel K. Frierson
 2
