              LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
2007was a year of challenge for the carpet industry. The well-publicized slowdown in housing starts, dramatically declining sales of new and existing housing units, and sub-prime credit worries all combined to deliver a significant blow to carpet and rug manufacturers. For 2007, overall industry sales declined 8%, with a drop of 13.1% in residential carpet sales offset only slightly by a modest 1.6% increase in commercial carpet sales. This overall decline continued negative trends that began in 2006, affecting both units and dollars. By year-end, industry sales volumes were well below their high point in 2005. Despite these difficulties, the industry is well capitalized and generally quite profitable. The question is, how do we best
respond in this environment?
The industry's response to the slowdown has been to simplify and retrench, which is consistent with their
predominant business model. At The Dixie Group, we have taken a different approach, one dictated by our concentration in the high end of the residential and commercial markets and by our belief that continued development of new and differentiated products and investments in our infrastructure will better position us to take advantage of the market's inevitable upturn.
Our approach has allowed us to capture market share. Although there is no doubt that industry weakness has had a negative impact on our business, we have grown much faster than the industry. Our revenue increased during the two-year period ended in 2007, and over the last five years, the compound annual growth rate of our carpet business has been 9.2%, significantly higher than the 2.1% compound annual growth rate reported for the same period by the industry as a whole.
Last year our carpet sales declined only 2.8%. While our residential sales were down 9.1%, our commercial carpet sales rose 10.5%. A closer look at those numbers reveals that over 95% of our total carpet sales decline resulted from lower sales of residential carpet to one large home center customer.
Our segment of the market demands innovative styling and the highest manufacturing quality, and these demands do not vanish during an economic downturn. Accordingly, much of our focus in 2007 was devoted to enhancing our operational performance while investing for the future. We significantly strengthened our manufacturing leadership and are moving toward a new level in operating performance. Improved quality, service and efficiencies are reflected in higher operating margins. While the industry reduced product offerings and capacity, we pursued significant growth initiatives, developed new products and invested in our facilities. We believe our efforts will pay off.
Our new products have been well received by our customers, and we have increased our share of the markets we serve. On the residential side, we developed a number of exciting new nylon products in order to enhance our position as a styling trendsetter and market leader in high-end residential markets. Dixie Home's Lifestyles collection has been redesigned with more patterned products to position the entire collection at higher price points. We also entered the wool carpet market to strengthen Masland's and Fabrica's presence in the highest price points of the marketplace.
On the commercial side, our new modular/carpet tile products, introduced in late 2006, continued to gain momentum throughout 2007 and are now achieving consistent growth and profitability. Placement with
104 Nowlin Lane, Suite 101 Chattanooga,Tennessee 37421
 
              LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
retailers of our Dixie Home and Office collection of Stainmaster¨ commercial carpets has exceeded our expectations. Importantly, this collection of commercial carpets was the very first in the industry to carry the Stainmaster¨ brand and it is beginning to grow consistently.
Capital expenditure investments totaled $16.7 million in 2007, almost $4.0 million higher than our depreciation and amortization. We also repurchased 157,407 shares of our Common Stock for $1.6 million, or an average price of $9.91 per share. With the merger of our only remaining defined benefit retirement plan into a multi-employer plan late last year, we no longer sponsor any defined benefit retirement plans. Thus, despite the economic downturn, we strengthened our balance sheet, grew stockholders' equity to $142.1 million and reduced total debt to $88.6 million, or 38.4% of total capitalization.
Severe weakness in the housing industry and tough credit conditions likely will persist in 2008 and continue to affect demand for residential carpet products throughout the year. Indeed, we've seen evidence of softness in our sales since the start of 2008. Nevertheless, we are optimistic about the opportunities that we see ahead of us. We are particularly encouraged by:
¥ Dixie's consistently favorable sales comparisons versus the industry;
¥ Positive market reception of new products and growth initiatives;
¥ Higher gross margins as a percent of sales;
¥ Profitability of our modular/carpet tile products;
¥ Improved operational performance in quality, manufacturing, distribution and material utilization;
¥ Higher average selling prices and better product mix; and
¥ Manufacturing capacity that can accommodate over 40% growth without requiring major infrastructure
expenditures. As conditions improve and business grows, we expect to cover more of the fixed costs associated with the investments we have made.
In summary, we have focused on the future. We have continued aggressively to develop new products and
capture market share. We believe we will be uniquely positioned to benefit from improvement in the industry as it occurs.
We would like to express our appreciation to our shareholders and our Board of Directors for their continued support and confidence and to our associates for their hard work and dedication.
Sincerely,
Daniel K. Frierson Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 10, 2008
104 Nowlin Lane, Suite 101 Chattanooga,Tennessee 37421
 