Dixie returned to profitability in 2011 for the first time since the severe downturn of 2008-2009. Our industryexperienced a decline of unprecedented magnitude and is still struggling to return to more normal times. Weare fortunate that the luxury segment of the market, which we serve, appears to be performing better than themarket in general. Since the 2009 trough, the industry has grown less than 5 percent whileDixie has experienced33 percent growth in carpet sales. In 2011, we had sales growth in all of our brands which further indicates thatthe upper-end business is in the process of recovering from the historic downturn. Last year our sales ofresidential products were up 16 percent compared to a slight decline for the industry. Our commercial productsalso outperformed the industry with sales up 11 percent versus industry growth of approximately 7 percent.We have strengthened our positioning for the future by investing in beautiful differentiated products, focusingon operational improvements to adjust to the new normal, and strengthening our balance sheet with newlong-term financing. We have taken these actions to continue our growth in a difficult market environment.With emphasis on providing a clear alternative to the market and a leaner cost structure, we feel we are wellpositionedto continue to take advantage of the improved conditions in the luxury market.We have been in the process of further aligning our processes to fit our new operational structure. In 2011, weimplemented a new planning system to streamline inventory control and enhance customer service, successfullydeveloped our wool tufting center of excellence in our California facility, introduced new heat settingtechnology in our yarn operation, and continued refinement of our re-aligned residential sales organization.Over the next year, we will continue to further refine our mission for each of our operations with emphasis onflexibility to respond quickly to changes in market conditions.Although we were profitable for the year, our second half results were negatively impacted by higherinvestments in new products. However, we believe that as we continue to introduce new products, we will reapthe rewards with above-industry growth. Our commercial business improved in 2011, led by improvement inmodular tile products. Our goal is to continue to extend our design expertise to the upper-end commercialmarket with fresh and exciting styling, texture and pattern, both in broadloom and tile products.The success of our Stainmaster¨ Luxerell¨ nylon products in Fabrica, Masland, and Dixie Home is due to newvibrant products, as well as expanded display merchandising that is increasing our sales per store. We continueto innovate by differentiating our products through multiple yarn systems that vary luster and shade along withour expertise in pattern and color. Looking into 2012, we are excited about our new Stainmaster¨ SolarMax¨L E T T E R TO SHA R EHO L D E R S2208 South Hamilton StreetDalton, Georgia 30721-49742 0 1 1 A n n u a l R e p o r tproducts, with inherent stain and fade resistance, and TruSoftª products, the new standard for softfloorcovering. In addition, we have developed technology that will allow us to offer unlimited custom colorselection in wool, a Fabrica exclusive. This and other technologies enable us to offer distinctive products, thusseparating us from the competition.From a financial standpoint, we successfully negotiated a new credit facility, allowing us to pay off oursubordinated debt early and lower our annual principal and interest payments. In 2012, we will continue ourfocus on the balance sheet with modest capital expenditures, improved inventory leverage, and tight costcontrols. Our capital expenditures are expected to be $6.0 million, while our depreciation and amortization isexpected to be approximately $9.5 million in 2012.Going forward our goal continues to be satisfying our customers with beautiful products and outstandingservice. Our plan in 2012 is to take advantage of better business conditions through increased sales andincreasing profitability. We will maintain our focus on reducing costs through better quality, efficiency andimproved inventory, and fixed asset utilization. We believe that as we leave behind the most difficult periodever experienced by our industry and our company, we must strive for sustained and profitable growth. Dueto our investments in new technology and new products, we are in a position to continue to grow at a fasterpace than the industry.We would like to express our appreciation to our customers, our shareholders, and our Board of Directors foryour continued support and to our associates for their dedication and hard work.Sincerely,Daniel K. FriersonChairman and Chief Executive OfficerMarch 22, 20122208 South Hamilton StreetDalton, Georgia 30721-4974L E T T E R TO SHA R EHO L D E R S2 0 1 1 A n n u a l R e p o r t