The Dixie Group 2005 Annual Report
LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
We began 2005 with tremendous momentum Ð with carpet sales up 32% in the fourth quarter of 2004 and 26% for 2004 as a whole. During the first half of 2005, carpet sales grew at 18%, and East Coast order entry increased 50% for the month of April.
This continued surge in demand created major operational issues in our manufacturing and dis- tribution facilities that serviced Masland Residential, Masland Contract, and Dixie Home. Our costs increased as operations became less efficient. In addition, raw material prices rose and operating costs escalated for items such as natural gas.
As we progressed through the second quarter, longer delivery schedules and missed shipping dates began to affect our order entry and rate of sales growth. Simply stated, we had overrun our opera- tional capabilities, resulting in delayed shipments and product introductions, significantly higher costs, and poorer service and quality. Obviously, we had to take corrective actions.
We addressed these issues in the short term by adding people, lengthening operating schedules, and outsourcing production when appropriate. All of these actions improved customer service, but had a negative impact on our costs. It became apparent that we needed to accelerate some key capi- tal expenditures and make some management changes to help remedy the situation.
At mid-year, we named a new manager at our Saraland Distribution Center and two months later, we added a new manager at our Atmore Tufting Facility. We also created and filled a new position - Director of Quality. Later in the year, we promoted two associates from within. Craig Lapeere moved to Fabrica as President of that business unit, and Kennedy Frierson replaced him as President of Masland Residential.
During the last half of the year, we completed the move into our new distribution center in North Georgia and began adding tufting capability there. To better utilize our West Coast operations, we consolidated three facilities into two and began producing products for our East Coast operation there. We also installed equipment to start our carpet tile operation, which will be in production by the second quarter of this year.
1

The Dixie Group 2005 Annual Report
Initially, these changes and initiatives caused us to incur costs to start up and consolidate opera- tions; however, these actions are already beginning to pay off in reduced costs and complexities, and improved quality and service, placing us in a better position for future growth.
The outlook for success in 2006 is promising. Our manufacturing and distribution facilities are now running on normal operating schedules. Products are being shipped at historical, on-time rates, and our product quality is improving. The new distribution facilities in North Georgia and on the West Coast are now fully operational. Three of the six tufting machines scheduled for North Georgia are up and running, and the remaining tufting equipment is on schedule to be installed and operating by early in the second quarter of 2006. The development of our new modular product line is nearing completion, and we expect to begin shipping these products to customers in the second quarter of 2006.
The trends we are seeing in our order entry and sales lead us to believe that revenue will increase in the 7% to 12% range in 2006. Many of the barriers that reduced our profitability in 2005 have been addressed, giving us confidence about the future. Although we accelerated capital expenditures during 2005 to over $27.0 million, our balance sheet remains strong, with a ratio of total debt-to-cap- italization of 43%. Longer term, we are more comfortable with a ratio of total debt-to-capitalization in the mid- to low 30s. Capital expenditures during 2006 should return to more normal levels of approximately $15.0 million.
With the continued support of our associates, Board of Directors, and shareholders, we believe the steps we have taken will lead to a strengthening of our Company in the coming year. We wish to thank each of these important stakeholders for their loyal support during 2005 and look forward to reporting on our continuing progress as 2006 unfolds.
Yours truly,
Daniel K. Frierson
 2
