As we began 2002, even though economic times were uncertain, we
were committed to several specific objectives. First, we wanted to con-
tinue the operational improvement that was underway. Secondly, we
wanted to reduce debt in order to pay the Fabrica contingent payment
and refinance the Company’s debt. Lastly, we were committed to
beginning growth initiatives in each business, which would improve
our 2003 sales.
OPERATIONAL IMPROVEMENT
Throughout our Company, we are developing a cost-reduction cul-
ture, which has resulted in continued operational improvement.
Through engineered standards, teams, and team incentives, we have been
able to tap the talent in our Company.
We have shown steady progress in virtually every measurable area of
our operations. Our safety record was the best ever. Our manufactur-
ing costs continued to decline, while our quality continued to improve.
In addition, our customers experienced better service and deliveries. As
a result of our operational improvements, our gross margin improved
from 21.3% in 2001 to 23.7% last year, which helped drive our prof-
itability improvement.
FINANCIAL IMPROVEMENT
Debt reduction continued to be a high priority. Through sales of non-
strategic assets, minimization of capital expenditures, and better prof-
itability, we reduced debt by $44.8 million in 2002. Since its high point
in August 2000, we have reduced debt by 44%, or a total of $116 million by year-end. This reduction enabled us to pay the Fabrica contingent
payment in March 2003 and simultaneously refinance the Company,
which better positions us for the future.
PROFITABLE GROWTH
Profitable sales growth was also a high priority, and we began several
initiatives in 2002 that should bear fruit this year.
With the support of key suppliers, we have greatly accelerated the rate
of new residential product introductions at both Masland and Fabrica.
The impact of these new products is just beginning to be felt.
Masland Commercial introduced a new line of unbranded commer-
cial products, giving us broader market coverage. This eNeRGy line was
introduced in July and has been well received. Its sales are currently help-
ing us show sales growth compared with last year.
The consolidation of our industry has opened a door of opportunity
for Dixie as a major supplier of higher-end products. With this in mind,
our North Georgia business has developed a new line of higher-end, dif-
ferentiated carpet, marketed under the "Dixie Home" name. This effort,
led by David Polley, has been extremely well received, with a very strong
placement of the collection. Samples will be in the field soon; and by the
third quarter, we should begin to benefit from additional sales.
Robert (Bo) Sudderth is retiring from The Dixie Group’s Board of
Directors. He joined the Board in 1983 and provided insightful leader-
ship during our transition from a textile company to a floorcovering com-
pany. We appreciate his many years of input and will miss his counsel.
As we enter 2003, our focus is very similar to last year’s. In our ongo-
ing effort to enhance shareholder value, we will continue our operational improvement efforts and the de-leveraging of our balance sheet. We will
also focus on implementing the growth plans developed last year.
The following pages describe in more detail the successes we have
experienced and our plans to grow the business profitably.
These improvements and plans for the future are based on the part-
nership we have with our customers and suppliers, the commitment of
our associates, and the support and confidence of our Board of Directors
and shareholders. We would like to thank each of these important stake-
holders and reaffirm our commitment to them and the values that have
guided Dixie for 83 years.
Sincerely,
Daniel K. Frierson
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
March 24, 2003