L E T T E R TO SHA R EHO L D E R S
2009 will go on record as the most challenging period in the history of the carpet business. Carpet salesduring the year were down 20% for the industry, and units were down 40% from the peakperiod in early 2006. This year we have had to re-evaluate all of our business assumptions in light of theweak economy. This was a year of intense change and restructuring for The Dixie Group. Consistent withthe rest of the industry, we saw year over year declines moderate in the third and fourth quarters andsigns of an economic recovery. Our focus during this period has been on reducing costs, improvingoperations, strengthening our balance sheet by reducing debt, and continuing to bring to market beautiful,differentiated product.Carpet sales for the industry were down 19.6%. The drop in sales for the fourth quarter for the industry,compared to last year, was only 13.7%. Our residential products were only down 4.6% in the fourth quarteror less than half the 9.7% decline for the industry. Even though the upper end of the market dropped furtherin 2008 and early 2009, we see the slowing of the market decline in our residential products as evidence thatthe upper-end also appears to be recovering ahead of the general market. In 2009, our commercial businessunderperformed relative to the industry. As we look forward, the commercial carpet business will continue toexperience a difficult environment in 2010. Fortunately, our commercial carpet business is well diversified;consequently, our sales are currently running at levels very close to last year.Starting in 2008 and continuing through 2009, we have taken a number of actions to lower our costs andreturn to profitability. We reduced salaries, eliminated our 401(k) match, significantly reduced inventoriesand capital expenditures, combined several manufacturing operations, realigned our three residentialorganizations, and reduced our number of associates by 28%. These actions have resulted in improvedmargins net of LIFO gains in each successive quarter of this year. Our gross margins have increased from alow of 20.2% in the first quarter to 27.7% in the fourth quarter.In the last few months, we have begun to experience order entry levels above those of a year ago.Hopefully, this increase is an indication that sales in 2010 will be better than those in 2009. Our residentialbusiness is beginning to improve as the confidence level of the upper-end consumer returns. We havecontinued to introduce new products which we believe better positions us for growth as the market recovers.We are particularly pleased with the new wool collections at Masland and Fabrica which show solidgrowth this year as they did last year. We are also experiencing strong sales growth in our new Durasilkpolyester products which provide a very soft hand at an affordable price point. We have recently introduceda broad array of Luxurelle nylon products in Fabrica, Masland, and Dixie Home that are generating sales inour Stainmaster branded product category. In addition, we have been able to take advantage of innovativetechnologies, such as the recently introduced ColorTron hollow needle tufting technology that provides awoven look with tufting flexibility. This and other new technologies enable us to offer differentiated products,separating us from the competition.L E T T E R TO SHA R EHO L D E R S104 Nowlin Lane, Suite 101Chattanooga, Tennessee 374212009From a financial standpoint, we continue to make strides in deleveraging our balance sheet. Throughlower capital expenditures, decreasing inventory, and stringent expense controls, we were able to reduce debtby $26.1 million, or about 28% in 2009. In 2010 we will continue our debt reduction plan with modestcapital expenditures, estimated at $3 million, further inventory reductions and proceeds from a $6 milliontax refund. Our depreciation and amortization will decrease from $13.5 million in 2009 to approximately$11.8 million in 2010. We will also continue our S,G&A and other cost reductions, which should improveour profitability.Our focus going forward continues to be on lowering costs through quality and efficiency improvements,lowering inventory investment while maintaining outstanding service to our customers and increasingprofitability without impacting our capability of responding to better business conditions.We believe that the most difficult period for our company, our suppliers, and our customers is now behindus. Further, due to our investments in new technology and new products we think we are in a position to onceagain grow at a pace faster than the industry.We would like to express our appreciation to our customers, our shareholders and the Board of Directorsfor your continued support and confidence and to our associates for their hard work and dedication..Sincerely,Daniel K. FriersonChairman and Chief Executive OfficerMarch 9, 2010104 Nowlin Lane, Suite 101Chattanooga, Tennessee 37421