Fellow Shareholders and Associates:
The year 2000 was one of intensive restructuring and consolidation. Accomplishing
these tasks was critical to becoming more cost effective and maintaining our strong
market positions. We began the year with a comprehensive plan to restructure and
expand our Candlewick extrusion and yarn facilities. Later in the year, we consolidated our North Georgia operations to service the growing home center business
more efficiently and to better utilize the capacity being created by the slowdown in
the factory-built housing market.
Consolidating the North Georgia operations included:
• Eliminating several less efficient distribution points and constructing a fully
integrated distribution complex near our manufacturing facilities;
• Integrating operations into a common, more advanced computer system;
• Restructuring Candlewick's extrusion and yarn operations, shifting products
and machinery among plants in several states; and
• Training and realigning manufacturing personnel to create better efficiencies
and bring more value and focus to each of our markets.
This restructuring and consolidation was a monumental task that affected nearly 65
percent of the Company. Concurrently, the slowing economy had an adverse impact
on our operations. Remarkably, throughout all of these challenges, our associates
maintained service levels to our customers. These issues are now substantially behind
us. Although we are faced with an uncertain economy, we expect to return to proftability in the second quarter.
We continue to bring our costs in line with anticipated revenues. In addition to con-
solidating the North Georgia tufted manufacturing operations, we are aggressively
reducing non-essential costs. We closed an inefficient dyeing operation, sold certain
non-critical assets, and are evaluating options for other non-strategic assets. Since July
2000, we have eliminated 455 positions, including 120 salaried personnel in the
North Georgia operations.
The Dixie Group has been reshaped to reduce costs substantially, lower debt, enhance
its competitive position, and improve value to our shareholders.
Our focus for 2001 will be to continue to grow the high-end business, generate
increased cash flow, and improve the Company's balance sheet. We are requiring that
all associates actively pursue a renewed discipline toward keeping costs under control.
This ongoing cost reduction plan includes:
• Better utilization of assets through the North Georgia restructuring and
consolidation;
• Reduced capital expenditures;
• Aggressively identifying and cutting non-essential costs;
• Selling non-critical assets and evaluating options for other non-strategic assets;
and
• Operationally, focusing on improving costs and quality while reducing and
more efficiently managing inventories.
In 2001, we will keep capital expenditures to less than $15 million, focusing on our
high-end business at Masland and Fabrica, which continues to grow in sales and
profitability. Our acquisition of Fabrica in July 2000 should boost high-end sales in
2001 to about 35 percent of our business.
The depressed factory-built housing industry continues to have a negative impact on
our business at Carriage, which is turning to new markets that may benefit from its
strengths. The home center business served by Globaltex continues to be affected by
the slowdown in the economy, but we are maintaining a strong position in that mar-
ket. Economic conditions are also having an adverse impact on the retail specialty
flooring operations under Bretlin, but it remains a strong supplier in its markets.
We begin 2001 renewed. Many of the barriers to profitability have been removed.
We continue to maintain market share by making our customers more successful.
Pat Brock is retiring from The Dixie Group’s Board of Directors. Since 1983, he has
helped guide us and develop our strategies for the future. We are appreciative of Pat’s
input, counsel, and support and will greatly miss his wisdom and insight.
The measures we have taken this past year and the principles that will continue to
guide us in the future should restore us to profitability. We thank our shareholders for
their continued confidence and our associates for their hard work and dedication.
Daniel K. Frierson
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
March 27, 2001