2
 Letter to Shareholders
 Fellow Shareholders and Associates:
In 2001, The Dixie Group was prof- itable, despite a difficult economy. We implemented an aggressive strategy to strengthen our balance sheet, consolidate operations and eliminate barriers to prof- itable growth. The strategy we began in mid-2000 is continuing and, by the end of the year 2001, included the following results:
• Reduced our workforce by 25 percent; • Reduced inventories by 26 percent; and • Reduced debt by 27 percent.
During 2001, we focused on eliminating the problems we identified in the previ- ous year. We continued consolidating our North Georgia operations, merging three tufting operations into one, three dyeing operations into one, and multiple distri- bution centers into one. In addition, we combined three information systems. In early 2002, we closed a small carpet yarn plant in California and moved Candlewick's headquarters to Calhoun, locating it with our North Georgia operations. The yarn manufactured in
the California facility can be more effi- ciently produced in the Company's larger plants in the Southeast.
Fabrica, which we acquired in mid-2000, continues to increase its sales in the high- end residential market with newly introduced products and handcrafted rugs. Masland, which serves the high-end residential and commercial markets, is increasing its offerings of distinctively designed products to enhance its market position and growth. The home center market continues to be an important part of our business where we can give customers exclusivity with our differenti- ated products. We are also encouraged by the opportunities we see in the retail specialty market. The relationships we have developed with "selective" retailers, together with the introduction of innova- tive products and programs, should result in this becoming an important market for us.
The factory-built housing market is recovering after a long slump and we expect the recovery to have a positive impact on Carriage, the largest carpet
THE DIXIE GROUP / 2001 ANNUAL REPORT

supplier to that market. Dixie associates were among those this year to receive a Circle Of Excellence award from Fleetwood Homes. To receive the annual award, a supplier must have scored above 98 percent on Fleetwood’s customer satisfaction index that includes timely deliveries, superior quality, and product problem resolution.
We are moving forward to refinance our senior credit facility and have executed a commitment letter for replacement financ- ing with a new lender with the goal of having a new credit facility in place in the second quarter of 2002. Our debt, includ- ing amounts advanced under the Company's accounts receivable securitiza- tion program, was reduced over $47.0 million during 2001. The majority of the debt reduction was accomplished by tight control of working capital and capital spending.
Over the past year, we have built a stronger company and have made progress in nearly all areas of measure- ment. With the market positions we enjoy in our primary businesses, we
believe we are now on course to take advantage of opportunities that will occur as the economy improves and the floor- covering industry continues to consolidate. We look forward to addressing an improv- ing economy with our more efficient operations and improved cost position. We are determined to continuously improve our company for our shareholders, customers and associates.
While business started out soft in the first quarter of 2002, the momentum we are seeing in most of our markets makes us optimistic that sales and profitability will be stronger this year. We are excited about our new business relationships, new products and the changes that are taking place in our markets.
We thank our shareholders for their continued support and confidence and our associates for their hard work and dedication.
Daniel K. Frierson
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 19, 2002
3
 Letter to Shareholders
 THE DIXIE GROUP / 2001 ANNUAL REPORT
