TO OUR INVESTORS:Dynegy made significant progress on a number of important strategic, operational and financial fronts in2007. During 2008, our commitment is to maximize the potential of our business platform to deliver even morevalue for our investors.As we continue to gain momentum in executing our strategies for growth and value creation, our primaryfocus remains on realizing the significant opportunities that we see for our business, our markets and our people.These strategies include:• Operating our diverse portfolio of assets reliably, efficiently and safely, with a focus on meetingenvironmental guidelines and protecting our natural resources;• Seeking opportunities to build or expand power plants through our portfolio of brownfield and greenfielddevelopment options; and• Evaluating and realizing industry opportunities to expand our diversified portfolio through mergers oracquisitions.During 2007, we built a solid business foundation for capturing strategic market opportunities, and today wedon’t need a strategic makeover, a transforming event or dramatic improvements in market conditions to delivervalue. We demonstrated this in 2007 with our solid financial performance, and we expect this trend to continue in2008 and beyond.Dynegy’s plan to Operate, Build and Transact is designed to produce increasing free cash flow now andinto the future, and we are focused on identifying the highest and best use of that capital for our stockholders.This could include investing in organic growth opportunities or acquisitions, or the option to return capitaldirectly to our stockholders. The driver for this will be the rate of return we can achieve for our stockholders.Before moving to our 2007 accomplishments, it is important to acknowledge that we operate in acommodity cyclical business environment. Accordingly, we continuously monitor the risk factors that we face.These include commodity prices, supply and demand issues, potential changes to regional electric marketstructures and the regulatory impacts of carbon and other applicable legislation. We believe that a focus onmaintaining awareness, continually evaluating issues and cultivating options is the right strategy for managinguncertainties.2007 AccomplishmentsOur most significant accomplishment in 2007 was the completion of our strategic acquisition of assets fromLS Power, which added 10 power plants to our portfolio and increased our generating capacity by 70 percent tonearly 20,000 megawatts. We successfully integrated these assets and systems into our company in 2007, andtoday we are benefiting from the day-to-day contributions of those assets and the 350 employees who operatethem.This acquisition provided us with an opportunity to re-enter the strategically important Western market withattractive assets – including advanced combined-cycle units with low heat rates – and other natural gas-firedplants that complement our existing presence in the Midwest and the Northeast.Another key benefit of the transaction is our participation in a dynamic development business. This gives usa platform for developing natural gas, coal and renewable options and represents an important avenue of growthfor Dynegy.During the year, we opportunistically sold non-strategic power generation assets, as well as portions of ourinterest in two of our greenfield construction projects. These transactions were consistent with our strategy, asthey yielded greater returns than we believe would have been earned had we retained the assets.3Proceeds from the sale of CoGen Lyondell, a combined-cycle facility, were $470 million or approximately$880 per kilowatt, while the amount for the pending sale of the Calcasieu peaking facility is $57 million orapproximately $160 per kilowatt. In addition, we sold the equivalent of 125 megawatts of the Plum Point facility,a coal project under construction in Arkansas, for $82 million (net of non-recourse project debt) or the equivalentof approximately $2,800 per kilowatt.The sales prices commanded by these assets underscore the underlying value of our existing operatingportfolio. With high barriers to entry to the electricity sector and tightening supplies of power generating capacityin key U.S. markets, we expect that our existing operating assets and advanced construction and developmentprojects will provide uplift to our stock price as markets acknowledge greater value for scarce assets.In 2007, Dynegy successfully completed a pair of key financings. The first related to the placement of $1.65billion of long-term, unsecured bonds, the proceeds of which were used to repay complex project debt andworking capital facilities we assumed through the acquisition of the former LS Power assets. Eliminating theseindividual financings brought these assets under our streamlined corporate financing strategy. It also eliminatedcomplex covenants and restrictions tied to the individual assets and the associated cash flow sweeps.Additionally, Sandy Creek Energy Associates, L.P., a joint venture between subsidiaries of Dynegy and LSPower, completed a $1 billion project-level financing that allowed construction to begin on the Sandy CreekPower Generation Facility in Texas in late 2007. Also relating to Sandy Creek, the joint venture sold a 25 percentinterest in the project to Brazos Electric. This Central Texas cooperative has also contracted to purchase 150megawatts of the facility’s output for a 30-year period.Our focus on financial management enabled us to enter 2008 with a flexible capital structure and nosignificant debt maturities until 2011. By maintaining appropriate debt levels, maturities and overall liquidity, weare in a strong position to support our commercial strategy in the commodity cyclical market in which weoperate. What’s more, we can be opportunistic as we evaluate potential strategic business combinations or assetacquisitions.One of our proudest achievements in 2007 was our continued strong operational performance. In terms ofin-market availability – a measure of how frequently a unit is available when called on to operate – our coal-firedfacilities ended the year at 93 percent availability. Our overall fleet set an all-time production record in 2007,with individual plants – including our 1,800-megawatt Baldwin facility – setting records as well. In the West, ourSouth Bay plant earned kudos for its full-load performance during the San Diego wildfire crisis, helping keep thelights on in that region.Furthermore, 2007 was the company’s second-best year in terms of safe operations based on OSHA totalrecordable incident rate reporting. This can be attributed to our focus on everyday workplace behaviors,individual accountability and constant vigilance.Our BusinessI’d like to share a few insights on our business, our markets and our people, and explain how they fit intoour Operate, Build and Transact strategy.The diversity of Dynegy’s power generation portfolio represents one of our key competitive advantages. Notonly is our portfolio diverse in terms of geography, fuel and dispatch, but also in terms of our commercialapproach. We sell wholesale power, capacity and ancillary services to utilities, cooperatives, municipalities andother energy companies in our key U.S. regions of the Midwest, the West and the Northeast.4Our business is commodity cyclical, and by having our “eggs” in multiple “baskets,” we are able tocapitalize on such variances as weather-driven demand and other regional market factors that may favor certainfuels and technologies. This diversity provides us with greater financial stability and gives us a competitiveadvantage over other energy sector participants that are weighted toward a particular region or fuel type.From the standpoint of portfolio diversity, the acquisition from LS Power significantly increased our naturalgas-fired generation capabilities, particularly in the West where more than one-third of our portfolio is now located.Today, approximately 70 percent of our overall portfolio is gas-fired and approximately 20 percent is coal-fired.Here is a snapshot of our three business segments: the Midwest, West and Northeast:Business SegmentsMegawatts Gas Coal Oil Plants States RegionMidwest 9,370 62% 35% 3% 16 IL, PA, KY, OH, MI, AR MISO, PJM, SERCWest 6,463 92% 5% 3% 10 CA, AZ, LA, GA, NV, TX CAISO, WECC, ERCOT, SERCNortheast 3,809 56% 20% 24% 5 NY, CT, ME NYISO, ISO-NETotal 19,642 71% 22% 7% 31Chart includes the Plum Point and Sandy Creek projects under construction in Arkansas and Texas, respectively. Fuelpercentages are based on generating capacity by region and on a fleet-wide basis.Our approach to forward sales recognizes the differences among our regional segments in terms of fuel,dispatch and merit order characteristics.Going into 2008, more than half of our expected gross margin for the year was already commercializedthrough long-, medium- and short-term sales commitments. These commitments include longer-term contracts offive years or more, including tolls or power sales agreements related to our development projects. Our mediumtermcontracts, ranging from two to five years, include structured deals and financial products, and are intendedto capture value from mid-term price trends. Short-term contracts, which last two years or less, include spot salesand contract sales.Our MarketsWe are often asked about our position in the U.S. power markets and the status of power market recovery.Recovery varies significantly by region – parts of the country have an overbuilt power generation infrastructure,5some regions are currently in a target range for reliability, and parts of the U.S. are underbuilt, meaning that moreinvestment is needed to ensure that adequate supply exists.Based on the latest data from the North American Electric Reliability Council and other sources, ourMidwest assets are positioned to enter a recovery scenario characterized by tight supply and demand in the nextcouple of years, while most of our California assets and all of our Northeast assets are currently operating in anenvironment with limited excess supply.The advancement of regional capacity markets – where utilities are able to ensure adequate supply – is afavorable development for Dynegy. Recent price data from these markets provide additional indicators of powermarket recovery. Capacity markets can serve to mitigate energy price volatility while sending appropriate pricesignals for the value of supply resources. During 2008, capacity sales are expected to be a modest contributor toEBITDA in several of our regions. We expect these sales to grow in importance over time as capacity andcapacity-type arrangements increase in the markets in which we operate.Our PeopleOne of our greatest assets is our people – from our experienced Board of Directors and ExecutiveManagement Team to our approximately 1,800 employees nationwide.Our Board provides leadership and support for our day-to-day business and guidance for our futuredirection. Importantly, our directors contribute their individual skills and expertise in support of our Operate,Build and Transact business strategy.I’m saddened to report that during 2007 and early 2008, we lost two leaders who played critical roles in ourearlier self-restructuring success. Dan Dienstbier, a former director and Chairman of the Board from 2002 to2004, passed away in April 2007. Bob Oelkers, a director since 2002 and a former Chairman of the Board’sAudit and Compliance Committee, passed away in January 2008. Dan and Bob channeled their energies to guideus through our self-restructuring and led by example through their integrity and commitment to ethical businesspractices. Dynegy’s strong culture of ethics and compliance is a significant legacy of their contributions. As acompany, we will miss them, and I will personally miss their guidance, support and wise counsel.In February 2008, we welcomed back former Board member Howard B. Sheppard, an Assistant Treasurer ofChevron Corporation. Howard served on our Board from March 2004 to April 2007 when Chevron had the rightto designate a class of directors. He returns to fill the remaining term of Bob Oelkers, and we welcome him backas a Class A Independent director.Our Executive Management Team is comprised of Dynegy executives who have a strong understanding ofthe company and the industry, as well as the proven ability to operate, execute and respond to changing businessconditions. In addition to me, the EMT includes:• Kevin Blodgett, General Counsel and Executive Vice President, Administration;• Chuck Cook, Senior Vice President of Strategic Planning, Corporate Business Development and Treasurer;• Rich Eimer, Executive Vice President of Operations;• Jason Hochberg, Executive Vice President, Commercial and Market Analytics;• Lynn Lednicky, Executive Vice President, Asset Management, Development and Regulatory Affairs; and• Holli Nichols, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.Steve Furbacher, our former President and Chief Operating Officer, retired as of December 31, 2007. Wethank him for his many contributions to the Dynegy organization over the years, and wish him the best in hiswell-deserved retirement. His legacy of safe, reliable and economic operations will continue.We continue to invest in the future of our enterprise through the active development of employees and arenewed commitment to recruiting the best and the brightest. Our Human Resources group has introduced a6comprehensive employee recruiting and development strategy to build on our existing skills and to ensure thatwe “get, grow and keep” talented individuals who together provide us with another competitive advantage. Inaddition, we are actively working to fill open positions throughout the company with energetic employees whowant to be a part of the company’s future.Our StrategyWe have discussed our 2007 accomplishments and provided a view of our business, our markets and ourpeople. This serves as a foundation for discussing our three-part Operate, Build and Transact strategy. Here, Iwould like to highlight how each of the components of our strategy represents potential value for our investors.Operate – Dynegy has established a strong track record of operating our assets safely, efficiently and reliably,while meeting environmental guidelines and protecting our natural resources in our states and operating regions.These operational achievements can be attributed to a team of dedicated operating and maintenancepersonnel at our plants. Each of them is committed to the Dynegy Guiding Principle, “Do the right things with anexpectation that the right things will happen.”Build – Our second means of creating value for investors relates to building and expanding our portfoliothrough our development joint venture with LS Power. Our high-return greenfield and brownfield developmentprojects include natural gas, coal and renewable options. Dynegy’s advantage over other energy merchants is ouradvanced pipeline of projects in various stages of development.The execution of our development strategy is expected to create meaningful new sources of cash flow as weanticipate value either through the future operation and commercialization of new assets or the sale of portions of ourinterest in development options to create present value, as with the Plum Point and Sandy Creek projects in 2007.Transact – Finally, our value creation strategy includes evaluating and pursuing potential transactions thatgrow the scale and scope of our diversified portfolio and create new options, while opportunistically harvestingembedded value in the existing portfolio.We will look at strategic value-creating transactions on an asset-by-asset basis or larger scale throughcombinations or acquisitions, which generally create greater value related to the elimination of duplicate coststructures. We expect that large-scale combinations and acquisitions will occur in the electricity sector, and westand ready should an opportunity arise that would be accretive to value.While we will take advantage of appropriate opportunities, we have no intention of acquiring just for thesake of growth. Rather, we will take a prudent and disciplined approach when analyzing investmentopportunities. If a transaction increases stockholder value, we will pursue it. Otherwise, we will work with ourcurrent fleet and development options to deliver strong financial results and cash flow returns for our investors.Through our Operate, Build and Transact business strategy, we have developed a platform for managinguncertainties in a cyclical business environment. During 2008 and into the future, our commitment is to utilizeeach component of this strategy to deliver new value for our investors.I hope that I have been able to provide you with a stronger understanding of our business and our strategyfor increasing value for stockholders. More information can be found at our web site, which I encourage allinvestors to visit, at www.dynegy.com.Thank you for your interest.Bruce A. WilliamsonChairman, President and Chief Executive OfficerFebruary 28, 20087