 To Our Shareholders, Employees, and Guests
Brinker International’s impressive portfolio of restaurant concepts has achieved another successful year.We consider our portfolio a dynamic entity, subject to change, evolution, and evaluation. Our track record of exceeding the S&P average over
the past 5 year period demonstrates the success of this philosophy, garnering Brinker International numerous industry accolades through the years for its outstanding performance.And we are meeting the challenges of working in a business climate that has changed dramatically over the past couple of years by focusing our resources on Brinker’s long- term strategy and the core strengths of our business.
As in the past, the key aspects that drive our business – the time crunch, dual income house- holds, consumer lifestyles, and the inconvenience of cooking at home – remain valid and pertinent for the future. After all, dining out is a way of life for our guests, and they’ve shown us again and again how much they appreciate our modest price points and unwavering commitment to excellence. However, complacency is not part of Brinker International’s vocabulary.We are remarkably well positioned for the growth and development of lively restaurants, keeping an eye on trends to reaffirm our claim to the “casual side of casual dining.” Franchising will continue to play an important part in the growth of the company. But we’re also exploring new avenues for growth in non-tradition- al locations like college campuses, condominium and office complexes, malls, airports, train stations, and military bases. In addition, Brinker International restaurant gift cards have become another popular way for our guests to share with family and friends the good times and good food we offer. Gift card sales increased over 30 percent this year and we expect to see sales continue to rise.
Brinker International’s tradition of innovation and dynamic leadership has resulted in another year of strong results along with several notewor- thy milestones:
• Added 134 new restaurants, bringing our systemwide total to 1,402 units.
• Systemwide sales surpassed $3.8 billion.
• Named as one of “America’s Most Admired
Companies” by Fortune magazine.
• Restaurants & Institutions’“Platinum Choice in
Chains” awarded to Romano’s Macaroni Grill
for the fifth straight year.
• Received a Platinum Award from Forbes mag-
azine as one of “America’s Best Big
Companies.”
• Stock price hit an all-time high.
These milestones have been realized by actively
improving our competitive edge. Our innovative concept teams regularly scrutinize the fundamentals of their operations, looking for ways to augment our product offerings and service while exercising fiscal stewardship and satisfying the refined tastes of our guests. Emphasis on the fundamentals while improving standards, cultivation of a talented team of creative employees in pace with disciplined growth, and dedication to integrity are among the key principles that assure the sustained achievements and positive outlook of the Brinker company.
Our enthusiasm remains undimmed because we love what we do. At Brinker, we take our jobs seriously, not ourselves – work is meant to be enjoyed and savored, just like our cuisine. Our core values of Growth, Diversity, Family, Integrity, Balance, and Passion have set the pace of our com- pany and raised the bar for an entire industry.
 4
Brinker International, Inc.

  Brinker International is a global business, but our heart is rooted in the communities we serve. Providing a “great taste of life” isn’t just about great food. It’s also about sharing the fruits of our success and improving quality of life by getting involved. We’re proud to be part of a team that is committed, not only to good business but to good works. Brinker International sponsors and operates The Pavilion at the annual Byron Nelson Golf Classic, donating the proceeds to a number of charities including the Salesmanship Club,Texas Scottish Rite Hospital for Children, and Limbs for Life. In addition, our team members provide fundraising efforts, sponsorships, and untold volunteer hours in support of local chari- ties each year.
We are fortunate, indeed, to have brought together such a resource of talent and commitment at all levels of Brinker International management.This strength is allowing us to make an almost seamless transition at the helm of the company. Ron McDougall will be ending his extremely successful tenure as Chief Executive Officer while retaining his responsibilities as Chairman of the Board. He hands his executive duties to 25-year Brinker veteran Doug Brooks, President and Chief Operating Officer since 1999.
Douglas H. Brooks
President
Ronald A. McDougall
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
Doug’s successor as Chief Operating Officer is Todd Diener, formerly President of our flagship concept, Chili’s Grill & Bar, and member of the Brinker team since 1981.
Individually strong, we’re unbeatable as a team. As in the past, we will adapt to the shifting external landscape, capitalize on the enormous energy we’ve generated, and maintain our unwavering dedication to quality, our growth plan, and common vision. Our strong foun- dation for continued expansion and enhanced value remains strategically sound.We have the right concepts, the right leaders, and the right game plan.
We thank you, our shareholders, employees,
and guests, for sharing our commitment and being such an integral part of our success. It’s an exciting time to be together as we move forward with passion and confidence.
  Ronald A. McDougall Chairman of the Board
and Chief Executive Officer
Douglas H. Brooks President
 2003 Annual Report 5
