To Our Shareholders, Team Members, Guests, Franchise Partners and Supplier Partners
During fiscal 2011, the restaurant industry continued to be tested by difficult macroeconomic conditions, flagging consumer confidence and high unemployment rates. Although navigation of the uncertain environment has been challenging, Brinker International® has continued to execute multi-dimensional strategies designed to drive shareholder value, positively impact the top line and improve the guest experience. Those changes to our business model delivered strong results last fiscal year; and it's an exciting time to be at Brinker. From the boardroom to the heart of our restaurants, Brinker brands are buzzing about the positive results we are delivering to our shareholders, guests, team members, franchise partners and supplier partners. Brinker ended the fourth quarter with composite 2.6% gain in both comp sales and traffic for our Chili's® Grill & Bar and Maggiano's Little Italy® brands, marking our company's fifth consecutive period of positive gains in those metrics. We delivered on our promise to drive shareholder value in part by repurchasing $420 million--more than 20 million shares--of company stock. Plus, we remain committed to doubling our fiscal 2010 earnings per share by the end of fiscal 2015, and our strong performance in fiscal 2011 is another significant step toward that goal. We enter fiscal 2012 buoyed by the momentum created by the success of our ongoing initiatives. Our brands stand resolute in their desire to drive guest satisfaction, team member engagement, and positive sales and traffic--in the upcoming fiscal year and beyond. We believe in the strength of Chili's Grill & Bar and Maggiano's Little Italy, both heavyweight brands in their respective industry segments. Fiscal 2011 saw the resurgence of both brands for many reasons including the re-engineering of our business models with cutting-edge strategies, the infusion of talented new leadership and strong financial results.

Chili's Grill & Bar
The Southwestern spirit and heritage of Chili's is translated into the food, service and warm hospitality we provide in our more than 1,500 company-owned and franchised restaurants everyday. This year, our flagship brand continued putting relevant, fresh spins on craveable foods that ignite the senses while exceeding the expectations of the most value-conscious guests. Last March, Chili's unveiled a long-term strategy to drive sustainable sales growth, and I am proud to say Chili's "Plan to Win" is working. We are building on the strength of Chili's core menu with an emphasis on value. For instance, the "$20 Dinner for Two" was introduced as a limited time promotion, but was so popular it's now a permanent fixture on the menu. This offer delivers great value at an affordable price. Our guests are telling us so, with value scores at the highest level we've seen in years. Chili's is also winning at lunch. Our new Lunch Break combos represent brand-changing innovation featuring great new sandwiches paired with soup or salad and served with homestyle fries. Offered at a value price point of $6, $7 and $8, these combos are a hit with guests and drive traffic for our brand. Since the rollout, declining lunch traffic has reversed, and we are seeing sustained positive trends. Lower-than-average food costs for the lunch menu also heighten positive financial results for the brand. And Chili's has found a way to keep up with the pace--literally. Chili's is now competing head-tohead with fast casual restaurants by matching the pace of the dining experience to our guests' expectations at lunch. We've achieved this through a convergence of changes in both front and heart of house processes.

Chili's completed the implementation of team service--in which two team members jointly provide full-court hospitality to a shared station of tables--in restaurants nationwide. Results include increased guest satisfaction, higher earnings for our servers and significant labor cost savings for the business. Additionally, we streamlined the heart of house labor model. Optimizing the labor component of the preparation process and maximizing food preparation yield resulted in significant reductions in both heart of house labor and food costs. Most importantly, consistent preparation means our guests receive better-tasting, high-quality meals in a timely manner. Fiscal 2012 will bring additional efficiencies in the heart of house as we start to roll out retrofitted kitchen equipment, new point-of-sale kiosks and back office systems. In our dining rooms and most visibly to our guests, we'll be placing special emphasis on the bar area and the happy hour daypart, as well as implementing new technology to grow Chili's To Go business and revitalizing our brand presence by reimaging select restaurants. Menu innovations from our culinary team will ensure every menu item delivers our brand's bold signature flavors. And our operations leadership will be focused on providing a better guest experience, making Chili's truly Like No Place Else®.

Maggiano's Little Italy
Maggiano's Little Italy continues to offer everyday value with chef-created classics and contemporary Italian-American recipes at the brand's 45 restaurants ­ 44 U.S. restaurants plus one international restaurant in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. Guests come to us for made-from-scratch dishes like homemade pastas, signature salads, prime steak and fresh fish served in a warm and nostalgic atmosphere. At Maggiano's we've seen positive trends across the board, and we fully expect that momentum to continue. Our traffic gains have been driven through an increased frequency of our core guest by creation of a new everyday value. Maggiano's "Classic Pasta" offer provides a value proposition unmatched by the competition. Guests enjoy one entrée in-restaurant and go home with a second, full entrée-- compliments of the chef. This new fixture on our menu keeps guests coming back throughout the year, growing our brand beyond special occasion dining. Making guests feel special every day extends beyond the dining room to Maggiano's warm and luxurious banquet spaces and through the brand's growing delivery service. Last fiscal year, carryout and delivery sales grew by more than 25% and banquet business provided 20% of our overall revenue stream. The ability to satisfy large parties, both in a banquet setting and in the main dining room, continues to be one of the strongest differentiators for our brand. In the upcoming fiscal year, Maggiano's will capitalize on the opportunity to grow those additional lines of business--banquets, carryout and delivery. Within the restaurants, culinary innovation includes monthly, evolving chef specials featuring fresh, seasonal ingredients. We'll be introducing the entire country to some of our regional, seasonal guest favorites like Peppermint Profiteroles and Butternut Squash Ravioli. We recently shared the exciting news that Maggiano's brand strength and positive momentum built in fiscal 2011 will allow the brand to return to growth by fiscal 2013. New restaurants mean new opportunities, which I am confident will grow into greater success for the Maggiano's brand.

Global Business Development
Brinker International continues our quest to become the global casual dining leader. Outside the U.S. and under the Chili's and Maggiano's brand flags, we operate 236 restaurants in 30 countries and two territories. Our most predominant markets overseas are Mexico and the Middle East and we continue to target growth in emerging markets, like Brazil, where we see a growing middle class, low restaurant penetration, demand for casual dining restaurants and a cultural preference for our brand offerings.

This year, we celebrated a market entrance in Russia and signed a development agreement to open five restaurants in Brazil. For the future, our global team will be focusing on high-potential markets to drive scale and efficiency, developing flexible business model extensions to increase market penetration and opportunistic capital investment opportunities.

Connecting with our guests
In addition to traditional media platforms, we are creating unique connections with our guests by focusing on our ability to communicate appealing, direct messaging to our guests through our bestin-class email databases and social media platforms. We've seen immediate results from email campaigns targeted to particular markets, whether it's a "Give Back" night for a local charity, an exclusive wine dinner or a "Kids Eat Free" offer. Maggiano's more than doubled their brand's fan base last year, and the brand continues to leverage the largest per restaurant database in the industry to target loyal customers and new guests. Chili's focused efforts led to a four-fold growth in the brand's email database last year and the brand recently celebrated its one millionth Facebook fan. In addition to email, our brands use a variety of social media channels to engage and connect with our guests around the globe. Using popular social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter, we provide our guests with instant information regarding marketing promotions, giveaways, and the latest menu innovations, plus these platforms give our brands unique insight into our guests as well as a proven ability to drive sales and traffic.

Giving Back
At Brinker, we are committed--both at the corporate level and within each of our brands--to giving back to those who need our support the most. For the seventh straight year, Chili's teamed up with St. Jude Children's Research Hospital through the Create-A-Pepper to Fight Childhood Cancer campaign. In September 2010, Chili's helped raise $5.6 million in donations during National Childhood Cancer Awareness month to benefit the St. Jude mission of finding cures for children with cancer and other catastrophic childhood diseases. Last year the cause made headway in the digital world, as guests donated via text message and Facebook, and followed the campaign on Twitter. Since its inception in 2002, the Create-A-Pepper campaign has raised more than $35 million, which is well over halfway to our goal of raising $50 million over 10 years for the hospital. Once completed, this extraordinary donation will be the largest donation from a single partner campaign in St. Jude history. Maggiano's relationship with the Make-A-Wish Foundation®, which grants the wishes of children with life-threatening medical conditions, began in 2003, and since then, our guests and team members have contributed more than $2.3 million to the Foundation. In fiscal 2011 alone, Maggiano's contributed $750,000 to the Make-A-Wish Foundation. Support from this year's campaign has moved Maggiano's into the top 10 national corporations supporting the Foundation. Maggiano's goal is to grant at least two wishes annually per restaurant through food and drink donations from the special Eat-A-Dish for Make-A-Wish menu, and the sale of decorative starshaped cards which are displayed throughout the restaurant. During the campaign, many restaurants also hosted individualized special events to raise money in each city and host send-off or welcome home parties, called Wish Enhancement Dinners, for deserving wish kids. The Brinker Charity Golf Classic tournament leverages the strength of our Brinker brands and our love of giving back. Funds raised from the Golf Classic support four worthy charities ­ The Kenny Can Foundation, Texas Scottish Rite Hospital for Children, Northern Texas PGA Junior Golf

Foundation and the Limbs for Life Foundation. Since the tournament's inception in October 2009, this event has raised more than $1 million for deserving charities. The 2010 tournament raised $600,000 and was also named, for the second straight year, the third highest grossing charity golf tournament in Dallas-Ft. Worth by the Dallas Business Journal. Giving back to those in need is a way of life not only for our brands and our restaurant support center, but for our team members. In 1997, we established the Brinker Family Fund to help BrinkerHeads and their families in times of catastrophic need. This program is wholly funded, managed and distributed by Brinker team members. And regardless of whether they participate, any Brinker team member is eligible to receive assistance from the Fund. Since the program began more than a decade ago, team members have donated more than $13.4 million to assist their co-workers in need.

Organizational Excellence
All of our goals and all the planning for the future mean nothing without execution by our team members; which is why at Brinker we believe they are our most important asset. To us, taking care of our people has always been, and always will be, one of our top priorities. Our great team members are the biggest differentiator from our competitors. It is our team members at all levels within the organization who create memorable experiences for our guests, day-in and day-out. Our mission statement, Serving the world a great taste of life through the power of welcome®, begins and ends with the smart and talented people at Brinker. They are the ones who drive operational excellence, culinary innovation, value for our guests and, ultimately, positive growth for our company. Our restaurant brands and restaurant support teams are led by some of the strongest, most resultsoriented leaders I've ever had the pleasure of working alongside. Our executive team, working with our newly augmented board of directors well-versed in franchise, public company finance and global expansion, are well-positioned to continue delivering the results our shareholders have to come to expect--and earned--from our 36-year-young restaurant company. The future holds great opportunities and many challenges for Brinker and our brands. I'm confident in our ability to capitalize on the opportunities while overcoming the challenges, leading to impressive results for our company. We know our guests have many choices in the crowded marketplace. We believe strongly that making our guests feel special at Chili's Grill & Bar and Maggiano's Little Italy will create a unique competitive advantage for our brands and drive superior returns to our shareholders. That's what success--for all Brinker stakeholders--looks like to me. Sincerely,

Douglas H. Brooks Chairman of the Board Chief Executive Officer and President

