To our Team Members, Guests, Supplier Partners, Franchise Partners and Shareholders
2009 has been a year of transformation for Brinker International as we worked through one of the most difficult operating environments in our company history.
Continued Challenge
hroughout the year, external challenges for the consumer intensified, including a volatile financial market, rising unemployment and the ongoing real estate crisis. At the same time, restaurant companies grappled with the high cost of commodities and the fixed costs of operations, both of which were more difficult to cover in a softened sales environment. The economic effects on the casual dining industry were well publicized and resulted in a few casualties ­ with several brands forced to restructure significantly and some permanently closing their doors. In the face of such adversity, Brinker International had the opportunity to prove its mettle by responding in a way that enables us to emerge from this challenging time a more robust and competitive company. Although we succeeded on many fronts in fiscal year 2009, we are not satisfied with our own performance. During the last 12 months, we shifted our focus internally, taking proactive steps to strengthen our business model, improve our balance sheet, increase shareholder returns, and position our brands for accelerated profitability as we move forward. A significant step involved our decision to sell a majority interest in Romano's Macaroni Grill®. Despite a highly unfavorable credit environment, we were able to complete the transaction in December. As the economy continues to evolve, we understand the need to become a more nimble organization ­ one that can react quickly to the rapid changes and uncertain atmosphere in which we operate. We are working diligently to strike a balance between certainty and speed to market, recognizing that more than ever, competing in today's environment is more art than science.

T

Our People Make the Difference
aintaining our competitive position in a highly challenging environment requires disciplined management, a persistent focus on results, ongoing flexibility and boundless creativity. Guiding us through this time of challenge and change is one of the strongest leadership teams I have ever had the pleasure of working with. In fiscal year 2009, we took significant steps to leverage the tremendous talent in our organization by appointing key leaders to new or expanded roles. Todd Diener was named President of both Chili's® Grill & Bar and On The Border Mexican Grill & Cantina®. Wyman Roberts became Chief Marketing Officer for Brinker in addition to his ongoing role as President of Maggiano's Little Italy®. We also promoted Kelli Valade to Chief Operating Officer for both Chili's and On The Border. Over more than 34 years of doing business, Brinker Team Members have adapted through times of great challenge and great prosperity with equal resilience. This resilience, combined with a strong cash flow and steadfast dedication to guest satisfaction, reinforces our confidence in the long-term viability of Brinker brands. Through it all, we remain committed to our mission of Serving the world a great taste of life through the Power of WelcomeTM.

M

A Sharpened Focus
espite the ongoing economic downturn, our guests still desire dining options that offer high quality food, priced at a good value, and served in a welcoming atmosphere with outstanding hospitality. Throughout 2009, we sharpened our focus on financially responsible actions designed to meet our guests' needs and align with our core strategies. Although the marketplace changed dramatically, we remain committed to actions that grow our base business by engaging our guests, differentiating Brinker brands from the competition, reducing the costs associated with managing our restaurants, and establishing our presence in key markets around the world.

D

Partnering for Growth
e continue to shift a greater portion of restaurant development to our new and existing franchise network in both domestic and international markets. The move to a higher franchise mix has helped to diversify the risk in our portfolio as we ended the year at 39 percent franchise, opening 77 domestic and international restaurants in fiscal year 2009.

W

A Global Perspective
hile the outlook for growth in the U.S. has slowed, the global marketplace offers a wealth of opportunity for Brinker International. Our global franchise partners enthusiastically embrace the signature flavors, unique atmosphere and vibrant personality of our brands, and eagerly share the BrinkerHead spirit of Hospitality within their own communities. The Brinker Global Business Development Team took our international presence to new heights in fiscal year 2009 by expanding our strength in key markets and blazing new trails in areas of promise around the world. The team celebrated several significant milestones during the year as they opened 50 new franchised restaurants, including Bangalore, India, which was our 200th international location. Our first restaurants in El Salvador, Portugal, Turkey, Singapore and Guam also opened. With each new franchise agreement and restaurant opening, Brinker moves closer to its goal of establishing 500 international restaurants by 2014. At the end of fiscal year 2009, our international presence consisted of 201 restaurants in 27 countries and two territories outside the United States. Those totals, when added to our domestic locations, translate to 1,689 restaurants worldwide.

W

Craveable Food
ood and Beverage excellence is an ongoing strategy for Brinker and its brands. Our goal is to satisfy and delight guests with craveable menu items that align with our brands' unique positioning. To deliver on that promise, our brands invest in training and certification of our heart of house Team Members, and work closely with ingredient suppliers to ensure consistent quality. And because we understand our guests' desire to manage expenses during these challenging economic times, all three brands are focused on creating short-term promotions as well as long-term menu strategies that offer outstanding food at a great value. Our flagship brand, Chili's Grill & Bar, stands apart from others in the grill and bar segment by offering a variety of dishes that "Pepper In" great flavor. In 2009, Chili's expanded its signature favorites, with new flavors of its best-selling Chicken Crispers®, Big Mouth Burgers® and Baby Back Ribs. New Big Mouth Burger Bites, perfect for sharing, became the most popular burger on the menu. Chili's also expanded offerings for its Triple DipperTM Dinner, and added four new choices to the brand's Guiltless Grill® menu. Value choices at Chili's include the guest favorite "Bottomless ExpressTM Lunch" featuring all-you-can-eat soup, salad and chips, plus promotions such as "10 Under $7." On The Border Mexican Grill & Cantina introduced a fresh new look on its menus in fiscal year 2009. The transformation began with the Fajita Revolution, a commitment to offering the perfect fajita, grilled to order for each guest. And in the Spring, On The Border implemented a complete menu re-launch that highlights the brand's commitment to freshness, innovation and signature Mexican favorites. Guests love the newly expanded Create Your Own Combo special value menu offered all day, everyday; and they enjoy new dishes such as Taco Melts, Mahi Mahi Tacos and Border SmartSM Citrus Chipotle Chicken Salad. And delivering on our guests' priorities for value, speed and healthy options, the brand's new Border Lunch menu features dishes that can be delivered to the table quickly. The made-from-scratch heritage continues at Maggiano's Little Italy with innovative offerings created by talented executive chefs using the freshest ingredients available. Inspired by Little Italy neighborhoods across the country, the brand added three new dishes ­ Lobster Fettuccine, Chicken Francese and Beef Braciole ­ to its Little Italy Favorites menu in 2009. And in keeping with Italian-American tradition, the brand added new tiers to its signature family-style menu, giving guests three distinct options and price points.

F

Signature Hospitality
t Brinker, "The Power of WelcomeTM" sets us apart. It's the way we establish emotional connections with our guests  and Team Members. It's our exclusive brand of hospitality, and it makes a powerful difference within our restaurants, our support center and within our communities. The Power of Welcome is part of the very fabric of our company culture, and it's woven throughout every aspect of our business ­ from our hiring practices, to our training, our operations, our charitable giving, as well as our guest and team member feedback programs.

A A

A Commitment to Give Back
n important component of our hospitality promise is to Give Back to the communities we serve. During fiscal 2009,  all three Brinker brands conducted national fundraising campaigns within the restaurants. In the first quarter, Chili's Grill & Bar conducted its fifth annual "Create-A-Pepper to Fight Childhood Cancer" campaign, raising more than $6 million dollars for St. Jude Children's Research Hospital®. To date, the brand has raised more than $25 million as part of its 10year, $50 million pledge to the hospital. In September, Chili's was honored with the National Restaurant Association's Restaurant Neighbor Award for its long-term partnership with St. Jude.

In October, On The Border Mexican Grill & Cantina raised more than $350,000 within its restaurants during the second annual "Fiesta for the Cure" campaign benefiting Susan G. Komen for the Cure®. Around the country, Team Members also participated in Race for the Cure® and Breast Cancer 3-Day events, effectively "walking the talk" in their communities for this very important cause. Maggiano's Little Italy made wishes come true for 52 critically ill children by donating more than $300,000 to the MakeA-Wish Foundation®. Money was raised primarily through in-restaurant fundraising, including the brand's "Eat-A-Dish for Make-A-Wish" and "Become A Star" programs. Restaurant teams got personally involved in granting wishes by hosting launch parties for children and their families in Maggiano's banquet rooms. At our Restaurant Support Center in Dallas, Team Members regularly lend their time, talents and donations to organizations close to our hearts such as The Wilkinson Center, The North Texas Food Bank, The Rise School, Limbs for Life Foundation and Texas Scottish Rite Hospital for Children®. We also call on the community to partner with us in special events such as the Annual On The Border Golf Classic benefitting The Kenny Can Foundation and Susan G. Komen for the Cure. Through our corporate contributions program, Brinker gives back to organizations that enrich the lives of people throughout North Texas. In addition to our support of health and social services organizations, we also recognize the power of the performing arts to entertain, enlighten and inspire members of the communities we serve. We are very proud of our title sponsorship of the Brinker International Forum, featuring internationally renowned performing and visual artists, benefiting the new Dallas Center for the Performing Arts. Team Members across the country donate money from their paychecks to sustain the Brinker Family Fund, which offers financial aid to BrinkerHeads in times of personal crisis. During fiscal year 2009, the Family Fund paid out more than $1 million to assist 540 Team Members and their families, including those living in areas devastated by Hurricanes Gustav and Ike.

A Lasting Legacy
s we reflect on the past 12 months, a time of significant challenge and change for our country and our industry, no single milestone is as meaningful to BrinkerHeads as the loss of our company namesake and beloved Chairman Emeritus, Norman Brinker, on June 9. Norman's contributions to the restaurant industry, and casual dining in particular, are unparalleled. His influence and mentorship spurred many leaders on to successful careers in an industry that now employs more than 13 million, making it one of the largest private employers in the nation. Through his leadership and his life experience, Norman taught us to be unfailingly respectful to our guests and our Team Members, to choose optimism and hope even in the midst of great obstacles, and to relentlessly pursue success in a fiercely competitive marketplace. Many things have changed since Norman's first restaurant job in 1957, but his legacy, his influence and his wisdom live on in the hearts of all who knew him. And although they may have never met him personally, restaurant workers around the world owe Norman a debt of gratitude for the vast and thriving industry he helped to create and grow. At Brinker International, we feel privileged to have known and worked alongside Norman for so many years, and we are proud to be part of the company that bears his name. Sincerely,

A

Douglas H. Brooks Chairman of the Board Chief Executive Officer and President

