To Our Shareholders, Team Members, Guests, Franchise Partners and Supplier Partners:
Elevating Our Vision
Purposeful investment in our powerful brands In fiscal 2016, on an adjusted basis, we delivered earnings per share (EPS) of $3.55, a 15 percent increase year over year, marking the sixth consecutive year of double-digit EPS growth. We successfully integrated 103 acquired restaurants, which delivered the earnings and performance anticipated. We also made prudent, strategic capital investments in our brands to strengthen relevance, drive traffic and take back share, ending the year gaining market share versus the industry. This would not have been possible without the hard work and diligence of our management team and team members worldwide. While we grew revenue, earnings and EPS, our performance was not in line with expectations. Challenges with the profitability of the My Chili's Rewards loyalty program, coupled with the difficultly in energy production markets and the macro environment of the casual-dining industry, proved to be headwinds as we moved through fiscal 2016. We believe that despite these headwinds, our steadfast and calculated approach will continue to deliver robust shareholder value. Fiscal 2017 began with a vision and a plan to ensure and elevate our place as one of the world's leading casual-dining restaurant companies. Brinker International has multiple growth platforms, both domestically and internationally and we look to effectively capitalize on these opportunities.

Chili's Grill and Bar
Crafting an innovative future by leaning on our unique history We are leveraging the heritage of the Chili's brand and increasing media weight to tell the story of investments in culinary innovation and a dining experience like no place else. Chili's heritage story is compelling and authentic. Our differentiated media campaign is breakthrough from the competition, relevant to our core guests as well as intriguing to millennials and we are spreading the word about our innovative, quality offerings. We continue to refine and strengthen a unique culinary point of view focused on our core equities. In response to changing guest demands, we are on a journey to enhance the transparency of our ingredients. Additionally, we are building our beverage business through happy-hour promotions, bar-centric offerings and the addition of craft beer taps featuring local favorites to restaurants nationwide.

Technology continues to be a focus for the brand with our digital guest experience meeting guests' needs for convenience and speed. Our ability to obtain and assess real-time data is a powerful tool, yielding significant business and actionable intelligence. We have also partnered with the Plenti coalition as the casual-dining representative and are transitioning to a My Chili's Rewards loyalty program powered by Plenti. Integration into Plenti will allow us to reach new potential guests through the expansive existing Plenti membership base. Over the past five years, our exceptional operations efforts have been spearheaded by Kelli Valade and I'm pleased to share she was recently promoted to President of Chili's. As my valued partner and an inspirational leader for the Chili's organization, she has directed the operations team to deliver unprecedented improvements in restaurant margins as well as record-setting guest and team member satisfaction scores. Kelli exemplifies Chili's operational excellence and our "people first" philosophy.

Maggiano's Little Italy
Diversifying our business model while maintaining our chef-driven approach Maggiano's remains a respected leader with a strong history of quality and authentic Italian-American flavors in the polished casual category. We are a chef driven, scratch kitchen with superior hospitality and a focus on honing additional efficiencies by continuing to apply our knowledge of operational excellence. One of our key advantages is a diverse business model. This includes a traditional dining room, private dining business--for both social and corporate events--and the fastest-growing part of the business, carry out and delivery. Seven new restaurants with smaller footprints have been added to the portfolio. We are leveraging the new footprint, which is between 7,000 and 10,000 square feet, in smaller markets. These restaurants include flex space, which can be used as traditional dining space or as a private dining area. As our industry environment becomes more competitive, we are testing strategies focused on growth and differentiation. For our corporate clients, we can bring a banquet into their office buildings. In certain markets, we are testing cooking classes, wine education classes and murder mystery events. More companies are seeking unique engagement opportunities for their employees and we want to capture those occasions while also remaining the primary destination for family and friends celebrating a memorable event. We are also touting our chef-inspired dishes with a feature menu that changes every 30 days and offers guests seasonal ingredients and classic ItalianAmerican cuisine with a twist.

Global Business Development
Expanding international presence into new markets As we move forward into 2017 and continue to execute our vision for our brands, I will be focused on leading international business development efforts. The global team is aggressively establishing new restaurants outside of the U.S. We have seen a 36 percent growth rate between fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2016. The fiscal year ended with 36 new international restaurant openings with existing and new partners. This is well ahead of our guidance. We continue to capitalize on our potential and pursue growth in our international portfolio. Expansion efforts will focus on new markets, such as China, Vietnam and South Africa. This global expansion will provide continued balance to our portfolio, yielding a more robust international segment made up primarily of organic franchise growth.

Delivering Value
Strategically focused on our long-term vision Quality food, excellent service and relevant atmosphere delivered expediently at a reasonable price encompasses our value proposition. More than 100,000 exceptional team members and operators worldwide are key to our ability to deliver results. At Brinker, we are driven by integrity, teamwork, passion and an unwavering commitment for every guest to feel special when visiting our brands. We are listening to our guests, pursuing culinary innovation and leveraging data to deliver what our guests want. A resolute focus on generating shareholder value guides our strategies and initiatives. We are optimistic about the future, specifically our brand strength domestically and on the global stage. Brinker persistently looks to capitalize on our investments to drive growth and shareholder value and appreciates the commitment of shareholders as we execute on our long-term vision. Sincerely,

Wyman T. Roberts Chief Executive Officer and President

