To Our Shareholders, Team Members, Guests, Franchise Partners and Supplier Partners:
Taking care of business. That's exactly what Brinker International has set forth to
do, committing to be one of the world's leading casual dining restaurant companies in this ever-changing economic environment, with strategies and initiatives to keep us top of mind with guests worldwide. We've been persistently executing our `Plan to Win' for more than three years, with lofty goals designed to change the trajectory and profitability of our company. We told you we could take 400 basis points of margin out of our business, and we'll accomplish that goal a full year ahead of schedule. In 2010, we also promised we would double earnings per share to $2.75 - $2.80 by fiscal 2015, and we'll hit that goal this fiscal year. At our investor conference this past February, we confidently set another long-term goal ­ doubling our fiscal 2012 earnings per share by fiscal 2017. Aggressive, yet attainable, Brinker is dedicated to complete this by driving 10 to 15 percent annual earnings per share growth over the next five years. At the same time, we'll continue our historic, disciplined approach to capital allocation, further enhancing shareholder value. Despite the economic headwinds, I'm pleased to report last year Brinker achieved double-digit earnings per share growth. Our brands, Chili's® Grill & Bar and Maggiano's Little Italy®, focused their efforts to ensure every initiative accomplishes the `Three Wins'-- a win for our guests, a win for our team members and a win for our business. Growth is on the horizon as both Brinker brands return to building new restaurants. As we move forward into fiscal 2014, we're optimistic about our goals -- our teams can execute against our strategy, which translates into increased shareholder value for you.

Chili's Grill & Bar
At 38-years strong, Chili's is setting the foundation to help Brinker achieve our `Plan to Win.' The brand continues executing `Big Rock' initiatives, including: x rollout of our reimage program, x implementation of upgraded point-of-sale and back office systems, x installation of retrofitted kitchen equipment technology, x renewed focus on menu innovation, and x streamlined operations consistencies in the restaurants. To date, we've reimaged 383 company-owned restaurants in 15 markets. With the goal to complete 614 restaurants by the end of fiscal 2014, more guests across the country will be able to enjoy updated elements both inside and outside at their favorite Chili's locations. With refreshed changes to our atmosphere, from an upgraded video package in the bar and dining room to spacious community tables, we're making it easier for our guests to connect with their friends and family. We're fulfilling the need for emotional connections between guests as highlighted by the brand's new creative direction, `more LIFE happens here.'

1

We've implemented new point-of-sale technologies to maximize our servers' productivity when placing and modifying guest orders. Newly installed back office systems help operators run their restaurants more efficiently than ever. In fiscal 2013, these systems helped us deliver great margins and an all-time low cost of sales. One of the largest investments made in our brand's history has been the rollout of our new kitchen equipment, `Kitchen of the Future.' New ovens have transformed our kitchen operations by improving our efficiency and labor, while increasing the pace at which food is delivered to guests' tables. The `Kitchen of the Future,' now in all corporate-owned and franchised locations, allow us to continue to evolve our menu to meet guests' expectations of the Chili's brand. We've set our sights on advancements to continue to elevate our brand. Growth potential opportunities such as delivery are in the foreseeable future. Additionally, we'll be amping up our To Go business to offer guests an opportunity to enjoy their Chili's favorites in a way they haven't before. As previously mentioned, Chili's has earned the right to build new restaurants, with 11 to 12 openings slated for this fiscal year. In fiscal 2014, we will continue to position our operators for success to make Chili's truly `Like No Place Else®,' for our team members and guests.

Maggiano's Little Italy
At Maggiano's, we just completed the 14th consecutive quarter of sales growth, quite an impressive feat for the 44-unit, Italian-American brand. Classic Pastas, now a popular staple on the menu, have continued to play a significant role in driving the brand's consecutive sales growth. On average, 40 percent of Maggiano's guests order from the Classic Pastas menu and they rave about the buy one, take a Classic Pasta home, compliments of the chef. Maggiano's understands the need to remain competitive in this tug-of-war for market share in the casual-plus category. While our brand certainly is a frontrunner destination for guests to enjoy celebrations and events, Maggiano's is focusing on continuing to attract guests beyond these special occasions. Like its sister brand, Maggiano's is also enjoying a return to new restaurant growth during the new fiscal year. While a traditional Maggiano's building is large in scale, the brand's return to growth strategy includes opening a new, smaller prototype complete with the traditional Maggiano's opulence like high ceilings and rich hardwood floors, but with a strategically-sized kitchen and most notably, without banquet spaces. Reducing the physical size of the building opens the door for more real estate and site availability, which of course, contributes to a lower investment model. Six to eight new locations are scheduled to open during the next two fiscal years, including Annapolis, Md. this fall.

Global Business Development
We continue to see growth and solid comp sales on the global side of our business as our international restaurants reported another year of positive comp sales, up 2.7 percent. This consistent track record can be attributed to carefully laid plans to position

2

Brinker as one of the pioneer casual dining companies in the global marketplace. Because we claimed our stake on international soil early on, we were afforded the advantage of being first in terms of recognition and affinity. As a testament to our global longevity, we recently celebrated 20 years of business last November with our franchise partners in Mexico. During fiscal 2013, our global team successfully completed the acquisition of 11 restaurants from our largest Canadian franchisee and opened 33 restaurants outside the United States. We have 37 restaurant openings taking place this current fiscal year, which puts Brinker even closer to our goal of 430 international locations by the end of fiscal 2017.

Closing out another year, looking ahead
We have an unyielding confidence in Brinker's ability to grow top-line sales; framing our approach as more of a marathon than a sprint, continuing at a steady pace. As we reflect on the accomplishments we've achieved this last fiscal year, it bears repeating that these achievements were set in motion years ago with our clearly defined `Plan to Win.' As we look toward Brinker's promising future during fiscal 2014 and beyond, we remain committed to building sales through initiatives that enhance both the guest and team member restaurant experience, and strengthening our brands' relevance through improved menu innovation and atmosphere. It's no secret, we operate in a mature space, but we truly believe the success of this company will be built upon the solid foundation of our current accomplishments, while reinvesting back into the business to drive margin improvements and sales in the years ahead. And it's fitting when talking about the future for our company, that I take a moment to recognize the legacy built by our long-tenured leader, Doug Brooks. For more than 35 years, Doug has shaped the vision for Brinker International. Every member of our organization is committed to honoring Doug by continuing his drive for excellence within our brands. Thank you, Doug, for your longstanding leadership, dedication and passion. We -- and you -- should be confident that with the Brinker leadership team's concentrated focus, the finish line to achieve the aggressive goals we outlined is well within our reach. We're up for the challenge and we're glad to have you, our valued shareholders, along with us! Sincerely,

Wyman T. Roberts Chief Executive Officer and President

3

