To Our Shareholders, Team Members, Guests, Franchise Partners and Supplier Partners:
LONG-TERM COMMITMENT For several years now we have been persistently executing against our long-term strategy to deliver top line growth and increased value to you, our shareholders. As we look back at fiscal 2015 and look forward to fiscal 2016, our focus is unchanged. While fiscal 2015 was not without its challenges, we continued to build upon last year's accomplishments and deliver solid sales, improved margins and strong earnings. This year marked our 5th consecutive year of double-digit EPS growth, putting us on track to achieve our $4 EPS goal by fiscal 2017. We also returned $377 million to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchase. Going forward, we are more committed than ever to seeing our strategies through and are confident that this focused and meaningful approach to our business will ensure our place as one of the world's leading casual dining restaurant companies. We are excited about the innovation in the pipeline for both brands, Chili's Grill & Bar and Maggiano's Little Italy, in fiscal 2016. Between technology advancements and distinguished culinary visions, we have several key components in place for our plan to drive sales and traffic in the coming year. Chili's Grill & Bar The Chili's brand has never been stronger. We offer fresh food served in the most innovative way, and in fiscal 2016, culinary and technology innovation that delivers on this while growing traffic and sales will remain our focus. In fiscal 2015, we continued to fine-tune our menu and expand our unique culinary point of view of Fresh Mex and Fresh Tex, introducing a number of relevant menu items like smoked wings, burritos and top shelf tacos. Our food is the freshest it's ever been ­ we smoke our own ribs, prepare our own salsa, make guacamole table side, and more. To educate guests on our freshness as well as our focused culinary vision, we introduced a new creative direction in Oct. 2014, "Fresh is Happening Now."

The industry is giving us credit, our operators and team members are excited about what our chefs are bringing to the table and guest feedback tells us that no one can do Fresh Mex and Fresh Tex like Chili's. They've given us full permission to play in this space, and we will continue to hone in on these relevant and differentiating menu platforms in fiscal 2016. But Chili's is more than just about serving great food, we're also about delivering an exceptional dining experience. While the brand has evolved over the past 40 years, its passion has always been centered on one thing ­ making people feel special. We are proud to be a people company, and one of the ways we make our guests feel special every day is through technology. Chili's is embracing the digital guest experience more than anyone else in the industry. Ziosk® tabletop tablets have been in our company-owned restaurants for more than a year now, and we are only getting smarter at how we expand upon this tool to improve the dining experience and connect with our guests. For instance, tabletop technology is the foundation for our recently launched and industry-leading loyalty program, My Chili's Rewards. With the largest tabletop tablet network in the country, Chili's is the first restaurant company of its size to completely integrate a loyalty program with tabletop technology and mobile as well as give guests full control of their points without ever having to rely on a manager or server. While we are optimistic by initial results and feedback on our loyalty program, we expect to see the greatest impact to our business in fiscal 2016 as more guests sign up and redeem their rewards. By syncing our loyalty program with in-restaurant technology, we've made it easier than ever for our guests. Along those same lines, we also added NoWait to our Chili's mobile app which allows guests to add their name to a restaurant's wait list remotely, track their place in line and show up right when their table is ready. Outside of food and technology, we invested back into our business with the acquisition of 103 franchised Chili's restaurants primarily located in the Northeast and Southeast. The acquisition, which is expected to be EPS accretive in fiscal 2016 and strengthen long-term free cash flow generation, represented a compelling opportunity to create value for our shareholders and strengthen the brand in key markets as we rollout our reimage and loyalty programs to these restaurants.

Maggiano's Little Italy Similar to the Chili's brand, Maggiano's is committed to strategic growth. The brand welcomed three new restaurants in fiscal 2015 and will continue its steady pace in the next fiscal year with three more restaurants slated to open. In addition to growth, we are focused on the top and bottom line. Maggiano's has made great strides the past few years to strengthen its business model through menu innovation and cost of sales improvement. I'm confident that we will strike that perfect balance of being a scratchkitchen restaurant serving only the highest quality food while becoming smarter about efficiencies. In regards to the top line, it's all about building sustained traffic growth and we're developing better data-driven marketing initiatives that promote more frequency among our loyal guests and draw in new guests. While the brand is still attracting everyday guests with value offerings like On the House Classic Pastas and Lighter Take, it is also refocusing its efforts on special occasions to ensure it remains a number one destination for family and friends celebrating a memorable event. Global Business Development Our international business is stronger than ever as it continues to draft off the success of the US and differentiate itself from the competition. In fiscal 2015, we made tremendous progress in improving the guest experience, building a foundation for innovation and driving stronger margins with more than half of our global system now retrofitted for Kitchen of the Future. We also improved our culture, creating a better experience for guests and team members worldwide. In fiscal 2016, we will remain focused on initiatives that grow sales and improve the business model. We expect to complete the implementation of Kitchen of the Future by the end of the fiscal year and are expanding the reimage program to drive relevancy with loyal and new guests. Additionally, we are opening 25-30 new restaurants and are deepening our insights to unlock the potential in markets poised for growth.

FUNDAMENTAL SHIFT Chili's and Maggiano's continue to deliver results on their plans, and while we remain committed to our long-term strategies and initiatives, we are not resting on our laurels. We've made a number of significant technology advancements that have fundamentally shifted how we look at the business, what our guests need and how our team members deliver on those needs. In fiscal 2016, we are going to leverage big data even more to make faster and better decisions across all fronts. This level of insight coupled with our long-term growth roadmap, makes us confident in our ability to deliver a differentiated experience for our guests as well as top line growth and increased value to shareholders in the year ahead. Our talented team of operators will also be a key component to helping us deliver on these goals in fiscal 2016. We have one of the strongest operations teams in the industry and are attracting the best with Chili's recently being named a "100 Best Workplaces for Millennials" by Great Place to Work® and Fortune. Our more than 100,000 team members worldwide are committed to making people feel special and consistently executing on our promises. It is something they do every day in our more than 1,600 restaurants and will continue to deliver upon in fiscal 2016 and beyond. We are excited for what the year has in store and to see how we can aggressively and nimbly build upon the solid foundation and team we have in place today. As our shareholder, thank you for coming along with us on this journey and for your long-term commitment to Brinker, its brands, guests and team members. Sincerely,

 Chief Executive Officer and President

Wyman T. Roberts

