 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, GUESTS AND BUSINESS PARTNERS —
There’s no denying that 2005 was a challenging year for Brinker International. Yet the creative strategies of our leadership team and the hard work of our employees enabled us to make dramatic strides over the course of the year. In fact, we saw a record-breaking rally in performance during the final weeks of our fiscal year, culminating in an all-time high for our stock price.
 Chili’s 30th anniversary celebration at Brinker’s headquarters in Dallas
    When we entered Fiscal Year 2005, we knew we had several opportunities to improve. Operating costs were up, sales did not meet our expectations, and margins were challenging. Given these realities, we took decisive action. This involved new ways of thinking, along with innovative solutions to address changing consumer demand.
Our new approach couldn’t have come at a better time.
As the casual dining segment continues to grow, so do Brinker’s opportunities to expand our market share. And as people dine out more often, they’re becoming increasingly sophisticated consumers – particularly when it comes to casual dining. They want greater selection, innovative menu choices, and great value for their money. The Brinker family
of restaurants is committed to delivering on all counts.
Although the casual dining marketplace has become fiercely competitive in recent years, we believe that Brinker has the right people and the right processes in place to take full advantage of this expanding market. We’ve added a number of experienced leaders over the past year who are dedicated to making our restaurant concepts the best they can be.
For example, we were fortunate to have 23-year Brinker veteran Todd Diener return to his position as president of Chili’s, with Michael Dzura as the chain’s new chief operating officer. We also made top-level changes at Romano’s Macaroni Grill, appointing Jean Birch as president and John Reale as chief operating officer. Wyman Roberts has joined the company as president of Maggiano’s Little Italy. And as Brinker continues to grow our business around the world, Bill Simon will take charge of domestic and international franchising efforts in his newly created role as senior vice president of Global Business Development.
HELLO
For decades, industry leaders across the board have relied on experience, instinct, and intuition
to help them make important decisions that affect the consumer. But in 2004, we realized that while those tactics worked well for us in the past, they were no longer viable in today’s marketplace – so we began developing fresh strategies, driven by thorough research.
As part of our new guest-satisfaction initiatives, Brinker has taken steps to become a much more customer-driven company. More than ever, we’re
 02 | page

         relying on research and consumer input to help us make the most of every dollar we invest in marketing efforts, menu innovation, new store prototypes – anything and everything that impacts our guests. Our Consumer Insights department is actively involved in researching and rigorously testing consumer attitudes and behaviors toward Brinker brands and identifying opportunities for improvement. We have also estab- lished a Consumer Center of Excellence made up of business professionals from each brand to implement standard processes and systems for new product development. In addition, we’ve expanded the responsibilities of our key marketing staff to include everything that touches the customer, from menus
to advertising to restaurant design.
Just as sharpened consumer focus is essential
to our success, so is our commitment to the Brinker team. We will continue to equip our employees
with tools and incentives to enhance personal job satisfaction as well as company performance.
A case in point is our People Works department, formerly Human Resources, which is using innovative performance management systems to increase accountability and reward solid performance. Another
example is Brinker’s employee development program, designed to foster leadership and opportunity among our team members and equip them with the confidence and skills they need to advance within
our organization. We are also reaching out to our broad and extensive base of Spanish-speaking employees who want to improve their English communication skills through the Sed de Saber (Thirst for Knowledge) program, a voluntary self-paced course designed to assist these valuable members of the Brinker family in learning English as a second language.
In addition to the positive changes we implemented in 2005, there were several milestones, achievements, and awards – most notably, the 30th anniversary of Chili’s, our flagship restaurant. Chili’s has thrived in the highly competitive restaurant industry despite the challenging economic conditions that we’ve witnessed over the years. We look forward to accelerating our expansion efforts for our Chili’s concept in the future.
Another landmark event for Brinker in 2005 was to be recognized by FORTUNE magazine as one of the 50 Top Employers for Minorities, a designation that reflects our commitment to diversity. The varied backgrounds and life experiences of our team
    THE ESSENCE OF BRINKER INTERNATIONAL
Serving the World a Great Taste of Life Generosity of Spirit
Brinker International is a global business, but our heart is rooted in the communities we serve. Serving a great taste of life to the world is about great food. It is also about sharing the fruits of our success and improving the quality of life of our employees, shareholders, and business partners around the world.
CHAIRMAN’S LETTER

   members not only broaden our corporate perspective, they create problem-solving synergies that give Brinker a distinct business advantage.
In the area of sales, our To Go and gift card offerings were especially strong in 2005. To Go business remained brisk, and we will continue to enhance our operations to maximize this important business segment. Gift card sales showed even more progress as they topped the $153 million mark – a 24 percent increase over last fiscal year.
Perhaps Brinker’s greatest achievement, however, is the coveted place we hold in the industry, as well as in the minds of consumers who crave the tastes that have made our restaurants among the most popular in the world. Chili’s Grill & Bar®. Romano’s Macaroni Grill®. On The Border Mexican Grill & Cantina®. Maggiano’s Little Italy®. Corner Bakery Cafe®. Our portfolio of restaurant concepts gives consumers a broad range of dining options. And as we open more restaurants in new and existing markets across
the nation and around the world, we’re bringing the Brinker experience even closer to home.
We continue to enhance brand equity and shareholder value by sharing best practices across our portfolio of brands. By carefully examining what we do and why we do it, we’re creating an organization that balances our investment in growth with the value of our returns. Our newly implemented strategies,
as well as other exciting transformations under way behind the scenes, will serve to further strengthen our position.
As we move forward into 2006 and beyond, we will continue to build upon our 30-year legacy as an industry innovator, creating memorable menus, refining our dining concepts, and redefining the table where the world comes to EAT – and by doing so, we will continue Serving the World a Great Taste of Life.
Douglas H. Brooks
Chairman of the Board,
Chief Executive Officer and President
  04 | page
   AT A GLANCE
» $42.40 – an all-time high for our
stock, posted June 17, 2005
» 5 unique, complementary
dining concepts
» $3.9 billion company listed
on the FORTUNE 500
» 1,588 restaurants throughout
49 states, the District of Columbia,
and 23 foreign countries
» Approximately 110,000
Brinker employees
» 40,000 vendors
» Over 1 million guests served daily
 2005
