To our Stockholders, Partners, Employees and the eBay Community A Global Community Ì 10 Years Old
eBay is an extraordinary company. During the past 10 years Ì the company's Ñrst decade Ì eBay has revolutionized the way people shop and trade. Before eBay came along very few people had ever experienced an auction. eBay has introduced millions of people to a whole new trading format Ì a format based on the fairness inherent in natural market dynamics and the good we Ñnd in our friends and neighbors.
Perhaps more importantly, eBay has empowered millions of people to pursue their dreams of economic and entrepreneurial success. And that success has had an even deeper social impact. After all, the eBay platform is built on trust. The millions of successful transactions that take place on the site each day are a testament to the fact that people, when left to their own devices, almost always do the right thing. Every successful eBay transaction validates two people's beliefs in the good of others. In our world, that is a very powerful achievement.
eBay thrived in 2004 because our global community of buyers and sellers unleashed their passion for trading. Our community grew to 135 million registered users worldwide, with more and more people recognizing the many opportunities available to them through eBay. Small business on eBay really came into its own in 2004. Early in the year, we discovered through our research that more than 430,000 users in the United States make all or some of their livelihoods through selling on the site.
The ingenuity and creativity of our users, no matter where they are, is inspiring. A mother of six in Germany started a business selling kitchen products on eBay, and now teaches others in her isolated community how to use the site to make extra money. A man in China who always dreamed of starting his own business now sells coins and stamps from his home in Shanghai to buyers around the world. A radio collector in Colorado has purchased more than 1,300 radios on eBay, fulÑlling his passion to own one of the world's most comprehensive radio collections. And a Utah restaurateur purchased the majority of the equipment for his family-owned restaurant on eBay at a savings that allowed him to start his business much sooner than expected. These stories, and millions more just like them, convince us that eBay is the best place to buy and sell online.
A Fast Growing Company
Thanks to our community's success, eBay experienced exceptional growth across every part of the business in 2004. The eBay community listed more than 1.4 billion items last year, a 45% increase from 2003. This increase in listings led to gross merchandise volume or GMV, which is the value of all successfully closed listings on eBay, of $34.2 billion in 2004, up from $23.8 billion in 2003. As a result, 2004 net revenues reached nearly $3.3 billion, a jump of 51% over the prior year.
eBay achieved new milestones in 2004. Operating proÑt grew more than 68%, reaching well over one billion dollars for the Ñrst time in eBay's history. This proÑt growth translated directly into cash Öows, with operating cash Öows also breaking the one billion dollar mark for the Ñrst time ever and free cash Öows1 growing by more than 95% to $992 million. eBay ended 2004 with more than $7.9 billion in total assets, including nearly $3.4 billion in cash and investments, which gives us the Ñnancial Öexibility to reinvest in the business. Few ten year old companies can deliver these types of results.
2004 was also a year of expansion for eBay. In India, we acquired Baazee.com, which allowed us to enter a very young but promising Internet market. We launched two new sites of our own in the Philippines and Malaysia, and consolidated our ownership of Internet Auction Company in Korea, our third largest market outside the U.S. In the U.S., we announced the acquisition of Rent.com, the leading transaction-based website for apartment rentals, which closed in early 2005. We believe Rent.com will complement our own real estate category and provide for additional growth in this area. With the acquisition of mobile.de in Germany and Marktplaats.nl in the Netherlands, as well as our equity investment in craigslist.org, we took important Ñrst
1 eBay deÑnes free cash Öows as operating cash Öows less purchase of property and equipment, which in 2004 were $1.3 billion and $293 million, respectively.
 
steps into classiÑeds, which set the stage for the launch of our own local classiÑeds websites in select international markets, under the brand name Kijiji, in February 2005.
PayPal also had a strong year, adding 23 million new accounts in 2004 for a total of 64 million user accounts. PayPal now has more accounts than the total cardholder base of Discover and the account base of Bank of America. Total payment volume, the dollar volume of payments through the PayPal system, totaled $18.9 billion, an increase of 55% over the prior year. In just Ñve years, PayPal is already the most visited Ñnancial services website in the U.S. and the United Kingdom.
eBay communities around the world have enthusiastically welcomed PayPal. In the last two years, we have localized in 10 countries. Today, users from 45 countries can use their PayPal account as buyers. In 23 of those countries, we also enable sellers to do cross-border trade. We believe PayPal's Merchant Services, or oÅ- eBay opportunity, has great potential. By oÅering an extremely compelling value proposition for online payments to merchants of all sizes, we have signed up more merchant accounts in Ñve years than the industry has in 30. By meeting the needs of buyers and sellers both on and oÅ eBay, PayPal is fast becoming the wallet of a generation of online shoppers.
Our conÑdence in the vibrancy of the eBay marketplace, the continued growth of PayPal, the opportunities ahead for both, and our ability to manage these businesses has never been stronger. Helping our community members thrive remains our highest priority. Their success is critical to our own, and we remain focused on providing our users with the best tools for trading online.
Investments and ProÑtability
In addition to the strength of our core business, new opportunities are emerging rapidly. As a result, we plan to invest signiÑcantly in strategic investment opportunities in 2005, most notably in China and PayPal. In the past year eBay EachNet more than doubled its user base, strengthening its position as China's number one e-commerce site. We see great opportunity to consolidate our position in China and set the stage for long-term growth. PayPal is still in an early stage of development, and we see a great deal of untapped potential in the U.S., both on eBay and among merchants oÅ eBay, and throughout eBay's global platform. With greater investment in PayPal in 2005 we can lay the foundation for future growth and come closer to making PayPal the online payment standard around the world.
It has always been a part of eBay's management philosophy that investments in future growth must be balanced against generating real gains on the bottom line. As a result, we are focused on realizing the full margin potential of the business, so that we can deliver increasing proÑts while also generating the capacity to fund these investments. We believe this strategy of prioritizing top-line growth with eBay's cost leverage will translate into higher cash Öows and value for our stockholders.
eBay's accomplishments in 2004 could not have been achieved alone. We would like to acknowledge our partners, employees, and stockholders for their ongoing support and conÑdence. And, we would also like to extend our appreciation and gratitude to eBay's community of users worldwide. These passionate and inventive men and women have built our marketplace. Their support, guidance and dedication are at the heart of all we achieve.
Pierre Omidyar Meg Whitman
Founder and Chairman of the Board President and CEO
            