To our Stockholders, Partners, Employees and the eBay Community: Our Best Year Since Inception In just six years of operation, the eBay marketplace has evolved into an economic phenomenon where individuals, small businesses, manufacturers and retailers trade more than $30 million worth of goods every day. In 2001 eBay had its best year since inception, with record results across the board from gross merchandise sales (the value of goods traded on the site) and new user growth to net revenues and operating margins. In early 1998 we had only about 30 employees, and about 300,000 users who generated less than $200 million in annualized gross merchandise sales, primarily in collectible categories. Just four years later, our 2,500 employees and 42 million users have worked together to build the world's most abundant and e«cient online marketplace. In 2001, eBay's users generated more than $9 billion in gross merchandise sales in thousands of categories around the world. The outstanding momentum we achieved in 2001, and carry into 2002, validates our long-term strategy and serves as a testament to the unique qualities of our business model. As we look back on the year, four things are very clear: First, the eBay marketplace is more vibrant than ever. Gross merchandise sales grew by 72% during 2001 to more than $9.3 billion at year-end. During 2001, the US business continued to be our strongest growth engine, as our focus on expanding the depth and breadth of our categories, along with pricing formats and end-to-end services, generated more than $7.2 billion in gross merchandise sales in our original market. Worldwide, registered users grew to more than 42.4 million, an increase of 88% for the year, from the 22.5 million users registered at year-end 2000. And those users listed more than 423 million items over the course of the year, a 60 percent increase from the 264 million items listed in 2000. eBay's technology platform reached major milestones in 2001 as well. We completed the changeover to a distributed server system, strengthening our platform's overall performance and greatly improving site availability. In the fourth quarter, we implemented the —rst components of our next generation architecture, which we call V3, to provide even greater scalability, productivity and ÷exibility for innovation. As a result, today we operate what is arguably the most sophisticated web site in the world. Second, the eBay marketplace has global relevance and appeal. Early on, we felt that eBay could become a global trading platform, connecting people from all over the globe. Today, eBay and its a«liates operate web sites that serve 27 markets around the world, and eBay is available to more than 500 million Internet users worldwide. More importantly, in the fourth quarter 2001, our international business turned pro—table and accounted for 18% of our net revenues, as compared to 7% in the fourth quarter 2000. It is clear that online trading is as compelling in Korea or Germany as in the United States. Third, the eBay brand and marketplace are rapidly evolving. No longer perceived as a collectiblesonly destination, eBay has become mainstream. Our users have grown the breadth and depth of the marketplace, going from 8,000 categories in 2000 to more than 18,000 categories today. Three of our top-level categories, autos, computers and consumer electronics, are now $1 billion businesses as measured by gross merchandise sales, and three more, collectibles, books/movies/music, and sporting goods and memorabilia, could reach the $1 billion milestone over the next twelve months. This important change in our marketplace has come about through marketing initiatives such as our holiday campaign, and through structural changes to our platform, such as the introduction of the —xed price format and specialized services. We have created a marketplace that o≈ers sophisticated tools for any kind of seller, from the one-woman business to mega-retailers. And they, in turn, have attracted buyers from every walk of life. And last, the company is in a very strong —nancial position. From the beginning, our goal has been to build a pro—table company that our sellers can trust with their livelihoods, and that philosophy is paying o≈ today. We ended the year with net revenue growth of 74% over 2000, a four percentage point gross margin improvement, and a 301% increase in operating income.

Our balance sheet is equally strong. We now have more than $1.1 billion in cash and investments, which not only gives us a great deal of —nancial security, but also the ability to accelerate the vision of the company and the success of our users going forward. Perhaps what sets our business model apart from practically all others is its ability to produce increasing returns on the income statement and generate tremendous amounts of cash. In our marketplace model, investments in growth ÷ow directly through the income statement, leaving minimal amounts capitalized on the balance sheet to be amortized in future periods. The combination of our powerful business model and a strong, sustainable top-line outlook has made eBay one of the strongest young companies in recent history. The World's Online Marketplace Simply put Ã eBay is a marketplace manager. Our mission is to build an online marketplace that enables practically anyone to trade practically anything almost anywhere in the world. eBay's marketplace makes it fun, easy, safe and e«cient for buyers and sellers to connect through shared areas of interest and commerce transactions. Trading is part of the human experience, and eBay enables sellers to expose their products to a local, national, and increasingly global, base of millions of buyers, who in turn have access to the broadest and most interesting range of goods in the history of commerce. Leveraging eBay's trading platform, sellers are able to achieve higher sales and pro—ts than through alternative sales channels, and buyers have an unparalleled ability to —nd what they want, often at a signi—cant value. In many ways, this marketplace has evolved into a dynamic and self-regulating economy all its own. Like any healthy market, the eBay economy is shaped by its millions of customers who instantly act on changes in economic conditions and trading trends every day, expanding the business across geographies, categories, buying formats, types of users and services. As the manager of this global marketplace, our job is to create the right environment for our users' success, which we accomplish through maintaining an unparalleled level of transparency, fairness, e«ciency and trust. Our Future We at eBay are tremendously excited about the future. As the year 2002 unfolds, you will see continued commitment to growing the business and helping our users become even more successful. Helping our categories grow is central to our role as marketplace manager. Our goal is to develop each category according to its potential and the industry it serves. New categories, such as home & garden, real estate and tickets & travel, will be nurtured, and existing categories, such as autos, collectibles, computers and consumer electronics, will be deepened. We plan to attract greater supply from a wide range of volume sellers, and grow marketplace demand through activating buyers. Marketing and online merchandising, as well as an integrated —xed price o≈ering, will help bring in new users and motivate current ones, and encourage them all to trade frequently across multiple categories. International expansion has become an important driver of our growth. We are con—dent that the international business can deliver even greater pro—tability as our newer operations in Europe begin to show accelerating growth and opportunities for generating revenues. Following our proven strategy in Germany, we plan to expand categories, trading formats and services in each market to help local trade ÷ourish. And our recent acquisition in Taiwan and investment in China will allow us to extend our marketplace into thriving new e-commerce markets in Asia. The user experience also impacts growth, and we plan to make trading on eBay even faster, easier and safer. Providing our users with more features, tools and services can help them better use the site, trade more often and, ultimately, become even more successful. Investing in state-of-the-art technology is part of this goal, as we build the platform for tomorrow's growth. These strategic investments are critical to ful—lling the promise of a global trading platform. At the same time, balancing investment for the future while driving increased pro—t to the bottom line has always been a consistent theme at eBay. The investments we make today are designed to bear fruit in the years

ahead, just as many of the investments that we made in the past are now yielding results that we expect to see re÷ected in the bottom line over the course of 2002. As always, we want to express our sincere gratitude to eBay's stockholders, partners, and employees for their support. A special thanks goes to the eBay user community, whose tremendous dedication and innovation have helped make eBay the world's marketplace. We never lose sight of the fact that our success is due to the success of our users and we are committed to working closely with them to make trading on eBay safer, more convenient and pro—table. Together, we can achieve even greater success in 2002 and for many years to come.

Pierre Omidyar Founder and Chairman of the Board

Meg Whitman President and CEO

