 A Letter from Ecolab Chairman and Chief Executive officer
   we are incredibly excited about our growth prospects and our ability to make a real difference, and we are respectful of the trust our shareholders have put in us.
this has been a year of extraordinary change for our company, yet our business model and our values remain the same. we offer the best products and services, delivered by the best people, to solve customer problems, leveraging our strong technology base and global presence. the way we grow today is consistent with our past — a sharp focus on meeting our customers’ needs, and continually expanding our solution set to broaden our growth opportunities.
our merger with Nalco provides us with the additional products and people to better serve our customers and accelerate our growth toward our goal of $20 billion in revenue by 2020. Following our December 2011 merger, we undertook a thoughtful and detailed integration plan to combine our two businesses. this approach emphasized top-to-bottom alignment through more than 450 individual line-level projects, focused on change management, delivering cost synergies and accelerating growth. A dedicated integration team, with leadership from both legacy Ecolab and legacy Nalco, worked with our global businesses
to drive results.
2012 PERFoRMANCE
As we integrated the two organizations, we continued to drive great performance in our businesses. By leveraging our great strengths in technology and field service, we continued to build our customer base as well as further penetrate our existing base with more solutions. this enabled us to offset a very challenging global environment.
At the heart of this success is our ability to help our customers not only drive improvement within their operations, but to do it in a way that enhances their sustainability. this is critical to them as they face rising energy and operational costs, growing water scarcity and increased public scrutiny of their operations. our programs are designed to provide excellent outcomes, but do so by also reducing energy, water and waste, which in turn creates economic savings as well. it is a virtuous cycle that we plan on leveraging even more aggressively moving forward.
ongoing investment in RD&E is the key to delivering sustainable results for our customers, and supports continued growth in all areas of our business. we now have the biggest innovation pipeline in our company’s history, focused on meeting customer needs by leveraging our expertise in water and fluid management, hygiene, antimicrobials, oil and gas process technology, automation and dispensing.
three major projects that take advantage of our combined technology strengths already
are gaining traction: the use of sustainable antimicrobial technology to improve customer operations in the unconventional oil and gas water management process; a project that takes advantage of our expertise in solids, dispensing and process management technology to bring safer, even more sustainable solutions to our global water customers; and a project combining innovation initiatives in our Food & Beverage market clean-in-place (CiP) offering with Nalco 3D tRASAR technology to deliver additional value to customers in the area of process optimization and food safety.
we continued to innovate within our core businesses as well. this past year, we launched Apex2, our next generation warewashing platform, which reduces labor, water and energy costs for our customers. we also introduced our EnCompassTM o.R. Environmental Hygiene program, which provides healthcare facilities with a proven approach to improve the cleanliness of operating rooms and reduce the risk of infections.
4 Ecolab | Annual Report 2012

 StRAtEgiC ACQuiSitioNS
we increased capabilities within our core business areas by making additional strategic acquisitions and sharpening our focus on
our core businesses. we acquired Quimiproductos S.A. de C.V, a leading manufacturer and provider of cleaning and sanitizing and water treatment products and services to beverage and brewery customers in Mexico and several Central and South American countries, and insetCenter, a leader in Brazil’s pest control market. we sold our Vehicle Care business, a healthy business with excellent growth prospects, but no longer a fit with our long-term strategy.
in october, we announced our intention to acquire Champion technologies and a related business, Corsitech, with combined 2012 sales of approximately $1.4 billion. the Champion organization is a leading global oilfield production chemical company, with an exceptional reputation, and a natural fit for our global Energy business. we expect the deal, which remains subject to various closing conditions, to close in the first quarter of 2013.
increased demand for energy has made harder-to-reach, harder-to- treat energy sources economically viable. Many of the new energy sources require more technology and water treatment solutions, creating tremendous opportunities. By combining our global Energy business with Champion, we will have a more comprehensive portfolio of products, more strategic geographic presence, broader customer relationships and the ability to bring a larger pipeline
of innovative offerings to customers faster. we expect to apply what we’ve learned about successful integration from our Nalco experience as we bring Champion and the Nalco energy teams together this coming year.
outLook FoR 2013
going forward, we recognize that we will continue to face
weak economic conditions globally. to continue to excel in this environment, we will rely on the same strategies and tactics that have generated our company’s consistent above-average growth for decades.
• we will keep innovating to drive better, more efficient and more sustainable solutions that help our customers succeed and drive competitive advantage.
• we will build share with our largest global customers, expanding the solutions we offer and increasing our value to them.
• we will invest in building our business in high-growth global markets, bringing the right people, products and infrastructure together to assure we grow the right way for the long term.
• we will better manage our costs, streamlining our corporate functions, creating new ways to do things more effectively and efficiently, while enhancing our execution.
• we will stay focused on improving cash flow and return on investment, with the expectation of returning to A-level credit metrics.
• we will increase our focus on safety, continuing to build a common safety culture and improving our performance.
• we will continue to come together as one company under the “one Ecolab” banner.
we aim to deliver great results. we know that’s an easier goal to achieve with a great team, and we have one. our talented and dedicated leadership team and field organizations are committed to delivering for customers, for each other and for our shareholders.
throughout our company, we’re embracing an “own it” mindset, clarifying expectations and roles, identifying who does what best, being accountable and owning outcomes.
As part of our integration process, we globalized our core divisions and standardized our approach across our businesses and around the world. Moving to a more global structure enables us to be more responsive to changing market conditions, eliminates redundancies in our go-to-market and back-office processes, and creates a better platform for managing customer relationships.
the much larger size and scope of our global business and our need to continually sharpen our product and service value proposition for customers requires additional senior-level oversight, so i have named tom Handley president and chief operating officer. tom
is an exceptional executive and a great partner to all of us on the executive team. Seven of our eight business sectors now report to tom; global Energy will continue to report to me.
As we move into this next phase of our growth, Ecolab’s values will continue to guide us, because we know that our work matters, and how we work matters too. our goal is to ensure that we continue to lead and are able to deliver exceptional results in all four areas of our vision — providing and protecting what is vital: clean water, safe food, abundant energy and healthy environments. we are incredibly excited about our growth prospects and our ability to make a real difference, and we are respectful of the trust our shareholders have put in us.
Sincerely,
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.
Chairman and Chief Executive officer
                                                                                          Ecolab | Annual Report 2012 5
