IF ANY YEAR PROVES THE VALUE OF WHAT ECOLAB OFFERS, 2014 DID.

A LETTER FROM ECOLAB'S CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Brazil and much of Europe. We succeeded by staying focused on serving our customers. Our model links our technology and service expertise with training and information to solve problems in a comprehensive and cost effective way. Our ongoing ability to deliver the best results at the lowest total cost to the customer, and reduce their labor, energy, waste and water use, continues to make us a valuable partner. We had very good performance across the metrics that matter the most to us. We had strong sales, margin improvement, cost efficiencies, capital returns and earnings growth, as well as very good results in safety, business integration, innovation, infrastructure efficiencies and talent development.

If any year proves the value of what Ecolab offers, 2014 did. Our ability to help ensure clean water, safe food, abundant energy and healthy environments has only become more relevant in a world where concerns about water and energy availability, environmental sustainability and public health are increasing. Once again, our team made the difference. They were a powerful and positive force behind the scenes in every industry we serve, in every region in the world, partnering with our customers to solve their most pressing challenges. Through the dedication of all Ecolab associates, our company achieved outstanding results in 2014. We won significant new business, had a record year for new product launches and accelerated sales. As a result, we leave 2014 with solid momentum.

OUR ONGOING ABILITY TO DELIVER THE BEST RESULTS AT THE LOWEST TOTAL COST TO THE CUSTOMER, AND REDUCE THEIR LABOR, ENERGY, WASTE AND WATER USE, CONTINUES TO MAKE US A VALUABLE PARTNER.
DOING MORE FOR OUR CUSTOMERS
Throughout our company, we increasingly operated as One Ecolab, leveraging the talent, insights, capabilities and innovation within our businesses to do more for our customers. When we acquired Nalco, we gained 3D TRASARTM, innovative technology that continuously monitors to detect water quality issues, enabling our customers to use water more efficiently and dramatically reduce their water footprints. Last year, we combined 3D TRASAR with our clean-in-place expertise to improve our offering to food and beverage producers. This enables better cleaning and increased production capacity while reducing water and energy consumption. We also added solid chemistry to 3D TRASAR for increased safety and sustainability benefits in our institutional markets.

STRONG PERFORMANCE IN 2014
Net sales of $14.3 billion were up 8 percent and adjusted earnings per share rose 18 percent to $4.18 (reported diluted earnings per share were up 24 percent to $3.93). Excluding acquisitions, sales grew by 5 percent. We achieved these results while managing in an uneven world, moving ahead through a seemingly record number of major geopolitical events and softness in key markets such as China,

4

ECOLAB ANNUAL REPORT 2014

$14.3
BILLION

NET SALES

UP 8%

DILUTED EARNINGS UP 18%

ADJUSTED

$4.18

PER SHARE

Doing more with less has become essential in our times. Nowhere is that more true than with water. Fresh water is increasingly scarce and projections show demand significantly outstripping supply in the years to come. Our core strength in helping our customers reduce, reuse and recycle water is becoming increasingly important. We are working hard to reduce the amount of water used in every aspect of our customers' operations (as well as our own) and we see strong interest in water-saving solutions across the board. Water stewardship continues to be a guiding principle in our research and development work.  Because of the investments we've made in accelerating our business, strengthening our capabilities and increasing our efficiencies, we enter 2015 in a good position, with significant opportunity in every market we serve. Our business is balanced by geography, by market and by customer segment. This business balance will be especially important as we move into 2015, which like all years, presents its own set of challenges. This year, the primary external factors that will impact our company are the sharp decline in oil prices and the sharp increase in the value of the U.S. dollar.

The strong dollar presents a challenge because it will negatively impact translation of our non-U.S. business results. Since we principally produce where we sell, it does not create a competitive challenge. However, it will likely have a real impact as we translate profits, and we are working to offset that through a continued focus on cost effectiveness everywhere we compete. We are confident we will manage the year effectively and achieve another year of superior growth. Importantly, we will accomplish this while continuing to invest in the foundations for future growth, including improving the information systems that support our business teams, developing more robust innovation pipelines, implementing a more efficient and effective supply chain, developing our talent and continuing to build a safety culture. We continue to take the long view as we chart our course. Ecolab has a great track record of performance. That track record comes from remembering that our job is to manage both for today and for the future. Our ability to provide our customers with the right technology and the right service while also enhancing our capabilities for the future may not seem like a complicated formula, but it is a successful one. And it is one we plan to continue to follow, because we believe it is the best way of ensuring we remain a company that our customers, our team, our shareholders and our communities can count on, today and in the years to come.

WE ENTER 2015 IN A GOOD POSITION, WITH SIGNIFICANT OPPORTUNITY IN EVERY MARKET WE SERVE.
PREPARED FOR 2015 CHALLENGES
Lower oil prices have both positive and negative effects for us, and the ultimate impact on our business will be manageable. On the downside, we expect slower growth in our Global Energy segment. On the upside, many of the raw materials we buy will be less expensive, which will reduce our product, transportation and distribution costs. Consumers will have more money to spend, and a healthier consumer economy creates more demand for many of our products and services, particularly in the foodservice and hospitality sectors.

Sincerely,

Douglas M. Baker, Jr. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

ECOLAB ANNUAL REPORT 2014

5

