 dougLas m. baker, Jr.
Chairman of the Board, president and Chief executive officer
 04
2008 eColAB AnnuAl RepoRt
For 85 years, ecolab’s sustainable solutions have continued to provide sustainable growth – 2008 was no exception
Since our company’s founding in 1923, ecolab has focused
on doing what’s right for our customers, our associates,
our communities and our shareholders. We’ve consistently led our industry in innovation and premium service. it’s this commitment to driving new customer solutions that has led to our long history of sustainable growth.
through both healthy and declining economies, this commitment to creating solutions has served us well – and 2008 was no exception. As the year progressed, we were tested by the global markets – unprecedented increases in raw material costs,
rapidly changing currency exchange rates, dramatic changes
in financial markets – and, as the year wound to a close, a significant economic slowdown. We made a number of necessary adjustments to our plans and implemented actions to address these challenges. We did this without losing focus on taking the right action for our business, customers and shareholders to provide sustainable solutions and sustainable growth. And – as we have consistently done for more than eight decades now –
we delivered.
While we were responsive to the rapidly fluctuating markets,
the same fundamentals that have driven our success in the past delivered for us again: great customer service, innovative and sustainable solutions, a clear business strategy and a dedicated and talented group of associates. We also took additional actions in response to the changing market conditions and the slowing global economy. We worked to achieve appropriate pricing
for our products, aggressively managed our costs,
drove operational efficiency and productivity throughout
all business sectors and streamlined our supply chain and production operations.
in spite of the challenges, we continued to make investments in our business. We improved our business information systems
to enable future growth, armed our sales people with more technologically advanced tools, and took many other actions that allowed us to continue to deliver the sales and profit growth our shareholders have come to expect. All of the decisions
we made were directed at developing sustainable long-term opportunities for our business while delivering attractive returns today.
Read on to learn more about our 2008 highlights:

FinAnCiAl peRFoRMAnCe
We’re proud to say we achieved another strong financial performance in 2008 despite the difficult end market conditions and major raw material cost increases. to offset these factors, we continued our efforts to aggressively drive new account gains, increased our product penetration in key accounts and launched innovative and sustainable solutions to our customers, all while making key investments to sustain our own growth for the future.
y ecolab’s net sales rose 12% to $6.1 billion in 2008. excluding the impact of acquisitions and divestitures and when measured at fixed currency rates, sales rose 6%, fueled by strong growth in the u.S., Asia pacific and latin America.
y operating income was $713 million in 2008. excluding special gains and charges, operating income reached $738 million, representing an 8% growth over 2007. Growth was driven
by sales volume and pricing gains, improved cost efficiencies and reduced variable compensation, all of which more than offset higher delivered product costs.
y Reported diluted earnings per share were $1.80, up 6% from 2007. excluding special gains and charges and discrete tax items, diluted earnings per share were $1.86 for 2008, up 12% from $1.66 in 2007.
y our return on beginning shareholders’ equity was 23% in 2008, the 17th consecutive year in which the company met or exceeded its long-term financial objective of a 20% return on beginning shareholders’ equity.
y Cash flow from operations was $753 million. total debt to total capitalization ratio was 42%. our debt rating remained within the “A” categories of the major rating agencies during 2008.
y We repurchased 12.1 million shares of our common stock in 2008, reducing our shares outstanding by approximately 4%.
y We increased our quarterly dividend rate for the 17th consecutive year, as it rose 8% in December to an indicated annual rate of $0.56 per common share.
y Against the backdrop of the 39% decrease of the 2008 Standard & poor’s 500, our share price declined 31% in 2008. While better than the overall market, it was still disappointing, especially given our strong operating results. our share performance has exceeded the S&p 500 in each of the last five years and in 15 of the past 18 years.
neW pRoDuCtS AnD SeRViCeS
As end markets declined and customers faced increasing pressure to remain profitable, ecolab continued to deliver innovative, sustainable solutions and expert service to help customers optimize their operations, save water, waste, energy and labor costs, improve safety and drive value throughout their businesses.
y through our new, revolutionary ApexTM warewashing system, restaurants gain better control of their warewashing process by decreasing energy, water and labor costs and lowering their operations’ overall environmental impact. ecolab sales- and-service associates download and analyze operating
data from the system’s controller to help restaurants find additional ways to reduce their warewashing operational costs and improve efficiency. in fact, one of our top corporate ApexTM customers was able to reduce the number of dishmachine racks it washes by 11 million, reducing water and energy costs by $1 million in just one year. ApexTM enjoyed a strong response and sales nearly doubled our 2008 budget.
y We also successfully rolled out our new SolidSenseTM solid detergent product line for several key corporate customer accounts in the quick service restaurant (QSR) sector. SolidSenseTM concentrated capsules deliver important benefits for our QSR customers by using advanced dispenser engineering to automatically mix solid concentrates
with water to ensure proper use dispensing rates for the products. in addition, because the products are 99% water- free, they reduce packaging waste by more than 40% and contribute to lower freight costs, thereby reducing a facility’s environmental impact. this new solids product line also
lays the groundwork for continued customer conversion
throughout 2009.
y With the growing globalization of the world’s food supply,
ecolab believes it is more important than ever to make best practices available in all countries to assist in improving total hygiene and food safety throughout every aspect of the food chain. ecolab took an industry leadership position in China by debuting a number of programs focused on food safety. in September, we introduced the ecolab Food Safety program (eFSp), a total solution to meet the food safety needs of China’s foodservice, retail and hospitality markets. the
eFSp is modeled after the u.S. Hazard Analysis and Critical Control point (HACCp) food safety program. eFSp focuses
on preventing hazards that could cause foodborne illness
by applying science-based controls from raw material to finished product. like the HACCp program, the eFSp includes several critical modules, including food safety assessment, consulting, hygiene solutions, management systems, training and quality assurance. it was followed by the introduction of a similar program for China’s brewery, beverage, dairy and food processing markets in october, called the ecolab total Hygiene Management (etHM) solution.
y We introduced one of our most sustainable u.S. product solutions - peRformanceTM - to european commercial laundries. peRformanceTM is a low-temperature, proprietary oxygen bleach that reduces energy consumption for our textile Care customers and increases textile life. this addition strengthens our global product portfolio and is another way to help commercial laundries reduce total operating and environmental costs through a combination of chemistry, service, engineering, technology and water care solutions.
y pest elimination combined proactive pest protection with a more environmentally sustainable customer solution through its successful launch of Checkpoint® Catch inserts and Checkpoint® Snap trap inserts. these new patent-pending devices strengthen our already proven ecolab Rodent program and are designed to prevent exterior rodents
from entering commercial facilities, while reducing the dependence on rodenticides. in addition, both insert types conform to national organic program standards when used without pesticides, so they give ecolab’s organic customers more options for protection than are available with competitors’ programs.
y Vehicle Care also launched a sustainable customer solution called Blue Coral® Beyond Green, an innovative industry program that helps assure regulatory compliance among car wash operators across north America, and addresses the
car wash consumer’s desire for environmentally preferred options. As with all of our products, we look beyond simply providing the best chemistry by taking a comprehensive approach to sustainability. We assist our business partners in becoming more sustainable by focusing on four key elements: water reduction, waste reduction, energy savings and personal safety.
2008 eColAB AnnuAl RepoRt 05

06
2008 eColAB AnnuAl RepoRt
these examples are just a few of the more than 50 new products and services launched last year. You can find more of our latest product and service offerings in the “Review of operations” section beginning on page 14 of this report.
of course, beyond products and programs, our legendary customer service remains ecolab’s key differentiator and one of the best value-added benefits our customers receive. Already the largest and most trusted team in the industry with more than 14,000 sales-and-service associates, we continued to invest in our team in 2008. We expanded the tools and training we provide to ensure our associates have the technology and support they need to help our customers run clean, safe and efficient operations. this commitment to personal service continues to inspire confidence among our customers that ecolab is a dedicated partner in the long-term success of
their businesses.
BuSineSS DeVelopMent
We’ve made key investments in our company to streamline our operations and aggressively pursue new growth opportunities.
leADeRSHip DeVelopMent
Strong leadership is required to sustain our future growth. important leadership developments in 2008 included:
y in February, Barbara J. Beck, executive Vice president of Manpower inc., joined ecolab’s board of directors. Barbara has been president of Manpower’s eMeA operations since 2006, overseeing europe (excluding France), the Middle east and Africa.
y in April, Susan nestegard was promoted to executive Vice president, Global Healthcare, where she focuses exclusively on the expansion and growth of our Healthcare business. We recruited Dr. larry Berger in late April to take Susan’s previous position as Senior Vice president and Chief technical officer.
y in August, Christophe Beck was promoted to executive
Vice president – institutional north America. Christophe’s responsibilities were increased to cover both the Foodservice and Hospitality businesses in the u.S. and Canada.
ACHieVeMent & ReCoGnition
each year, ecolab is recognized for its global leadership across a number of industries where we conduct business. Here is just a sampling of the recognition we received in 2008:
y ecolab earned fifth place on “America’s Best Big Companies Honor Roll.” the honor roll recognizes only 16 companies that have consistently appeared on Forbes magazine’s annual list of the 400 best big companies in America – also known as the Forbes platinum 400 - since its inception in 1999. this recognition underscores our focus on consistently achieving strong financial results in the right way.
y For the second consecutive year, ecolab was named one of the “World’s Most ethical Companies” by Ethisphere magazine. the list is composed of companies that use ethical leadership as a purposeful method to drive profits and growth. We are proud to be among the fewer than 100 companies chosen for the award.
y in January, our ApexTM Dishmachine received the 2008 kitchen innovations Award from the national Restaurant Association. Recipients were selected based on how well they provided solutions to the many challenges facing restaurants, including utility costs, labor, quality and efficiency. ApexTM
is the first all-solid, low-temperature dishmachine to use an epA-registered solid sanitizer and an attached controller to optimize operational efficiency and reduce environmental impacts within the dish room. We were honored to be included among this elite group of products.
y ecolab was also named one of the “top 50 Most Military- Friendly employers in the united States” by G.I. Jobs magazine. the foundational criteria include the strength
of company military recruiting efforts, the percentage of new hires with prior military service, and company policies toward national Guard and reserve service. We are extremely pleased to receive recognition for our recruitment efforts.
y For the fifth consecutive year, ecolab was named to Selling Power’s list of “the 50 Best Companies to Sell For” among the largest sales forces in the united States. the magazine uses key metrics including compensation, training and career mobility to make its determination. We know our sales-and- service force is the key to our success and growth and we’re delighted to again be acknowledged.
y
We successfully completed a major transformation of our shareholder base as Henkel AG & Co. kGaA sold its entire stake in ecolab, which totaled 72.7 million shares before the sale. As part of the transaction, we purchased 11.3 million shares of ecolab stock at a discount from Henkel. Henkel held an investment in ecolab since 1989 as part of a transaction in which ecolab and Henkel formed a joint venture in europe, combining each company’s european commercial cleaning and sanitizing operations. in 2001, we purchased Henkel’s interest in the joint venture for cash. in February 2008, Henkel announced its intention to sell its ecolab shares, and undertook the sale of all of its shares
in november. Despite difficult financial market conditions, the transaction was successfully completed with the stock sold to a strong group of u.S. and foreign institutional and retail investors. We now enjoy an even stronger and more diversified shareholder base.
We established a new european headquarters in Zurich, Switzerland. our new europe, Middle east and Africa (eMeA) headquarters centralizes strategic leadership in the region, and supports a more efficient, pan-european business model. We successfully completed a pilot implementation of our ecolab Business Solutions (eBS) in europe during late
2008, and will continue the rollout to other european country operations in 2009. eBS is an extensive project that implements a common set of business processes and systems across all of europe. this platform enables us to accelerate our growth and improve economies of scale. the resulting global integration and shared information improves sales
and support of our pan-european organization, increasing the quality of service and the depth of commitment to
our customers.
y
y

outlook FoR 2009
Moving into the new year, we expect 2009 to test businesses around the globe. the deep global recession is expected to continue and will create demands on business models, strategies and people. Although we aren’t immune, we are confident in our market position and the strength of our team. We know that we have the ability to execute on our strategy. We not only expect ecolab to weather these conditions, but also to continue to grow while positioning ourselves for an even stronger future.
We have already made tough decisions. the most difficult was restructuring our workforce in January. it is not easy to ask associates, who have made many important contributions, to leave the company. Still, we strongly believe that these actions are the right ones for the company and were necessary to protect our future. our goal was to make sure that we realigned resources to best enable us to meet our 2009 and Strat 2015 goals.
there is no doubt the market will challenge us. on the downside, we’re seeing declines in our foodservice and hospitality
markets and expect them to continue. on the upside, those declines are countered by typically resilient healthcare, food and beverage, education/government and food retail markets, and our customers’ increased needs for effective solutions that help them reduce their costs. We have a strong market position with enormous potential. We will work aggressively to grow our market-leading position, which is presently 12% of a $50 billion market. And we will rely on competitive advantages like a strong global customer base, leading technology, a dedicated sales- and-service team and organizational efficiencies to position us to win in this environment.
y We will drive increased market share. We know that larger customers fare better in these economic times and will aggressively drive share within corporate accounts. We will also continue investing in the best growth opportunities like healthcare infection prevention, escalating pest elimination operations globally, expanding our water/energy platform and penetrating emerging markets like China, east europe and Brazil.
y We will leverage innovation, such as our total impact program, to create additional value for our customers. By combining our products and services, we can solve big customer issues through a total impact approach in reducing costs associated with water, energy and waste. products
like ApexTM, Dryexx® and SolidSenseTM offer customers outstanding results while providing significant savings and sustainable solutions.
y We will accelerate structural improvements through expediting our product line makeover and Sku (stock keeping units) reduction plans, leveraging our lean Six Sigma
and purchasing efforts, optimizing our supply chain and aggressively managing raw material costs.
y We will continue to realign our cost structure to protect
our future for the near- and long-term. We’ve taken some aggressive steps toward these goals early in the year, and are planning on a further optimization of our supply chain.
y We will drive change in europe, moving forward with our
eBS rollout, leveraging the new pan-european management structure in Zurich, completing product rationalization and investing in our sales force with training and field technology to accelerate growth and profitability.
y We will continue to invest in our most valuable resource: our associates. We’re working on strengthening our high potential leadership pipeline, continuing to implement our diversity and inclusion strategy and focusing on development opportunities.
As with every year, with challenges come opportunities. We plan to successfully manage through this very challenging year and protect our growth for our customers, associates, shareholders and community. We will push forward with our 2015 strategic plan and preserve our core investments. We will continue to invest in innovation, take advantage of merger and acquisition opportunities, build the best team in the industry and position ourselves for growth. Because no matter the obstacles we face this year, we remain focused on delivering great value, just like we have for the past 85 years.
douglas m. baker, Jr.
Chairman of the Board,
president and Chief executive officer
 2008 eColAB AnnuAl RepoRt 07
