Once again, we promised results –
To Our Shareholders
Over the past 75 years, Ecolab has built its reputation
by offering superior cleaning and sanitation performance – at any hour of the day, in every corner of the world. Our ability to demonstrate financial performance has been equally reliable. 1998 was no exception.
Once again, our results were outstanding. With aggressive growth goals and steady financial discipline, we achieved record highs in sales, earnings and earnings per share, and exceeded all three of our long-term financial objectives for the third consecutive year. This culminated with the value of Ecolab shares rising 31 percent in 1998, to close at a record year-end stock price and record market capitalization.
We also strengthened our business through strategic acquisitions, enhanced our coverage through major field sales investments, and further differentiated our business with new products, systems and services. As always, our Circle the Customer – Circle the Globe strategy drove these achievements, along with the dedicated, aggressive efforts
and we delivered.
of our nearly 17,000 associates worldwide – a number that reflects our undisputed global leadership position.
Specifically, here’s what we accomplished in 1998.
We delivered record financial performance:
• Sales from wholly-owned operations increased 15 per- cent to a record $1.9 billion, with sales force investments, new products and services, and the integration of acquisi- tions driving sales gains. Our global sales coverage, includ- ing our European joint venture, Henkel-Ecolab, reached $2.8 billion.
• Income from continuing operations increased to $155 mil- lion, up 15 percent over 1997’s income, to $1.15 per diluted share. Earnings benefited from innovative, differentiated new products; productivity improvements; and disciplined cost control. 1998 was Ecolab’s sixth consecutive year of double-digit earnings per share growth.
• Return on beginning shareholders’ equity reached a record 28 percent, exceeding our long-term financial objec- tive of a 20 percent return for the seventh consecutive year.
Allan L. Schuman,
President and Chief Executive Officer (left)
Michael E. Shannon,
Chairman of the Board, Chief Financial and Administrative Officer (right)
2 Ecolab 1998 Annual Report
  
• Cash flow from continuing operations increased 17 per- cent, also reaching an all-time high. Strong cash flow and moderate debt levels allowed us to maintain our objective of an investment grade balance sheet, and our debt contin- ued to be rated within the “A” categories by the major rating agencies.
• Our stock price continued to climb. We began the year at $27.72 and ended at $36.19, posting a 31 percent increase and exceeding the Standard & Poor’s 500 growth of 27 per- cent. This represents the fourth consecutive year in which we outperformed the S&P 500, and the seventh year of the past eight.
• In December, we raised our quarterly cash dividend by 11 percent to $0.105 per share from $0.095. This resulted in an indicated annual rate of $0.42 per share, and is in keeping with our policy of paying out between 30 and 40 percent of our earnings as dividends.
We grew our business:
• In 1998, we added 920 associates to our sales-and-ser- vice force through internal growth and acquisitions. Now 6,365 members strong, it continues to be the largest and best-trained sales-and-service organization in the industry. When including our Henkel-Ecolab joint venture, our sales- and-service force boasts 8,730 associates worldwide.
• We continued to aggressively implement our Circle the Customer – Circle the Globe strategy, introducing add-on services such as the FresH2 O point-of-use water filtration business and the Ecoflo Grease Elimination Program, both of which are being very well-received by foodservice cus- tomers. Our strong pipeline of new products also contin- ued to perform well, including GeoSystem 9000, the next generation in warewashing solids, and Vortexx, a peracid sanitizer for food and beverage processing applications.
In addition, we introduced KayStar, a multi-faceted pro- gram of cleaning and sanitizing products that helps quick- service restaurant customers enhance efficiency within their restaurant operations.
• We successfully integrated Gibson Chemical into exist- ing operations and sold its non-core business units. This Australian-based acquisition has proven to be an extremely valuable addition to our business, and opportunities to leverage the combined strengths of Gibson and Ecolab associates look outstanding.
We made strategic acquisitions:
• In June, we further established our presence in the water filtration market with the acquisition of certain assets of Puremark International, a Fairfield, N.J.-based marketer of filtration and conditioning systems for foodservice opera- tions. We also purchased certain assets of American Fluid Technologies, a Hopkins, Minn.-based provider of products and services for cleaning membrane systems used to process water in food, beverage, pharmaceutical and industrial applications.
• In July, we purchased GCS Service, Inc. of Danbury, Conn., a leading provider of commercial food equipment service and part sales. With the GCS acquisition, Ecolab became the largest supplier of this critical service – a key need of our chain accounts. We plan to build GCS into a nationally offered service.
• In November, we acquired selected assets of Vulcan Chemical Technologies Inc., of Sacramento, Calif., a supplier of chlorine dioxide generator technology for the food pro- cessing industry. This acquisition broadened our ability to meet that market’s growing cleaning, sanitation and food safety needs.
 Ecolab 1998 Annual Report 3

4 Ecolab 1998 Annual Report
• In December, we strengthened our presence in South Africa by purchasing selected assets of Brent Chemical Technologies of Johannesburg, a leading manufacturer and marketer of cleaning and sanitizing products and services for the South African food and beverage industry.
• In January 1999, we purchased Blue Coral Systems of Tucson, Ariz. Blue Coral is a leading marketer of a broad line of branded vehicle cleaning, appearance and specialty prod- ucts for the vehicle wash industry. The acquisition makes us the market leader, bolstering our existing efforts in vehicle wash and essentially completing our national coverage.
We strengthened our global presence:
• Henkel-Ecolab’s growth accelerated in 1998, helped
by acquisitions and our investments to increase product differentiation and introduce more aggressive marketing efforts. Henkel-Ecolab sales increased 10 percent in 1998 when measured in Deutsche marks. Excluding businesses acquired during 1998, sales rose 5 percent. Profits were also good. Ecolab’s equity from Henkel-Ecolab rose 19 percent to a record $16 million.
• We continued to improve our ability to serve customers around the world with new manufacturing plants in the Philippines, Kenya and Colombia, as well as plant expan- sions in Japan and Thailand. In addition, we expanded our warehouses in Georgia and Ohio.
We upheld our service tradition:
• In April, we opened Ecolab University, a state-of-the-
art corporate training and development center located in
St. Paul, Minn., that replaces our East and West Coast training facilities. Featuring the resources necessary to develop highly skilled and knowledgeable associates, Ecolab University is a powerful extension of our commitment to service excellence.
Its location at our corporate headquarters centralizes train- ing and helps familiarize new hires with the Ecolab culture. • Ecolab was honored in 1998 to become the inaugural inductee into the Multi-Unit Food Service Operators’ Hall
of Fame. Ecolab had won MUFSO’s prestigious equipment, supplies and service “Supplier of theYear” award in eight
of the previous 10 years.
In addition:
• A year after Pest Elimination’s National Support Center was severely damaged by the Red River floods of 1997, the division opened a new facility in Grand Forks, N.D. The building was inaugurated in August, and it houses customer service, finance and administrative support
for Pest Elimination’s sales and service associates.
• Following 10 years of service, Philip L. Smith retired from Ecolab’s board of directors in March 1999. We are grateful for the many contributions Phil provided Ecolab over the past decade, and we will miss his counsel.
• Jerry A. Grundhofer, president and chief executive officer of Firstar Corporation, a bank holding company based in Milwaukee, Wisc., and William L. Jews, president and chief executive officer of CareFirst, Inc., based in Owings Mills, Md., were elected directors by the board in March 1999.
We welcome Jerry and Bill to Ecolab and look forward
to their participation in guiding our future.
• After 32 years with Ecolab, Jerry Carlson, senior vice president, Corporate Planning & Development, retired in October. Jerry made countless contributions during his long and distinguished career with Ecolab. He served in a variety of positions, including general manager for the Institutional Division and twice heading International operations. We wish him the very best in his future pursuits.
 
Outlook
As we enter 1999, Ecolab continues to forge ahead.
We further strengthened the business in 1998, bolstering
our field sales capabilities, introducing new, differentiated products and systems, expanding our global coverage and broadening the markets in which we do business.
Consequently, we enter 1999 with a solid foundation. While we remain cautious about Asian and Latin American economies, we believe our aggressive efforts in those regions will yield strong results as they recover. Furthermore, our domestic hospitality and restaurant markets remain healthy, and the number and breadth of chain accounts demanding superior service and consistent global coverage continue to grow worldwide. With its extensive reach and long-standing reputation for excellence, Ecolab is uniquely qualified to help these customers run safer, more attractive and sanitary businesses in every corner of the globe.
Markets and economies may change, but Ecolab’s singular focus on its Circle the Customer – Circle the Globe strategy remains unchanged. Around the clock, around the world, that focus continues to drive the actions of our dedi- cated team of associates and fuel our company’s growth. By offering customers an increasing array of products and services wherever they do business, we will maintain our leadership position. Thus in 1999, we’re confident we can promise shareholders, customers and associates superior results – and, as always, we’ll deliver.
Allan L. Schuman
President and Chief Executive Officer
Michael E. Shannon
Chairman of the Board, Chief Financial and Administrative Officer
  Celebrating 75 years
  In 1923, Ecolab began with a
single product, a single employee,
and a single-minded dedication
to being the industr y leader. In
1998, as we celebrated our 75th
anniversary, this powerful vision had become a reality. Today Ecolab is a $2.8 billion global enterprise employing nearly 17,000 associates worldwide. It serves industrial, institutional and hospitality customers in more than 150 countries – and it just keeps getting bigger every day.
Throughout its history, Ecolab has achieved this position by being better at what it does than anyone else. We’ve anticipated growing mar-
ket needs, providing advanced products, services and systems, all of which help our customers run more profitable and successful busi- nesses. We’ve continually moved the industry forward, contributing
to a cleaner, more attractive and healthier world. Our size, scope and expertise today would undoubtedly surpass our early founders’ wildest expectations.
I was proud to stand at the helm of this outstanding company as we celebrated our 75-year history of innova- tion and leadership. I also look forward to the upcoming years, because I know the best is yet to come.
             