     A LETTER FROM ECOLAB CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT D CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
All of us at Ecolab worldwide know why we are in business — to the world cleaner, safer and healthier, everywhere it matters.
AN
  make
    We are in a strong position to capitalize on the opportunities ahead because we continue to invest in new products, programs and field and customer technology.
That clarity of purpose, and our associates’ commitment to it, enabled us to deliver another year of strong results.
Despite a mixed global economy, we again drove sales and earnings growth, as well as attractive returns for our shareholders. We continued our sharp focus on the key fundamentals, adding new customers, launching new products while also streamlining our product line and continuing to seek operational efficiencies. We expanded our business with existing customers; provided industry- leading personal service; and launched new products and programs that provide superior cleaning along with water, energy, waste and labor savings.
Our strong financial position enabled us to invest for future growth. We expanded our teams in emerging markets to better serve customers and achieve efficiencies. We completed acquisitions that expand our market position and improve our growth prospects. And we continued to invest in technology and systems that will deliver savings over the long term.
We are proud of the results we achieved in 2010 and of the investments and actions we took to ensure the future growth for Ecolab. We are a stronger company for these, and with a clear strategy, strong financials and a dedicated team of exceptional associates, we are ready to build on our success and continue our growth.
Outlook for 2011
We expect the economic trends in the regions and markets we serve to follow much the same path and pace in 2011. By region, the North America and Europe markets will continue along a slow recovery path, while we expect Asia Pacific and Latin America to grow rapidly. Projections point to steady end-market growth in the healthcare, food and beverage manufacturing, food retail and hospitality sectors, with slower, but steady improvement in the food service market as well.
Ecolab is well-positioned to continue delivering consistent above- average growth that generates superior value for our stakeholders. The global market for cleaning and sanitizing products and services is estimated at $57 billion. We are the industry leader, yet we currently hold just an 11 percent market share, so there is significant room for growth. In addition, demographic and economic shifts indicate the global market for the cleaning and sanitizing solutions we offer is only going to get bigger. For example:
y A growing global population, expected to reach nine billion by 2050, will require more food, delivered via increasingly complex supply chains. Food safety will be a concern at every link.
4 Ecolab | Annual Report 2010
  
             y Rising personal incomes in emerging markets, particularly China and Brazil, are driving the establishment of new restaurants, hotels and other businesses that need cleaning products and services. These higher incomes also are increasing demand
for higher protein diets, a development which will require increasingly effective food safety solutions.
y Aging populations are driving demand in both the hospitality and healthcare sectors, where cleaning and infection control products and services are needed.
y Energy costs are expected to continue to rise and fresh water supplies to steadily decline. Customers across all sectors will need the expertise we bring to conserve critical natural resources.
We are in a strong position to capitalize on the opportunities ahead because we continue to invest in new products, programs and field and customer technology. But most important, we have the world’s largest, best-trained and most experienced sales and service team. We are able to provide the unparalleled on-site service that helps customers optimize their operations and customize the use of our products to achieve the best cleaning and sanitizing results with the lowest labor, energy use and water consumption.
We are also guided by our Strategy 2015, which focuses on five areas:
y Continuing to develop our corporate accounts — customers with multiple sites who need consistently clean environments across all of their geographies;
y Ensuring a leadership position in emerging markets, particularly China, India, and Brazil;
y Enhancing and marketing our expertise in water and energy conservation to help customers across all our markets conserve resources and reduce waste;
y Building our healthcare business around our strength in infection prevention; and
y Driving operational efficiencies and leverage, with immediate attention on enhancing our margin structure in Europe.
A key focus in 2011 will be leveraging our significant investment in Europe’s business systems. We have been working to improve Europe’s sales growth and profitability by substantially increasing our efficiency and effectiveness which will further improve our competitiveness. We are leveraging our new systems to better align our business and functional support while improving the delivery of Ecolab’s high standards for customer product and service excellence.
To help accelerate this effort, we are developing plans for an accelerated restructuring of our European operations. We expect to incur a pretax restructuring charge of approximately $150 million over the next three years, beginning in the first quarter of 2011,
as the restructuring is rolled out. The restructuring, efficiency, margin improvement and other cost savings actions are expected
to result in more than $120 million in annualized operating income improvement when completed. We expect the full range of the initiatives we are planning and have underway will also result
in significantly improved and more consistent sales growth and profitability in Europe. Our team is excited to be entering this stage of our European business transformation work. We all can clearly see the business opportunities and performance improvements in front of us and are eager and ready to get after them. Europe will be in a great position to add significant value to our customers and shareholders going forward.
There is no doubt we have great opportunities and an even larger role to play. Every day Ecolab associates around the world are working to help keep food supplies safe, prevent the spread of infection, and provide clean spaces for people to live, work, play and heal. We play a critical role for our customers, and possess an enormous opportunity not only to provide superior value for our shareholders, but also to improve life for people everywhere. We have the right elements in place to seize this opportunity, and a strong determination and commitment to deliver for our customers, associates and shareholders.
Sincerely,
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.
Chairman of the Board
President and Chief Executive Officer
 Ecolab | Annual Report 2010 5
