 4 ECOLAB • ANNUAL REPORT 2009
In a challenging year, resiliency and resolve drove results, enabling Ecolab to continue
its record of growth.
In 2009, during one of the most challenging business environments in our history, the time-tested formula for Ecolab’s growth again proved instrumental to our success. The formula included an unwavering dedication to our mission to make the world a cleaner, safer and healthier place, an aggressive drive to build our business and a strong commitment to increase shareholder value.
The global recession affected our core hospitality and foodservice markets as never before. Customers needed our products and services as critically as ever, but they faced increased pressures due to softer demand and a turbulent economy.
We responded with aggressive actions to serve our customers and control our costs. We delivered innovative new products that not only provided outstanding results but also helped our customers improve their labor, water and energy efficiency, which reduced their costs. We built market share, adding new customers. We maintained appropriate pricing. We took necessary actions to significantly reduce our operating costs. We invested in systems to improve our unmatched personal service to customers as well as our operating efficiency. And, we continued to invest in our future growth initiatives.
Through the resiliency and resolve of our associates, we delivered another superior performance for our shareholders while building opportunity for the future. Our performance underscored the strength of our business, our people and our strategies. We are justifiably proud of our results and our very talented people who worked so hard to achieve them.
 
 Outlook for 2010
We expect a limited economic recovery and continued challenges in our markets in 2010. Our customers, particularly in the U.S. and Europe, will face ongoing pressure as economic uncertainties persist. We look for steady growth in our healthcare, food and beverage and food retail sectors and developing improvement in the foodservice and hospitality markets as the year progresses. In short, we will need to continue to press hard in all areas to drive sales and improve profitability in 2010.
But we also enter the year a stronger company. We took critical actions
in 2009 that made us more focused and efficient, and we are continuing efforts to improve further. We implemented and began to leverage our new European management structure. We completed the implementation of our Ecolab Business Solutions (EBS) systems, a project that puts a common
set of business processes and information systems in place in countries generating more than half our European revenues. And we improved supply chain and shared services efficiency.
In addition, we added critical talent in key growth areas, such as corporate account sales, high-potential markets such as healthcare and food retail, and in emerging regions, including Asia Pacific and Latin America. We also continued to add to our talent base, Ecolab’s ultimate competitive strength.
Our opportunities to grow the company and generate more value are substantial. Our mission – to help make the world cleaner, safer and healthier – is at the very core of quality of human life everywhere. In addition, our products and services strike at the heart of the basic need to minimize risk. They provide our customers with assurance that the risks associated with cleanliness and sanitation are being reduced. With one less worry, our customers are freed to focus on other aspects of running their businesses.
We are the global leader in a $57 billion market, yet we have only an
11 percent share. Our competitive advantages are significant: We have industry-leading products, an unparalleled sales-and-service force and a proven record of successfully serving customers, large and small, anywhere in the world. Our strategy for top-line growth, “Circle the Customer –
Circle the Globe,” is well proven and our 26,000 associates have the skills to execute it. We have many opportunities to significantly improve our margins and we are working aggressively to realize those opportunities. Further, our financial strength enables us to take advantage of strategic mergers and acquisitions.
ECOLAB • ANNUAL REPORT 2009
To meet our objectives for 2010, we will focus on proven fundamentals: y We will invest in our sales strength to drive new customer gains and
build market share in both core and growth sectors. Our sales teams, equipped with additional training and improved prospecting tools,
will work to broaden the range of solutions we provide to corporate accounts while expanding our business with regional chains and independent accounts. We will focus resources on developing high- potential areas including global healthcare, water services and technology. We will also continue to invest in expanded sales capability in high-growth emerging markets, including China, India and Latin America.
y We will continue to build competitive advantage through sustainable, industry-leading innovations. We will add to our growing list of “total impact” products that deliver outstanding performance, along with cost savings through water, energy and waste reduction and reduced environmental impact.
y We will strengthen profitability through ongoing improvement in our cost structure and operating efficiencies. We will continue to achieve significant process improvement through our Lean Six Sigma work. Manufacturing will be further streamlined as we reduce the number
of our finished goods or SKUs (stock keeping units) and optimize our formulations. We will also improve operating efficiencies by completing the primary rollout of the EBS operating system in Europe and initiating the implementation of process efficiency tools that will benefit our supply chain and shared services, as well as our sales and profitability.
y We will ensure ongoing success through the continued development of a winning team. Our priorities are to continue to strengthen our leadership for the future and foster a culture that more fully engages our associates.
Through our actions, we will continue to elevate Ecolab’s reputation as the industry’s global leader, a company that can be counted on for innovative solutions and services that promise – and deliver – assurance everywhere it matters.
We are confident in our position to grow in 2010 and again outperform our markets. The resolve, resiliency and discipline that current market challenges demand have sharpened our focus, improved our operations and strengthened us for opportunities ahead – opportunities to generate value for our shareholders, provide growth for our associates and deliver solutions for our customers.
Sincerely,
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.
Chairman of the Board
President and Chief Executive Officer
5
 