TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
We’re pleased to report that 2011 came to a close on a high note for the company. We set new energy-delivery records and provided strong shareholder returns despite the sluggish national economy and another year of severe weather.
We are fortunate to energize the most vibrant and renowned region in the nation. By any measure, New York is one of the premier cities in the world. Tourism, for example, continues to be a boon to the local economy and our business. Last year, more than 50 million visitors came to see the city’s sights, conduct business, explore the cultural riches, and enjoy the tremendous array of hotels, restaurants, and theaters. The number of jobs in the region’s private sector grew slightly over the past year and commercial real-estate markets showed signs of a revival.
Looking forward, large construction projects will help fuel the resurgence of the local economy and our company’s bottom line. A stretch of real estate on Roosevelt Island will be revitalized as the home of a new applied-science and engineering campus of Cornell University. This major economic-development project is expected to diversify and expand New York City’s economy by attracting world-class talent and creating a global center for new technologies and entrepreneurship. A temporary off-site campus is set to open in 2012, and the first phase of the permanent Roosevelt Island site is scheduled to open in 2017.
Construction at Hudson Yards, one of the last significant development opportunities in Manhattan, is expected to begin in 2012. When fully realized, the residential and commercial complex will form a new neighborhood with six million square feet of office space, 5,000 residences, a cultural center, several new parks, and a public school. The first tower of the complex is expected to open in 2015.
On the weather front, last winter was defined by frigid temperatures and steady snowfall. Three heat waves in July raised the mercury level as high as 104 degrees. August brought torrential rain, and just as we thought the summer was behind us, news broke that a powerful hurricane was heading our way. Just before Labor Day weekend, Hurricane Irene’s heavy rain, high winds, and storm surge struck our shores.
KEVIN BURKE
Chairman, President,
and Chief Executive Officer
 CON EDISON ANNUAL REPORT 1

Eight weeks later, at October’s foliage peak, an unprecedented storm dumped up to 19 inches of heavy, wet snow on our service territory. The leaves were covered with snow, and the resulting weight snapped thousands of trees and limbs, downing power lines and causing one of the biggest storm-related outages in the company’s history.
The weather was relentless, but so were our restoration efforts once the skies cleared. Our employees’ dedication and professionalism shined as they worked tirelessly to restore power.
Our impressive stock performance benefits us and our shareholders. The stock price climbed steadily throughout the year, reaching an all-time high in December and finishing the year up 25 percent. In another key indicator of the company’s strength, our electric-delivery system continued to perform better than that of any other utility in the nation.
We attribute our ability to overcome challenges and remain profitable and reliable to EnergyNY, our long-term business blueprint. The plan is built on three cornerstones: a commitment to providing our customers the means to conserve energy, investing strategically in our systems and new technologies, and protecting the environment in all that we do.
ENERGYNY
MAKING EVERY KILOWATT COUNT
Our EnergyNY business formula begins with making it easier for customers to use less energy. After all, no one wants to consume excess energy,
but everyone is interested in a comfortable lifestyle. Our energy-efficiency programs help customers reduce energy use without compromising their quality of life. A varied selection of incentives and rebates allows customers to cool, heat, and light their homes and businesses more efficiently.
More than 150,000 customers – from homeowners and condominium complexes to universities, hotels, and hospitals – have taken advantage of our offerings over the last three years.
 2 CON EDISON ANNUAL REPORT

Last year, the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs medical center in Brooklyn installed new lights with motion sensors throughout the center’s hallways and corridors. As a result, the facility will save more than $250,000 a year in energy costs. An apartment complex in Morningside Heights, Manhattan, installed a boiler-control system to make the most of their energy use, and received $100,000 in incentives to cover the cost.
Small businesses can get free energy surveys and incentives of up to 70 percent of the cost of lighting, heating, and cooling upgrades. A gourmet grocery chain with stores in Manhattan and Brooklyn upgraded the lighting and refrigeration at four locations, saving almost $50,000 a year in energy costs. Further north, a Rockland County lumber company modernized lights at several of the company’s warehouse and storefront locations and
is profiting from energy savings.
Homeowners from the upper reaches of Orange County to the eastern border of Queens are making home-energy improvements with Con Edison’s help. An Ossining couple installed a high-efficiency furnace and programmable thermostat and began saving on heating, calling our rebate “icing on the cake.”
We partner with our large commercial customers to curb energy use and help keep our systems reliable when temperatures soar. Businesses receive incentives to reduce energy use when demand is highest. The programs helped save enough energy during the July heat wave to power more than a quarter of a million homes in New York City.
Our energy-efficiency efforts are making a measurable difference. Thanks
to the $60 million we’ve given to customers to become more efficient, New Yorkers are using less energy. And because of these savings, we expect to defer $200 million in electric-system investments. Our goal is to meet the demand for electricity while minimizing the need for additional infrastructure, the second piece of the EnergyNY formula.
   (Left) Maintaining 10,000 miles of transmission lines keeps the lights on for 9 million people. (Top) Con Edison’s Green Team installs energy- efficient lights at a gourmet market. (Bottom) Customer Service Representative Julie Pichardo helped handle the more than 16 million calls received by our call centers last year.
CON EDISON ANNUAL REPORT 3

 ENERGYNY
BUILDING FOR FUTURE CUSTOMER BENEFIT
Keeping the energy flowing to the more than nine million residents we serve is a huge responsibility that requires constant and strategic investment in our massive energy systems. We commit roughly $2 billion annually to replace and upgrade our extensive electric, gas, and steam networks.
Our capital spending keeps existing infrastructure strong and reliable. Last year, we installed 1,750 miles of electric cable, and replaced nearly 60 miles of gas mains. We maintain our systems for today’s service, while building for tomorrow’s needs.
In 2011, we energized our newest substation, which will allow us to provide more reliable service to customers in the Bronx and Upper Manhattan. A
new three-mile, gas-transmission main in the Bronx will come online in 2012, enhancing service for residents and businesses across the city. In Orange County, upgrades and reinforcements to our gas systems mean better service for the residents of Middletown, New York.
Keeping pace with the latest technologies is a key piece of our investment strategy. We are implementing the company’s first large-scale smart-
grid project. Thousands of sensors and transmitters, along with other sophisticated monitoring and control equipment, will reduce heat-related stress on our electric system by containing outages and preventing them from spreading. The new technologies and equipment helped us monitor the grid during last summer’s heat waves. We also continue to test ways to integrate renewable-energy generation, building-management systems, and electric-vehicle charging stations.
We recognize the need to develop renewable energy sources, and have designated nearly $300 million over three years for our competitive energy businesses to pursue green-power generation. The investments will allow us to meet future demand for solar and other clean generation.
Our stellar reputation for reliable service affirms the success of our investment strategy. We continue to build for the future by investing in advanced technologies and sustainable-energy sources.
  
 2011 HIGHLIGHTS
Con Edison of New York Electric Operations
• Invested nearly $1.2 billion to upgrade and reinforce systems.
• Installed 1,550 miles of underground and 200 miles of overhead cable.
• Added or replaced more than 3,200 transformers.
• Met extreme weather challenges, including Hurricane Irene, heat waves, and a Halloween snowstorm.
• Won PA Consulting Group’s Outstanding System-Wide Reliability Award and Northeast Region Reliability Award.
• Helped customers reduce electricity use by more than 166,000 megawatt hours through our energy- efficiency programs.
• Set record for peak demand of 13,189 megawatts on July 22, 2011.
Con Edison of New York Gas Operations
• Invested about $300 million to strengthen and expand infrastructure.
• Reinforced and expanded transmission system in the Bronx.
• Installed more than 1,850 new services and replaced nearly 60 miles of mains.
• Set second-highest daily delivery record of more than 1.34 million dekatherms on January 13, 2011, and highest monthly delivery record of more than 36 million dekatherms in
January 2011.
Con Edison of New York Steam Operations
• Invested $97 million to strengthen systems.
• Connected five new customers, including the World Trade Center Memorial and New York Law School.
• Enhanced system reliability and safety by installing water-level detection devices and new trap assemblies.
• Retired the Hudson Avenue steam-generating plant, commissioned in 1932.
Orange and Rockland Utilities
• Energized new $34-million distribution substation in Orangeburg, NY, to improve reliability in Rockland and Bergen counties.
• Energized $9.2-million transmission substation in the Town of Chester, NY, to improve reliability in Orange, Sullivan, and Pike counties.
• Upgraded transmission substation in Rockland County to accommodate new transmission line to be built in 2012 and improve reliability between Rockland and Orange counties.
• Introduced sophisticated smart-grid technology, systems, and equipment to improve system reliability and efficiency by monitoring, identifying, controlling, and resolving trouble conditions in real time.
• Installed 13,000 feet of pipe and reinforced gas system to improve reliability in Middletown and Wallkill, NY.
(Upper left) Applications for solar installations doubled last year.
(Left) Volunteers Jorge Tua, chief construction inspector, and Marissa Passantino, operating supervisor, coat a YMCA roof for NYC CoolRoofs. (Top) Carlos Acevedo, mechanic, performs maintenance work on the gas system. (Bottom) Distribution Splicer Stephen Ferranti works on
the electric system.
 CON EDISON ANNUAL REPORT 5

 COMPETITIVE ENERGY BUSINESSES
Con Edison Solutions
• Expanded the mass-market customer base by 30 percent over year-end 2010.
• Announced a 10-megawatt solar program for the City of New Bedford, MA, the state’s largest municipal solar initiative, and built the first five projects.
• Completed financing and began project implementation for a $20-million district cooling expansion for Miami-Dade County, FL, expanding system capacity and improving energy efficiency.
• Worked with Viridity Energy to develop
a new product offering for demand response and energy optimization for large electricity users.
Con Edison Energy and Con Edison Development
• Invested $138 million in solar projects.
• Built and brought online six solar projects with a total of 28 megawatts in New Jersey and Massachusetts.
• Continued development of 20 megawatts of solar projects in Massachusetts and Pennsylvania scheduled to come online in 2012.
• Completed a full year of operation at first gas-storage facility.
ENERGYNY
SHRINKING THE CARBON FOOTPRINT
Our focus on environmental responsibility is the third and final component
of our EnergyNY plan. We are contributing to a sustainable future by implementing energy-efficiency projects and creating renewable-energy opportunities. More broadly, we are focused on meeting our obligation to be greener in all that we do, as a business and as a responsible member of
our community.
Customers are looking for ways to integrate renewable-energy sources into their everyday lives. The number of requests for solar installations, whether on a home in Westchester or a medical facility in Staten Island, increased by 50 percent in 2011. We work closely with our solar customers so our grid can absorb excess solar energy, and keep the lights on when the sun sets.
Con Edison Development continues to lead the way in renewable-energy generation. Six new solar projects with a total of 28 megawatts in New Jersey and Massachusetts went online in 2011. With more than 75,000 panels, Con Edison Development’s new Pilesgrove solar farm is producing enough energy to power more than 5,000 homes in the Middle Atlantic region. About 20 megawatts of additional solar projects will go into service in 2012.
Con Edison Solutions’ sustainable services include energy-efficiency projects and solar installations. Solutions’ $20-million chilling and efficiency project in Miami, Florida, will cool downtown office buildings, government centers, courthouses, and the Miami Heat arena. Local authorities are praising the project, which is expected to reduce greenhouse-gas emissions by more than 300 tons, save taxpayer money, and provide for sustainable future growth. Another Solutions project in Concord, New Hampshire, includes solar, thermal, and energy-efficiency projects that will help the city save on energy costs and reduce carbon emissions.
We are expanding our natural-gas service to make it easier for our customers to transition from more polluting fuel oils. Since 2010, the number of customers expressing interest in converting from oil to natural gas
has quadrupled.
Leveraging Columbia University’s commitment to convert 80 buildings to gas, Con Edison is providing the infrastructure that will benefit the entire
 6 CON EDISON ANNUAL REPORT

neighborhood of Morningside Heights. Our efforts support New York City’s Clean Heat campaign and the city’s goals of phasing out the dirtiest oils by 2030 and making New York’s air the cleanest of any big city in the nation.
We understand that we must lead by example, and are proud to report that we reduced our own carbon footprint in 2011 by another 12 percent, bringing our total reduction to more than 40 percent since 2005. To further reduce
our carbon emissions, we are adding natural-gas capability to two steam- generating stations. By bringing natural gas to these plants, we will reduce our use of fuel oil, eliminating more than 70,000 tons of greenhouse gases a year.
Marking another national distinction, the substation we recently opened in Queens was the first in the nation to be certified as meeting strict design, construction, and sustainability criteria. We take great pride in our substation earning the U.S. Green Building Council’s prestigious LEED designation.
Educating our customers about energy conservation is a mainstay of our communication efforts. In 2011, we asked our customers to share on camera their stories about the advantages of our energy-efficiency programs. We promoted the resulting video clips on our website, press releases, “Power of Green” Facebook page, and Twitter.
Our sustainability efforts include support of local programs in the communities we serve. We continued our support of New York City’s NYC CoolRoofs initiative, which applies a reflective coating on the roofs of buildings. The coating helps keep buildings cool in the summer, reducing energy costs and greenhouse gas emissions. In October, Con Edison volunteers helped the city reach the two-million-square-foot milestone, after coating a YMCA rooftop in Flushing, Queens.
Through our corporate giving and employee-volunteer efforts, we help community organizations across our service area invest in programs
that benefit the environment. We support groups that celebrate nature, such as the Greenbelt Conservancy on Staten Island, and the Teatown Lake Reservation in the Hudson Hills. In Rockland County, we sponsored Tappan Zee High School’s entry in the Solar Car Challenge race.
Because of our unyielding commitment to sustainability, Newsweek magazine recognized us as the greenest utility in the nation. We are honored to be the top utility in the S&P 500 for carbon disclosure and to maintain our prestigious position on the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for North America. We also rank in the top 20 of Corporate Responsibility magazine’s Best 100
Corporate Citizens.
(Left) Operating Supervisor Heena Patel and Maintenance Supervisor Lauren Fox work on the steam system. (Top) Mechanic Karlos Diaz and Manager Gina Callender conduct substation job briefing. (Bottom) O&R Line Technician Jon Reiser restores service after October snowstorm.
  CON EDISON ANNUAL REPORT 7

THE POWER OF GIVING
Fresh Air Fund
We sponsor the Fresh Air Fund’s Career Awareness Program, a comprehensive leadership-development and mentoring program for middle- and high-school students from disadvantaged communities. More
than 300 students a year benefit from career exploration, weekend retreats, one-on-one tutoring, and job shadowing. We also host students to teach them about careers
at Con Edison.
Queens Theatre
Con Edison supports Queens Theatre’s diverse programming at this premier performing arts venue in Queens. To foster greater cultural awareness and appreciation, the theatre presents and produces programs featuring international, national, and
local artists.
Brooklyn Botanic Garden
Con Edison supports the Brooklyn Botanic Garden’s summer and fall programs, including the renowned cherry blossom festival. We also support the annual gala, corporate membership program, and rain garden capital campaign. When completed, a new rain garden will carry the Con Edison name.
Teatown Lake Reservation
Teatown Lake Reservation, with nearly 900 acres of nature, is sustaining wildlife, plants, and habitats for future generations.
We sponsor the Teatown Trails Green Stewardship Program and annual Night in the Woods Benefit, which help more than 10,000 hikers and 14,000 school children, adults, and families connect with nature each year.
Orchestra of St. Luke’s
We are a founding sponsor of the Orchestra of St. Luke’s 20-year-old Arts Education Program for New York City’s most underserved public school students. More than 15,000 students annually benefit from the orchestra’s free performances, in-school partnerships, and music coaching.
ENERGYNY
WHEN TOMORROW COMES
In 2011, our successes in reducing energy use, investing wisely in our systems, and protecting the environment continued to pay off for our customers, our shareholders, and our employees.
Last year’s severe weather was epic. Enduring heavy snow, frigid cold, sweltering heat, whipping wind, and flooding rain, the dedicated and determined men and women of Con Edison climbed up poles and down manholes, day and night, to keep the energy flowing. Despite 2011’s challenging weather conditions, the company had the safest year on record due to our unwavering attention to safety.
By strategically investing in new technologies, our existing systems, energy- efficiency programs, and employee training, we are able to accomplish our mission – to deliver energy safely, reliably, and sustainably to more than nine million residents.
We are proud that we have been able to fulfill our obligation to our customers while also delivering value to our shareholders. In January 2012, we raised our annual dividend to $2.42 a share, marking the 38th year in a row of an increase. We still hold the exclusive position of being the only utility in the S&P 500 with 30 or more consecutive years of dividend increases.
Our EnergyNY strategy keeps us solid and strong, positioning us to deliver consistent value to our customers and our investors. We look ahead to continue to serve all those who count on us. Thank you for your support.
Kevin Burke,
Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer
   Instructor John Eggolt teaches Bria Montaque and other Fresh Air Fund students how to use tools safely.
8 CON EDISON ANNUAL REPORT
