To Our Shareholders:
 KEVIN BURKE
Chairman, President,
and Chief Executive Officer
Our company prides itself on providing world-class service and a solid bottom line
in the face of challenges, both foreseen and unforeseen. In 2012, Superstorm Sandy tested our region, our people, and our systems.
Sandy wreaked unprecedented regional destruction and personal hardship. More than 1.4 million homes and businesses in our area lost power, including those affected by the nor’easter that struck days later. Sandy caused more than four times as many customer outages as Hurricane Irene, previously the worst storm in company history.
With Sandy, we had prepared for a hurricane, but instead, we encountered a superstorm of epic proportion with a more than 800-mile diameter that knocked out power to 8.5 million people across 21 states. The storm made history. Sandy caused widespread hospital evacuations, a prolonged suspension of subways and trains, and the shutdown of major airports. The New York Stock Exchange closed for two days and schools shuttered their doors for a week or more. A gasoline shortage left people waiting in line for hours in the hopes of securing a few gallons of fuel. In the hardest-hit communities, the storm surge swept houses off their foundations, and in some cases washed homes down their streets.
Sandy affected our entire service territory, from Staten Island’s Tottenville to Pennsylvania’s Milford. Powerful gusts up to 90 miles an hour brought down trees and power lines, and a never-before-seen 14-foot storm tide breached shorelines and flood-protection measures, inundating facilities and underground equipment. As a result, one third of our electric and steam customers lost service.
Our men and women, many personally affected by the storm, answered the call to duty
with resolve, working alongside other first responders charged with bringing back our region. With help from utility workers from as far away as Canada, Florida, and California, we quickly began getting the lights back. Nine days after Sandy struck, the nor’easter hindered our efforts. But we harnessed every resource and worked around the clock to safely restore power.
The immediate toll Sandy took on our region, both emotionally and financially, was staggering. But Sandy’s longer-term effects are still being defined. To prepare for increasingly destructive storms, utilities, government agencies, building owners, hospitals, and transportation officials will need to work in concert to enhance and protect the region’s infrastructure.
A dialogue about how we move forward started as soon as the storm ended. Regional leaders are discussing a range of proposals, from building natural barriers, such as dunes and wetlands, to the use of flood gates, barriers, and artificial islands in New York Harbor. Among the considerations are finding strategic approaches to fuel reserves and the use of drones to assess storm damage. We must work in unison with all stakeholders to
find solutions for both the short and long term.
CON EdIsON ANNUAl REPORt 1

  2 CON EdIsON ANNUAl REPORt
We cannot just rebuild. We must build smarter, stronger, and more sustainably.
Two major storms – Sandy and Irene – in as many years, and more frequent nor’easters, tornados, and heat waves, suggest these weather events are not flukes. Last year,
we also experienced the warmest year in the nation’s history. We will collaborate
with all levels of government, environmental organizations, climate scientists,
and urban planners to help protect our region from changing weather patterns.
While Sandy was a redefining event, the storm was not the entire story of 2012.
The year was also notable because our local economy, which helps fuel our business, showed encouraging signs of resiliency. New York’s metropolitan area continues to attract business, especially in information and professional services. The Economist ranked New York as the most competitive city in the world in 2012. Nearly half the office space under construction in the nation is in New York City.
At 104 floors, One World Trade Center is now the city’s tallest building. The project is symbolic of Lower Manhattan’s decade-long renaissance. In December, ground was broken on the 26-acre, $15 billion Hudson Yards development on Manhattan’s West Side. The “mini-city” will eventually comprise more than a dozen buildings for office, residential, and retail space. Brooklyn’s Barclays Center is the new home of the Brooklyn Nets and the New York Islanders.
New York City is a major draw for tourists as well as business travelers. A record- breaking 52 million people flocked to the Big Apple last year to see a show, conduct business, and stroll through our abundant parks and gardens. Tourism stands as the city’s fifth largest industry.
Last year, New York City gained nearly 80,000 jobs. The first group of Cornell University students to attend a new science and engineering campus in New York City started classes in Chelsea, while a new campus on Roosevelt Island is being constructed.
In downtown Brooklyn, a new NYU/Polytech applied sciences center will open.
The institutions will help cultivate an elite new talent pool for New York’s technology sector and help translate good ideas into businesses that create jobs and better lives.
Projections for our business in the near term are modest, yet promising. For our electric-delivery business, we forecast growth in peak demand of roughly one percent annually over the next five years. Low natural gas prices and changes in New York City regulations are encouraging building owners to convert heating systems from oil to gas. As a result, we expect the peak demand for our gas business to grow by 20 percent over the next five years.
Our consistent performance is attributable to our focus on energy efficiency, infrastructure investments, and a commitment to sustaining our communities.
(Upper left) Distribution Splicer Lennon Bhanoesingh and General Utility Worker Yolonda Oliver help keep our electric systems safe and reliable. (Left) Customer Field Representatives
Tayna Fernandez and Danny E. Kaw test meters.

 More Efficient Lifestyles
Our energy-efficiency programs help customers use less energy without changing their lifestyles. Since our latest programs began, nearly 190,000 tons of carbon emissions have been kept from the atmosphere. More than 150,000 customers have taken advantage of $118 million in incentives for upgrading energy equipment to more efficient models.
Whether you live in a single-family house in Brooklyn, own a convenience store in Rockland County, or operate a factory in Queens, our diverse programs offer something for everyone. Saving energy does us all good. Our customers can reduce their utility bills, we can continue to defer capital costs, and we all minimize our impact on the environment.
When managers at the 85-room Holiday Inn at LaGuardia Airport needed to rein in operating costs, they looked to Con Edison to develop an energy-management plan that could save money without substantial investment. Con Edison developed the plan and shared the costs. The Holiday Inn now has new motion sensors and temperature controls in every guest room that automatically adjust based on occupancy. The hotel expects to save more than $13,000 a year in energy costs.
The elite Regis High School replaced its lighting with a variety of LED bulbs and should realize over $44,000 a year in savings. On the Upper West Side, a children’s clothing boutique upgraded its lighting and cut energy costs by more than half. Con Edison picked up 70 percent of the cost. Farther north, an Italian restaurant in Rockland County lowered overhead costs after modernizing its lighting and refrigeration.
By taking advantage of our gas-efficiency program, the Town of Mamaroneck Housing Authority netted a $23,000 rebate for installing nine energy-efficient boilers. The new boilers use 35 percent less energy and the savings are passed on to tenants.
And, in our newest program, New Yorkers with room air conditioners can remotely control their thermostats with a device known as the Modlet. The modern electric outlet also allows our engineers to remotely control the window units on the hottest days. With over six million room air conditioners in our service territory, we see great potential in the device.
From apartment Modlets to rebates for commercial customers, the savings from our energy-efficiency programs are adding up. We are able to defer costly investment in new infrastructure, and instead focus on storm-ready projects and maintaining existing systems.
 (Upper left) A children’s clothing boutique on the Upper West Side upgraded its lighting and cut energy costs by more than half. (Left) Our energy efficiency programs help keep places like Central Park cleaner and healthier.
CON EdIsON ANNUAl REPORt 3

 Fortifying the Future
Protecting our systems from extreme weather has long been part of our investment plan. From work as basic as trimming trees around power lines to investments in sophisticated smart-grid technologies, the measures give our energy systems greater flexibility and reliability. State-of-the-art monitoring sensors and switches help system operators respond to and isolate problems during extreme weather.
In this post-Sandy era, we will continue to invest in systems that are designed to withstand increasingly severe weather. We have proposed $1 billion for measures to fortify and protect our systems. We plan to install stronger flood barriers and more submersible equipment, raise critical equipment, and strategically bury overhead power lines. We
will install additional switches and related smart-grid technologies to improve the flexibility of our system. With every action we take, we recognize we must balance infrastructure needs with customer costs.
Our long-range investment plan remains focused on keeping our systems reliable and safe for our customers. The core of our capital spending – more than $2 billion annually – continues to go toward replacing and upgrading the equipment of our extensive electric, gas, and steam networks. Last year, we installed almost 1,900 miles of new electrical cable, including 175 miles of wire damaged by Sandy. We replaced nearly 80 miles of gas pipe. We also opened a new substation in Rockland County in 2012, to meet growing demand
for energy in West Nyack and surrounding communities.
We expect gas conversions will become a much more significant part of our business, as more New Yorkers face the city’s deadline for phasing out the most polluting fuel oils. Combined with low natural- gas prices, the rules have made a compelling case for city buildings to convert from oil to gas. Compared to 2011, last year brought a 175 percent increase in large buildings in New York City that switched heating systems from fuel oil to natural gas. Anticipating more growth, we plan to invest more than $1.3 billion in our gas infrastructure over the next three years.
We are taking a leadership role in the solar energy industry. We are now the fifth largest solar power producer in the nation. Last year
our competitive energy businesses invested $465 million in renewable- energy infrastructure projects as we entered the solar market in California, our first stake in the West Coast. We acquired four solar projects in the Golden State with the ability to produce 110 megawatts of generation. We will continue to expand our renewable portfolio
by establishing more solar farms in the coming years.
 4 CON EdIsON ANNUAl REPORt

 2012 Highlights
Con Edison of New York Electric Operations
• Invested nearly $1 billion to upgrade and reinforce systems.
• Won PA Consulting Group’s Outstanding System-wide
Reliability Award and Northeast Region Reliability Award.
• Restored 70 percent of overhead system and service to 15
underground networks in the aftermath of Superstorm Sandy,
which caused 1.1 million customers to lose power.
• Helped customers realize energy savings of almost
75,000 megawatt-hours and 94,000 dekatherms.
Con Edison of New York Gas Operations
• Invested about $386 million to strengthen and expand infrastructure.
• Added 500 customers who converted from oil to gas.
• Installed nine gas regulator stations and 22,000 feet of gas main
to strengthen our distribution system and allow for additional
gas conversions.
• Installed more than 1,700 new services and replaced 54 miles of main.
• Set highest daily delivery record of more than 1.44 million dekatherms
on January 15, 2012, and second-highest monthly delivery record of more than 35 million dekatherms in January 2012.
Con Edison of New York Steam Operations
• Invested $130 million to strengthen systems.
• Connected eight new customers, including One World Trade Center.
• Continued to enhance service reliability and safety with new water-level
detection devices.
• Completed the installation of new trap assemblies on the
distribution system.
• Adding gas firing capability to two steam-generating stations to
reduce greenhouse gases and lower customer bills.
Orange and Rockland Utilities
• Completed transmission project in Haverstraw to help meet peak summer demand.
• Energized new $16.7 million substation in West Nyack to improve reliability and encourage economic development.
• Completed three-year project to replace 330,000 feet
of gas main in New York to enhance safety and reliability.
• Installed a transmission capacitor bank at the Harriman, NY, substation to improve efficiency and reduce costs.
• Opened new call center in Blooming Grove, NY, relocated service center in Port Jervis, NY, and opened operations center in Milford, PA.
• Expanded fiber optic infrastructure between facilities and increased call center capacity by 300 percent.
• Introduced new touch screen handheld ITRON FC300 for improved meter reading access, data collection and analysis.
Con Edison Solutions
• Renewed New Jersey Food Council for 100 MW; signed Sears
in Texas and Maryland for 50 MW and Central New York Oil & Gas for 40 MW of electricity supply.
• Renewed the Vornado electricity supply contract for 85 MW, and added demand response and energy optimization.
• Completed the $20 million Miami-Dade County Cooling
Loop Interconnection Project Performance Contract.
• Recognized with the Green Business Award from Johnson
County, Kansas Board of County Commissioners for leadership in reducing waste and conserving natural resources.
Con Edison Development and Con Edison Energy
• Invested $475 million in solar projects.
• Completed eight solar projects in 2012, totaling 119 MW. • Ranked fifth largest solar producer in North America.
(Upper left) Steam Operations’ Manuel D. Goncalves, Iqbal Mahamud, and Rondy A. Braxton help maintain our steam system. (Left) Line Technician William L. White wires a new utility pole. (Right) Our men and women, many personally affected by Sandy, brought compassion and a strong work ethic to the devastated coastal communities of Staten Island, Brooklyn, and Queens.
CON EdIsON ANNUAl REPORt 5

 Sustaining Communities and Engaging Customers
We remain focused on sustainable business practices. As environmental stewards, we have reduced our carbon footprint by half in the last decade.
We are also giving our customers resources to reduce their own carbon footprints. Con Edison Solutions integrates renewable energy along with energy-efficiency offerings that make businesses and communities greener. Falmouth, Massachusetts, is now home to one of the most energy-efficient ice hockey arenas in New England. The rink boasts 3,300 rooftop and carport solar panels that are owned and operated by Solutions. In Florida, the City of Hialeah’s municipal headquarters is saving big with new LED lighting, thanks to an energy-performance contract with Solutions.
Recently, we have seen a surge of interest in solar power. In 2012, the solar capacity in our systems grew when nearly 400 new solar installations were connected to our grid in New York City and Westchester. In Rockland, Orange, and Bergen counties, solar installations doubled over 2011.
Engaging with and educating customers about energy savings, safety, and
storm preparation are mainstays of our business. We plan to launch more mobile communications this year, offering customers the option to receive service-related text messages.
We continue to expand our social media presence to give our customers the information they need, however they choose to receive it. Our use of social networks proved pivotal in communicating with customers during and after Sandy. Our Twitter following nearly tripled during the storm. We produced videos of our crews in action, netting more than 100,000 views on YouTube and our websites. Customers received not only safety tips, but also real-time information about service restoration. In turn, news outlets, elected officials, and customers retweeted restoration news.
Our men and women did not forget about the lives disrupted when our Sandy restoration work was complete. In the weeks following the storm, our employees stepped up to volunteer to help those in need. Hundreds of our own people laced
up their boots and brought their compassion to some of the hardest-hit communities, helping fellow New Yorkers at six company-sponsored events.
Through our corporate giving and volunteer efforts, we help local community organizations that focus on the environment, arts and culture, civics, and community, as well as education in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics.
(Upper left) Mechanic A Alexander Hernandez works on our extensive electric cable system. (Left) Mechanic A Kenneth E. Gilleo III and Outside Plant Mechanic George B. Shute
at work on the gas system. (Right) Youngsters learn about marine ecology of the
East River at the World Science Festival, sponsored in part by Con Edison.
 6 CON EdIsON ANNUAl REPORt

To help groom the engineers of tomorrow, we support the FIRST robotics competition, which pairs high school students with our engineers and scientists. Today, the teens are crafting robots, but tomorrow they may be designing energy systems that protect our region from environmental challenges. We also support education through organizations such as the New York Transit Museum and the World Science Festival.
Affirmation of our accomplishments is a sign that we continue to move in the right direction. Newsweek magazine once again hailed us as one of the greenest utilities in the nation in 2012. For the sixth consecutive year, Con Edison earned recognition from the international Carbon Disclosure Project for our transparency in carbon emissions data and sharing climate-change information. Last year, we were also honored by an industry observer, PA Consulting Group, with a reliability citation. Black Enterprise magazine named us one of
the 40 best companies for diversity in senior leadership, employees, and suppliers. Finally, our two utilities were selected as winners of the Edison Electric Institute 2012 Emergency Recovery Award, for restoring power after Sandy.
 CON EdIsON ANNUAl REPORt 7

 The Power of Giving
Wave Hill
Wave Hill, a 28-acre public garden and cultural center in the Bronx, celebrates the artistry and legacy of the garden’s landscapes and explores human connections to the natural world through horticulture, education, and the arts.
We support Wave Hill’s school programs, bringing environmental education to Bronx schools with few or no science enrichment programs.
Snug Harbor Cultural Center
and Botanical Garden
snug Harbor is a visual and performing arts center on 83 acres of parklands in staten Island. the organization recently returned to its agricultural roots, when we helped start Heritage Farm. snug Harbor educates youth and adults through hands-on gardening, and encourages community involvement through more programs that value the environment and healthy lifestyles.
Bronx River Alliance
the Bronx River Alliance protects, improves, and restores the river so the waterway can be a recreational, educational, and economic resource for neighboring communities.
the Alliance has expanded its volunteer program over the past year, thanks in part
to our funding which helps train guides for forest walks, history tours, and other activities.
The World Science Festival
the World science Festival brings together great minds in science, business, government, and the arts. Con Edison supports the organization’s signature event, a three-day outdoor festival throughout the city. Among the highlights from last year’s festival were
a marine life exhibit and a robot petting zoo.
Heroes and Cool Kids
In Bergen County, we support Heroes and Cool Kids, empowering children to speak
up for themselves and others about bullying. Current and former professional athletes train high schoolers to mentor fifth- and sixth-graders. students get lessons in sportsmanship, conflict resolution, and avoiding tobacco use.
Moving Forward
Returning our region back to some sense of normalcy after Sandy was an immense job. I take great pride in our men and women, whose tireless work under difficult, and sometimes emotional circumstances, was nothing short of inspiring.
The resiliency, spirit, and dedication of our employees demonstrate the best of
Con Edison. Despite all we endured, the company had its safest year on record.
As we move forward, we will continue to work with business leaders, engineers, elected officials, and other stakeholders in evaluating a broad array of possibilities to protect the public and our systems from future natural disasters. We will refine our contingency response plans for future emergencies, while continuing to invest wisely in our energy delivery systems.
In 2013, we increased your annual dividend to $2.46, a 4-cent increase per share. An increasing dividend reflects our pledge to a fair and equitable return to investors. Our record is undeniable. For 39 consecutive years, we’ve increased your dividend. We are proud to be the only utility in the S&P 500 to raise dividends for 25 or more consecutive years.
Continuous improvement guides us every day, in everything we do. We remain focused on our mission to deliver energy safely and reliably as we power the lives of the nearly 10 million people in our region. Thank you for your confidence and support.
Kevin Burke,
Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer
  8 CON EdIsON ANNUAl REPORt
(Left) Gas Fitter Todd M. Miraglio repairs the gas system in Rockland County.
