                                        03
 To Our Shareholders
Investing for Growth,
Focusing on Core Business
2003 was a year of both challenge and accomplishment. We are proud of our achievements in continuing to provide service to customers at the highest levels of reliability. Although earnings declined somewhat, we maintained our strong balance sheet and solid credit ratings.
While many indicators point to an improving economy in 2004, it will be some time before New York recovers fully from the recent slowdown. Nevertheless, we must put in place the infrastructure necessary to support tomorrow’s economic growth and to enhance our customers’ quality of life.
As we do so, we will maintain our focus on operating excellence and
long-range strategy. We will sustain the strong financial position that will enable us to make new capital investments. Preparing for the region’s future energy needs will increase our costs. But our program of capital investment in the energy infrastructure will serve to maintain service reliability, build our equity base, and provide a source of future earnings growth.
Reliability Is Our Focus
We’re proud to serve an area that includes the world’s greatest city, where a reliable supply of energy is especially important. Like New York’s bridges, tunnels, subways, express- ways, telecommunications systems, and airports, Con Edison’s facilities are a key component of the region’s overall economic infrastructure. There is a deep and enduring link
between the strength of our infrastruc- ture and the prospects of our service area — between our own financial and operational health and that of the communities we serve. A robust economy generates greater demand for electricity and power, which boosts our business. But a healthy economy can’t function and thrive without reliable and safe electric service — day in and day out.
Today, everyone uses increasing amounts of energy to operate our businesses, power our computers, run our appliances, and heat and cool our homes. In New York, people also depend on electricity, every day, to move — vertically, in high-rise office and apartment towers, and horizontally, on the subway. And thanks to the energy and skills of our 14,000
 Front Cover, Left: The computers and other devices so integral to today’s quality of life require a reliable supply of energy. Center Top: Con Edison serves 3.1 million electric customers,
1.1 million gas customers, and 1,825 steam customers. Center Bottom: Anthony J. Rendino, mechanic B. Right: In 2003, with the help of its employees, Con Edison was again recognized as the most reliable utility in North America. Solano Santiago, mechanic B, assists with trenching for new ductwork. Page 1, Left: Every hour of every day, the metropolitan New York City area relies on the power Con Edison provides. Right: Eugene R. McGrath, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer.
     Con Edison Annual Report 2003 1
  
     2 Con Edison Annual Report 2003
                                        employees, Con Edison delivered in 2003. For the second straight year, PA Consulting named Con Edison Company of New York, which serves New York City and Westchester County, the most reliable electric utility in North America.
Our two regulated businesses, Consolidated Edison of New York and Orange and Rockland Utilities (O&R), deliver energy to approximately 3.4 million electric customers, and serve more than 1.1 million gas customers and 1,800 steam customers.
We invested $1.2 billion in our regulated businesses in 2003,
of which more than $700 million was aimed at improving electric transmission and delivery networks and maintaining our industry-leading reliability. These investments yielded many tangible results: upgrades to existing substations, the construc- tion of new substations, and the installation of transmission facilities to handle energy from new power sources. In November, we installed three electrical transformers at
the new World Trade Center substation, a demonstration of our commitment to rebuild the two
substations destroyed there on September 11, 2001.
Our regulated capital program for
2004 includes a number of significant projects. For the first time in more
than three decades, we have three major substations under construction simultaneously, with all three schedul- ed to begin service in the same year. At the same time, we’re completing the installation of new steam/electric generating units as part of the
East River Repowering Project.
Our capital needs reflect the vibrancy of our service area and the underlying strength of the local economy.
Financial Results
Net income for common stock in
2003 was $528 million, or $2.39 per share. As shown on the Financial Highlights page of this report, earnings from ongoing operations in 2003 were $624 million, or $2.83 per share — 31 cents per share lower than in 2002.
Reflecting our continued confidence in the company’s long-term financial and operating strength, we increased our dividend in January 2004 for
the 30th consecutive year, to an annualized $2.26 per share.
A number of factors contributed to
the lower earnings in 2003 — lingering softness in the local economy,
cool summer weather, rising health insurance and pension costs, and weak energy and telecom markets. We offset some of the higher costs through productivity improvements. But we were not willing to take short- term measures that, while perhaps enhancing our bottom line in 2003, could have had a negative effect on our operating strength and flexibility.
In recent years, as our industry restructured, we have made limited investments in several unregulated businesses in areas that are closely related to our core expertise —
Con Edison Development, Con Edison Energy, Con Edison Solutions, and Con Edison Communications. As a result of adverse conditions in the telecom and energy markets, we recognized after-tax impairment charges in 2003 of $84 million on our telecom investment and $10 million on certain of our energy investments.
We continue to have confidence in
the long-term potential of the markets served by our unregulated businesses.
    
                                         In the fourth quarter of 2003, we filed rate requests for Con Edison of
New York’s gas and steam businesses. We expect to submit an electric rate request in the spring of 2004.
We are communicating and working with all stakeholders to arrive at positive outcomes to these rate proceedings. New rate plans for gas and steam will likely be implemented in the fourth quarter of 2004, while the electric rate case will not affect earnings until 2005.
Our “A” level credit ratings have enabled us to take advantage of the current low interest rate environment while raising the funds necessary
for our large capital program. To help maintain our capital structure, we issued a total of $477 million of new common stock in 2003, through a stock issue in the spring and our ongoing dividend reinvestment and employee stock plans. At year-end, Con Edison’s equity ratio was a solid 48 percent, making our balance sheet one of the strongest in the industry.
Con Edison common stock price at year-end was $43.01, an increase of 0.4 percent for the year. Total 2003 return for our shareholders, including reinvestment of dividends, was 6.1 percent. Although the average total return for shareholders of the electric industry and the equity markets in general was higher in 2003, those increases reflected to a great extent recovery in the stock prices of com- panies that suffered major losses in
the previous two years. Over the three-year period 2001 through 2003, Con Edison shareholders’ total return was 31.7 percent, while the S&P Electric Utilities Index returned a neg- ative 12.3 percent and the S&P 500 Index returned a negative 11.7 percent.
Looking Ahead
Our strategy for the future is straight- forward. We continue to focus
on the basics of our core business while preparing for the future.
In recent years, we’ve experienced events and trends that were beyond our control, ranging from terrorist attacks to weather extremes to unex-
pected developments in the economy. We deal with such challenges by focusing on the aspects of the bus- iness we can control while maintaining the resources and capabilities to respond to unforeseen developments. And we work closely with all stake- holders — customers, regulators, community leaders, and elected officials — to encourage the develop- ment of policies and practices that will lead to a stronger energy infra- structure for New York, the region, and the nation.
Our strategic concentration on several key areas will enable us to build a brighter future — for Con Edison, and for the region we serve.
First, we will continue to invest for growth. Many indicators point to an improving economy in our service area. In 2003, for example, the number of permits for new housing units in the city rose to the highest level in 30 years. New residents are buying more appliances, home entertainment centers, computers, and other devices that run on electricity than ever before.
Page 2, Left: In 2003, Orange & Rockland invested more than $46 million in its electric transmission and distribution systems. Center: In the home and workplace, customers are using more and more electronic devices. Right: A number of newly completed, large residential and commercial buildings are increasing the demand for energy. Page 3, Left: Many new commercial building projects are underway in the region Con Edison serves. Center: Today, everyone uses increasing amounts of energy. Right: Through investments in infrastructure, Con Edison is meeting the increasing demand for energy.
      Con Edison Annual Report 2003 3
   
                                        The commercial sector has begun to turn around as well. And in the past several months, New York City has seen an upsurge in tourism.
In addition to our major capital pro- grams, we will continue our advanced research and development programs. Over the years, we’ve created tools and processes that enable us to work more effectively and efficiently. We have also developed sophisticated analytic techniques that help us manage the system more safely and that permit us to get the most value out of every dollar we invest.
Second, we will continue to manage the company’s finances in a disciplined manner, focusing on the long term. Our straightforward financial state- ments and disclosures help us maintain the confidence of investors and the financial markets. Our strong financial track record is critical to our ability to access the capital markets
on favorable terms — something that’s particularly important in light of our investment needs.
Third, we will continue to invest in our most important resource: our people. Our ability to deliver the energy that makes the region strong depends on
the outstanding efforts and dedication of our team. The commitment and pro- fessionalism of Con Edison’s employ- ees was most evident during the regional power outage of August 14. Working in coordination with utility industry counterparts and state and local government agencies, we restored service safely — without injury to the public or to company personnel, and without significant damage to equipment.
A decade ago we made an important investment in the future when we built The Learning Center. The innovative and comprehensive programs offered there enable our men and women to continually upgrade their skills in an era of rapidly changing technology, and to enhance their ability to plan and manage for the future.
Fourth, we will communicate the importance of investment in infrastruc- ture to the general public, the media and government officials. The August power outage again drove home the fact that a strong energy infrastructure is vital to the overall fabric of our lives. We have been working with local, state, and federal government officials to improve the nation’s energy security. We have shared with industry counter-
parts and government officials our insights and experience on crucial issues, including the benefits of industry planning and improved communications across regions, the advantages of siting new generating plants near load centers, and the critical need for mandatory reliability standards. We are actively working with all stakeholders to encourage new power generating facilities in our region, and to make sure that our transmission system can accommodate the power when it becomes available.
Finally, we are working with regulators and others to ensure that we will have the financial strength and flexibility necessary to continue our investment program. In October 2003, the New York State Public Service Commission approved new three-year agreements with Orange and Rockland Utilities that provide customers with predictable gas and electric delivery rates, and provide the company with the ability
to earn a fair return for shareholders.
Con Edison of New York’s 2003 gas and steam rate filings and the anticipated electric rate filing in the spring of 2004 support rate levels that will enable us to continue our
       4 Con Edison Annual Report 2003
   
                                        infrastructure investment programs while maintaining strong financial performance.
Preparing for Tomorrow Today
We operate our business for the long term. That means we do not — and will not — sacrifice our financial health, or jeopardize the reliable delivery of energy on which our customers so depend, for the sake of short-term gains.
Over the decades, Con Edison has established a record of financial health and stability, and of reliable service. We have worked hard to earn and retain the trust and respect of customers, shareholders, and all our stakeholders. Today we’re building, maintaining, and improving an energy system that affirms our commitment to the region’s future — and to our customers’ present needs. We are planning for tomorrow today.
As we do so, I know that we can draw upon deep and significant resources. These include the commitment and skills of our
employees; the wise counsel of our board of directors; the constructive relationships we have with regulators, public officials, and community leaders; and the strong long-term support
of you, our investors. Together,
we can look forward to the coming years with confidence.
Eugene R. McGrath
Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer
  Page 4, Left: Henry Brown, operating general supervisor, at the Brooklyn/Queens Electric Operations Control Center. Center: In 2003, the number of permits for new housing units in New York City rose to the highest level in 30 years. Right: It is now easier than ever for customers to communicate with Con Edison. Page 5, Left: (Left to right) Customer service representatives Keelia L. Williamson, Robert J. Walsh, Khalid H. Barrett, and Sheane M. Tyson. Right: (Left to right) Tom Obert, mechanic B, Ron Belpanno, mechanic B, and Keith McGovern, mechanic B, work on the new West 30th Street substation.
   Con Edison Annual Report 2003 5
    