 265574_DG3_COV_NARR.indd 3
3/14/14 10:06 PM
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Innovation, dedication, and a steadfast commitment to customer needs drive everything we do. We serve the world’s greatest region, from the financial markets of Wall Street, to family-owned restaurants in Queens, to homeowners in Rockland County. Our customers expect and deserve quality service, and so Con Edison spent 2013 investing in essential storm hardening, clean energy supplies, and advanced “smart” energy systems. We are proud that the reliability of our service is unmatched, our focus on safety does not waver, and our company continues to thrive.
Our business is sustained by a vibrant local economy that continues to gain momentum. The metropolitan region attracts businesses in increasingly diverse sectors, including technology, education, health, and leisure and hospitality. New projects are bolstering the region’s status as a science and engineering hub. In Murray Hill, the research and development campus of Alexandria Center for Life Science houses more than 35 pharmaceutical, life science, and biotech firms.
In Middletown, New York, Orange County Community College will open the new Center for Science and Engineering this summer.
One World Trade Center, the nation’s tallest building, is bringing new vitality to Lower Manhattan. As part of the Hudson Yards redevelopment, the 7 subway line will begin service to 34th Street and 11th Avenue this summer. The Bronx has become a magnet for food businesses: Fairway Market and FreshDirect are building facilities in the borough and generating thousands of jobs. Farther north, Bloomberg LP has made Rockland County its new home for a major data center.
Once again, tourism in the Big Apple had a record-breaking year. More than 54 million visitors took in Broadway shows, filled hotel rooms, and dined at restaurants. Tourism now stands as the city’s fifth-largest and fastest-growing industry.
New York City remains a place people want to call home. More than 80 percent of the state’s population increase came from people moving to the city last year. Residential construction is on the rise in Downtown Brooklyn and East Harlem, with new retail, condominium, and apartment rental projects under way. Across our service territory, permits for residential construction increased 50 percent from October 2012 to October 2013.
Our company continues to prosper. We expect peak demand for our gas business to grow about 3.3 percent annually over the next five years, as customers continue to convert from oil to natural gas. While energy-efficiency measures lower electric use, the decrease is offset by new businesses and households coming on line. The company will see an increase in peak electric use of approximately 1.3 percent a year through 2018.
Our ability to meet challenges, plan for the future, and remain profitable can be attributed to our three-part business strategy: We give customers opportunities to use energy in the most efficient way possible. We invest prudently and strategically in our systems to give customers the high-quality service they expect and deserve. We act as responsible neighbors, helping our communities become more sustainable. These actions keep us on the path to becoming a stronger, more customer-focused company.
CON EDISON ANNUAL REPORT 2013 3

 4 CON EDISON ANNUAL REPORT 2013
265574_DG3_COV_NARR.indd 4
3/14/14 10:06 PM
WE FOCUS ON GIVING CUSTOMERS WHAT THEY WANT AND NEED, FROM RENEWABLE ENERGY SUPPLIES TO HIGH-EFFICIENCY LIGHTING UPGRADES, WHILE BEING MINDFUL OF SAFETY AT EVERY TURN.
D FO
Cu ma ma cus ene and has out
Fro com effi com reb and coo
Le acr Ro of m stu the $37
2013 HI
CON EDI
ELECTR
Won PA Co System-wid Region Rel
Engineered installed sto energy sys
Helped cu almost 155, dekatherms
Set record megawatts day heat w
Primary fee the previou improveme

 ANT TO
ING
Customers get the flexibility they want to better manage energy use and costs with our energy- management offerings. To date, more than 200,000 customers have taken advantage of $150 million in energy-efficiency incentives to upgrade equipment and appliances to more efficient models. The work has also helped keep over 250,000 tons of carbon out of the atmosphere.
From single-family homes on Staten Island to commercial establishments in the Bronx, our energy- efficiency programs lower energy use without compromising comfort. We offer customers cash rebates and incentives for turning in old appliances and installing high-efficiency lighting, heating, and cooling systems.
Le Pain Quotidien, a bakery chain with storefronts across the city, is upgrading to LED lighting. The Rockland Center for the Arts is also saving because of more efficient lighting, as the center’s brighter studio classrooms attract more students. Just down the road, the Palisades Center Mall will save about $370,000 in its first year after switching to LED lights.
Residents in Westchester are staying warmer thanks to our work with the Yonkers Municipal Housing Authority. The Housing Authority will save $250,000 a year with incentives to seal windows and doors, add insulation, increase boiler efficiency, and replace steam traps.
Customers across the region save money and earn incentives by reducing power use when demand for electricity soars. Everyone can play a part, from homeowners with programmable thermostats to major energy-consuming institutions in Manhattan to industrial sites in the Bronx. Customer participation grew by
20 percent in the last four years. By encouraging customers to limit electric use on the hottest days, the company can maintain reliable service at lower costs, while improving air quality.
Our energy-management activities allow us to meet demand for energy without investing in new infrastructure. Yet we must continue investing in our existing equipment and fortifying our systems.
DYNAMIC ENERGY-MANAGEMENT TOOLS FOR CUSTOMERS
2013 HIGHLIGHTS
CON EDISON OF NEW YORK
ELECTRIC OPERATIONS
Won PA Consulting Group’s Outstanding System-wide Reliability Award and Northeast Region Reliability Award.
Engineered, designed, constructed, and installed storm-hardening measures to protect energy systems.
Helped customers realize energy savings of almost 155,000 megawatt-hours and 285,000 dekatherms through energy-efficiency programs.
Set record for peak demand of 13,322 megawatts on July 19, 2013 during a seven- day heat wave.
Primary feeders performed better than the previous 10 years, and a 5 percent improvement over 2012.
CON EDISON OF NEW YORK
GAS OPERATIONS
Invested over $500 million to strengthen and expand infrastructure.
Added 1,300 large New York City buildings that converted from oil to gas.
Installed more than 2,500 new services and replaced more than 50 miles of main.
Installed 14 multistage gas regulator stations and 77,000 feet of gas main to strengthen our distribution system and allow for gas conversions.
Set highest daily delivery record of more than 1.59 million dekatherms on December 17, 2013.
CON EDISON OF NEW YORK
STEAM OPERATIONS
Connected 12 new customers, including the tallest residential building in Manhattan.
Completed gas additions at two steam- generating stations, which will result in emissions reductions and will reduce steam customer bills by approximately 8 percent.
Improved storm-hardening measures with
a focus on protecting generating stations.
Completed installation of the East River Aquatic Life Preservation Project to significantly reduce the environmental impact on the East River’s aquatic life.
Continue to enhance reliability and safety with new water-level detection devices.
265574_DG3_COV_NARR.indd 5
3/14/14 10:06 PM

 OUR FORTIFYING THE FUTURE PLAN CALLS FOR $1 BILLION IN INVESTMENTS TO STRENGTHEN AND PROTECT OUR SYSTEMS FROM VIOLENT WEATHER.
6 CON EDISON ANNUAL REPORT 2013
IN
Co ma wa the tor we
Sin $66 sys we les res tec Inc and ope few
We and are infr clim pro
The nea upg som
2013 HI
ORANGE
Achieved a service reli
Successfu year, $35 m the energy severe wea
Achieved h of 96.4 per
Replaced 9 safety and to an all-tim
Introduced permit sys two days.
265574_DG3_COV_NARR.indd 6 3/14/14 10:06 PM

 INVESTING FOR OUR FUTURE
Con Edison serves the world’s most dynamic marketplace, filled with businesses and people who want to be wired 24/7. It’s our responsibility to meet their needs, even as nor’easters, hurricanes, blizzards, tornadoes, and other extreme weather strikes. So we must invest accordingly.
Since Superstorm Sandy, we have spent more than $660 million to restore, normalize, and fortify our systems. As part of our Fortifying the Future plan, we are continuing to invest in making our equipment less vulnerable to weather-related outages and restoring power faster after outages. More smart-grid technology is helping us operate more efficiently. Increased automation, remote control technology, and grid sensors allow us to closely monitor and operate our systems. That means customers will see fewer outages, smaller outages, and shorter outages.
We’ve already completed short-term improvements and begun longer-term projects. New flood protections are in place to safeguard our electric, gas, and steam infrastructure. Moving forward, we will use the latest climate science and continue to evaluate ways to protect our systems and the people we serve.
The storm-ready investments are in addition to the nearly $2 billion we spend annually to maintain and upgrade our electric, gas, and steam systems, some of the most complex in the world. Our invest-
2013 HIGHLIGHTS (CONTINUED)
ORANGE AND ROCKLAND UTILITIES
Achieved an all-time, best yet record of electric service reliability and safety.
Successfully completed the first of a three- year, $35 million construction program to make the energy-delivery system more resilient to severe weather.
Achieved highest-ever customer satisfaction rating of 96.4 percent on call center transactional survey.
Replaced 93,000 feet of gas main to enhance safety and reliability and reduced active gas leaks to an all-time low.
Introduced an electronic-automated road opening permit system that cuts a two-week procedure to two days.
ments are paying off with systems that are more resilient and reliable, as evidenced by our performance during last July’s seven-day heat wave.
We are upgrading and expanding our gas-delivery systems as customers look to switch to clean, natural gas. In 2013, we installed about 70 miles of gas main. Our gas business is growing as more New Yorkers embrace the financial benefits, reduced emissions, and lower cost of natural gas, as compared to oil-burning alternatives.
In 2013, we saw nearly 1,300 large oil-to-natural gas conversions in New York City, more than quadruple the number we saw just two years earlier. In Washington Heights, a 960-unit apartment complex is saving $1.5 million a year since converting to natural gas. Anticipating more growth, we are investing $1.7 billion in our gas infrastructure in the next three years. These natural gas conversions mean cleaner air for our region and the people we serve.
Finally, we’re making sure our customers have enough energy to meet the needs of the 21st Century. As part of the New York Energy Highway, we are investing $370 million in two projects to upgrade the electric-transmission grid. These projects will make additional power resources available to customers while controlling electric supply costs.
265574_DG3_COV_NARR.indd
7
3/14/14 10:06 PM
CON EDISON SOLUTIONS
Awarded three municipal aggregations for power supply in New Jersey of approximately 100 megawatts.
Completed a 0.5 megawatt DC solar installation at a wastewater plant for Kerman, California, and a 4.2 megawatts DC solar installation at a water treatment facility for New Bedford, Massachusetts.
Awarded a $56 million Energy Savings Performance Contract by the 99th Army Reserve Support Command to provide efficiency upgrades across 90 facilities in 11 states.
Signed demand response and energy optimization contracts, integrating the energy supply and demand portfolios, with The Rockefeller Group and the Intrepid Sea, Air & Space Museum.
CON EDISON DEVELOPMENT AND CON EDISON ENERGY
Completed eight solar projects in 2013, totaling 245 megawatts DC—bringing the total capacity of solar projects to 403 megawatts DC.
Ranked in the top five solar project owners in North America.
Completed the issuance of $219 million Senior Notes with BBB+ rated debt for California operating solar assets.

 8 CON EDISON ANNUAL REPORT 2013
265574_DG3_COV_NARR.indd 8
3/14/14 10:06 PM
WE PARTNER WITH ENVIRONMENTAL AND EDUCATION NONPROFIT ORGANIZATIONS, SUCH AS THE ROCKLAND FARM ALLIANCE, TO PROMOTE AWARENESS ABOUT SUSTAINABILITY AND HELP ENRICH THE QUALITY OF LIFE OF OUR COMMUNITIES.
O
Sus to a sou
Co sol coa larg The and or
Co acr Be sev tha nea Co tow Flo So effi fac the win The per Oh
So rise hel grid com arr mo sen
In Q sun on All has
As to m las

 OUR COMMUNITIES, OUR ENVIRONMENT
Sustainability and renewable energy are our calls to action. Our customers want more clean-energy sources and we are responding.
Con Edison Development is one of the top five solar owners in the nation, with solar arrays from coast to coast. In 2013, we added two of the country’s
by almost half. A 50-kilowatt solar-panel roof was recently installed at our corporate headquarters. To further our green efforts, we also completed our own oil-to-gas conversions. Our steam plants on East 74th and West 59th streets switched to natural gas, significantly lowering greenhouse gases and reducing fuel costs. The work is equivalent to removing the carbon emissions of 28,000 cars a year. The changes will save us $330 million over five years—savings that will be passed back to our customers.
Sustainability goes beyond being good environmental stewards. Part of our mission is to improve the quality of life in the communities we serve. Because our company and our society need young people who excel in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM), we partnered with the city and National Grid to develop Energy Tech High School. Students there can earn high school diplomas and associate degrees after studying a curriculum we helped to shape. We’re helping to green New York City schools by sponsoring Solar One’s Green Design Lab, where students use STEM skills to develop sustainability projects for their schools.
Con Edison has a long tradition of supporting the social, cultural, and economic vitality of the communities we serve. We contribute to hundreds of nonprofit groups that focus on education, the arts, the environment, civics, and community. Beyond cash grants, we give to our partners by volunteering with them, serving on their boards, and offering in-kind contributions. We host quarterly workshops for our partners to hear from industry experts and share best practices, on topics ranging from pro bono resources to social media. Our partners also connect with each other through our social networking site.
Social media is an increasingly important avenue for engaging our customers. Twitter, Flickr, and Facebook are now mainstays of our communications mix. We’ve upgraded our mobile apps to make them more convenient for customers to report outages and pay bills. Text messages with estimated restoration times satisfy tech-savvy customers’ hunger for real-time information.
ON largest solar projects to our renewable portfolio. LAND These plants, which are located near Phoenix
TOF and Las Vegas, will each supply 150 megawatts, or enough solar energy to power 56,000 homes.
265574_DG3_COV_NARR.indd 9
3/14/14 10:06 PM
Con Edison Solutions is also greening communities across the nation. In the fishing seaport of New Bedford, Massachusetts, Solutions has completed several solar installations. New Bedford estimates that the solar projects, once completed, will save nearly $20 million over the next 20 years. Similar Con Edison Solutions projects are benefitting towns and schools in California’s Central Valley. Florida’s Martin County is taking advantage of Solutions-introduced technology that improves efficiency of the county’s wastewater treatment facility, netting the county $8 million in savings over the next 15 years. And in January, Solutions added wind-generated power to our renewable portfolio. The wind power is expected to generate about 10 percent of a Honda plant’s electricity in western Ohio, and lower greenhouse gas emissions.
Solar installations in our service territory are on the rise, and Con Edison is working with customers to help them harness the power of the sun with smart- grid innovations. Last year, a restaurant supply company in the Bronx installed the largest solar array in New York City. When the panels produce more power than the building needs, the business sends the excess power into our grid.
In Queens, a beverage distributor also turned to the sun for power. The firm is saving $8,000 a month on electricity with a new white roof and solar panels. All told, in the last three years, solar power production has almost quadrupled across our service territory.
As a leader in green business practices, we continue to make improvements at our own facilities. In the last decade, we have reduced our carbon footprint

 THE POWER OF GIVING
New York City FIRST
FIRST (For Inspiration and Recognition of Science
and Technology) engages students in math and science with a range of activities including the FIRST Robotics Competition.The event helps students develop critical skills in a super-charged learning atmosphere. Our financial support, mentoring, and overall assistance go beyond the competition season.
Generation Citizen
Through Generation Citizen, students learn civics by doing civics. With our support, low- income students learn to lobby elected officials,write op-eds for school newspapers, and make documentaries to solve problems in their communities. We’ve served as judges during the student competitions.
Second Stage Theatre
Second Stage Theatre is a leading off-Broadway company that distributes free theater tickets to schools and commu- nity groups. Last year, Second Stage helped produce one
of our Power of Giving forums that addressed how to develop future audiences, donors, volunteers, and leaders.
Rockland Farm Alliance
The Rockland Farm Alliance teaches communities about sustainable farming. Our support will help the alliance double the number of acres the group can plant in its community farm in New City. The farm grows organic produce for people who’ve committed to buy local produce and area farmers’ markets. The alliance also hosts school and community programs.
Groundwork Hudson Valley’s Science Barge
Groundwork builds trails, plants trees, and more in economically challenged neighborhoods. We support the group’s Science Barge, docked in Yonkers and floating on the Hudson River, a prototype sustainable urban farm that grows fresh produce. The barge’s energy is generated by solar panels, wind turbines, and biofuels and serves students on site and in schools.
READYING FOR THE FUTURE
We are able to prepare for the future by embracing the ever-changing energy landscape. We are planning today for the next generation of the utility business, with more renewables, smarter energy-management tools, and micro-grids. Technology is evolving at lightning speed and we must adapt our business practices to meet these developments and position ourselves to offer our customers the services they want.
Powering the lives of the 10 million people in our region takes relentless effort. We are thankful to our women and men who have demonstrated remarkable commitment to serving our customers. In my three decades with the company, I have been tremendously fortunate to work alongside these knowledgeable, experienced, and dedicated individuals.
Our people are recognized by community organizations for their leadership, heroics, and citizenship. Many dedicate their own time to volunteering in communities and mentoring students. The energy industry salutes us for our technological advances and stellar system-reliability record. None of this would happen without the collective diligence and dedication of our people.
We pledge to continue to work our hardest to deliver value to our customers, employees, and shareholders. By carefully managing costs we were again able to increase your annual dividend for the 40th consecutive year to $2.52 per share,
a 6-cent increase. Customers benefit as well with more stable rates. Electric rates will not increase for the next two years, while current gas and steam rates will not change for another three years.
Finally, I want to congratulate my predecessor, Kevin Burke, on his retirement. We salute him for his 40 years of service to the company, and the superb job
he has done at the helm of Con Edison. His leadership steered us through some of the most challenging times in our company’s history. We credit Kevin with making Con Edison stronger and positioning the company for an even more promising future.
I am honored to have been chosen as Chief Executive Officer and I look forward to building on our company’s proud history and rich legacy. Thank you for your confidence and support.
John McAvoy
President and Chief Executive Officer
10 CON EDISON ANNUAL REPORT 2013
265574_DG3_COV_NARR.indd 10 3/14/14 10:06 PM
