CHAIRMAN’S MESSAGE
08
  LEONARD A. LAUDER
Dear Fellow Stockholders:
We hope you will take a moment to read the special tribute to Mrs. Estée Lauder, our Company founder, who passed away at her home in Manhattan this past spring. We chose to honor her in light of the extraordinary role she played in founding and building this wonderful Company.
I also want to thank so many of you who reached out to our entire family with your sympathy and heartfelt mes- sages. Our sorrow is tempered by the deep sense of family and incredible optimism that infuses every day at The Estée Lauder Companies.
Seeing our Company achieve new heights this year and reach for even more audacious goals for our future is tremendously gratifying. Imagination, agility, caring and courage are core attributes that always advance our work.
NEW PRODUCTS FOR OUR CONSUMERS
Our scientists continue to amaze and delight us. For example, Clinique’s Perfectly Real Makeup utilizes a new patent-pending mirror technology to create a more natural look. Our rapidly growing, highly exclusive La Mer introduced The Lifting Face Serum and The Lifting Intensifier, both based on our unique fermentation process and rare blue algae. The Intensifier boosts the benefits of the Serum and “trains” the skin to look smooth and uniform. The response to these product introductions — and many others too numerous to name — has been tremendous. The Company is focused on increasing the number of ownable technologies in our products. We are proud of our scientific achievements and product development focus.

New products are the end result of continuous and comprehensive research into ingredients. For example, we are probing the benefits of essential oils, looking beyond their effects on the sense of well-being and mood. Smelling the roses to feel more relaxed may actually have a scientific basis. As our colleagues at Origins, Aveda and Darphin know well, the fragrance of flowers has been a part of relaxation and romance for centuries.
THE COMPANY IS FOCUSED ON INCREASING THE NUMBER OF OWNABLE TECHNOLOGIES IN OUR PRODUCTS.
NEW MARKETS FOR OUR BRANDS
Our brands opened in many more markets around the world. They are sold in over 130 countries and territories worldwide and we continue to bring our newer brands to the international markets. For example, Aveda is now open for business in Japan, and M.A.C continues to successfully open free-standing stores in Brazil.
Currently, five of our brands — Estée Lauder, Clinique, Aramis, Donna Karan fragrances and Tommy Hilfiger fragrances — are sold in more than 120 countries and territories, with one — Clinique — sold in more than 130. Still, if we were to introduce all of our brands in every one of these countries and territories, we would have over 1,300 potential market openings in our future! This provides us with untapped opportunity for international expansion.
Each time an Estée Lauder Companies brand opens in a new market we are one step closer to becoming a more truly global Company. I am delighted to report that this year we neared a critical tipping point as our international sales moved closer to 50% of total sales.
With countries such as Russia, China and India creating vast new middle-class communities, our prospects abound. Through experience, we know that as women begin to have more disposable income they reach for the easily attainable, small luxuries of beauty and personal care products. Both Estée Lauder and Clinique are growing rapidly in the dynamic Chinese market. One clear sign of the emerging Chinese beauty industry is the development of high-quality women’s fashion magazines. We hosted several of the top Chinese editors at our headquarters in New York this spring to build relationships with these trendsetters.
NEW VENUES FOR CONSUMERS
First and foremost we must maintain our focus on the rapidly evolving consumer. As the consumer changes, we must change with her and sometimes lead the way to some very exciting new destinations. State-of-the-art facilities such as the new Bumble and bumble flagship salon and university in Manhattan’s newly fashionable Meatpacking District thrill our consumers. The Cooper-Hewitt, National Design Museum, awarded Aveda the Corporate Achievement Award for exhibiting ingenuity and insight in the relationship between design and quality of life in its salons.
We never forget the consumer on the move. Our travel retail division continues to flourish as the travel business has rebounded nicely this year. We also strive to make the in-store experience as engaging and entertaining as possible. At Jo Malone’s Sloane Street store in London, for example, we offered hand and arm treatments with edibles to launch Jo Malone’s new coffee fragrance collections. Whether in apothecaries or airports, specialty stores or online, we seek to touch our consumer in a meaningful way that not only sells products, but builds brand enthusiasm. Each of these channels allows our consumers to shop where, when and how they choose.
09

Our online business, for example, has become a channel-of-choice for a growing number of consumers. This year our e-commerce business grew 36%. But the real benefit of our Internet activities is the deeper rapport we are building with our consumers by telling them about new launches and inviting them to the counter.
NEW PEOPLE FOR OUR FAMILY
Our family of companies grows every year. This year we welcomed many wonderful new people to the fold. We will be working with Doctors Katie Rodan and Kathy Fields, two Stanford-trained dermatologists, in growing and expanding a highly effective line called Rodan + Fields Multi-Med Therapy. As practicing dermatologists, Doctors Rodan and Fields witnessed the physical and emotional scars that acne, rosacea, hyperpigmentation and other skin conditions leave behind. Their mission is to maximize the health and well-being of skin through products that deliver proven results.
WITH COUNTRIES SUCH AS RUSSIA, CHINA
AND INDIA CREATING VAST NEW MIDDLE-CLASS
COMMUNITIES, OUR PROSPECTS ABOUND. 10
Late in the last fiscal year, we also joined forces with the Paris-based company Laboratoires Darphin. Darphin is botanical beauty refined to the most sophisticated and advanced level. Darphin has three commitments to its consumer: targeted personalized skin care treatments, holistic plant benefits and the highest quality ingredients.
Darphin is primarily available in independent European pharmacies, a new distribution channel for us. We are delighted to have the opportunity to enter these highly professional pharmacies, which are growing more rapidly than either perfumeries or department stores in Continental Europe.
In this exciting year, we announced the creation of a new division, BeautyBank, a think-tank for new brand concepts and global business opportunities. In October 2003, BeautyBank’s first project was born. We entered into a strategic alliance with Kohl’s department stores to build and manage new cosmetic departments for their stores. We are currently the sole provider of branded cosmetics and skin care for approximately 600 Kohl’s stores. This fall you will see three new brands developed by our BeautyBank entrepreneurs debuting at Kohl’s:
• American Beauty, a full collection of makeup and skin care celebrating the beauty of American style
• Flirt!, a makeup line with more than 250 shades that encourages the consumer to flirt with the possibilities
• Good SkinTM, a skin care line that is easy to choose, easy to use and doctor-formulated to deliver targeted results
This year we associated ourselves with some very exciting celebrities. Actress Ashley Judd is the ideal spokeswoman for our new American Beauty brand. We also signed a license agreement to create a line of fragrances and other beauty products with Sean “P. Diddy” Combs and his Sean John fashion label. Through his success in music and theater, and by most recently winning the Council of Fashion Designers in America Menswear Designer of the Year award, Mr. Combs is unquestionably a leading trendsetter of our times. Additionally, the Tommy Hilfiger Toiletries division created a new fragrance called True Star in cooperation with superstar Beyoncé Knowles.
THANK YOU TO FRED LANGHAMMER
No discussion of people in our Company would be complete without talking about Fred Langhammer. Fred, a vital part of our Company for 30 years and our President and Chief Executive Officer for the last four years, decided to retire at the end of fiscal year 2004.

Fred’s contributions to our Company have been monumental. He joined our Company in Japan in 1975 and was my partner in building this business, taking the Company public and acquiring so many outstanding brands.
Most recently, Fred has done a marvelous job leading our Company during a challenging period of political and economic uncertainty. He worked with our Board of Directors as they sought his successor and he has enthusiastically endorsed their selection of William P. Lauder as President and Chief Executive Officer. The Board of Directors, our colleagues around the world and the Lauder family join me in thanking Fred Langhammer for his vision, his passion, his integrity and his friendship.
We are fortunate that Fred has agreed to take on the new role of Chairman, Global Affairs. In this capacity, Fred will leverage his extraordinary knowledge of the global marketplace and deep relationships around the world to the Company’s advantage.
I am delighted, and of course proud, to see William Lauder become Chief Executive Officer. One of our greatest competitive assets is the ability to operate as a world-class public Company and keep the spirit of the family alive for all our employees. I know that William will hold true to the traditions created by Mrs. Estée Lauder and enhanced by Fred Langhammer during his distinguished service as our Chief Executive Officer.
FRED’S CONTRIBUTIONS TO OUR COMPANY HAVE BEEN MONUMENTAL...WE ARE FORTUNATE THAT FRED HAS AGREED TO TAKE ON THE NEW ROLE OF CHAIRMAN, GLOBAL AFFAIRS.
CONCLUSION
Each section of this letter starts with the word “new.” Our business demands new ideas, new products, new servicing skills and new opportunities for growth. I am confident that we will continue to find the newest, hottest, greatest next thing to continue our historic growth.
I am deeply grateful to my colleagues at The Estée Lauder Companies for once again extending our leadership position in the industry and bringing the very best to our consumers.
We have a bright and exciting future ahead of us. Sincerely,
Leonard A. Lauder Chairman
11
 
 12
FRED H. LANGHAMMER
Dear Friends:
At the close of fiscal 2004, I proudly passed the baton to my successor as President and Chief Executive Officer, William P. Lauder. He has worked closely with me over the last few years and has been a key participant in formulating strategy and directing the Company. His particular focus on two major factors for success — building brands and developing talent — is already having an impact. No doubt in his new role, he will lead The Estée Lauder Companies to new heights.
My years at The Estée Lauder Companies have been tremendously rewarding. I would like to extend my appreciation to all of our talented employees for inspiring me with their creativity, commitment and passion. It has been my honor and privilege to work alongside them and to serve as their CEO.
I also would like to recognize and thank our Chairman, Leonard Lauder, who has been my guiding force and mentor for the past 30 years. I thank the entire Board of Directors for advising us so insightfully through yet another successful, productive and profitable year. And, finally, I thank each of our stockholders for their confidence in the strength of our Company and its prospects for growth and value creation.
Sincerely,
Fred H. Langhammer
 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REVIEW
Dear Fellow Stockholders:
13
    FRED H. LANGHAMMER WILLIAM P. LAUDER
The hallmarks of a great company are its products, its people and its ideas. By that measure, The Estée Lauder Companies is truly a great company. Products, people and ideas are the three pillars that have supported our Company since it was established by our founder, Mrs. Estée Lauder. Although Mrs. Lauder passed away this past April, her legacy lives on. As the Company completes its 58th year in business, these pillars continue to uphold our tradition of uninterrupted sales growth.
PRODUCTS and innovation are key drivers in the prestige cosmetics business. We are committed to bringing the best of both to our consumers. Each year, about one-third of our Company’s sales comes from products that were launched within the past three years. This year, we introduced more than 300 new products around the world. Their strength has been recognized not only by our largest year-over-year sales gain ever, but also by the numerous honors they were awarded. In North America, we were pleased to receive 11 CEW Beauty Awards from Cosmetic Executive Women for outstanding new products — one of the industry’s top honors.
Innovation remains the driving force that propels our Company forward. Our innovation and skill in product development come from more than 400 scientists in six Research & Development Centers around the world. They are constantly working with leading research institutions seeking the latest insights into skin care and makeup technologies. Our goal is to find the best ideas around the world, nurture them and bring them to consumers in the form of outstanding products.
The second pillar is the PEOPLE who drive the Company. Our success depends upon people with curiosity, creativity, passion and energy. These words certainly describe the employees of The Estée Lauder Companies. From the scientists at our R&D Centers who keep us on the leading edge of innovation to the people in Operations who ensure that we have a highly efficient supply chain producing and delivering the best products to stores around the globe to the artists who create the exciting visual merchandising you see at the counters that

display some of the best packaging in the industry — we have it all. Our Chairman, Leonard Lauder, said it best:
“The wealth of a company is its people. By that standard, we are a very wealthy company.”
Our financial success may be measured by sales and profits, but our overall success is measured by the power and promise of our IDEAS. Our Company has always been known for its vision: We were the first cosmetics company to connect with consumers by providing samples and Gift-With-Purchase; we were the first to introduce consistent brand imagery around the world, and we were the first major prestige cosmetics company to offer shopping on the Internet.
At present, our innovative drive is best exemplified by the creation and launch of several new brands in Kohl’s department stores. This summer, we announced the fall launch of three new brands for Kohl’s — American Beauty, Flirt! and Good Skin.TM The investment in these brands will enable us to reach consumers who might not otherwise shop in our traditional channels of distribution with unique offerings. The venture will also provide us with a range of products positioned to appeal to consumers in emerging markets around the world. The effort is being directed by our new division, BeautyBank, an incubator for new brand concepts and global business opportunities.
14
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
Our critical assets — our products, our people and our ideas — contributed to an outstanding performance in fiscal 2004. We added an unprecedented $694.4 million to top-line sales, generating $5.79 billion in total net sales, an increase of 14% over last year. Net earnings attributable to common stock were $342.1 million, compared with $296.4 million in fiscal 2003 representing a 15% increase. And, diluted earnings per common share increased 17% to $1.48, compared with $1.26 in the prior year.
The results were driven by several outstanding accomplishments:
• Global sales growth • Resource management
• Growth in our four main product categories • Strong distribution dynamics
INNOVATION REMAINS THE DRIVING FORCE THAT PROPELS OUR COMPANY FORWARD.
GLOBAL SALES GROWTH
Our performance around the world certainly benefited from increased travel and tourism, recovery in the prestige distribution channel and the effects of a weaker U.S. dollar.
On a regional basis, in the Americas, annual net sales increased 7% to $3.15 billion. In Europe, the Middle East & Africa, annual net sales increased 24% to $1.87 billion. On a constant currency basis, net sales in that region rose 14%. And in Asia/Pacific, annual net sales rose 17% to $771.4 million, while net sales in constant currency grew by 9%.
Outside the developed markets, we solidified our presence in fast-growing emerging markets. We relocated our Asian regional headquarters to Shanghai and also developed the blueprint for a new R&D Center in China. Our business in Russia continued to show strong growth, and other Eastern European markets continue to show promise for the future.
GROWTH IN OUR FOUR MAIN PRODUCT CATEGORIES
Strong growth was reported in our four main product categories, led by fragrance and makeup. Two of our categories, skin care and makeup, reached milestones this year, with both exceeding $2 billion in sales for the first time in our history. Net sales in fragrance were $1.22 billion, up 15% on a reported basis and 10% in constant currency. The improvements were driven by the resurgence of the travel retail channel, where 60% of the cosmetics sales in the channel are generated by fragrance, as well as several new launches — including Estée Lauder Beyond Paradise, Aramis Life and Clinique Simply.

Net sales in makeup were $2.15 billion, up 14% on a reported basis and 10% in constant currency. Growth was led, in part, by the continued momentum of our two leading makeup artist brands — M.A.C and Bobbi Brown. Furthermore, both Clinique and Estée Lauder made strong progress in the mascara segment, with Clinique gaining significant share in this important category around the world and Estée Lauder receiving the prestigious award for the best new eye product from Cosmetic Executive Women for MagnaScopic Maximum Volume Mascara. Foundation also continued to show strong sales in North America, Europe and Asia for Clinique and Estée Lauder.
TWO OF OUR CATEGORIES, SKIN CARE AND MAKEUP, REACHED MILESTONES THIS YEAR, WITH BOTH EXCEEDING $2 BILLION IN SALES FOR THE FIRST TIME IN OUR HISTORY.
Skin care net sales, which benefited from heightened interest in anti-aging and other technologically-advanced products, were $2.14 billion, an increase of 13% on a reported basis and 8% in constant currency. Our two core brands — Estée Lauder and Clinique — each posted strong results in the category, supported by new products like Idealist Micro-D Deep Thermal Refinisher and Hydra Complete Multi-Level Moisture Crème by Estée Lauder and the Pore Minimizer line of products from Clinique. Skin care was also strengthened by the inclusion of two new brands — Darphin and Rodan + Fields — and by the rapid growth of one of our cult brands, La Mer.
Our performance in hair care was led by strong growth in our two salon brands, Aveda and Bumble & bumble, which continue to distinguish themselves with high quality products and by leading the prestige hair care category with cutting-edge ideas in training for styling techniques and salon management. Overall, net sales in hair care for the year grew 9% to $249.4 million on a reported basis and 7% in constant currency.
RESOURCE MANAGEMENT
In fiscal 2004, we continued to place strong emphasis on managing our resources wisely. Cost savings from our Global Operations group improved our profitability and eliminated inefficiencies, allowing us to re-deploy resources to areas that directly impact the consumer and drive top-line growth. For example, cost of goods as a percentage of net sales improved 50 basis points over last year as a result of supply chain initiatives and reductions in promotional spending in favor of advertising. Reported operating expenses, as a percentage of net sales, improved 70 basis points due in part to savings in selling, distribution and administration costs.
STRONG DISTRIBUTION DYNAMICS
On the distribution front, we experienced continued recovery and growth in the profitable travel retail channel following its two-year slump. Our own freestanding retail stores also performed well, as did our e-commerce business. Finally, and perhaps most noteworthy, we saw a terrific recovery in domestic department stores as well as a particularly strong recovery in high-end specialty retailers like Neiman Marcus, Nordstrom and Saks Fifth Avenue.
LOOKING AHEAD
As we begin a new chapter in the Company’s history, we look forward to your continued support. Going into this year, we will maintain our focus on building talent and building brands — the two catalysts that will take us to the next level.
Thank you, stockholders, for your belief in our brands, our Company and our people. Sincerely,
15
  Fred H. Langhammer William P. Lauder
