  06
LEONARD A. LAUDER Dear Stockholders:
In this Annual Report, a comprehensive strategic review has been written by our Chief Executive Officer, William Lauder. I am personally very pleased with the growth strategy that he has outlined for our Company. There is little that I can add to his plan, which is well under way as you read this. My goal is to call attention to a few global trends and market forces that offer context and perspective to this excellent plan.
CHAIRMAN’S MESSAGE
In the past 12 months, I have visited over 15 markets throughout the world, all of which are in various stages of development. The most compelling trend I see is the power of our brands in all countries, from the most mature and well-developed to those that are just emerging. For example: M.A.C has just launched with great success in both China and India; Crème de la Mer has gotten off to a wonderful start in China; Estée Lauder is about to launch in Vietnam, following a successful Clinique launch in that same market; Jo Malone is a great success in Australia, and Aveda has celebrated its first anniversary in Japan.

THE MOST COMPELLING TREND I SEE IS THE POWER OF OUR BRANDS IN ALL COUNTRIES, FROM THE MOST MATURE AND WELL-DEVELOPED TO THOSE THAT ARE JUST EMERGING.
Travel has become the number one consumer luxury in the world. Hundreds of millions of travelers now swarm through the world’s newly constructed airline terminals, as well as cruise ships, and resorts. The Estée Lauder Companies is brilliantly positioned to sell our products to those travelers, no matter where they are. Our Travel Retail Division creates products strictly for this channel, which provides a source of growth for us as well as a potent way for consumers to sample our products.
I am also seeing the growing importance of “showcase markets”, where both local consumers and visitors are flooding the stores. Hong Kong expects 12 million visitors from Mainland China, and Macau will be close behind with 10 million visitors. Dubai, where there are counters in all of the major stores as well as in the international airport, anticipates 21 million visitors
in 2006 from Europe, the Middle East and India. Even Las Vegas, which continues to grow dramatically, will receive an estimated 41 million visitors from throughout the world. Our Company is using these showcase markets not only for sales 07 and profit generation, but as windows to a new and eager consumer base.
The strategies that William Lauder has outlined, coupled with the few trends that I have just mentioned, should provide growth well into the next decade.
Sincerely,
Leonard A. Lauder Chairman
 
08
CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REVIEW
Our brands are one of our most important assets, and brand building is our core strength. Our future will be built with superlative beauty brands. This year, we announced several wonderful new brands, opening new areas of growth.
• Our BeautyBank division launched four distinctive national brands into Kohl’s Department Stores. These brands: American Beauty, Good SkinTM, Flirt! and Grassroots, are quickly gaining favor with consumers. We are pleased with our progress in this broad and dynamic shopping arena.
• In April 2005, we signed a multi-year arrangement with world-renowned fashion designer Tom Ford. Initially, Mr. Ford will collaborate with the Estée Lauder brand in the creation of a Tom Ford for Estée Lauder line to be sold at our Estée Lauder counters. Then, Mr. Ford will launch a separate, stand-alone Tom Ford beauty line with products in Fall 2006.
Dear Fellow Stockholder:
As you read this report, I will have completed my first year as your Chief Executive Officer. It is a privilege to lead The Estée Lauder Companies, founded by Estée and Joseph Lauder in 1946. We have had an enviable track record of uninterrupted growth for 59 years. We now have a total of 26 prestigious brands, several of which are sold in more than 130 countries and territories. In the coming fiscal year, we will celebrate 60 years in business and 10 years as a public company.
I am pleased with our financial performance, but rather than review the past, I want to focus on our future and articulate our plan for extending our Company’s leadership position over the next 60 years with the goal of
  WILLIAM P. LAUDER
delivering even greater results.
Our commitment to you, our stockholders, is to seek and pursue our very brightest future with persistence, passion and excellence through our development of outstanding brands, highly motivated people and financial excellence.
PERSISTENCE IN BUILDING PRESTIGIOUS BEAUTY BRANDS
In fiscal 2005, approximately 70% of our net sales came from brands we created ourselves, including Estée Lauder, Aramis, Clinique, Prescriptives and Origins. In current conditions, the economics of brand building are very attractive. Moreover, brand building unleashes the power of our highly imaginative creative teams. We also succeeded in building acquired brands such as Aveda, Bobbi Brown and M.A.C. In the future, we will continue to rely on our prowess as brand builders.

WE HAVE A COMPETITIVE ASSET IN OUR CREATIVITY AND ABILITY TO CAPITALIZE ON TRENDS.
• In May 2005, we announced a collaboration with Missoni, the Milan-based fashion house known for its vibrant knitwear and enduring fashion style. The relationship will advance several business objectives, including our European growth strategy and our partnerships with leading fashion designers.
BUILDING TALENT WITH PASSION
Creating an environment rooted in achievement and committed to personal excellence is a top priority at The Estée Lauder Companies. Behind all of our brands are highly talented, imaginative and dedicated people.
We are committed to strengthening our bond with employees. We seek to offer a stimulating and gratifying work environ- ment that will help attract and nurture the very best talent in the industry. We want to preserve our impressive retention rates and are proud that the average length of service in our Company is over 10 years. Moreover, we encourage upward mobility. There are many examples throughout the Company of employees who began on the shop floor or behind the counter and rose through the ranks.
A COMPANY COMMITTED TO GROWTH
Our goal is to be a company with a growth rate that outpaces the global beauty marketplace. There are many ways we can
accomplish this ambition.
• Technological excellence. This year Estée Lauder, Clinique, Prescriptives and Rodan + Fields all successfully launched polypeptide skin care products appropriate to their respective brands. We excelled in capturing a leading edge in the anti-aging category by sharing technology while maintaining brand integrity. This experience highlights the fact that we have a competitive asset in our technology brain trust that can be leveraged to position our portfolio of brands and products strategically in the market.
• Leadership in innovation. We also have a competitive asset in our creativity and ability to capitalize on trends. Consider the following: In the United States alone, someone turns 50 years old every six seconds, and a recent survey showed that women view flawless skin as the second most important luxury (after a vacation). Several of our skin care brands have understood these trends and strengthened their offerings in the anti-aging and repair categories. La Mer for example, launched a limited-distribution product called The Essence.
09

10
• Growth opportunities. We have enormous opportunities to expand into new countries and further penetrate those where we are already established. For example, our business in China is booming. Our sales have nearly doubled as Clinique and Estée Lauder have expanded beyond Beijing and Shanghai into 23 other cities. We have recently launched La Mer, M.A.C and Bobbi Brown into this exciting market.
THE IMPORTANCE OF CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
The future will shine most brightly on socially responsible companies. Our devotion to good corporate citizenship is driven by an abiding desire to do the right thing. This year, we are honored to have been cited as one of Fortune magazine’s Most Admired Companies in our category. We are determined to continue to raise the bar for ourselves to be leaders in the areas of social responsibility and corporate citizenship. The following are a few examples:
• In 1992, Evelyn Lauder started The Estée Lauder Companies’ Annual Breast Cancer Awareness Campaign to generate awareness about breast cancer. We created the pink ribbon, which has become a worldwide symbol of breast health. Over the last 13 years, our brands have distributed more than 50 million pink ribbons at cosmetic counters around the world and raised millions of dollars to help save countless lives through early detection and research towards a cure.
• In 1994, M.A.C established the M.A.C AIDS Fund to support men, women and children affected by HIV/AIDS globally. M.A.C gives every cent of the proceeds from the sale of VIVA GLAM lipsticks to the M.A.C AIDS Fund and other AIDS-related charities. These efforts have generated $50 million for AIDS-related charities and serve as an important unifying cause for our 4,000 M.A.C makeup artists.
• This year, Clinique joined forces with the Weill Cornell Medical College to create the Clinique Skin Wellness Center at Weill Cornell. This program marks the first time a leading cosmetic brand and a prestigious medical institution have collaborated to address skin wellness from both a clinical and research perspective.
• For the first time, our Annual Report is printed on 100% recycled paper as a demonstration of our corporate commitment to preserving our environment.
 FULL YEAR RESULTS
By Category Net Sales
(Dollars in millions)
Fragrance $1,261
% Growth* By Region Net Sales % Growth** (Dollars in millions)
3%Americas $3,382 7% 13% Europe, the Middle East & Africa 2,119 7%
  Makeup Skin Care Hair Care
2,423 2,352 274
10% Asia/Pacific
835 4%
$6,336 7%
Total $6,336
* Reportedbasis
** In local currencies
10%
9%
Total

OUR BRANDS ARE ONE OF OUR MOST IMPORTANT ASSETS, AND BRAND BUILDING IS OUR CORE STRENGTH.
GREAT COMPANIES DEPEND ON GREAT PEOPLE
My vision for our Company is firmly focused on the future while remaining respectful of the past. We will achieve these ambitions by working together.
First, I want to thank my colleagues around the world, especially those who stand behind the counter and serve consumers directly. They are carrying the legacy of “Bringing the Best to Everyone We Touch” that has been our Company’s hallmark. All one needs to do is work one day in their shoes to know how crucial they are to our success.
I also want to thank the leaders within our Company: our Chief Operating Officer, Group Presidents, Brand Presidents, General Managers, Operations leaders and Group Heads who pulled together throughout the year. From within our leadership ranks, we named Dan Brestle Chief Operating Officer in January of this year. Dan is a 27-year veteran with extensive accomplishments in both branding and operations. His talents are an enormous asset in our executive suite.
I want to thank our Board of Directors for their guidance and commitment to our Company. This year, we strengthened our
Board with two additional Directors: Mellody Hobson, President of Ariel Capital Management, and Aerin Lauder, Senior Vice
President, Global Creative Directions, Estée Lauder. I want to express my appreciation to our Chairman, Leonard Lauder.
11
And finally, the entire Estée Lauder Companies joins me in thanking you, our stockholder, for your continued support of our fine Company.
Sincerely,
William P. Lauder President
Chief Executive Officer
 