                        
   WILLIAM P.
LAUDER EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN
   Dear Fellow Stockholders,
The driving force behind our Company’s success year after year is our strong focus on growth for the long-term. Each decision, each new idea and each acquisition is a strategic step on a long runway that fuels momentum for the future. This beautiful momentum is a direct result of a strategy executed with excellence by our talented and diverse global workforce, which is guided by the outstanding strategic leadership of our President and Chief Executive Officer, Fabrizio Freda, our world-class Executive Leadership Team and the wisdom of our Board of Directors.
Against a backdrop of economic challenges, I am proud that fiscal 2015 was another year that resulted in many notable achievements for our Company. Among them was the expansion of our portfolio through the acquisition of four brands: RODIN olio lusso, Le Labo, Editions de Parfums Frédéric Malle and GLAMGLOW. As a Company founded by an entrepreneur, we understand how essential the entrepreneurial spirit and drive are to any brand. We look for this when we consider any potential acquisition—whether in skin care, makeup, fragrance or hair care. We believe that the brands we acquired this past year have the potential to join the ranks of M·A·C, Jo Malone London and La Mer, all of which began their journeys as small brands and today are formidable, global competitors in the prestige beauty space. It is not only the brands that attract us, but the vibrant personalities behind them. We give our new brands resources, tools and capabilities that they need to grow sustainably, but we also work to maintain each brand’s unique identity, heritage and philosophy. We love learning from them, as they learn from us.
Fiscal 2015 was also an exciting time for the convergence of new communication channels, digital commerce and service. These platforms are fully interconnected and increasingly influencing consumers’ buying behaviors. We believe we are well- positioned to take advantage of the opportunities afforded to us by the rapid pace of global digital techniques that are revolutionizing how more and more consumers experience and interact with brands. #TheEstéeEdit, the trailblazing online initiative
     
from the Estée Lauder brand, blends content and commerce to tell the Estée Lauder brand story in a fresh modern way, while providing consumers with an educational and shoppable experience. This is just one example of the new ways our brands are reaching consumers with strategic brand storytelling in the digital space. We are also enhancing our ability to reach our consumers seamlessly and globally, and finding them where they want to shop. A wonderful example of this is the opening of a M·A·C freestanding store in Manaus, Brazil, located in the Amazon rainforest. Within its first two months of opening, the store exceeded sales expectations by more than threefold, delivering fun, on-trend products and services to consumers and fans of M·A·C in this tier three city.
This fast-evolving environment requires the best creative thinkers and flexible leadership. Innovative ideas come from everywhere and everyone in our organization. It starts with our adventurous leaders, who constantly explore new ideas—a mindset that enthuses our entire Company. Often the very best ideas are those created by employees who see an opportunity, put their hand up and say, “Let’s try it.” We encourage our employees to push the envelope and think differently because it sets us apart from our competitors.
From our newest employees of the Millennial generation to our most seasoned senior executives, we focus on creating a workplace that encourages continuous learning and adaptation. This is critical to our abilities to create trends, anticipate change and swiftly adapt to the shifting needs and demands of our global business. This strong focus on education helps ensure that we build the next generation of leaders for our Company. Over 9,000 employees participate in learning opportunities offered by The Estée Lauder Companies each year, and even more have access to tools that can enhance their knowledge and experience.
Our business of beauty is rooted in aspiration. Not only do we help shape the hopes and desires of our consumers, but we also shape our own ambitions as well. We are determined to be the best in prestige beauty. We aim to be the best employer. And we aspire to operate sustainably and responsibly at all times.
As I stated in our most recent Corporate Responsibility report, we understand that our global growth is built on the trust our consumers place in our extraordinary brands, High-Touch services and beautiful, safe and effective products. And they trust us to care for the environment and for all those in our value chain who help make our brands so inspiring. That confidence stems from the science behind our performance and the family values we live every day.
The integrity of what we do rests in who we are. This shines through in our corporate and brand philanthropy. The success of the M·A·C AIDS Fund, the Breast Cancer Awareness (BCA) Campaign and the Aveda Earth Month program are just a few examples of how our consumers, brands and employees unite as a force for change. I am especially inspired by our employees who are so passionately involved in many of our philanthropic platforms.
6 THE EST{E LAUDER COMPANIES INC.

M·A·C AIDS Fund (MAF) is the largest corporate foundation and second biggest private donor to HIV/AIDS causes in the United States. Through a unique 100% giving model, every cent of the sales price of VIVAGLAM lip products is donated to MAF and other programs that help women, men and children affected by HIV/AIDS. The sale of one M·A·C VIVAGLAM LIPGLASS lip gloss or VIVAGLAM lipstick supports, for example: 45 minutes of lifesaving HIV prevention skills to a group of 75 women and girls; or a clean, safe place to sleep for two nights for a woman living with HIV/AIDS; or 24 female condoms/254 male condoms. One of MAF’s signature programs, the World AIDS Day Global Volunteer Initiative, has become a core commitment of M·A·C employees each year. In December 2014, more than 2,500 M·A·C employees volunteered at HIV/ AIDS organizations in 30 countries.
Since my mother’s bold and courageous decision to launch The BCA Campaign, we have made tremendous progress. I am proud to continue my mother’s legacy by championing our Company’s commitment to The BCA Campaign and our ultimate goal of defeating breast cancer through education and medical research. The funds raised by our brands and employees have directly resulted in significant innovations and improvements in care, ranging from the launch of an early- phase breast cancer vaccine trial to improved ways to assess risk in young girls from families with multiple cases of breast cancer. I cannot help but think about my mother and how proud she would be to know that this effort lives on.
Our heritage remains one of our greatest assets. Knowing who we are as a business—focused on long-term growth and able to successfully navigate through certain global uncertainties, and knowing where we came from provides us with a strong foundation to strategically adapt and grow. We continue to thrive because of our strong strategy, deep business acumen and our creative, curious and innovative people. My father, Leonard Lauder, has frequently said that we are a business of great brands and great people. I extend my heartfelt thanks to Fabrizio, our Leadership Team, our employees and to you, our stockholders, for continuing to strengthen that legacy each and every day.
THE EST{E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 7

                 8
 
   FABRIZIO
FREDA
PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Dear Fellow Stockholders,
The Estée Lauder Companies delivered another year of strong financial performance in fiscal 2015, demonstrating the power of our business model, the diversity of our portfolio and the strength of our execution. Our results were fueled by our multiple engines of growth across brands, demographics, geographies and channels, signifying our proven resiliency and agility, even against the backdrop of challenging market conditions in some areas.
We are continuing to build on our beautiful momentum by leveraging our multiple engines of growth, combined with our brand building capabilities and our unrivaled creativity and innovation, all of which have enabled us to deliver consistent, sustainable results for stockholders.
In fiscal 2015, we generated adjusted net sales of $11.0 billion, adjusted net earnings of $1.18 billion and adjusted diluted earnings per share of $3.05. The strengthening of the dollar relative to other currencies had an adverse effect on our results. In constant currency, net sales rose 6 percent and diluted earnings per share increased 12 percent.* Cash flow from operations increased 27 percent to $1.9 billion, providing ample resources to invest in our business, while returning substantial cash to our stockholders. During the fiscal year, we raised our dividend rate by 20 percent and repurchased nearly $1 billion of our outstanding shares.
We are keenly focused on long-term value creation as we proactively manage our business to remain well-positioned to generate impressive near-term results. Our 10-year Compass, a vital long-range planning tool, helps us to anticipate emerging trends and direct our investments appropriately. Consumer shopping behaviors and habits are undergoing a profound transformation, driven by changing technology and distribution, the increasing influence of the Millennial demographic and the continued spending power of the Ageless consumer. Through skillful planning and strategic decision making, we are well-positioned in this dynamic environment.
       9
 
MAINTAINING CONSISTENCY IN
A DYNAMIC GLOBAL ENVIRONMENT
In fiscal 2015, we sustained our momentum by proactively managing our approach to successfully anticipate and navigate through global uncertainties, including significant movement in key currencies and slower consumer spending in China.
We have been able to nimbly and quickly shift our resources to the brands, regions and channels that are demonstrating the best opportunities and strongest momentum. This agility helped us to grow net sales at a pace higher than global prestige beauty. With one-third of our brands, markets and channels growing at double-digit rates, the rest simply needed to grow overall in line with the industry for us to outperform.
During the year, we benefitted from, and increased our investment in, several high potential areas of our business. These included our fast-growing online and mobile offerings, which are a critical part of our broader channel strategy. Our Online metrics are truly impressive: nearly all of our brands experienced strong double-digit growth in this channel, with the largest contributions from M·A·C, Estée Lauder and Clinique. We also continued to see strong double-digit growth Online across all regions, including our most developed countries, the United States and the United Kingdom.
Additionally, we continued to expand strategically in emerging markets. For example, we capitalized on the global popularity of M·A·C, using freestanding M·A·C stores as an entry point into countries with less developed prestige retail. This strategy delivered excellent results, contributing to a 71 percent increase in M·A·C’s business at retail in Brazil in fiscal 2015, despite the economic downturn in that region.
OUR COMPASS
Our areas of focus and deployment of capital for sustainable growth are based on a rigorous strategic process that is informed by our Compass. The Compass provides a vital source of consumer and market trends and helps identify the fastest-growing areas in prestige beauty that will provide the greatest opportunities.
Through the development of our Compass, we saw early on the mega trends that led to our investments in direct-to-consumer and specialty-multi retail capabilities. It has also helped us spot key product trends, such as growing consumer interest in subcategories like facial masks. This resulted in the successful introductions of a range of masks at Origins and the expansion of this subcategory at La Mer, where we doubled the size of our mask business during fiscal 2015. Our recent acquisition of GLAMGLOW, the popular Hollywood skin care brand focused on fast-acting skin care masks, gives us the opportunity to lead in this growing subcategory. In addition, artisanal and luxury fragrances with a focus on craftsmanship and quality are anticipated to grow faster than the rest of the fragrance category, and we are well-positioned to lead this trend through our other recent acquisitions.
The Compass also helps us decide where to allocate capital by category, market and brand. For example, we made the strategic decisions to move into China, now over 6 percent of our total sales, and accelerate M·A·C and Jo Malone London in markets such as Latin America and Asia based on findings included in our Compass. These decisions are generating strong and profitable growth.
10 THE EST{E LAUDER COMPANIES INC.

The Compass keeps our boat in the winds of growth, enabling us to focus on delivering strong near- term results, while also laying the groundwork for sustainable, profitable growth over time.
POWERFUL GROWTH IN MAKEUP AND LUXURY BRANDS
Many of our growth engines contributed to our strong performance in fiscal 2015, reflecting the depth and breadth of our business, and the strength of our balanced portfolio, which enables us to remain agile and nimble.
We are the global leader in prestige makeup, which continues to be one of our most compelling opportunities. Our brands were well-positioned to benefit from the exceptional growth of the category, where our sales increased 10 percent in constant currency during the year, adjusted for the accelerated sales orders, led by M·A·C’s continued extraordinary performance.
We saw strong growth in lipstick sales across our brands, with products such as Estée Lauder’s Pure Color Lip Envy, Tom Ford Beauty’s Lips & Boys collection and M·A·C’s Ruby Woo lipstick leading this trend.
Our most aspirational luxury brands were also standout performers this year, with sales from Tom Ford, La Mer and Jo Malone London showing strong growth. La Mer, one of our luxury skin care brands, grew retail sales by double-digit rates in fiscal 2015. La Mer’s Treatment Lotion is the most popular SKU in Asia in our distribution, with new marketing assets driving sales and recruiting new consumers.
GROWTH IN HERITAGE MARKETS:
THE UNITED STATES AND THE UNITED KINGDOM
We have generated growth in our heritage markets through our ability to be agile and nimble and, in fact, approach them like emerging markets: by identifying and leveraging our strengths in the fastest areas of growth. Using our proprietary consumer insights and cutting edge market research, we are strategically deploying our brands, and tailoring product assortments and communications to fit local tastes and preferences in cities and neighborhoods with ethnic diversity.
In the United States, which accounts for approximately 37 percent of our sales, we continued to build our business in fiscal 2015 by concentrating our resources on the most populous and prosperous states, including California, Texas and Florida, with products, brands and distribution strategies tailored to the unique characteristics of each market. Further, we are investing in and testing various omnichannel offerings to improve service and increase loyalty in the United States and other established markets.
Our team in the United Kingdom, our second largest market, is producing remarkable results, with net sales in constant currency growing double-digits, by directing our resources and attention to secondary cities and brands and products with the greatest potential. As one example, our team recognized an opportunity to leverage the convergence of hospitality and art in retail, and launched a Smashbox shop in Box Park Shoreditch, a pop-up mall with fashion and lifestyle stores and events in East London, to better reach consumers directly and provide them with an immersive experience.
THE EST{E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 11

In fiscal 2015, the talented teams at our heritage Estée Lauder and Clinique brands continued to work hard to reignite growth, beginning new, exciting programs to achieve this objective over the next year. Both brands delivered breakthrough launches that filled “white space” opportunities for us. For example, in summer 2015, the Estée Lauder brand introduced New Dimension, a revolutionary franchise of transformative skin care and makeup products that create visible definition for a beautiful, more contoured looking face.
Estée Lauder is continuing its efforts to modernize its image by reaching out to a wider demographic, including the Millennial generation. Initiatives include collaborating with Millennial influencers around the world, producing branded content across their social media platforms and introducing Kendall Jenner as a new spokesmodel. Kendall is the number one model across social media, and she is helping us to introduce Estée Lauder to a whole new generation of consumers.
Clinique is also attracting new consumers through fun and fresh product offerings in makeup. Clinique introduced Beyond Perfecting Foundation and Concealer, a new product with an innovative applicator in the strong subcategory of foundation, where the brand leads in the United States. Also in the makeup category, Clinique introduced Clinique Pop Lip Colour and Primer, a fun and colorful draw for consumers, just as the popularity of lip products exploded.
GLOBAL GROWTH:
CONTINUED SUCCESS IN EMERGING MARKETS
We see significant, continuing opportunity in emerging markets, which are expected to comprise approximately 25 percent of the industry’s global retail sales within the next decade. Geographic diversity and balance is an important part of our strategy to minimize volatility and enhance the consistency of our performance. We are engaging local consumers by emphasizing products and services with the greatest local appeal. Our insightful marketing encourages brand loyalty among a new generation of aspirational consumers across these countries.
Emerging markets contributed significantly to our performance, with sales in fiscal 2015 representing approximately 14 percent of our total business.
We continue to view China as a significant long-term growth opportunity and an important building block of our strategy. We are investing significant resources to reach Chinese women who, on average, use seven products in the morning and another seven at night in their beauty routines— many more than most consumers in the Western world. We are focused on becoming an even more important part of the beauty rituals of an increasing number of Chinese consumers by launching more brands in China and expanding distribution, with the potential of growing our presence from 100 cities currently to more than 300 over time.
Our growth in emerging markets is balanced across geographies. Sales in emerging markets, excluding China, rose 26 percent in constant currency, led by Turkey, Brazil and South Africa. Combined, our presence across these and other emerging markets represents an even larger portion of our business than China itself. These countries represent wellsprings of opportunity as economic improvements increase the purchasing power of a rising middle class.
12 THE EST{E LAUDER COMPANIES INC.

We recognize that many consumers from emerging markets are introduced to our brands while traveling or abroad. Travel Retail continues to be an important cornerstone of our strategy to reach these consumers, particularly as destinations and traffic patterns shift. This year, we accelerated our growth in certain limited-distribution brands in Travel Retail and will continue to add distribution points and invest in this channel to help fuel our future growth.
CREATING THE NEXT GENERATION OF ICONIC BRANDS
We have a successful history of collaborating with talented, inspirational founders of prestige beauty lines to build their brands into game-changing global enterprises. By preserving what is special and unique about these brands, while leveraging our global distribution, creative resources and operational expertise, we are able to help these entrepreneurs realize their vision and create new avenues of growth for our Company.
Our track record is spectacular: M·A·C, Bobbi Brown, La Mer and Jo Malone London—all significant value-creating acquisitions from the 1990s—are helping to power our momentum today. For example, since we acquired Bobbi Brown in 1995 and completed our acquisition of M·A·C in 1998, sales of each brand has risen at a compound annual rate of nearly 25 percent.
We are extremely excited about the potential of the new brands we welcomed into our portfolio in fiscal 2015. Each one strengthens our presence in subcategories poised for strong growth with established brand equity and loyal consumers. GLAMGLOW increases our skin care offerings, particularly in masks that help give skin a gorgeous, spotlight-ready glow, while Editions de Parfum Frédéric Malle brings us a collection of elegant, sophisticated ultraluxury fragrances with European provenance. Le Labo adds artisanal fragrance and lifestyle offerings with an emphasis on fine craftsmanship and personalization, and RODIN olio lusso provides our Company with another authentic offering in the fast-growing luxury facial oil subcategory.
These new additions are important investments in our future and serve to enhance our already diverse portfolio of powerful brands.
ADAPTING THE WAY
WE COMMUNICATE AND ENGAGE
Consumer behaviors and shopping preferences have reached a fascinating tipping point, and we are well-equipped to respond and deliver in this dynamic landscape. One of the largest and most significant forces transforming our industry is the rise of the Millennial consumer. Born between 1980 and 2000, Millennials are now the largest demographic group not only in the history of the United States, but in the world. Their spending power in the United States alone is expected to reach nearly $3.4 trillion by 2018.
These savvy consumers are widely considered to be the first “digital natives,” and expect a seamless shopping experience across the brick and mortar, online and mobile worlds. For them, lines between information, communication, entertainment, commerce and socializing do not exist. They instantly share their perspectives and seek advice not only from friends, but from an ever changing and
THE EST{E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 13

expanding base of “experts” and “style leaders” on subjects they are interested in, particularly when it comes to beauty. As a result, they are continually experimenting and searching for new experiences, while also seeking out authentic brand stories and pursuing “individualized” brands. Our ability to meet their desires for new experiences and rapid innovation provides an important advantage in establishing strong connections with the Millennial consumer.
In many ways, the Millennial generation—and their shopping habits and preferences—is changing the expectations and behaviors of other generations. The very same dynamics that drive a Millennial’s approach to the world—technology, interconnectedness, social engagement—are shaping how we all think and live, so our Company is focused on delivering High-Touch experiences across all generations.
For example, to meet the needs of our important Ageless consumer, we are emphasizing her best- loved products and brands, and innovating to meet her evolving needs with the same High-Touch approach to service in the channels where she shops. By 2017, approximately half of the United States population will be 50 years or older and will control 70 percent of the nation’s disposable income. Globally, the spending power of the Ageless group will reach $15 trillion by 2020. Women in this category, particularly in our heritage markets, are willing to indulge themselves, which opens a number of opportunities for engagement across our brands. We are innovating to meet their needs by developing products tailored perfectly for them.
OUTLOOK: BUILDING ON OUR BEAUTIFUL MOMENTUM
Global prestige beauty is dynamic, highly competitive and undergoing significant changes. We delivered strong results in fiscal 2015 and demonstrated that our strategy is working precisely because we anticipated many of the opportunities stemming from this environment. We have proven that we are able to successfully navigate global challenges and leverage our strengths in the fastest-growing areas. And, importantly, we believe we still have a great deal of runway for future growth.
There is enormous untapped potential around the globe and across our diverse brand portfolio, and we are using our Compass to identify the areas of greatest opportunity. We are deepening our presence in emerging markets, where disposable income among women is increasing. In heritage markets, we continue to revitalize and accelerate our growth, leveraging new tools to allocate our resources more effectively. We are continuing to innovate and add to our portfolio of exceptional brands.
Combined, these efforts position The Estée Lauder Companies for long-term, sustainable growth and increasing profitability. We are focused on continual improvement in the way we do business to further increase efficiency and agility. In sum, we believe we are well-positioned to continue the beautiful momentum we have created.
This is truly an exciting time to be a major player in global prestige beauty. The industry is forecast to grow again by 4 to 5 percent over the next few years. Our goal remains to grow at least one percentage point faster to deliver topline growth between 6 and 8 percent annually in constant currency. In order to achieve this, we are actively investing in the fastest-growing areas of our industry. We expect to leverage our sales growth through greater productivity and cost savings and
14 THE EST{E LAUDER COMPANIES INC.

efficiencies from our Strategic Modernization Initiative program. We expect to reinvest some of the savings in capabilities and growth drivers, including digital, R&D, retail store expansion and information technology, while maintaining our goal of double-digit EPS growth in constant currency. Improvement in our inventory management is expected to drive growth in free cash flow at a faster rate than earnings, giving us more flexibility for acquisitions and returning cash to stockholders through dividends and share repurchases.
Our outstanding performance this year, and over time, is supported by the following foundational assets of our company:
First, the Lauder family. We are a public company built upon the strong foundation of family heritage and values. The Lauder family members’ dedication to preserving the legacy of our Company underlines our deep commitment to ensuring long-term sustainability and growth, and I am proud and privileged to partner with them to continue to build this great organization.
Second, our people. Our success is the direct result of the talented team we have assembled and with whom I look forward to working every day. Our management team defines what it means to be “world class” and is supported by our extremely capable and talented employees around the globe. We are committed to the continuous development of all our employees at the Company, and encourage leadership from every chair.
I also thank our Board of Directors for their wise counsel and stewardship of our Company, which have been essential to setting and maintaining our strategic course.
And importantly, I am grateful to you, our valued stockholders, for your continued support and confidence.
I believe in the sustainability of the beautiful momentum that The Estée Lauder Companies demonstrated in fiscal 2015 and over the past several years. It is a true honor to lead this fantastic company, and I look forward to working with all of the great people associated with it to continue our progress.
*This letter contains references to the following non-GAAP financial measures: constant currency, adjusted net sales, adjusted net earnings and adjusted diluted EPS. As a result of the Company’s July 2014 implementation of its Strategic Modernization Initiative, approximately $178 million of accelerated orders were recorded as net sales and $82 million in net earnings, equal to approximately $.21 per diluted common share in fiscal 2014 that would have occurred in the fiscal 2015 first quarter. While these additional orders had an adverse impact on our fiscal 2015 net sales and operating results comparisons, we expect there to be corresponding favorable comparisons on our first quarter and full year fiscal 2016 net sales and operating results. Additionally, during fiscal 2015 and 2014, the Company recorded remeasurement charges of $5 million and $38 million, respectively, related to changes in Venezuelan foreign currency exchange rate mechanisms. Including the effect of these items, net sales were $10.8 billion, net earnings were $1.09 billion and diluted earnings per share were $2.82. Information about GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliation information, is included in the Financial Section of this Annual Report.
THE EST{E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 15
