 LEONARD A. LAUDER
 06
CHAIRMAN’S MESSAGE
Dear Fellow Stockholders:
In preparing this year’s annual report, I reviewed the seven reports that have been issued since The Estée Lauder Companies went public in 1995. Each annual report is a chapter in the story of this thriving Company. This year, we’ve turned a significant page in the history of the Company as we’ve
reached our highest level of sales ever.
What is the glue that binds each chapter to the next and keeps us on a successful course? I believe the secret to our success as a 57-year old Company is staying true to the clear vision that launched this Company in 1946 — to offer the finest quality products in the best stores in the world.
Mrs. Estée Lauder’s original vision — of who we are and what we stand for — has proven
to be resilient and timeless. Over the years, our Company has grown because we’ve remained true to those early core philosophies. We come into work each day with a passion to keep that vision vibrant.
DEFINING WHO WE ARE
From the beginning, we have understood what prestige means. A prestige business defines itself as much by what it doesn’t do, as by what it does. Similarly, we are defined by where we don’t advertise, as much as by where we do advertise, and by where we don’t sell, as much as by where we do sell. Throughout our history, we have refined the delicate role of being a prestige player.

A prestige company relies on consistent imagery worldwide. When we started expanding internationally in the 1960s, we observed the industry landscape and saw that our competitors looked different in every country. We made a decision then — one that we still adhere to
today — to keep a consistent image around the world. Wherever you
travel — be it to the highly competitive French market or the wonder- fully unique Asian countries — you will recognize The Estée Lauder Companies’ brands for their consistent imagery. Each product in every package reinforces our commitment to the highest quality around the world.
We are a company where style matters. Style is the intersection of fashion, design, elegance and taste. At The Estée Lauder Companies, we have a sense of style that extends to every corner of our business. You can see our distinctive sense of style in our exceptional packaging; the way our beauty advisors, consultants and makeup artists are groomed and dressed at the counter, and the fashion leadership of our newest spokes- people, international model Liya Kebede and tennis star Andre Agassi.
Another defining trait of our Company is that we are passionate. When I meet a candidate for a new position, I often ask, “Does this individual burn?” Does she burn with passion to develop the best product? Do I see passion to provide the most outstanding service? Will this person care deeply about building strong relationships and leading the best people?
Our people are passionate about being the best and leave no stone unturned in that pursuit. I am grateful that our more than 20,000 colleagues at this Company share and embrace our founder’s vision.
KNOWING WHAT WE STAND FOR
Over our 57-year history, we have developed a strong sense of what we stand for as a Company. We do not waver from our core principles or choose a “flavor-of-the-month” set of management priorities. Our loyal customers, suppliers, consumers and employees know that we stand for the highest quality, leading-edge innovation and uncompromising integrity.
Quality ingredients run through all of our products. Quality packaging surrounds the products. Quality service delivers those products to our customers and consumers. Quality is our mantra. I remember a time when an employee came to Mrs. Estée Lauder and said that we could save money by using a lesser ingredient. She responded by saying, “A woman always remembers quality.” It is the quality in our fragrance, skin care, makeup and hair care products that keeps the consumer coming back.
07
 OVER THE LAST YEAR, OUR COMPANY HAS GROWN BECAUSE WE’VE REMAINED TRUE TO THOSE EARLY CORE PHILOSOPHIES.

08
Over the years, we’ve insisted on being the best innovators and coming to the marketplace first with new ideas. Hundreds of scientists in our laboratories collaborate with researchers at universities and medical institutions around the world to find breakthroughs in dermatology, biophysics, molecular biology, immunology and chemistry.
Our research insights led to this year’s major launch of Clinique’s revolutionary and patent-pending Repairwear, which optimizes the skin’s natural repair processes while you sleep. We call the line’s three products (Repairwear Intensive Night Cream, Repairwear Intensive Night Lotion and Repairwear Extra Help Serum) the “Dream Team” — and they’ve been a dream come true for consumers and retailers alike.
At the Estée Lauder brand, our scientists triumphed by creating the brand’s most technically advanced volumizing mascara: MagnaScopic Maximum Volume Mascara. Its newly patented formula builds up the lashes, magnifying them up to four times their original thickness, with- out weight or clumping, through a unique lofting complex called Expandex and its dedicated Speed-Meter Brush. Color is intensified by 30 percent. Mascara has become enormously competitive this year with one major magazine referring to “The Mascara Wars.” With our innovation, we are emerging as a leader in the mascara business.
Our legacy in innovation — with our drive to be first to market — has given rise to a funny saying that I often hear around the industry: “Follow the Lauder.”
Integrity and a high standard of ethics have always been cornerstones of our Company. Sadly, we’ve seen many major companies falter over the last couple of years because of lapses in integrity. At The Estée Lauder Companies, we strive to keep the precious faith of our stockholders, customers, suppliers, consumers and employees by always being fair, transparent and ethical.
KEEPING OUR “FOUNDING VISION” ALIVE TODAY
Our mission is to keep that founding vision alive and vibrant today. Our traditions are reinvigorated by attract- ing and retaining the best people, taking inspiration from ideas generated all over the world and holding a leadership position in this dynamic industry.
People want to come to work for The Estée Lauder Companies, and they want to stay. I believe our retention rates far exceed the industry average. At our Company, most employees find more than a job — they find a home.
 WE DO NOT WAVER FROM OUR CORE PRINCIPLES OR CHOOSE A “FLAVOR-OF- THE-MONTH” SET OF MANAGEMENT PRIORITIES.

I know we have hired the best people when I apply my simple elevator test. Whenever I ride in the elevator at any of our office locations around the world, I pick out those people who will step off the elevator at our floor. I distinguish them by all of the qualities we’ve mentioned
here — that burning passion, that style, that desire to be the best.
In addition to our people, it is ideas that keep our vision alive.
We exchange new concepts between headquarters and the more
than 130 countries and territories where our products are sold
around the world. Both our packaging concepts and our technology
in makeup and skin care reflect the influence of global teams. In the
last year alone, I have traveled more than 200 days to make the point that we must learn from people around the world.
Finally, we define leadership in our industry. Leadership doesn’t just mean sales leadership, but thought leadership.
We have an outstanding Board of Directors to whom we look for unbiased guidance and leadership. We are particularly delighted that Rose Marie Bravo, Chief Executive of Burberry, joined us this year. Ms. Bravo herself is a leader, currently in charge of one of the world’s most prestigious brands, and is an expert at retailing, having led Saks Fifth Avenue and I. Magnin.
As we now face the future of the Company, we are certain to grow and expand globally as the world presents more opportunity. But one thing is certain — that we will evolve and grow by holding on to the original vision of Mrs. Estée Lauder to “Keep Your Own Image Straight in Your Mind,” and to “Hire the Best People.”
It is to all of these people that I now extend my thanks for persisting in their pursuit of excellence. My thanks, as well, to our stockholders, customers and consumers for continuing to believe in our vision. May our vision burn as brightly over the next 50 years as it has over the last 57 years.
Sincerely,
Leonard A. Lauder Chairman of the Board
09
 MRS. EST{E LAUDER’S ORIGINAL VISION—OF WHO WE ARE AND WHAT WE STAND FOR— HAS PROVEN TO BE RESILIENT AND TIMELESS.
 
 FRED H. LANGHAMMER
 10
CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REVIEW
Dear Fellow Stockholders:
Our Company performed very well in fiscal 2003 by continuing our 57-year tradition of uninterrupted sales growth and achieving our first $5 billion sales year in our history. We extended this remarkable streak by continuing to do what we do best: building brands, exciting customers with product innovation, evolving our
distribution around consumer shopping patterns, forging more deeply into markets around the globe, strengthening our position in our four product categories and focusing on our most important relationships.
While staying true to our core principles and strategies, we grew in many important ways over the last 12 months. Our portfolio of brands grew from 16 to 18 with the acquisitions of Darphin and the Michael Kors fragrance license. Darphin is a Paris-based skin care line that deepens our penetration in skin care, builds our position in Europe and places us in the very important independent pharmacy channel. Similarly, we have great expectations for the Michael Kors fragrances, which are inspired by a wonderfully dynamic designer. We believe the brand’s
prospects for further growth, inside and outside the United States, are strong.
As for our financial results in fiscal year 2003, we generated net sales of $5.12 billion, an 8% increase over last year. Our net earnings were $319.8 million compared with $191.9 million in fiscal 2002 and diluted earnings per common share were $1.26, compared with $.70 in the prior year. Earnings in fiscal 2002 were impacted by a restructuring charge of $76.9 million after-tax, or $.32 per share, and a one-time charge of $20.6 million, or $.08 per share, related to the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle. Earnings in fiscal year 2003 were impacted by a $13.5 million or $.06 per share after-tax charge relating to the pending settlement of an industry-wide lawsuit involving us and 20 other cosmetic companies and retailers. We determined that a settlement was in our best interest. While we did not do anything wrong, we decided to settle to allow ourselves to focus on our business and not become mired in protracted litigation.

We continued to improve in all regions and, for the first time in years, we benefited from the effect of a weaker U.S. dollar.
• In Europe, the Middle East & Africa, annual net sales increased 19% to $1.51 billion. In local currencies, sales in the region rose 8%.
• In Asia/Pacific, annual net sales rose 8% to $657.8 million, while sales in local currency grew 3%.
• In the Americas, annual net sales increased 3% to $2.95 billion.
RESULTS BY PRODUCT CATEGORY
Our motto, “Bringing the Best to Everyone We Touch,” is imbedded in each of our more than 9,000
products. As a result, these products draw new consumers to our brands while building loyalty with our 11 long-standing consumers.
• In fiscal year 2003, skin care benefited from a heightened interest in treatment products. Thanks in part to the strong launches of Estée Lauder’s Perfectionist Correcting Serum for Lines/Wrinkles and Clinique’s Repairwear Intensive Night Cream and Repairwear Intensive Night Lotion, our skin care sales were $1.89 billion, up 11% on a reported basis and 7% on a constant currency basis.
• Makeup sales continued to be a growth engine for the Company. Net sales of makeup products for the year were $1.91 billion, rising 7% on a reported basis and 4% on a constant currency basis. Both M.A.C and Bobbi Brown performed extraordinarily well during the fiscal year.
• The fragrance industry as a whole was challenged as consumers
made fewer impulse purchases given the economic environment
and the challenging market climate. Nevertheless, in fiscal 2003,
our fragrance business grew to $1.06 billion, up 4% on a reported basis, but was relatively unchanged on a constant currency basis. We continue to believe in our ability to pick the winners in this category and have four of the top ten prestige fragrances for women sold in department stores in the United States.
• Hair care continued to show growth. For fiscal year 2003, our reported hair care sales were up 6% to $228.9 million. We continue to see a vast opportunity in the estimated $4.6 billion worldwide prestige hair care and scalp treatment business. We are building our two hair care brands — Aveda and Bumble and bumble — to capitalize on this opportunity.
COMMUNICATING WITH CONSUMERS
We are incredibly fortunate to have intensely loyal consumers who are passionate about our brands. Over the last year, we reached more consumers through more diverse and interconnected communications channels than ever before. For example, the Internet has proven to be an effective and efficient way to build rapport with customers. While our e-commerce business grew 44% last year, the real Internet revolution is communi- cation via on-line media. We are reaching consumers interested in our products on-line, telling them about new launches, servicing them more extensively and inviting them to the counter.
 WE ARE ABLE TO INVEST AGGRESSIVELY IN NEW VENTURES, AS WELL AS GLOBAL EXPANSION, BECAUSE WE HAVE MANAGED OUR RESOURCES WISELY.

 12
BUILDING BRANDS
Our dialogue with consumers reminds us that our most important assets are our brands and their credibility. We continuously find that consumers want to do more than buy a brand; they want to associate with a brand’s values.
Each of our 18 brands has built a compelling brand proposition through which it creates and maintains mean- ingful relationships with our consumers. For example, in our biggest brands this year, we’ve seen the Estée Lauder brand redefine the notion of contemporary beauty with outstanding products, appealing packaging and a trio of glamorous spokesmodels. Meanwhile, our colleagues at Clinique reinforced their leadership position in skin care, remaining true to their dermatological heritage. As consumers fight the aging effects of sun, stress and pollution, Clinique rightfully captures the market for
high-performance skin care.
Communicating these propositions is critical, and it is a point of pride
that we did not retreat from our advertising and promotion commit- ments during this period of slower growth. In fact, we saw this as an opportunity to build brand equity and capture greater market share. Accordingly, we have been aggressive in our advertising and promotion
spending, raising it to $1.43 billion from $1.33 billion in the previous year.
Beyond our current brands, we will continue to be opportunistic in our acquisitions. We will look for brands that strategically enhance our portfolio and meet our high standards. We endeavor to be the best company, not the biggest.
STRENGTHENING DISTRIBUTION
Integral to being the best company is utilizing a distribution system that is modern, efficient and appealing to customers. We have always been committed to being in the finest stores in the world. Our relationships with retailers have never been stronger.
Additionally, we conduct a tremendous amount of business through retailers at airports and other travel venues around the world. Even during a year when many people were deferring their travel, our travel retail division delivered strong sales growth.
INTERNATIONAL EXPANSION
We still have a significant opportunity to grow in countries outside the United States. There is a long list of countries that have welcomed our brands — both the established and newer lines — over the last year. In fiscal year 2003, we launched Stila in Greece, Spain and Singapore, and M.A.C products are now sold in Brazil.
In emerging markets, Russia and China present an enormous opportunity for us to reach new consumers who are eager to enjoy the benefits of prestige cosmetics. To take full advantage of the opportunity in China, we will be moving our Asia regional headquarters to Shanghai in the coming year. In Moscow, we are establishing our own affiliate for Russia to serve this fast-growing market.
WE ARE INCREDIBLY FORTUNATE TO HAVE INTENSELY LOYAL CONSUMERS WHO ARE PASSIONATE ABOUT OUR BRANDS.

With ten more countries from Central Europe joining the European Union, we see big opportunities for growth and efficiencies as Pan-European synergies unfold.
PRODUCT INNOVATION
New products are still the lifeblood of this business. Our Research and Development team provides an important competitive asset. This year we launched more than 315 new products, many with groundbreaking results. In particular, we reinforced our strength in skin care, positioned ourselves as innovators in the highly competitive mascara arena and made great strides in hair and scalp care.
PERFORMANCE IMPROVEMENTS
We are able to invest aggressively in new ventures, as well as global expansion, because we have managed
our resources wisely. Last year, cost savings from our Global Operations Group helped achieve goals and 13 fuel profitability. Additional savings were gained through ongoing globalization efforts. Cost of goods as
a percentage of net sales improved 70 basis points over last year and speed-to-market improved dramatically.
FOCUSING ON EMPLOYEES
Once again, the creativity, passion and drive of our employees was a source of inspiration. From the challenges of geo-political unrest to the threat of SARS, our employees remained shining examples of composure, commitment and good humor.
I am especially delighted that in January, William P. Lauder became our Chief Operating Officer. William and I agree that the development and growth of our people is a top priority. He will lead the effort to improve our training programs and evaluation methods to ensure we attract and retain the very best people. In addition to leading the Human Resources function, William’s responsibilities as COO include the Inter- national Division, Operations and our Specialty Brands.
THE FUTURE
Throughout this letter, I have expressed themes you’ve heard before. However, we firmly believe good strategies never go out of fashion. Our core competencies reinforce a sound strategy, build strong relation- ships over time and inspire our more than 20,000 colleagues globally.
Though we are steadfast in our strategy and core values, we are open to new ideas, new people and new ways of looking at the world. One of the great strengths of The Estée Lauder Companies is our ability to combine trends with traditions.
I want to thank our Chairman, Leonard Lauder, and the entire Board of Directors for guiding us through another successful, productive and profitable year.
Sincerely,
Fred H. Langhammer
President and Chief Executive Officer
 