 4

 “From our most seasoned leaders to our newest hires, our employees are our greatest assets. Their many talents and diverse experiences are important to our Company’s success.”
WILLIAM P. LAUDER
Executive Chairman
Dear Fellow Stockholders,
Our strong performance in fiscal 2016 reflects the wonderful execution of our strategy by our best-in-class global team. Thanks to the hard work of our exceptionally talented people around the world, we continue to strengthen our position as The Global House of Prestige Beauty, delivering superior products and experiences to our consumers.
Our Company operates in a dynamic global landscape, where the barriers and pathways to success are constantly changing. Under the extraordinary leadership of our President and Chief Executive Officer Fabrizio Freda, and with the counsel of our Board of Directors, we have persevered through uncertainty to generate impressive annual performance, while positioning ourselves for profitable growth over the long-term. Today, we are deploying resources to expand our leadership in the digital world and building additional capabilities that will be essential to our future.
Time and again, we have demonstrated our ability to create new avenues of growth through strategic investments in and acquisitions of entrepreneurial brands. In fiscal 2016, we made a minority investment in South Korean skin care brand Dr. Jart+, which embodies Korea’s reputation as a driver of industry innovation. Later in the year, we acquired the prestige fragrance brand By Kilian, further enhancing our presence in the exciting, high-growth fragrance category. With our brand-building expertise, we are eager to transform these visionary, high-potential businesses into iconic global leaders, just as we have done for M·A·C, Jo Malone London and many other brands in our prestige portfolio.
5

6
Our world-class talent and leadership pioneered innovative concepts to reach our longtime consumers while expanding to new demographic audiences. For instance, The Estée Edit collection launched this year and is available exclusively at Sephora stores in North America and on sephora.com, as well as in Selfridges stores in the United Kingdom. The collection targets Millennial consumers through social media campaigns featuring Kendall Jenner and Irene Kim. Additionally, Clinique created The Wink, a uniquely designed and shoppable online beauty platform that features engaging lifestyle pieces inspired by the people, places and products of the beloved Clinique brand.
Among our Company’s greatest strengths is our unwavering commitment to building and growing the capabilities required for lasting success. This year, we announced Leading Beauty Forward, a multi-year initiative that will help us channel our resources to areas that will fuel our sustained growth; adopt new ways of doing business to further accelerate the speed and efficiency with which we create and respond to global trends; and provide our people with enhanced opportunities and tools to both advance our business while advancing their own development.
From our most seasoned leaders to our newest hires, our employees are our greatest assets. Their many talents and diverse experiences are important to our Company’s success, and their collective passion continues to cultivate and drive the elements that make our Company truly unique.
For example, our new United Kingdom and Ireland headquarters, which opened in London in February 2016, was designed in collaboration with colleagues from across our brands and functions to exemplify a modern office environment, with beautifully styled collaborative spaces and efficient amenities. Thanks in part to this people-first approach, The Estée Lauder Companies continues to be recognized as a destination for top talent around the world. In the United States, our Company was named to LinkedIn’s “Top Attractors List” as a most sought after employer; in Australia and New Zealand, the Company was recognized with one of the “2016 AON Best Employer Awards;” and in the Middle East, we were recognized as a “Top Company to Work for in the UAE” by the Great Place to Work Institute.
With more than 46,000 employees in markets across the world, we are intent on hiring and retaining a workforce that reflects the global populations we serve. We identify and develop compelling, qualified employees from diverse backgrounds and cultivate an inclusive

environment in which everyone can thrive. The vast range of voices and viewpoints throughout our Company drive our creativity and, ultimately, our success. By strongly investing in our people, we have built a remarkable team and are cultivating the next generation of diverse and talented leadership.
As a global company, we recognize that we are part of a global community. This was never more apparent than in this past year during which our people and our business exhibited tremendous resilience in the face of challenging and difficult circumstances, such as global terror attacks and economic instability. I am proud of our employees’ continued compassion amid these difficult times.
We are continuously looking at how we can better serve the communities that touch our employees and our business. This year, we evolved the structure of our corporate citizenship and sustainability groups to form a combined office that reports directly to both Fabrizio Freda and me so that we can better connect our business priorities with our values.
From our efforts through the M·A·C AIDS Fund to Aveda’s environmentally conscious Earth Month program to Bobbi Brown’s Pretty Powerful Campaign and to our Company’s longtime commitment to The Breast Cancer Awareness Campaign, we have long been involved in areas where we can have meaningful impact. This year, Aveda celebrated 10 years of protecting clean water in over 20 countries, The BCA Campaign raised over $6 million to support breast cancer research, education and medical services, and 3,000 of our global employees volunteered through our Worlds AIDS Day Global Volunteer Initiative in support of the M·A·C AIDS Fund.
Increasingly, we are looking at opportunities to focus our efforts in areas where we can have the greatest long-term impact and resonance with our business, our consumers and our communities. Many of these opportunities are within our sustainability initiatives, where thoughtful management of the economic, environmental and social impacts throughout our entire value chain is important to our long-term success. We look forward to strengthening our efforts to positively contribute solutions to some of our global sustainability challenges.
Thanks to the hard work and dedication of our global employees, the outstanding leadership of our teams and our drive to take on each challenge as an opportunity, we are well-positioned to continue delivering exceptional value for our stockholders. I’d like to extend my thanks to all of our people and to you, our stockholders, for your support.
William P. Lauder Executive Chairman
 7
