Letter to Stockholders

Richard J. Egan and Michael C. Ruettgers

To Our Stockholders:

In 1997, our global customers dramatically increased their reliance on the revolutionary

benefits of the systems, solutions, and services we call EMC Enterprise Storage. Our customers' businesses are diverse but their goals are similar: to beat the competition by getting their arms around all of their critical information--no matter where it was created or in what form. EMC is one of the few IT solutions providers in the world that can help them do this successfully. And we are the only company that can help them do it through enterprise storage. Because of EMC Enterprise Storage, our customers are getting more value from their information than ever before: delivering products faster, increasing profitability, and inspiring customer loyalty. We call this "The EMC Effect." This unprecedented impact led to the continuation of our company's string of record-breaking performances in 1997. Revenues for the year totaled $2.94 billion, an increase of 29 percent over 1996. Net income for the year was $539 million or

EMC in 1997: The Year in Review
First Quarter
EMC now the leader in worldwide external UNIX storage market (IDC) EMC introduces new generation of Symmetrix systems Sequent to resell EMC Enterprise Storage EMC establishes first direct sales presence in Latin America EMC introduces Web Site Management Service
EMC Symmetrix Enterprise Storage Systems
®

EMC ranked 16th on Business Week 50 list of top corporate performers In a landmark offering, EMC issues 31/4 percent convertible subordinated notes due 2002

$1.04 per share on a diluted basis, 39 percent and 32 percent higher, respectively, than the previous year. It was also a year of increasing market share and a widening of the technology gap between EMC and our competitors, generally estimated by industry experts to be two years. The calendar was studded with product introductions, starting in January 1997 with the launch of a new generation of EMC Symmetrix Enterprise Storage systems and the unfolding of one of the IT industry's most successful product transitions ever. These systems were accompanied by several new intelligent software solutions. Our portfolio of software for information sharing, management, and protection enhanced EMC's already significant market differentiation. Our software revenues have grown to $177 million in three years, an indication that EMC is now one of the world's fastest-growing major software companies. The IT industry includes a select number of leaders who create new markets and help customers improve on traditional business models. These companies have the market share, technology differentiation, expertise, brand recognition, and vision to lead others in their category (be it processors, networks, applications, operating systems, or storage). They change fundamental beliefs about what technology can achieve. EMC has emerged as one such leader because corporations are building their businesses around information. Such a strategy requires information to be consolidated--literally grasped by a corporation--and then protected, managed, and shared. This puts EMC in the position of helping the customer build an infrastructure for the management of information. Storage becomes strategic. New ways of capitalizing on information are born. The EMC Effect becomes pervasive. EMC Enterprise Storage operates at the heart of our customers' business operations. All types of computers may connect to it simultaneously, a proven capability still unmatched almost three years after its introduction. Information in all forms may be accessed through it. Now that EMC can consolidate this information, customers are looking to enterprise storage to create an

Second Quarter
Siemens Nixdorf to resell EMC Enterprise Storage EMC announces DataReachTM information sharing software, alliance with BMC Software Introduction of EMC TimeFinderTM software for continuous business operations HP, EMC's largest reseller, passes $500 million revenue mark of EMC Enterprise Storage after 20 months

integrated view of all corporate data regardless of the underlying technology. Customers call this "information sharing." Software solutions such as EMC InfoMoverTM and DataReach make this possible by putting EMC at the center to handle the information transactions needed to share hundreds of gigabytes, even terabytes, of data among disparate computers. Just as EMC gave new life to the mainframe, we are now helping customers use their networks more efficiently by assuming these information sharing responsibilities. Another new software product called EMC TimeFinder lets customers use multiple copies of the same data to run different applications at the same time--an indispensible tool for Year 2000 testing. Introduced in April 1997, TimeFinder is already installed at 1,000 locations. This year we installed our 2,000th implementation of Symmetrix Remote Data Facility (SRDFTM), the world's most popular storage-based business continuance software product. This expanding software solution portfolio sets us apart from all other storage providers and gives tremendous value to our customers. Some large server companies are positioning themselves as "suppliers to the enterprise" without offering their customers a viable, commercially successful enterprise storage system. These vendors sell commodity storage of lesser value that typically supports only their own servers, which isolates information. But half of the world's major server vendors have concluded that flexible, open EMC Enterprise Storage is the best solution for customers: Hewlett-Packard Company, Siemens Nixdorf Informationssysteme AG, Sequent Computer Systems, Inc., Silicon Graphics, Inc., NCR Corporation, Compagnie des Machines Bull S.A., and Unisys Corporation all resell EMC systems as their preferred enterprise storage solution. We highly value these partnerships, along with relationships we have with software leaders such as Microsoft Corporation, SAP AG, BMC Software, Oracle Corporation, and other enterprise applications providers. The enterprise storage market--the addressable market for consolidated storage--represented a $10 billion opportunity in 1997. According to Dataquest, EMC is both the largest and fastest-growing player in this market with about 27 percent market share worldwide. We expect this market to grow rapidly to about $35 billion in 2001, encompassing more and more software, services, and new capabilities. Some industry analysts continue to measure the market in segments

Third Quarter
EMC signs joint technology agreement with enterprise applications leader SAP EMC announces plan to more than double manufacturing capacity in U.S. and Europe EMC announces EDMTM Symmetrix Connect for centralized, high performance enterprise storage backup and restore

EMC Data Manager

according to operating systems. For the first time, in 1997 EMC shipped more storage into the open systems market than into the mainframe sector, even as our worldwide share of shipped mainframe capacity grew to 50 percent, according to Meta Group. We nearly doubled our revenue from open systems storage, from $758 million in 1996 to $1.47 billion. In 1997, EMC grew faster than any other supplier in open storage and lengthened our market share lead. As pleased as we are with our 1997 results, we are too busy to rest on our laurels. We are working to enhance our lead in the expanding storage universe, a market soon to be seven times larger than the one we entered in 1990. With a 1998 goal of growing revenue and profits by better than 30 percent, we are one of the few major IT companies expecting continued strong growth. We aim to increase international sales to 46 percent of total revenues. Increasing customer demand for our software solutions will help us drive software revenues toward our goal of $400 million in 1998. Growth of this magnitude will increase our market share yet again. Similarly, we are working to communicate the growing power of our brand for increased awareness of EMC as a major player. We believe that by sustaining our flow of new products we can extend our market differentiation. Along the way, we will strive to ensure that "The EMC Effect" delivers stunning results for customers and increasing value to our stockholders.

Richard J. Egan Chairman of the Board

Michael C. Ruettgers President and Chief Executive Officer

Fourth Quarter
EMC announces 2-for-1 stock split EMC becomes first to surpass shipment of a petabyte of multi-platform enterprise storage EMC delivers world's first multi-platform storage systems with Fibre Channel EMC named HP's first 99.95 percent data center-class uptime partner EMC ships 2,000th Symmetrix Remote Data Facility software license, launches SRDF FarPointTM EMC becomes the first storage company selected for "Database Dozen" list of companies defining the database industry by Database Programming and Design Magazine Record quarterly sales and earnings contribute to strongest year yet--sales increase 29 percent to record $2.94 billion in 1997, net income up 39 percent to $539 million, software revenues up 131 percent to $177 million

