T

o our shareholders

2013 was a transformational year for our Company. In thinking about our Company over a longer period of time, we went from a commercially focused electrical and mechanical contractor with earnings concentrated in the US Northeast and California and struggling international operations to a national US mechanical and electrical contractor with a wide range of capabilities and a leading US provider of Building and Industrial Services that serves a broad array of customers and industries. Our Electrical and Mechanical Construction businesses are the foundation upon which EMCOR has been built. Although many different capabilities have been added to these businesses, we remain in the specialty electrical and mechanical construction businesses helping our customers build things. The more complex the building challenge, the better, because the demands inherent in creating highly sophisticated structures showcase our expertise and allow us to earn better returns and serve our customers in a unique way. From data centers to large acute-care hospitals, manufacturing plants to food processing plants, from complex mechanical room and systems retrofits to less complex commercial office building construction, our construction leadership focuses on delivering projects on-time and on-budget. Today, we also have a market-leading building services business. We have worked to build this business over the past 10 years. We are now at scale and serve customers' needs in three primary areas. The first is Mechanical Services, performing energy retrofit work, small project building upgrades, break-fix technician work, and a range of building controls services. The next area is Commercial Site-Based Services. With our acquisition of USM in 2011, we achieved scale in the commercial site-based business. Today, we do everything from performing mission critical facilities maintenance and management services at thousands of sites around the country, to managing a vendor base for thousands of sites for retailers ­ providing services ranging from landscaping to snow removal and from cleaning to HVAC maintenance and repair, plumbing and electrical repairs. Our people maintain some of the most sophisticated facilities, and we serve some of the most demanding defense, aerospace, commercial, retail, manufacturing

All photos submitted by EMCOR employees via EMCORnation.com.

Our significant growth in Industrial Services... is another chapter in successfully using organic growth coupled with prudent acquisitions to build a successful market leading business.
and utility clients across the country and in the United Kingdom. The third area within EMCOR Building Services is EMCOR Government Services. We built our government services business from a relatively small business acquired 10 years ago into a market leading government facility and infrastructure services business. In the government market, we provide a range of services from more routine building support and maintenance to critical infrastructure maintenance for customers ranging from the United States Departments of Defense, Homeland Security, and State to the NSA and GSA. We expect EMCOR Building Services to continue to expand its operating margins as we gain the cost and cross selling benefits associated with being a market leader. We serve a wide breadth of building services customers and their needs and will continue to drive cost efficiency for our customers and our business. Our significant growth in Industrial Services, which is focused on the downstream oil, gas and petrochemical industries, is another chapter in successfully using organic growth coupled with prudent acquisitions to build a successful market leading business. This strategy began in earnest with our acquisition of Ohmstede in 2007. We followed our Ohmstede acquisition, which was our largest acquisition to date, with the early 2008 acquisition of Redman Equipment & Manufacturing Company, another heat exchanger services provider. In mid-2013, we cemented our position as a leader in this market with the acquisition of RepconStrickland. We are excited about the prospects that our large industrial presence provides as early customer and employee reactions to our RepconStrickland acquisition have been favorable. We serve our refinery and petrochemical customers with broad product offerings and have the technical labor, supervision and field engineering required to meet the needs of our downstream oil and gas customers. Restructuring and rationalizing our operations have also been an important part of our long-term improvement. Our latest initiative has been the withdrawal from the UK Construction market. This restructuring has led to a significant transformation of our UK operations because our UK Construction business produced inconsistent returns. Our exit from the UK Construction business will be completed this year. In the UK Construction business, we had qualified people trying to do a good job to support our construction business, which was not at scale, but the dynamics of the market did not bode well for the future. Our UK operations should now be a steady, growing performer, with a $300 to $350 million revenue building services business making consistent profit. It is the UK version of our US Building Services business.

We have the best workforce in the business because they are well led and receive excellent technical training. We are laser-focused on their safety.
Today, we are a vastly different company than we were only eight years ago. We have grown from a strong base of electrical and mechanical construction businesses into a broad based provider of specialty construction, building maintenance and services, and industrial services and maintenance. Going forward, we envision EMCOR as a U.S.-centric company with four scale businesses that can grow both organically and through careful and strategic acquisitions. Although we are different, many of our intangibles remain the same and this foundation has become stronger and more ingrained. We have excellent management at all levels and they are more aligned with our goals and more focused than ever. Successful leaders like to work for us because we treat them with respect and have a high regard for and understanding of their in-depth technical, business and market knowledge and skills. We have some of the best, brightest and most trusted leaders in the industries in which we compete. We have invested significant time and resources over the last five years in leadership training to develop our senior leaders' skills. We not only hone their technical and business acumen, but we also train our people to lead well. We expect them to be leaders of character and competence. We want them to have the confidence to make difficult, factbased decisions and to treat their people with the respect that they deserve. Our success is also rooted in our technicians and highly skilled trades and craft people. We have the best workforce in the business because they are well led and receive excellent technical training. We are laserfocused on their safety. We have industry leading safety performance and we strive for zero accidents. Over the last 10 years we have had a four-fold improvement in our safety metrics. We believe that our safety program helps to make us an employer of choice and helps drive our success. In these challenging times where slow macroeconomic growth is the new normal, we accept that challenge and believe we will continue to prosper in that environment. We are positioned with great businesses that are market leaders. We have an experienced team that has and will continue to drive these businesses to long-term success.

Anthony J. Guzzi President & CEO

