To Our Shareholders, We had a record setting 2016 at EMCOR and generated our highest levels of revenue, operating profit, and earnings per share in our history. We had record revenues of $7.55 billion and earned $3.09 per diluted share from continuing operations on an adjusted basis. Cash flow from operations was strong at $265 million.

Overall, we grew revenues by 12.4% with almost 70% of that organic growth driven primarily by our Electrical Construction, Mechanical Construction and Industrial Services Segments. Our Electrical and Mechanical Construction Segments grew combined revenues 18.6% overall and had over 13.1% organic growth. Our Industrial Services Segment had 15.8% revenue growth, all of it organic. Our Building Services Segment had 3% revenue growth driven primarily through a successful tuck-in acquisition in our Mechanical Services

1.06
SAFETY

business. The U.K. had negative revenue growth driven primarily by foreign currency translation post-Brexit. We had an aggregate operating income margin of almost 4.2% on an adjusted basis. Overall, we had much more go right than wrong at EMCOR in 2016. Our Electrical Construction Segment has a strong underlying business and strong growth prospects in front of it. We built backlog in 2016 despite significant organic revenue growth. We executed

LOWEST

Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR) in EMCOR's History***

***The TRIR shows the injuries per 100 workers based on working 40 hours per week for 50 weeks.

well across our portfolio on some demanding work across the commercial, transportation, manufacturing, healthcare, and institutional market sectors. We had exceptional revenue growth in our Mechanical Construction Segment and strong execution across almost all of our contracts and projects. We delivered well across the majority of our end markets with particularly strong execution in the commercial, hospitality, manufacturing, and the water/wastewater market sectors. We executed well across all of our mechanical trades and delivered strong results across all our geographies. We have been and are currently executing some of the largest food processing work in the country. Our Building Services Segment had a good year led by very strong execution and performance in our Mechanical Services business. In particular, this business performed well in its service and repair activities and in its execution of retrofit projects where in many cases we were able to deliver energy savings to our customers. We held steady in our

Commercial and Government Site-Based service businesses leveraging our nationwide footprint to provide vendor managed solutions for interior and exterior services. Our Industrial Services Segment had a stellar year in 2016 despite continued significant headwinds in our shop business. Shop heat exchanger services have historically been one of the most profitable revenue streams for EMCOR; however, our backlog and operating profit are down over 50% with a corresponding reduction in revenues over the last two years as a result of the deferred maintenance and reduced capital spending by integrated oil companies. Despite this reduction, we still grew revenues by 15.8% and operating profit by 37.9%, as we executed well across our field services businesses especially in specialty services. In 2016, we completed some of the largest turnarounds that we have ever executed. On these large projects, we were able to quickly mobilize over 1,000 highly skilled tradespeople along with the corresponding project management. Many of our competitors could not have executed such fast-track work which requires extraordinary supervision, labor management, and financial resources to mobilize and manage. We can do this at EMCOR because our scale allows us to quickly and efficiently react to our customers' needs. We like our position in these markets and have been able to service our refinery customers well while building a very strong petrochemical services business since the acquisition of RepconStrickland in 2013. Our U.K. segment has stabilized providing three straight years of solid contribution to our results. Our 2013 restructuring worked, and the U.K. is ready to grow in a measured way. Case in point, we have added some solid maintenance contract wins over the past year.

6

EMCOR has done work for

OF THE

U.S. FOOD PROCESSING AND BEVERAGE COMPANIES

TOP TEN

EMCOR has a solid foundation for growth and success. We expect the non-residential market to continue to grow for the foreseeable future. We expect our strong position in the refinery and petrochemical markets to continue to provide opportunities for success. With our acquisition of Ardent and Rabalais last spring, we acquired an option in the midstream and upstream refining segments. We are seeing some stirring of project activity and an interesting anecdote is that prior to the election, our customers in the midstream market had told us that they were talking to their lawyers about whether or not to complete pipeline projects; now, after the election, they are reengaging contractors and engineers to discuss how they can accelerate such projects. Although rig counts are up, drillers are largely focused on places that have the electrical infrastructure to drill in place. The next round of increases should occur in areas that will need new infrastructure and create additional demand for our services. Further, we expect our solid foundation in maintenance, energy retrofit and technician based services to continue to bring us steady performance in our U.K. and domestic Building Services Segment. As far as the deployment of our capital, we will continue to invest in the organic growth of our business first, look for strategic acquisitions across our portfolio and will return cash to our shareholders through dividends and buybacks. With respect to acquisitions, we would seek to enhance all of our United States segments-- from establishing a new geography or capability in our Mechanical and Electrical Construction segments, a new geography or increased presence for our Mechanical Services business

within our U.S. Building Services segment or additional services or capabilities to broaden our Industrial Services portfolio. Underlying our strong performance is our relentless focus on project execution and safety, and our commitment to our values. At EMCOR, we believe we must strive everyday to create a zero injury environment and culture, where we cultivate the mindset that every detail matters and every task must be appropriately planned and executed. This commitment was exemplified in 2016 when EMCOR worked more hours than in any other year--hours increased 15%--yet we achieved our lowest rate of injury ever. In spite of this industry leading performance, we are not yet satisfied. We always strive to develop and execute our actions with safety at the forefront. We never compromise on safety, training or on making smart investments in the tools and methods to do the job right. We start 2017 from a position of strength. We believe we have the best leadership in our markets. These leaders are driven by a simple set of values of "Mission First, People Always." Following our record performance in 2016, we look forward to continuing to deliver value to you, our shareholders, for many years to come.

KEY ACQUISTION:

PROCESS CONTROLS FOR MIDSTREAM OIL AND GAS MARKETS

Anthony J. Guzzi, President and CEO

