To Our Shareholders:
By any measure, 2002 was a difficult year. Capital equipment spending was down as a result of continuing weakness in the overall economy. This weakness has been especially pronounced in our target markets, especially telecommunications, which has been in a "full-blown industrial depression" according to Business Week. In response to these economic conditions, EMCORE has committed to reducing our overall cost structure by focusing on lowering the breakeven points for each of our product lines, while keeping our technology base at the forefront of our industry. Toward this end, we have implemented a restructuring program, involving the realignment of all engineering, manufacturing and sales/marketing operations, as well as workforce reductions. We also essentially eliminated all outside contractor and temporary employees and significantly reduced overall expenditures for materials, software and capital assets. Third, we implemented a program to focus research and development efforts on projects that can be expected to generate returns within one year, thereby reducing overall research and development costs without jeopardizing future revenue opportunities. Lastly, we have repurchased $13.3 million of our 5% convertible subordinated notes for $6.4 million. These combined actions should result in a cost reduction of approximately $6.0 million to $8.0 million per quarter going forward, which should enable us to achieve our goal of having positive cash flow from operations by the end of fiscal 2003. With approximately $71.1 million of cash and cash equivalents on hand at December 31, a reduced debt load, an industry-leading product line, and exciting new products in the pipeline, we are well positioned to take advantage of any upturn in the industry.
Achievements in the face of adversity

TurboDiscTM Although overall demand for MOVCD systems did not reach Fiscal 2001 levels, we believe our market share has recently increased as a result of aggressive market penetration of new and higher-end products. For example, EMCORE continued its standing as the world leader in GaN production platforms, introducing the E300 GaNzillaTM, the most powerful tool available for the production of high brightness blue and green LEDs. The GaNzilla offers the highest throughput in the industry for the growth of GaN materials. In addition, in June 2002, EMCORE received one of Infineon Fiber Optics' "Top Supplier" awards, recognizing EMCORE's superior quality, technology, costs, logistics and management commitment. Moreover, the outlook for Fiscal 2003 is promising given increasing demand for our customers' LED and consumer electronics applications. PhotoVoltaics Fiscal 2002 was a very exciting year for EMCORE PhotoVoltaics. In March 2002, EMCORE acquired the Applied Solar Division of Tecstar. With the Tecstar acquisition, we have fully integrated the production of solar panels using EMCORE solar cells. The Tecstar acquisition has augmented our capability to penetrate the satellite communications sector and enables us to provide satellite manufacturers with proven integrated satellite power solutions that considerably improve satellite economics. Satellite manufacturers and solar array integrators can now rely on EMCORE as a single supply source that meets all of their satellite power needs. We are currently completing the process of qualifying EMCORE advanced solar cells with Tecstar's proven solar panel processes for LEO and GEO orbits. The combination of Tecstar's demonstrated success with well-known space programs and EMCORE's industry-leading solar cell technology should enable us to dramatically improve satellite economics. With well-established partnerships with major satellite manufacturers and a proven qualification process, we expect to play an important role in the evolution of telecommunications and data communications around the world.

Despite the challenges we faced in fiscal 2002, we had remarkable achievements across all of our product lines, both in terms of market penetration and in introducing new products.

With regard to satellite launches, in August 2002 EchoStar VIII was successfully launched into orbit. EchoStar VIII is the first high-power geosynchronous satellite to be powered by EMCORE high-efficiency solar cells. Optical Devices and Components. In July 2002, EMCORE received a prestigious R&D 100 award in a competition sponsored by R&D Magazine. The award was in recognition of EMCORE's achievements, working with Sandia National Laboratories, in the area of advanced fiber optic module development work, specifically the MTR8500 Very Short Reach (VSR) OC-192 Parallel Array Transponder. The MTR 8500 was the first commercially available 300-pin transponder compliant with the Optical Internetworking Forum's VSR-1 Implementation Agreement. EMCORE has subsequently released a 10 Gbps small form factor transponder that provides all the functionality of EMCORE's original transponder at half the size. In addition, in March 2002, EMCORE announced the release of its first 10Gbps Serial TOSA (Transmitter Optical Subassembly) and ROSA (Receiver Optical Subassembly) for short-reach OC-192 data and telecommunications applications. These products combine EMCORE's VCSEL technology with an optical receptacle in a fully matched set. Their small footprint offers transceiver manufacturers easy integration into existing and new fiber optic modules. HB LEDs and Electronic Materials and Devices. In July 2002, EMCORE received a patent for our breakthrough invention of a separation technique for materials grown on sapphire substrates. This new technique uses a laser to cleanly cut the processed wafer into thousands of individual devices. This technique is much more efficient than traditional scribe and-break techniques, and is particularly useful in the processing of high-brightness LEDs, yielding 25%-35% more usable LEDs in most cases.

With regard to RF materials, InGaP remains dominant for both CDMA and TDMA. In addition, many of our customers are seeking to use InGaP for GSM, which if successful, could dramatically reduce handset manufacturing costs. We also received a $4 million contract from DARPA (Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency) to develop wide-bandgap semiconductor-based high power, high frequency electronics for use in military applications. Finally, GELcore, our joint venture with General Electric, experienced another strong year, with revenues coming both from its existing traffic signal business and from new areas, including channel letters and interior displays and backlighting for automotive applications. We are very grateful to our employees and shareholders for their continued support. We believe EMCORE will emerge from this downturn as a leader in the next generation of global telecommunications.

Sincerely yours,

Reuben F. Richards, Jr.
Chief Executive Officer

Thomas J. Russell, Ph.D
Chairman of the Board

