TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
Fiscal 2005 was a successful and productive growth year for EMCORE.

W

e significantly exceeded our revenue objectives, expanding the business by more than 37% over last year. We also continued our efforts to streamline operations and focus on bottom-line profitability. As a result, we attained our goal of dramatically improving gross margins, and achieved positive cash flows from operations in the September 30 fiscal quarter. We expect these growth trends to continue in Fiscal 2006, as accelerating demand for our products has increased year-end sales backlog by 40% to over $40 million. Through the careful combination of profitable growth, selective acquisitions, and effective cost management, we expect to continue the positive trends of Fiscal 2005.

fiber products, and launched our next-generation FTTP triplexer product. We also won several major satellite programs, and increased our 3G wireless and base station materials sales by over 50%. In September 2005, we entered into a $20 million Non-Recourse Receivables Purchase Agreement, and in November 2005, we exchanged $14.4 million (or 91%) of our remaining May 2006 Convertible Notes for $16.6 million of newly issued May 2011 Convertible Notes. These transactions preserve our cash reserves for other productive uses and improve our cash management. Strategic Goals for Fiscal 2006 Our primary objectives for the coming year are: to achieve positive operating income by the middle of Fiscal 2006 and positive net income by the end of Fiscal 2006; to extend our satellite photovoltaics technology to terrestrial solar power markets; to continue our successful growth in digital fiber optics products and technologies; and to expand our defense and government markets activities across all operating segments. We are operationally focused on driving profitable revenue growth based on our existing product lines, developing or acquiring nextgeneration technologies and high-margin products for our strategic markets, and continuing our business optimization efforts to manage costs and enhance productivity. While achieving 20-30% annual top-line growth, we will target reductions of over $10 million in COGS through material cost reductions, overseas contract manufacturing labor, and product design improvements. We are well positioned in each of our core product markets, and foresee continued improvement in fundamentals across all segments. Our success will be recognized by enhancing product margins and maintaining operational discipline during this strong expansion period. Sincerely yours,

Enabling Communications At Every Level EMCORE's leading-edge technologies enable video, voice, and data communications over every modern transmission modality: copper, hybrid fiber/coax (HFC), fiber, satellite, and wireless. By leveraging our broad compound semiconductor expertise to provide cost-effective components and subsystems, we are focused on six key markets: I High-speed Fiber Optics for Telephony and Internet Networks I High-speed Fiber Optics for Large Enterprise Data Communications, Super Computing, and Storage Area Networks I Next-generation Cable TV and Fiber-to-the-Premise "Triple Play" Networks I Satellite Communications, in Space and on the Ground I Advanced Transistors and Amplifiers Used in High-Bandwidth Wireless Communications Systems, such as WiMAX and Wi-Fi Internet access and 3G mobile handsets and PDA devices I Solid State Lighting for Specialty and Commercial Illumination Through our GELcore joint venture, EMCORE also plays a vital role in providing next-generation High-Brightness LED products and solutions to the general and specialty illumination markets. Fiscal 2005 Financial Results and Other Major Events EMCORE's consolidated revenues in Fiscal 2005 were $127.6 million, an increase of 37% over the prior year. Gross profit increased to $20.9 million in Fiscal 2005, an 8 percentage point improvement over Fiscal 2004. And our cash and marketable securities as of September 30 was $40.2 million, increasing $4 million in the fourth quarter. Given a strong emphasis on cost controls and operational efficiencies, we were able to reduce operating expenses as a percentage of revenue to 33% in Fiscal 2005 (down from 49% in Fiscal 2004 and 64% in Fiscal 2003). Indeed, such expenses declined on a real basis by nearly $3 million over the prior year. Looking across the Company, we continued our leadership of the 10G Ethernet space, acquired JDSU's CATV business and privately-held Phasebridge to expand our premier positions in CATV and Specialty

Thomas Russell, Ph.D Chairman

Reuben F. Richards, Jr. CEO and President

