TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
In a year that was challenging for many technology companies because of recent economic shifts and saturated markets, EMCORE's fiscal 2001 was highlighted by several achievements. We accomplished a third consecutive year of record revenues, received two awards for our technological innovation and leadership, and introduced a new family of optical networking products. Our revenues of $185 million, an increase of nearly 80% over fiscal 2000, marked a significant accomplishment during a year beleaguered by economic uncertainty and turbulence. This continued success is directly attributable to the strength of our technology and diversity of our product segments, which enables us to successfully navigate through challenging times and market conditions. which received the award from a field of 2,400 entries, have proven themselves as a cost-effective and reliable way to provide high-speed optical interconnects between switches routing Internet and electronic data. We continue to design and develop materials and devices that are critically enabling components for our customers to achieve technical innovation and success. In March, EMCORE was the first company in the industry to manufacture in high volumes VCSEL-based optical devices operating at an unprecedented speed of 10 Gbps, demonstrating that our technology will continue to drive performance characteristics of optical components and modules. In addition, we expanded our 10 Gbps product offerings in July by developing a gallium arsenide photodetector to provide a matched solution for transmit and receive functionality.

Enabling Our Customers' Success With Innovative Technology
Throughout fiscal 2001, EMCORE continued to demonstrate its capability to drive the success of its customers by offering new technologies that are the catalyst for advancements in data communications, telecommunications and satellite communications, as well as solid state lighting. Our product developments during the year typify EMCORE's ability to anticipate future trends in the industry, while addressing the needs of today. In August, EMCORE announced the commercial production of its new high-speed, costeffective 12 x 1.25 Gbps parallel optical array transmitter/receiver (transceiver) modules to significantly improve data throughput capability; and in October we announced the commercial availability of a new 300 pin MSA (multi-source agreement) compliant transponder module to provide very short reach interconnections over parallel fiber links at SONET OC-192 data rates. These ambitious and innovative products will be key drivers in expanding network speed and capacity, while significantly reducing costs. Our commitment to providing the industry with leading-edge solutions was recognized by an award from the highly regarded industry trade publication, Fiber Optic Product News, an achievement of which we are very proud in such a competitive industry. EMCORE's VCSEL arrays,

Developing Next Generation Products for Global Communications
Despite a general slowdown in the wireless industry, EMCORE has seen encouraging signs of recovery. We received new orders at the close of fiscal 2001 from several major wireless handset manufacturers who are ramping up to full capacity production and from key device suppliers. The transistor wafers developed at EMCORE, which are the foundation for next generation wireless products, are capable of achieving greater processing power and can be incorporated into multiple digital standard applications. EMCORE is positioned to rapidly ramp up production to satisfy its customers' needs, as we anticipate an increase in wireless product demand in 2002. Our wireless product line achieved two significant milestones in fiscal 2001: we shipped 15,000 6-inch HBT and pHEMT wafers in just 12 months, and also earned the prestigious QS-9000 certification for our wafer manufacturing program. Ensuring a level of quality that satisfies the unique demands of each of our customers, the QS-9000 program effectively drives EMCORE to include our customers as an integral part of our design and manufacturing approval processes.

2

Fiscal 2001 also brought success for our PhotoVoltaics division. Greatly improving the economics of satellite communications, EMCORE continues to supply products that increase payload capacities, including triple-junction solar cells with 28% efficiency, the highest in the industry. With sales of EMCORE solar cells increasing 10% over last year, leading satellite manufacturers are turning to our technology to lower launch costs by improving radiation tolerance and significantly reducing the amount of satellite weight and wing area dedicated to power generating devices. EMCORE's reliable, cost-effective solutions will play a major role as satellite applications increase in the coming years. Our repeated improvements in solar cell efficiency will continue to afford us many new opportunities in 2002. In the area of MOCVD (metal organic chemical vapor deposition) equipment, we doubled our revenues from the previous fiscal year and also signed an agreement with LumiLeds Lighting, a joint venture between Agilent Technologies and Philips Lighting, for the supply of multiple MOCVD tools to be used in the production of high brightness LEDs. Another testament to the strength of our MOCVD tool technology was the receipt of the Thomas Alva Edison award from the R&D Council of New Jersey for our gallium nitride reactor design employed in the growth of blue and green LEDs and lasers. These accomplishments are examples of EMCORE's substantial participation in an LED market that has grown annually at an average rate of 58 percent over the past 5 years (according to Strategies In Light, an independent market research firm).

Positioned for Success in 2002 and Beyond
In anticipation of fiscal year 2002, which may present further challenges to technology companies, we launched several operational and cost reduction initiatives during fiscal 2001 to maximize operational efficiency. By proportioning our cost structure with our current business requirements and continuing to target high growth communications markets, we have strategically positioned EMCORE to meet the demands for 2002 and beyond. The fiscal changes we have set in motion position EMCORE to capitalize on the opportunities that will arise in 2002. We believe that we will see a positive shift in revenue growth toward the end of the next fiscal year. To this end, we will remain focused on the bottom line, while not sacrificing the ingenuity and resources necessary to continue to provide the marketplace with next generation products. We would like to extend our appreciation to our shareholders for their continued support and confidence, and to our employees for their contributions and persistence in driving our technology to the forefront of the industry. Sincerely,

Thomas Russell, Ph.D Chairman

Reuben F. Richards, Jr. CEO & President

"Our revenues of $185 million, an increase of nearly 80% over fiscal 2000, marked a significant accomplishment."

3

