 }
  {
TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
   J. Brian Ferguson
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  “After several years of reshaping our Company into a leaner, more stable and profitable operation, we're now setting our sights squarely on the future and moving Eastman into a new and exciting chapter of its transformation.”
 2006 was a year of great success and accomplishment for Eastman Chemical Company. We strengthened our portfolio. We launched new technologies. And we met most of the high goals we set for ourselves.
More important, however, we set the stage for the Company to continue taking the initiative to grow profitably. After several years of reshaping our Company into a leaner, more stable and profitable operation, we’re now setting our sights squarely on the future and moving Eastman into a new and exciting chapter of its transformation.
A STRONG 2006
The year was a good one for the Company, demonstrating strength across most of our businesses:
• Sales revenue hit another record –
$7.45 billion;
• Operating earnings were a healthy
$640 million, down a bit from our very strong 2005 levels, primarily due to results in our PET polymers business;
• Return on Invested Capital was 14 percent, well above our cost of capital;
• We ended the year with net debt (total debt minus cash and cash equivalents) of $653 million – down almost $450 million.
A BASE OF STRENGTH
The results from the past year showcase a
base of strength for Eastman. Four of our five segments performed exceedingly well, continu- ing to provide us with a solid base from which to grow our Company.
Operating earnings in our strong base of businesses – Fibers, CASPI, and Specialty Plastics – were just over $500 million with an operating margin of 16 percent. The Performance Chemicals and Intermediates segment also continued to deliver strong results, with operating earnings of
$132 million and an operating margin
{1}

 }
    { 2 }
of 8 percent. Combined, our strong base of earnings and the PCI segment contributed almost all of the Company’s operating earnings for the year. And their 2006 operating earnings were comparable with 2005 – which were our best earnings in 10 years.
TAKING AGGRESSIVE ACTIONS
Only our polyethylene terephthalate (PET) product lines within the Performance Polymers segment did not perform up to our standards during the year. This business continues to be impacted by difficult global market conditions and high and volatile paraxylene prices.
As a result, we are taking a three-pronged approach to improve this challenging business. First, we have built a 350,000 metric ton
PET manufacturing facility based on our IntegRex technology and we are getting excellent feedback from our customers on
the ParaStar Next Generation PET that we are producing from it. This technology dramatically reduces capital and conversion costs relative to existing technology. In addition, we will increase the capacity of this
facility by another 100,000 metric tons over the next twelve to eighteen months.
Second, we are rationalizing 350,000 metric tons of our higher-cost PET capacity at
our South Carolina facility. We expect to complete this action by the middle of 2008, at which point we will have over 50 percent of our U.S. PET production based on IntegRex technology.
Third, we are aggressively pursuing options, which could include selling or shutting
down our PET sites outside the United States. Earlier this year, for instance, we announced an agreement to sell our PET plant in Spain.
The combined result of these actions will
be to transform our PET business so that in the second half of 2008 it can have operating margins of approximately 10 percent. We are on track to meet this target.
Two other actions we took in 2006 will help our business going forward. First, we sold our polyethylene and Epolene businesses at our
{
THE COST ADVANTAGES OF GASIFICATION
Coal gasification has been a vital part of Eastman Chemical Company for nearly a quarter of a century. We were the first company in the United States to commercialize a coal gasification facility and we are the only one that produces commercial quantities of acetyl chemicals from coal.
Given the cost advantages of using raw materials produced from coal and other feedstocks in a
   
 North American-based gasification facility – as opposed to natural gas and oil-based products – we intend to aggressively build on our gasification and process technology expertise going forward.
We have said, for example, that we are pursuing two projects, one being an industrial gasification facility in the United States Gulf Coast to provide
propylene to our Texas operations and a second project that would supply methanol to Eastman for conversion into ethylene glycol.
These projects represent significant first steps
in our plan to transform our raw material cost position and will position us for growth in existing and new products.
 Texas facility. This action, along with our commitment to shut down at least two of the four cracking units at our Texas facility, will contribute to improving our overall operating results.
Second, we divested our manufacturing facility in Arkansas. This site mostly produced fine chemicals and was no longer strategic to
our future.
Taking the initiative to address these remain- ing trouble spots for the Company will move us into a new chapter in our life. By moving beyond the “fix-it” stage, we are now looking to the future as a more stable, profitable and revitalized company.
RESPECTING THE PAST –
BUILDING TOWARD THE FUTURE
One of the historical strengths of Eastman Chemical Company has been its legacy of innovation and technology. Our future will be built on that tradition.
The IntegRex technology, for example, gives us an unprecedented cost position in the manufacturing of PET polymers.
But technology and innovation does not stop with our PET polymers businesses. Several projects involving industrial gasification –
a natural outgrowth of our long experience with coal gasification – are currently in development. We have said, for example, that we are pursuing two projects, one being an industrial gasification facility in the United States Gulf Coast to provide propylene to our Texas operations and a second project that would supply methanol to Eastman for conversion into ethylene glycol.
With these and other projects, the Company expects over time to increase its product volume derived from gasification-based raw materials to 50 percent from 20 percent today. By taking advantage of the lower costs of solid hydrocarbons versus traditional gas and oil, we can enable the Company to achieve low, stable cost positions, and we can potentially enter new markets for chemical products.
{ 3 }

  }
 {
INTEGREX TECHNOLOGY: THE FUTURE OF PET
  The future of PET polymers is in Columbia, South Carolina.
That’s where we've begun operations based on
a new manufacturing process to produce PET. We envisioned and developed the technology. We built a new plant based on the technology. And we did it all in about three years. The result?
The world’s most innovative, efficient, and cost-effective process to produce PET.
Producing this new generation of PET poly- mers – which we call ParaStar Next Generation PET – with our unique IntegRex technology – positions Eastman as the lowest-cost, highest- quality PET producer in the world.
  { 4 }
IMPROVED FINANCIAL PROFILE
ENABLES GROWTH
I’m proud to report that Eastman’s manage- ment team has worked very hard over the past several years to improve our financial profile, and that effort has paid off. Our stockholders’ equity is the highest in our Company’s history, while we have reduced our net debt by over 70 percent in the last three years.
This improvement we have made is grounded in the strong cash generation from all of our businesses that we expect will continue. Our strong financial profile leaves us well posi- tioned to pursue our corporate strategy while maintaining the disciplined approach that has served us well.
TAKING THE INITIATIVE
The bottom line is that Eastman is a stronger, more focused and more stable company today. We have a tremendously solid foundation of businesses that I believe will provide strong earnings going forward. We have many exciting investment and growth opportunities in development. We will continue our efforts
to improve the overall portfolio of assets and businesses. And we have the financial strength – and discipline – to pursue all
of these initiatives.
The challenge for us now is to take hold of the opportunities in front of us – the ones that we’ve worked so hard to develop – and make them work. And if I know one thing about Eastman’s men and women, I know that they are capable of delivering on that promise.
I am committed – we are committed – to our pledge to use our unique technologies, our unique capabilities and our unique heritage to create a long and lasting value for you. That’s what Taking the Initiative is all about.
Sincerely,
J. Brian Ferguson
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
