Dear Stockholders,
Several years ago the men and women of Eastman embarked on a journey to become a world-leading specialty chemical company. With a clear understanding of who we are and what we do better than anyone else in our industry, we began taking a series of deliberate and strategic steps that have resulted in a stronger company that we believe will continue to deliver consistent earnings growth.
In 2014, we reached a significant milestone in our journey by growing adjusted earnings per share for the fifth consecutive year. This accomplishment is something that only approximately 25 percent of companies in the S&P 500 have done in the past decade, and we did it against a backdrop of global economic uncertainty and a volatile raw material environment.
EPS growth is just one highlight in a year of impressive achievements. Here are a few others:
• We generated free cash flow of $815 million, resulting in one of the strongest free cash flow yields of our industry peer group.
• We made significant progress on organic growth initiatives.
u Wecontinuetohavedouble-digitearningsgrowth in our Eastman TritanTM copolyester due to market adoption, which is being supported by planned additional capacity. We completed an expansion at our Kingsport site in fourth quarter 2014 and began an additional 60,000 metric ton expansion, which is expected to be operational in early 2017.
u Wehadstrongsalesvolumegrowthforour premium acoustic and head-up display Saflex® interlayers products.
u Ourrubberadditivesteamrapidlydevelopeda breakthrough technology to significantly reduce our Eastman Crystex® insoluble sulfur rubber additive manufacturing costs. We are currently using this technology to retrofit one of our existing manufacturing sites in Europe and are proceeding with plans to double our Crystex capacity in Kuantan, Malaysia, by the first half of 2017.
u WelaunchedEastmanOmniaTM,anew,high- performance and sustainable solvent for household cleaners.
u Plasticizerscustomerscontinuetoswitchtonon- phthalate plasticizers, and we have completed an expansion of our Eastman 168TM non-phthalate plasticizer manufacturing capacity to leverage this market trend and support continued growth.
• We completed four attractive acquisitions.
• We continued returning cash to stockholders.
u YourBoardofDirectorsincreasedthequarterlycash dividend for the fifth consecutive year, demonstrating its confidence in our ability to continue generating earnings growth and strong free cash flows.
u Werepurchased$410millionofcommonstock.
• Our company was once again recognized for superior
performance in areas of sustainability.
u Eastman received the ENERGY STAR® Partner of the Year–Sustained Excellence Award from the Environmental Protection Agency, which is our third consecutive recognition.
u For the second consecutive year, Eastman was honored with a Glassdoor® Employees’ Choice Award, recognizing the Best Places to Work in 2015.
The award is based solely on input from employees.
u One of only three companies in the global chemical industry honored in 2014, Eastman was recognized by the Ethisphere® Institute as a 2014 World’s Most Ethical Company® for our efforts to continually raise the bar on ethical leadership and corporate behavior.
We accomplished all of these things while improving our safety performance over the previous year. This strong performance on so many fronts, especially
in a very challenging environment, is a remarkable testament to the strength of Eastman’s people and our portfolio of innovative products and technologies.

Significant progress
accelerating growth
In my letter to you a year ago, I outlined our focus on driving growth through innovation, productivity, and mergers
and acquisitions. We have made tremendous progress
in each of these areas, which contributed to our success
in 2014 and remain key areas of focus for us in 2015.
Accelerating innovation and commercialization
We have taken a number of steps to accelerate organic growth through innovation, including focusing on and aligning resources with our top projects that have a strategic focus on higher-value opportunities. As a result of our efforts, we have made significant progress on our organic growth initiatives. In 2014, we met our internal goals for increasing our portfolio value and in reaching milestones
in our top innovation projects. We also increased our rate of new product commercialization and had solid earnings growth in high-margin specialty products. This focused approach has resulted in new product offerings in 2014, and we expect this momentum to continue, with multiple new product commercializations planned in 2015.
Delivering real results through productivity
Productivity projects across the company are not only generating significant savings that fund growth, they
are also helping us identify and remove waste, refine processes, and increase yields, all of which strengthen our competitiveness and maximize earnings potential. Lower operating costs and improved processes helped to offset additional costs in 2014, principally increased raw material and direct spending costs. Our world-class proficiency in process improvement and new process development enabled manufacturing operations to account for approximately
40 percent of those productivity savings. The company exceeded every key productivity initiative target in 2014, and we have set aggressive new productivity goals for 2015. The men and women at Eastman have embraced productivity as an essential, continuous key to delivering increased earnings from our efforts to grow revenue.
Completing value-adding acquisitions
In 2014, the company actively pursued growth through mergers and acquisitions, reflecting our commitment to use this as a means of creating value in both earnings and cash flow. We completed four acquisitions, each of which aligns with our corporate strategy, expands our global presence, further diversifies and strengthens our portfolio of specialty products, and was a great deployment of our balance sheet. We believe that Eastman has an advantaged capability in
integrating and creating value from acquisitions due to
our significant scale in technology and operations, strong commercial and market development capabilities, and ability to integrate and retain the great talent we bring into Eastman from acquired businesses. We expect significant earnings accretion from these acquisitions, with earnings from the acquired Taminco businesses after acquisition and integration costs projected to be greater than $0.35 per share in 2015 and greater than $0.60 per share in 2016. In 2015, we are focused on successful integration of these acquisitions so that we realize the identified cost and other synergies and unlock the value of bringing each of these businesses into Eastman.
Taminco Corporation
Our largest acquisition in 2014, Taminco brings to Eastman a leading aklylamines technology and strengthens our position in attractive end markets that have reliable growth prospects and are leveraged to favorable macro trends. We see substantial opportunities to create value from our similar business models that leverage a world- class integrated manufacturing stream. Also, just as with our acquisition of Solutia in 2012, there are opportunities to accelerate innovation in markets where we have deep insights and strong customer relationships.
BP Global Aviation Turbine Oil business
With the acquisition of the aviation turbine oil business, the specialty fluids business of Eastman’s Specialty Fluids & Intermediates segment now has a more complete offering of aviation fluids products. This broader product portfolio allows us to better serve our global aviation customers
and strengthens our competitiveness in this market.
Commonwealth Laminating & Coating, Inc.
The addition of Commonwealth to our Advanced Materials segment extends our performance films global offerings for solar control window film and protective film applications and creates a significant opportunity to add to our revenue
    $1,128MM $625MM
$1,408MM $1,297MM
 2011
2012 2013 2014
  Record cash from operations in 2014

stream. It also allows us to gain efficiencies through enhanced utilization of manufacturing assets and better meet the specific needs of our diverse and broad window and protective films customer and end-user base.
Knowlton Technologies, LLC
Knowlton is a respected leader in the design, accelerated prototyping and manufacture of wet-laid nonwovens
in filtration, friction and custom-designed composite webs. Knowlton’s complementary skills and development capabilities are helping us to accelerate innovation in
our Eastman microfibers technology platform, which we see as a disruptive technology that can take our polyester chemistry expertise into entirely new end-use applications that address attractive macro trends.
Committed to a winning strategy
We remain committed to a long-term growth strategy that is based on our world-class technologies and
asset positions where we have significant competitive advantage. A priority for us is to achieve profitable organic growth in both our core and acquired businesses by sustaining and expanding our leading market positions, driving improved product mix through innovation,
and leveraging our advantaged cost positions.
Our objective is to continue building on our track record
of growth by successfully executing our strategy. We have several strong growth drivers across the company that give us a great deal of momentum going into 2015. They include our solid portfolio of specialty businesses that are well positioned to grow, solid end-market growth, especially in transportation and building and construction end markets, and earnings from our recently acquired businesses.
Like many U.S. companies, we face some short-term headwinds. Currently, the most significant challenges
to our 2015 financial results are the effects of recent significant declines in crude oil and related commodity prices, strengthening of the U.S. dollar, particularly
against the euro, and Fibers segment customer inventory destocking. As a result of these and other factors, we expect our full-year 2015 adjusted EPS to be similar to 2014.
We also expect 2015 to be another year of strong operating cash flow of approximately $1.6 billion, with free cash flow expected to be between $850 million and $900 million. We expect continued strong free cash flow over the coming years, and we will continue to deploy capital in a balanced and disciplined way.
While these headwinds are expected to impact EPS in 2015, they are not likely to have the same impact in 2016 or undermine our long-term strategy. The growth drivers of our portfolio are strong over time, and we remain confident that we will continue to deliver earnings growth and strong free cash flow and create value for you, our stockholders.
The Eastman Advantage
We have much that we want to accomplish in 2015, which is another important year for Eastman. I am confident that we have the right strategy, but more importantly, we have the right team of insightful and hard-working employees. They provide the Eastman Advantage through their innovative spirit, intense customer focus, and strong sense of personal responsibility. Each and every day, they represent the best
of Eastman. I am honored to work alongside them and am tremendously proud of what we have accomplished together. We are anxious to again deliver the superior results that
we expect for ourselves and that you, our stockholders, deserve in return for your continued confidence in us.
Regards,
Mark J. Costa
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 20, 2015
  