FOR OuR sTOckHOldeRs
2 Eastman Chemical Company
     Eastman’s breakthrough technologies and smart business strategies are transforming your Company, helping to ensure our industry leadership continues. Indeed, Eastman is better positioned today for profitable growth and value creation than at any other time in our history.
Our strong results over the past several years demon- strate the progress we are making. We have removed $2 billion of revenue suffering from low, single-digit operating margins. We have reduced cyclicality and optimized our businesses to take advantage of growth opportunities. And we’ve continued to leverage tech- nology leadership as we focus our resources on strategic growth initiatives. The result? Eastman people have more than doubled operating margins and earnings from 2003 to 2007.
Our performance in 2007 alone, which caps off the best three-year period of earnings in Eastman’s history excluding restructuring-related items, demonstrates the progress we are making.
• We achieved solid operating margins of 10 percent excluding restructuring-related items, despite higher raw material and energy costs.
• With a net debt-to-capital ratio of 26 percent, our balance sheet is the strongest it has ever been and Eastman has the highest stockholders’ equity in the Company’s history.
• Eastman’s financial strength is supported by continued strong cash from operations, which reached $732 million in 2007.
• We are investing in our future as demonstrated by our share repurchases totaling nearly $400 million in 2007. When we’re finished with the current authori- zation, we will have bought back $1 billion of our shares since 2007.
• We continue to pay strong dividends as we have every year since becoming a public company.
• Our return on invested capital excluding restructuring- related items was 13 percent, well above our cost
of capital.
• Our compounded annual growth rate for total return to stockholders for the past five years (2003–2007) has been 15 percent.
J. Brian Ferguson
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
    
I am certainly proud of these results. They reflect
the hard work of Eastman people and our record of delivering on the commitments we make – to our customers and to stockholders alike. But the financial figures and statistics don’t tell the full story about Eastman’s people, technology, know-how and transfor- mative strategies. Together, these elements are helping us make the most of our market opportunities around the world so that we maintain this momentum well into the future.
Transforming Strategies Support Bold Targets
in 2008 and Beyond
The world today is a dynamic place. Our suppliers and customers are large global companies, and we’re seeing new entrants in our markets every year. Perhaps more than ever, people care about the legacy they leave future generations and are ready to take action to address social and environmental concerns. Many companies see these challenges as threats. At Eastman, we see these as opportunities for which we can take an unconventional approach to succeeding in the marketplace. We have developed a number of transforming initiatives which do more than simply respond to challenges. They allow us to both embrace change and turn challenges into competitive advantages.
Earlier this year, we quantified the expected benefit of these initiatives with a bold forecast of doubling earnings per share to $10 by 2012. Along the way, we expect earnings to improve each year from 2008–2012, with a 10 percent to 15 percent increase in 2009 earnings over
2008. Our strategy for achieving this level of perfor- mance focuses on two areas: industrial gasification and growth in our existing businesses.
A Solid Base
Before I discuss the growth strategy in more detail, I want to assure you we don’t take for granted the core business that makes up our current base of earnings. It’s strong, and the work I see going on throughout the Company gives me confidence that strength will continue.
Both the global diversity in our revenue and operating margins and the end-market diversity from the products we provide our customers give Eastman a firm position for growth.
We’re building on core businesses like Specialty Plastics and Fibers. We’re improving the Performance Polymers segment. And we’ve come to depend on solid perfor- mance in our Performance Chemicals & Intermediates (PCI) and Coatings, Adhesives, Specialty Polymers & Inks (CASPI) segments, which contain product lines based
on proven technologies. PCI just completed its highest earning year in a decade, excluding restructuring-related items, reflecting our focus on minimizing cyclicality
and improving profitability. We have also transformed CASPI over the years to the point where that segment now consistently delivers strong earnings, with healthy operating margins typically in the 15 percent to 20 percent range. Excluding restructuring-related items, CASPI’s performance for the past two years has been the best
in its history.
3 Annual Report 2007
“Eastman people have more than doubled operating margins and earnings from 2003 to 2007. Our performance in 2007 alone, which caps off the best three-year period of earnings in Eastman’s history excluding restructuring-related items, demonstrates the progress we’re making.”

Growth Initiatives in our Core Businesses
We expect growth initiatives in our Specialty Plastics, Fibers, and Performance Polymers segments to contribute about $3 per share to earnings by 2012.
Specialty Plastics: Our priority is to increase operating earnings in this segment to a level approaching $100 mil- lion in 2009, with continuing improvement thereafter. We are converting PET capacity to copolyester production, adding 50,000 metric tons by mid-2008 and another 50,000 metric tons by 2010. We also plan to capitalize
on the explosive growth in the LCD market, with revenue from cellulose esters used in LCD screens expected to double from $50 million in 2007 to $100 million in 2009. Our newly-launched Eastman TritanTM copolyester is being warmly welcomed and requested by customers who want to broaden their possibilities for product design and performance.
Fibers: Eastman’s 2007 operating earnings in this segment were its highest ever, and global demand for acetate tow continues to increase. To capture this demand, we have been working to expand Eastman’s capacity. We are on track to complete the expansion of our Workington, England, facility by the end of 2008 and expect to announce details of our strategy for growth in Asia later this year.
Performance Polymers: Our continued major changes in this segment are resulting in a smaller, more profitable business. Our intent is to drive operating margins to near 10 percent by 2009. We are doing that by completing the divestitures of our non-strategic PET manufacturing
facilities outside the U.S. and by transforming our South Carolina facility. There, by the middle of 2008, we plan to have reduced conventional PET polymers capacity by 400,000 metric tons; shut down Eastman’s less efficient DMT intermediates assets; increased PTA intermediates capacity; and eliminated approximately $30 million of annual costs.
Our breakthrough IntegRexTM technology has delivered all we expected, and more. IntegRexTM technology was developed, designed and built to reduce capital and conversion costs by 50 percent. This translates into a smaller manufacturing footprint, as well as a product that delivers packaging enhancements. By the end of 2008, we expect over 60 percent of our PET capacity to be based on IntegRexTM technology. We are also actively pursuing licensing this technology to gain an additional revenue and earnings stream for the Company. As a result of these actions, we expect that the Performance Polymers segment, which had been our largest revenue business, will become our smallest. More importantly, it will yield greater profitability, with operating margins expected to approach 10 percent for full year 2009.
Industrial Gasification is Transformational
We have two active industrial gasification projects under- way – one in Texas and one in Louisiana. We anticipate that together they will contribute approximately $2 per share to Eastman’s earnings by 2012.
2008 marks the 25th anniversary of the start-up of our first gasification plant. Eastman is truly a pioneer in using this versatile and clean process for converting
4 Eastman Chemical Company
    Recognized for Safety:
Eastman employees have long been recognized
for keeping our facilities operating safely and reliably.
Caring for the Environment:
In 2007, Eastman announced its plans to invest $200 million in new equipment at its Tennessee operations in Kingsport to reduce air emissions.
    
carbon-containing feedstocks into a synthesis gas, or syngas. We have proven that Eastman can operate this transformative technology to gain a low and stable cost position to produce industrial chemicals used in a variety of consumer end products.
Using industrial gasification for the production of chemicals is an environmentally responsible choice. Unlike most other applications of gasification technol- ogy, industrial gasification has the capability to readily capture nearly all the carbon dioxide from the process. The captured carbon dioxide can then be sold into the enhanced oil recovery market which provides a viable alternative for storing carbon dioxide. There are other benefits to the U.S. economy as a whole since Eastman’s projects will create new jobs and lessen our reliance on foreign energy resources.
The fact that we’re working with proven co-investors for our projects further enhances our confidence for success. The Texas project, which we expect to be online in 2011, is being developed by Eastman and is owned jointly by Eastman and Green Rock Energy, L.L.C., which is a company formed by the D.E. Shaw Group and Goldman, Sachs & Co. to invest in gasification projects. Eastman is a minority owner of the Louisiana project, which is sponsored by Faustina Hydrogen Products, L.L.C. – primarily owned by Green Rock Energy, L.L.C.
Our innovative business model, which includes securing contracts now for future product from these plants, further mitigates market risks associated with these projects.
Maintaining Financial Discipline
We have significantly improved our balance sheet in recent years. In fact, it is stronger than ever. Strong earnings from almost all of our segments throughout 2007 have been the key driver for our cash flow.
Our expectation is that achieving the bold targets we’ve set for ourselves and our proven ability to deliver on our commitments will translate into continued strong cash flow from operations going forward. Of course, we will maintain financial discipline as we put our cash to work funding our growth initiatives.
Eastman People Deliver
When we began planning our transforming strategy, we knew we could count on two major assets: our people and our technology.
Eastman employees are the ones who make everything possible. Because of their efforts, Eastman gained recog- nition from Corporate Responsibility Officer Magazine as one of the 100 best corporate citizens among U.S.- headquartered public companies for 2008. Among U.S. chemical companies, CRO Magazine found Eastman to be among the top five. Corporate citizenship is not new for Eastman men and women. It’s at the heart of everything we do, from serving customers, to keeping our facilities operating safely and reliably, and protecting the environment. One important aspect of Eastman’s corporate citizenship is our commitment to the highest ethical behavior and unquestionable integrity in our financial reporting and daily business activities. This is an integral part of the culture of our Company.
The ability of our people to innovate and execute – again and again – gives me confidence in Eastman’s future and in our ability to continue achieving the aggressive goals we set for ourselves and for your Company.
Sincerely,
J. Brian Ferguson
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
5 Annual Report 2007
“Eastman employees are the ones who make everything possible. Because of their efforts, Eastman gained recognition from Corporate Responsibility Officer Magazine as one of the 100 best corporate citizens among U.S.-headquartered public companies for 2008. Among U.S. chemical companies, CRO Magazine found Eastman to be among the top five.”
 