 Dear Stockholders,
For 2013, I am pleased to report that our company had outstanding performance in the face of a difficult business environment, delivering the fourth consecutive year of double- digit EPS growth with an operating margin of 17%. We also did an excellent job of generating cash, with record operating cash flow of $1.3 billion. Our free cash flow was $674 million for the year, which positions us well for continued growth.
In addition to our financial performance, 2013 was an impressive year in a number of other areas:
We continued to see our investment in growth take shape throughout the company and across the globe.
• In Advanced Materials, we increased Eastman Tritan® copolyester volume by more than 50 percent in 2013, and we are currently adding capacity in Kingsport to serve continued demand growth.
• In the plasticizers business of our Adhesives & Plasticizers segment, the volume of Eastman 168® non-phthalate plasticizer grew by 25 percent and we are increasing capacity to serve continued demand growth.
• In Fibers, we completed our 30,000 metric ton acetate tow plant in a joint venture with China National Tobacco Corporation.
• In Specialty Fluids & Intermediates, we began a capacity expansion in Wales for Therminol® heat transfer fluid, which is expected to be operational later this year to support expected demand in the industrial chemicals and processing market.
• In the Additives & Functional Products segment, we added solvents capacity at our Longview, Texas, facility to meet demand in coatings markets.
We exceeded our expectations for, and have substantially completed integration of the Solutia acquisition.
• We’ve captured the cost and tax synergies we thought we would and expect to realize more in 2014.
• We continue to work on revenue and operational synergies in a number of areas and expect more of these, too.
• Today, we operate as one efficient and highly effective team.
We continued to deliver cash to stockholders.
• In 2013, our stock repurchases totaled $238 million, including $125 million in the fourth quarter.
• With your Board of Directors in December increasing the quarterly cash dividend 17 percent to $0.35, we have now increased our dividend four times in the last three years.
Our company received external recognition in all three areas of sustainability —
social, economic, and environmental.
• Named the #4 Best Place to Work by the Glassdoor Employees’ Choice Best Places to Work.
• Received the 2013 Secretary of Defense Employee Freedom Award, the highest recognition for exceptional support
of employees serving in the National Guard and Reserve.
• Institutional Investor magazine
recognized Eastman as a member of its
2013 All-America Executive Team and named Eastman as one of America’s Most Honored Companies.
• Recognized by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency as a 2013 ENERGY STAR® Partner of the Year for the second consecutive year, the first for a chemical company.
• Named 2013 Responsible Care® Company of the Year by the American Chemistry Council.
The year was not without its challenges, however. One of the more significant challenges was in the Adhesives & Plasticizers segment. During the year, this business came under enormous pressure due to both increased supply by competitors and weakened demand, especially in Asia and Europe, resulting in aggressive competitive pricing. The intensity of these challenges and the speed of their impact led to a significant and unexpected drop in revenue and earnings for the segment, which we are taking decisive actions to address.
Despite headwinds, we met our business and financial objectives. We remain poised to do so again in 2014 and beyond through the combination of a winning strategy, a focus on accelerating our growth efforts, and our global team of nearly 14,000 people dedicated to Eastman’s continued success.
                                                                        
Committed to a winning strategy
The world has changed since we embarked on our growth journey several years ago, but our growth strategy remains intact. We remain committed to growing the revenue of
our portfolio of businesses greater than GDP and levering our leading technology positions into a diverse set of attractive markets. We will continue to exercise financial discipline through a balanced approach to capital allocation, deploying our cash for capital expenditures, joint ventures and acquisitions, dividends and share repurchases, and debt structure optimization. Just last month, we announced the Board’s approval of the repurchase of up to an additional
$1 billion of Eastman common stock. This repurchase authorization is a clear sign of your Board’s confidence in our ability to deliver consistent, superior value.
We do recognize, however, that many of the challenges we faced in 2013 follow us into 2014. We expect the difficult environment in Adhesives & Plasticizers to continue,
though we are seeing early signs of strengthening demand. Additionally, we are taking actions to improve the performance of our adhesives resins products by reducing operating
costs. We are also moving forward with our joint venture
in China to build a low-cost, world-scale hydrogenated hydrocarbon resin facility, which we expect will be online by the end of 2015. This facility will extend our global footprint allowing us to better serve the growing Asia market.
Also, we expect continued headwinds from increased and volatile raw material costs, particularly for propane. We
are taking actions, such as pricing, to offset this impact, increasing the use of ethane as a feedstock and adjusting our hedge program to better mitigate our remaining exposure.
Just as we did in 2013, we will continue the progress of our growth journey despite these challenges. End-market and geographic diversity continue to be sources of strength
for Eastman, and we are well positioned to grow as the global economy improves. We also expect to benefit from Eastman-specific actions we are taking to increase earnings.
• Capacity additions — The China JV acetate tow plant is running at commercial quantities and both the Tritan and Eastman 168 expansions are expected to be operational later this year.
• Improved product mix — We continue to make good progress on improving our mix with premium products like Saflex® Q series acoustic interlayers, V-Kool® performance films, and Tritan.
• Technology licensing — We anticipate at least one license in 2014, and going forward, we expect to have consistent revenue in the Specialty Fluids
& Intermediates segment from licensing acetyl technology, oxo derivatives, and technology to produce MEG from synthesis-based feedstocks.
• Cost synergies from the Solutia acquisition — We ended 2013 at a run rate slightly above $100 million and expect about another $20 million of synergies by the end of 2014.
We are confident that we will achieve our fifth consecutive year of earnings growth with earnings expected to be between $6.70 and $7.00 per share, driving toward
$8.00 per share in 2015. We project free cash flow
in 2014 of about $600 million and expect continued consistently strong cash flows in future years.
Accelerating growth
Longer term, we are focusing on key areas to accelerate our strategy and stay ahead of current and future challenges, including those presented by the persistently uncertain global economy, volatile raw material and energy costs, and intensified foreign competition. Specifically, we are focusing on driving growth through innovation, productivity, and mergers and acquisitions, areas where we have a demonstrated record of success.
Winning with the customer through innovation
At Eastman, we recognize the significance of innovation to sustain and drive growth in both our core and new markets. Our success is built on deep relationships and innovative collaboration with our customers. We aim to combine our unique insights and proprietary technologies to deliver new products that our customers value and their customers want.
Record Cash from Operations in 2013
     $1,297MM
            $575MM
$625MM
$1,128MM
                  2010
2011
2012
2013
   
We also know that continual innovation is critical to maintain the leadership positions we have in the product lines that generate two-thirds of our sales revenue. My top priority
is accelerating our innovation efforts. In our core markets,
I am very excited by innovations to sustain our leadership, such as our Crystex® rubber additives product and process improvements, next generation of Saflex® acoustic interlayers, and several new copolyesters for building and construction and cosmetics. In new markets, I also see great potential in some of our key innovation initiatives, such as Eastman CyphrexTM microfibers, proprietary polyesters for coatings, and cellulosics performance additives for tires, as we continue to grow our innovation pipeline to fuel our future growth. We have a diverse set of product and technology innovation initiatives that we expect to contribute to our profitable future growth.
Building on a legacy
In closing, it is an honor to lead the incredible Eastman Team. I am humbled by the confidence that has been placed in me and am determined to build on the legacy of innovation that began nearly 100 years ago. I am grateful to my predecessor Jim Rogers and to the many leaders who came before him. Because of their courageous leadership and extraordinary vision, Eastman has grown from a small wood distillation plant in Kingsport, Tennessee, to a nearly $10 billion global enterprise. I feel privileged to continue their good work.
As CEO, I am passionate about encouraging a safe and healthy workforce and pledge to promote positive behaviors in both areas. I remain committed to upholding the values that differentiate Eastman and to protecting a culture that
is second to none. And I will concentrate on ways to further strengthen relationships with our customers so that we can become true collaborators in innovation and prosper together.
This year will be challenging, but I know the men and women of Eastman are up to the task. As we celebrate our 20th year as a public company,
we do so with much excitement
about the future. We love a good challenge and are fully determined to reward your confidence in us.
Regards,
Mark J. Costa
Chief Executive Officer March 21, 2014
Strengthening our competitive
position through productivity
A second key area of focus is productivity in both corporate and manufacturing areas. By controlling costs aggressively, we can lower our operating costs and shift resources to fund and support innovation investments and stay competitive. At a corporate level, we have identified major processes that can be redesigned to minimize redundancies, free
up resources, and reduce operating costs so that we can increase investment in research and development. We expect our revenue growth to fall to the bottom line.
Leveraging acquisitions
to improve our portfolio
Finally, we are actively pursuing growth through mergers and acquisitions. The Solutia integration has exceeded our expectations and we are actively pursuing acquisitions
of additional businesses into our portfolio. We recently made two new announcements. In January we announced an agreement to purchase BP plc’s global aviation turbine oil business, which will enhance the offerings of aviation fluids in our Specialty Fluids & Intermediates segment. Earlier this month we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Commonwealth Laminating & Coating, Inc. This acquisition will enable Eastman to gain manufacturing efficiencies and expand performance films product offerings and customer base in our Advanced Materials segment.
By delivering real results in each of these key areas, we will accelerate growth and position Eastman
as a great company for years to come.
       