   david n. Farr
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
2 Emerson > 2013 Annual Report
To Our Shareholders
As we conclude another year, I am excited about how much we continue to learn about our businesses, customers and the ever changing global environment in which we operate, and our ongoing development as an organization. In my years with Emerson, IÕve seen clearly how weÕre confronted every day with new challenges and tremendous opportunities. It is in how we understand, design, plan and execute in a dynamic world that makes the difference, drives growth and delivers success for our shareholders, customers and employees.
More than ever before, our customers rely on us as a trusted partner to provide the solutions and services that enable them to respond to and excel in this changing world. As global leaders in our industries, our businesses must anticipate these developments and ensure that we always deliver on our promises.
To that end, we are constantly seeking ways to evolve and improve, to better respond to the dynamic markets we serve and to help our customers do the same.
This focus on evolving and improving matured this year into something we call Perfect Execution. Perfect Execution is more than a program. ItÕs a challenge to everyone in the company to better understand our customers and then work and think in different ways and at new levels on their behalf. In many ways, it is
a cultural transformation that reduces complexity, breaks down silos and strengthens collaboration across our organization. Perfect Execution is structured around not just satisfying, but radically exceeding our customersÕ expectations as we grow and develop winning solutions together.
Advancing this initiative was a significant milestone for Emerson in 2013 amid what continues to be a challenging business climate. Global economic growth remained more limited than we had anticipated, as weaker business investment reflected a lack of confidence and heightened uncertainty about the operating environment. Despite these conditions, Emerson achieved many successes in the past year, delivering continued sales and earnings

    Edward L. MOnsEr
President and Chief Operating Officer
growth, maintaining strategic investment programs, advancing portfolio repositioning objectives and generating record cash flow, much of which was allocated to directly supporting shareholder returns through dividends and share repurchase.
Sales in 2013 were $24.7 billion, up slightly from 2012, as underlying growth in three businesses was partially offset by declines in the other two. Underlying sales (excluding acquisitions, divestitures, and currency translation) increased 2 percent compared with
the prior year, led by emerging market growth of
5 percent. Gross profit margin reached a record level of 40.3 percent, reflecting continued technology innovation and cost repositioning efforts. EBIT margin remained essentially unchanged from 2012, and earnings per share, excluding noncash goodwill impairment and tax repatriation charges primarily related to the embedded computing and power business, were $3.54 in 2013, up 4 percent versus $3.39 in 2012.
Operating cash flow reached an all-time high of
$3.6 billion, enabled by strong operational execution and high-quality earnings. We returned a substantial portion of this cash to our shareholders in the form
of dividends and share repurchase, reflecting a
63 percent total payout ratio, which was augmented with cash expected from the embedded computing and power transaction. The past year also marked the 57th consecutive year of dividend increases, reflecting our long-standing commitment to returning cash to our investors. In November, the Board of Directors further increased the dividend by 5 percent to an annual rate of $1.72.
Despite the difficulty in predicting the macroeconomic outlook, with many factors beyond our control, we
see vast opportunity to drive improvement and create value by focusing on variables within our control, which is the spirit of Perfect Execution. As we look to the year ahead and the years beyond, we can see the benefits that Perfect Execution will bring to Emerson, our customers and our shareholders.
Emerson > 2013 Annual Report 3

    CharLEs a. pEtErs
Senior Executive Vice President
4 Emerson > 2013 Annual Report
The cornerstone of this new way of thinking is better understanding our customersÕ needs and viewing
our operations from their perspective. This starts
with deepening the level of communication with our business partners and asking questions about their problems and what they value. It also means engaging in the conversations among Emerson colleagues from different functions with fresh perspectives as we work to tackle customer challenges together. This goes well beyond product and service focus to encompass every interaction with our customers. Our customer relationships are most successful when we develop and exhibit deep knowledge about their business operations and priorities.
We also then challenge ourselves to rigorously integrate that information in designing our own processes. From technologies and services to order processing and support calls to quality and delivery, we are rethinking every customer interaction to identify ways we can transform Emerson into a more valuable partner. We are committed to making it easier for our
customers to engage and do business with us, which will ultimately build greater trust and stronger loyalty.
Better understanding of our customers and new internal processes alone are not enough. Enhanced planning is needed in order to generate results. Emerson has always maintained a comprehensive
and envied business planning process, but we see opportunities to improve it further by making it more customer-oriented with the focus and intensity that Perfect Execution brings. Their plans must become our plans, their challenges must become our challenges, such that their goals become our goals.
Through a greater emphasis and focus on our ultimate end users, we are challenging ourselves to change how we execute. Emerson employees throughout the organization take pride in our record and the proven strength of our operational excellence. But we are never satisfied. We know there is more work to be done and room for improvement as we leverage our track record to exceed our customersÕ expectations every time and in every interaction and to deliver on our commitments.

    Frank J. dELLaquiLa
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Perfect Execution is all these things. On the following pages you will read more about it and the impact it has had on our customers and on Emerson. This is just the beginning. We are passionately committed to driving a cultural shift and a long-term process that creates value for our customers. Perfect Execution builds stronger relationships of trust Ñ internally
and externally Ñ and accelerates our trajectory as a global growth company. It will ensure our continued relevance and drive sustained value creation for
our shareholders.
Looking ahead, we expect the global economic environment to improve slightly in 2014 as business confidence gradually strengthens. Orders continue to trend positively, supporting the outlook for underlying sales growth of 3 to 5 percent. Margin expansion and solid cash generation will allow us to fund internal growth programs and invest in strategic acquisitions that will enhance our positioning in the markets we serve. As always, generating solid returns for shareholders through earnings growth and capital deployment remains our top priority.
I thank our Board of Directors for their exceptional leadership and continued support. I would also like to express my gratitude for the global perspective and business acumen that Carlos Fernandez, who retired in 2013 after 12 years of service on the Board, brought to Emerson. We also welcomed new director Jim Turley, who recently retired after an impressive career at Ernst & Young, where he had served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Jim brings tremendous management experience, integrity and business insight to the Board that I know will benefit Emerson and its shareholders for years to come.
On behalf of the Board of Directors and all of us at Emerson, thank you for your support.
Sincerely,
David N. Farr
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
     Emerson > 2013 Annual Report 5
