“emerson has established a solid reputation as a strong global company ready to face current and future challenges.”
david n. farr
Emerson’s Tradition of performance leadership
Return on total capital (ROTC) is a key metric for Emerson, one that directly measures a corporation’s ability to earn acceptable returns for shareholders. The goal was an
18 percent ROTC by fiscal 2008, and we are pleased to report that it was achieved during 2006. The combination of strong earnings growth and a focus on the capital needs of the businesses allowed the company to achieve a ROTC in 2006 of 18.4 percent compared with 15.5 percent in 2005. We
are proud of this accomplishment and the value creation it signifies for shareholders.
Generating significant cash flow continues to be a key priority for Emerson. A continued focus on cash flow allows Emerson to invest in existing businesses, fund the acquisition of new businesses and technologies, and return appropriate amounts of cash to shareholders. All of these transactions play a role in creating long-term value. The 2006 score card for cash management is good, with operating cash flow of
$2.5 billion, an increase of 15 percent from $2.2 billion in 2005. The key uses of this cash were:
• $730 million for dividends, or $1.78 per share. This year represents the 50th consecutive year of dividend increases, a significant milestone for Emerson.
• $862 million for share repurchases. When combined with dividends, this means that Emerson returned
63 percent of operating cash flow to shareholders, slightly exceeding our target of 50 percent to 60 percent.
• $752 million for acquisitions. These investments are key to maintaining a healthy portfolio of businesses capable of delivering acceptable growth and returns over the long term. In 2006, Emerson purchased a number of solid companies across the Network Power, Industrial Automation, and Process Management segments.
2 |3

Our vision provides
insight about what’s ahead.
The Leadership That Sets Emerson Apart
At Emerson, our deliberate planning process not only allows productive and efficient operation but also lets us look ahead at the trends that will most impact the global economy and provide the greatest growth potential.
That might sound easy, but it isn’t. Some companies claim they can do it, but only a few can. Our long-standing ability to plan, execute, and consistently deliver results with integrity sets Emerson apart.
This leadership, strategic vision, and planning have helped us identify important global issues early, so we could plan for them and build the businesses around the opportunities they create. Today, Emerson is well-positioned to help customers address issues such as:
Energy efficiency,which becomes more important than ever, as energy costs continue to rise and as fuel and power become more expensive.
Our resources for the world, which are challenged as never before by a global population that continues to grow and mature.
The communications revolution, as driven by an increasing demand for voice and data bandwidth around the world and the need to keep these systems up and running every minute of every day.
Business without borders,as our world shrinks a bit more every day.
Anticipation of these trends is central to what Emerson does. In fact, you may have seen them in the first-ever television commercials Emerson aired this year as part of our global branding campaign that showcased the solutions available to customers around the world.
Emerson’s success with these solutions comes from a collaborative team spirit that flows throughout the organization and is fueled and fostered by strong leaders. The following executives of each business platform exemplify this leadership:
• John Berra, who heads Emerson Process Management,
is leading the charge to bring a revolutionary wireless communications system to the process industries that will also be used across several other Emerson businesses.
• Pat Sly, of Emerson’s Tools and Storage businesses, is overseeing the creation of a $1 billion storage business that continues to push into new markets and develop new technologies while outperforming the competition.
• Tom Bettcher and his Emerson Climate Technologies team are developing an important new heat pump using industry- leading scroll technology while creating an electronics core for the next generation of products and services.
• Ed Feeney, Bob Bauer, and Jay Geldmacher continue to demonstrate that reliable power is a strong core competency by providing innovative Emerson Network Power solutions to telecom, data center, and other mission-critical businesses.
• Jean-Paul Montupet and the Emerson Industrial Automation team are working closely with major manufacturing companies and industry groups to develop customized solutions that drive quality and enhance productivity, all at the best cost.
• Jim Lindemann, of Emerson Appliance Solutions, is helping create unique applications for their technologies and partnering with the gas water-heater industry to improve the safety and performance of these common appliances.
Letter to Shareholders

1956
2006
$20
emerson revenues
_ $20
 billion in
Dollars in billions | Net sales as originally reported in the company’s annual reports.
revenues
_ $0
 Together, this group of leaders is forging the path for Emerson. They are developing new technologies and solutions that are Forward Thinking. They’re tapping into skills and experience around the world to offer customers the benefit of our Global Focus. They’re demonstrating our Sustained Innovation. And all the while, they’re working closely with customers to demonstrate a solid record of Customer Results.
These are the essentials of Emerson’s success — identifying new opportunities and powering our businesses with the best people and resources so that Emerson is in a position to win.
Emerson’s success and strength are much deeper than just these business leaders. They will be the first to tell you that people throughout their organizations are great leaders with significant expertise in their industries. The stories on the following pages give us a glimpse into their worlds.
It is extremely important to Emerson that we maintain the reputation of a highly ethical company. Maintaining that
reputation is critical to our success, and we continually communicate the highest ethical standards to employees around the world. Customers and investors alike tell us they value this integrity, and we will continue to reinforce Emerson’s commitment to ethical behavior in every day-to-day activity.
Emerson has seen much change over its history, and more change is inevitable going forward. Winning companies see the change coming, accept it, understand it, and make it work for them. We’re especially proud of our many recent accomplishments and look forward to the many opportunities ahead.
We thank our shareholders and board of directors for their support, and in particular, we want to welcome Randall Stephenson, chief operating officer of AT&T, to our board. Randall’s strong experience in finance, operations, and one of the most complex acquisitions in recent corporate history will be a valuable asset to Emerson.
             David N. Farr
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President
Charles A. Peters
Senior Executive Vice President
Walter J. Galvin
Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Edward L. Monser
Chief Operating Officer
4 |5
