  “A legacy of performance...”
Dear Shareholders, Emerson had an outstanding year in 2005, as we delivered the second consecutive year of double-digit growth in sales and earnings per share. Sales were a record $17.3 billion, up 11 percent from $15.6 billion in 2004. The growth was led by strength in the industrial and technology markets we serve and was also the result of Emerson’s continued focus on eight key growth initiatives,
which as a group increased by 15 percent in 2005. Earnings per share increased 19 percent to $3.55 for 2005, excluding the tax impact of repatriating foreign earnings under the American Jobs Creation Act (AJCA). Reported earnings per share were $3.40, a 14 percent increase from the $2.98 per share in 2004.
Emerson’s cash flow performance in 2005 demonstrates the company’s strong commitment to capital efficiency as a means of creating value for shareholders. Operating cash flow was $2.2 billion
in 2005, a slight decrease compared with last year’s record cash flow. Free cash flow (operating cash flow less capital expenditures) in 2005 was $1.7 billion, an 8 percent decrease from 2004 as we made strategic capital investments throughout the company. Free cash flow was higher than net income for the fifth consecutive year, a testament to Emerson’s continued high quality of earnings and efficient working capital management. Return on total capital excluding the AJCA impact increased to 16.1% (15.5% including
the impact of AJCA) from 14.2% in 2004, the fourth consecutive annual improvement.
Emerson’s commitment to generating returns
for shareholders continues with 2005 marking the
49th consecutive year of increased dividends. Dividends in 2005 were $1.66 per share, and in November 2005 the board of directors increased the dividend to an annualized rate of $1.78 per share. Additionally, strong

 “What’s next
“The world today faces several fundamental challenges that impact every individual and every business. Emerson has long monitored these challenges and opportunities, and we stand prepared to help the world meet them.”
David N. Farr
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President
 cash flow allowed us to return significant cash to shareholders in the form of share repurchases. Emerson repurchased approximately 10 million shares during 2005, which means that between dividend payments and share repurchases, Emerson returned more than
62 percent of 2005 operating cash flow to shareholders. This slightly exceeded the stated target of returning
50 to 60 percent of operating cash flow to shareholders.
The company’s strong cash position also allows
us to make strategic acquisitions that strengthen existing businesses and generate long-term
returns for shareholders. Process Management and Industrial Automation purchased companies that
bring complementary product offerings and expand Emerson’s offering of key technologies to the industrial marketplace. Network Power acquired businesses that serve the telecom and data center markets, and an
acquisition in the consumer storage business continues the drive to build a billion dollar storage business. In total these acquisitions are expected to add approximately $500 million of revenue to Emerson in 2006.
Investment in leading technologies remains one of Emerson’s top priorities — it allows us to create best- in-class products and solutions to meet customers’ toughest challenges, anywhere in the world. Emerson’s engineering and development investment in 2005
was $634 million, which includes customer solution engineering. This investment encompasses a global approach that has allowed us to increase engineering and development headcount by 20 percent since 2003 while the associated costs as a percent of sales have been held flat. This approach continues to increase innovative capacity, evidenced by the 31 percent of 2005 sales that were generated by new products.
 2 EMERSON 2005

...”
 We continue to believe that making the appropriate technology investments helps form the foundation for above-average growth in the markets we serve while also leading to enhanced profitability.
With regard to compliance, Emerson has always had a disciplined approach to corporate governance, and the ability to readily meet Sarbanes-Oxley Section 404 compliance requirements is a testament to the controls and processes we’ve had in place for years. We also have a strong commitment to business
ethics, which includes regular global communication to all employees regarding the importance of always conducting business in a legal and responsible manner.
The results posted in 2005 prove that Emerson’s management strategies continue to work. We are proud of what was accomplished this year, but we also know that for long-term success we have to be
focused on the future. Interestingly, the long-standing Emerson management process that helps drive daily performance is the same process that gives us vision into what’s next.
In today’s world, four global trends have emerged as key issues that confront companies and individuals every day. Emerson is well-positioned to play a critical role and grow the company as these trends continue
to shape our world. We conduct business without borders, deliver energy efficiency, tap the opportunities of the communications revolution, and help customers provide resources for the world.
The following pages reveal more about the global Emerson and introduce you to a few of the company’s more than 115,000 dedicated employees – a team of talented people that is making what’s next happen around the world.
 EMERSON 2005 3

  “Business without borders...”
The global economy is evolving at a rapid pace.
As trade and investment across borders continue, we see an increased interdependence of countries and
the creation of one global marketplace. Advances in transportation and telecommunication have allowed for much closer contact between different parts of the world than was ever expected 20 or 30 years ago. And with constant and real-time access to financial markets, business never sleeps, anywhere.
Developing countries are a big part of the shift as well, growing at more than double the rate of established countries. And as economies and individuals in these developing nations progress, large opportunities and challenges are created.
This means that successful companies must be working and partnering across borders like never before, designing products in one country, manufacturing in another, and selling and servicing the finished product in yet another. Managing global supply chain and logistics issues is a crucial element of success, and intense engagement in emerging markets becomes
a key strategy in helping to grow the business.
Emerson’s businesses and operational strategies have capitalized on these global economic trends. For example, we are able to help meet consumer demand for air conditioning, plastics, telecommunications, and gasoline production in Asia, Latin America, and Eastern Europe. In the story opposite this page, you see how we support infrastructure investments in these regions by equipping electric power generation facilities with the latest innovation and technology.
Emerson grows its leadership position in global markets by establishing strong manufacturing, engineering, sales, and service positions to meet the needs of customers in these areas. With the expertise and local knowledge of our engineering centers of excellence, we’re creating global technologies for local applications and working closely with customers and governments to help lead economic advancement and development, without borders.
 4 EMERSON 2005

 
  “The global demands of customers require that we deliver the best possible solution, whatever the project is and wherever it resides. For the Coyhaique project, we identified the best people and resources available and then united them for the customer.”
Claude Henry
Emerson Industrial Automation
    A hydroelectric power station in Coyhaique, Chile was constructed with Emerson equipment using resources from three continents, implemented locally, and supervised by a Costa Rican company.
 DETAILS

  
  “Energy efficiency...”
As emerging economies develop, the strain on the world’s energy resources increases. Experts predict,
in fact, that demand for energy will be 50 percent higher in 2030 than it is today. We all share basic social and business responsibility to be respectful of limited energy and to be attentive to the environment we live in.
It should be our goal to extract the most value from available energy resources, in the most efficient and cost-effective way. Consumers recognize this by basing purchasing decisions on efficiency ratings, and governments are dictating minimum requirements for energy efficiency in appliances such as air conditioners. In the United States, for example, energy efficiency standards for residential air-conditioning units will require a 30 percent improvement starting in January 2006. Other governments, such as in China, are seeing the societal and economic benefits of improved efficiency and are beginning to drive their own changes. These kinds of efficiency solutions can have a dramatic impact — these and other initiatives around the world have in the past four years alone saved enough energy to supply the annual electrical needs of 1.5 million households, but even more needs to be done.
Innovative thinking and new technologies are required to meet these and other energy-efficiency
opportunities, and as the adjacent story shows, Emerson plays a leading role. For example, the Copeland ScrollTM compressor produced by Emerson Climate Technologies has played a key part in creating more efficient commercial and residential air-conditioning systems. From this unique compression technology to the Emerson motors used inside the compressor, this program has been a true winner for Emerson and the industry. Additionally, Emerson Climate Technologies has developed the Intelligent StoreTM architecture, which gathers critical HVAC, refrigeration, and
lighting system data for better management of energy and maintenance costs in retail stores. Emerson’s monitoring center, advanced electronic controls, and other devices enable this capability.
In other areas, Emerson Motor Technologies and Emerson Industrial Automation are creating more energy-efficient motors and drives, including advanced drive systems that reduce dependence on fossil fuels and increase overall energy efficiency.
In these and other ways, Emerson helps global customers conserve energy, as well as significantly reduce capital, engineering, and operation costs.
 6 EMERSON 2005

 
  “With the new 2006 U.S. air-conditioning efficiency standards, 95 percent of all OEM equipment is being redesigned. We are focused on working closely with the industry, developing superior products and strategies that support this dramatic change by providing benefits throughout the marketplace.”
Scott Barbour
Emerson Climate Technologies
    In 2005 Emerson launched an improved generation of our industry- leading air-conditioning compressor technology, the Copeland ScrollTM compressor. We provided yet another solution that benefits both Emerson and our customers as governments require higher efficiency standards.
 DETAILS

  
  “Communications revolution...”
Today’s businesses need more real-time information, faster than ever before. The revolution
of technology that we’ve seen in just the past decade continues today as consumers and businesses alike demand more communications bandwidth and drive the convergence of voice, video, and data into single streams of information. As technologies such as copper wire have given way to fiber optics and Wi-Fi, power requirements today are becoming less centralized.
At the same time, another revolution is occurring in other world areas. It is estimated, for example, that half of the world’s population has never made a telephone call and that the next billion users of mobile phones
will be subscribed by 2010. This is driving hundreds of billions of dollars of investments in telecommunications infrastructure all over the world. But in order to secure even the most basic means of communication, they must first establish local sources of reliable power.
The need for more communications bandwidth and secure power in remote locations requires more power and in smaller packages. This, in turn, drives demand for embedded power and precision cooling systems, and Emerson is positioned to take advantage of these trends. Emerson Network Power, as in the example on the following page, provides mission- critical power and cooling technology that ensure continuity and high availability for data and operational applications in telecommunications, data centers, and other businesses.
In addition to supporting the infrastructure of the communications revolution, Emerson is also
a participant. Emerson Process Management is pioneering a wireless environment for process control applications, a technology that could dramatically save businesses cabling and installation costs while enhancing productivity in chemical, petroleum, food and beverage, and pulp and paper processing plants.
 8 EMERSON 2005

 
  “Secure, reliable data is on everyone’s mind today, and our job is to provide businesses with an uninterrupted power supply, whatever the application. By keeping mission-critical systems up and running all the time, we’re helping to ensure business- critical continuity around the world.”
Bob Bauer
Emerson Network Power
    When a top-ranked supercomputing facility
needed a unique cooling system for its sensitive electronics, Emerson developed a precision cooling solution that would control the heat and protect against unplanned shutdowns and data loss.
 DETAILS

  
  “Resources for the world...”
We are continually reminded that the world’s resources are finite and in some cases scarce. To meet the projected oil and gas demand in 2015,
the industry will have to increase production by the energy equivalent of about 100 million barrels of oil
a day, which is equal to about 80 percent of today’s production levels. As populations grow and shift, new and more efficient supplies of vital energy resources must be developed to support continued commercial development and meet ever-increasing demand.
Where resources are limited, companies are seeking new ways to extract more value from the available resources. Several Emerson businesses,
for example, are protecting assets and optimizing productivity in refining and the production of oil and gas. And the increasing demand for reliable electric power around the world is driving the need for additional power-generating capacity on a global basis. Emerson is there to support these customers, anywhere in the world, as they upgrade existing facilities or construct new ones.
Emerson Process Management plays a critical role in the mining of nickel and cobalt in Western Australia. Emerson solutions like PlantWeb® architecture are
at the core of an innovative digital communications approach that uses “smart” instruments to optimize the performance of the largest mineral-processing installation of its kind.
The rising demand for oil and gas has also accelerated the pace of both traditional and new methods of extracting usable oil. One example, highlighted on the next pages, is the Canadian oil sands, once considered only a difficult alternative choice to conventional development. Canada’s oil sands contain the second-largest known deposits of oil in the world, so finding the resource was relatively simple. Extracting oil from the deposit in a cost-effective way, however, has been the challenge. Leveraging Emerson’s unique leadership role and expertise, we are now helping to solve this challenge. With innovative process industry technologies, we are meeting the new demand for these and other resources for the world.
 10 EMERSON 2005

 
  “To provide resources for our lives and livelihoods, we are helping to tap strategic energy sources like the Canadian oil sands. Emerson equipment allows customers to operate more efficiently than ever before in these and other energy- producing applications.”
Dave Hunter
Emerson Process Management
   Emerson Process Management is using the latest digital plant technology to help extract valuable oil from a complex mixture of bitumen, sand, water, and clay – known as oil sands – in Alberta, Canada.
  DETAILS

  
  “Meeting the world’s needs...”
Office of the Chief Executive: Walter J. Galvin, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Charles A. Peters, Senior Executive Vice President; Edward L. Monser, Chief Operating Officer
As these global trends emerged, some businesses may have been taken by surprise. Emerson is not surprised by these trends because we anticipated them. In fact, we view these trends as opportunities, and capitalizing on them will allow us to strengthen our global market positions as we move forward.
Emerson follows a rigorous planning cycle with
a process that forces clarity and understanding from the plant floor to the boardroom. A key part of that planning process is an annual strategic review of Emerson’s capabilities and how they match with trends emerging in the markets we serve. Doing this in a consistent and disciplined manner over a long period of time allows us to identify emerging trends and be ready for them. By proactively managing our portfolio of businesses and by working with these unique businesses to set the right priorities and investments, Emerson is in a position to win.
The four key trends we have discussed here figure prominently in today’s world. Energy efficiency is a way of life. The communications revolution continues today as digital, instant communication in all forms becomes indispensable when conducting business. Recent events prove that the resources for the world are limited, and demand for those resources grows. And while it’s a big planet, the world continues to get smaller as companies engage in business without borders.
To fulfill Emerson’s role as a member of the global community, we direct technology investments to deliver on the promise of these trends, applying knowledge and experience for the benefit of our customers, and their customers, as we grow Emerson’s businesses.
Whether we’re maximizing uptime at an oil refinery or ensuring a constant flow of electric power, Emerson teams and technology keep the world’s business in
 12 EMERSON 2005

 business. We will continue to identify the trends that will shape the future, so we are always prepared for what’s next — in 2006 and beyond.
Global teamwork will continue to be critical to
the company’s success. From the front lines of sales
to the manufacturing facilities and to the boardroom, Emerson people exemplify quality, skill, dedication, and leadership. We would not be where we are today if
we didn’t have the very best people working here.
David N. Farr
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President
Charles A. Peters
Senior Executive Vice President
A great example is Jim Berges, a visionary leader and a tireless emissary for the company for nearly 30 years, who recently retired as president of Emerson, business leader over Emerson Network Power, and board member. We are grateful for Jim’s contributions, which are highlighted on page 54.
We also thank the shareholders and board of directors for their support and commitment to making Emerson financially stronger and more global.
  Walter J. Galvin
Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Edward L. Monser Chief Operating Officer
EMERSON 2005 13
   