To Our Shareholders,
Fiscal 2010 was a very good year of recovery for Emerson. We achieved our objectives in a challenging environment with speed, a sense of urgency and solid execution of our global repositioning. I’m proud of our employees’ commitment, accomplishments and the financial results delivered, and we are well positioned for the future.
While we benefited from the moderate tail winds of global economic recovery in 2010, more meaningful was the business growth achieved because of the actions we took during the past two years to set our own course. We strengthened our business and positioned Emerson for accelerated growth in sales
and profitability around the world to achieve solid performance during a historically slow period of economic recovery.
We faced the near-collapse of the global financial markets and the resulting recession during 2008 and 2009, however, we didn’t pause in our pursuit of innovation and invention, improved earnings, record free cash flow levels and business growth. Instead, we did what Emerson has done before: turned a harsh economic downturn into an opportunity for strong operational improvement and repositioned Emerson to perform better, when the economic cycle strengthens.
Today the company is in the strongest position ever. Our business foundation is set for solid, profitable growth during the next five years.
Emerson’s disciplined management process, applied by the strongest and most innovative people, allows us to outperform regardless of economic cycle. It is uniquely Emerson, fundamental to who we are and part of our DNA. We love to execute in the most challenging times and position this global company for accelerated growth in sales, profits, cash flow and returns.
We are a company driven to innovate and move forward, while maintaining a sharp focus and passionate commitment to strengthening our core businesses, meeting our customers’ needs and delivering value to our shareholders. We work hard to focus on the right priorities and make the right investments. Our improved results in fiscal 2010 provide further evidence that we have the ability to see opportunities in challenging times and execute for our shareholders.
3
2010 Annual Report

  4
Strengthening Our Solutions
The closest thing we have to a global currency is information, and it moves with every phone call, text, e-mail message and Internet connection. At Emerson, we keep it moving – better, faster, more efficiently and without interruption. Emerson Network Power is one of the world’s leading providers of reliable power, precision cooling, services and integrated infrastructure solutions for the data centers and telecommunications networks at the heart of the global information exchange. With the acquisition of Avocent
this year, Emerson added the capabilities necessary
to develop the industry’s first holistic infrastructure management solution, TrellisTM. The Trellis platform will help organizations optimize their data centers and increase efficiency without compromising availability. Another 2010 acquisition, Chloride, bolsters the technology portfolio in uninterruptible power supplies and, together with Avocent, cements Emerson Network Power’s reputation as a global leader in enabling Business-Critical ContinuitySM.
 
 5
2010 Annual Report

    6
Strengthening Our Solutions
The Year in Review
As anticipated, we did not see a sharp snap-back in the strength of our markets in fiscal 2010. However, we did see sustained improvement that gained momentum as the year progressed. The second half of the fiscal year was measur- ably stronger (12 percent sales growth) than the first and positioned Emerson for stronger sales and profit growth in fiscal 2011.
In 2010, 57 percent of sales came from outside the U.S. and 34 percent came from emerging markets, which will continue to represent a significant growth opportunity for us. We will continue to drive for growth and investments in emerging markets, as we expect these economies to grow faster and eventually deliver more than 40 percent of
Emerson’s total sales. Emerson will be where our customers need us to support them and to provide meaningful solutions. Global customer demand has been improving in all of our five business segments – Process Management, Industrial Automation, Network Power, Climate Technologies, and Tools and Storage. Total fiscal 2010 sales were $21.0 billion, up
5 percent compared to fiscal 2009 sales of $20.1 billion. Fiscal 2010 net earnings per share were up 25 percent to $2.84, compared with $2.27 in fiscal 2009.
Underlying sales (excluding the impact of acquisitions and foreign currency translation) were basically flat compared with 2009 results, but trends continued to improve as we made our way through 2010 and began to

  $4 Billion
of Strategic Acquisitions Completed Over the Last Two Years
  put the deep global recession behind us. Our operating margin improved significantly in fiscal 2010, reaching 16.7 percent, driven by our aggressive global restructuring programs and improved business mix.
Emerson’s after-tax return on total capital (ROTC) was 18.9 percent, up from 16.2 percent in fiscal 2009. This is an important metric, as it measures our ability to create long-term value and deliver good returns for our shareholders. We continue to target consistent ROTC performance in the range of 15 to 25 percent.
Cash flow from operations in fiscal 2010 was $3.3 billion, essentially matching our record level in 2008. We are very pleased with this outcome as it gives us the freedom to invest
for growth and return funds to shareholders. Generating free cash flow is among our highest priorities. Strong cash flow allows the company to determine its own destiny, to pursue value- creating acquisitions, to make internal capital investments for new products and technology, and to return cash to shareholders through dividends and stock repurchases. Strong cash flow performance represents our absolute commitment to capital efficiency and driving long-term value for our shareholders.
Fiscal 2010 marked Emerson’s 54th consecutive annual dividend increase. The board of directors acted on November 2, 2010, to further increase the dividend by 3.0 percent, to an annual rate of $1.38.
7
2010 Annual Report

  8
Technology Leadership Through Innovation
A single drop of fossil fuel can be converted into everything from gasoline to dishwashing liquid, from road asphalt to pen ink, from toys to heart valves. Producing it safely and economically, with the least impact on the environment, takes a relentless commitment from companies like Chevron that care deeply about safety and innovation. One of the world’s largest integrated energy companies, Chevron constantly looks for new and better ways to operate reliably. A recent Chevron commitment is to Emerson wireless technologies. Ever-present in our daily lives, wireless technologies are transforming energy and other industries by providing unprecedented insight into production conditions and asset performance, helping give companies like Chevron even greater confidence in hitting their targets for safety, environmental performance, production and profitability. Emerson is proud to help leaders like Chevron.
 
 9
2010 Annual Report

    10
Technology Leadership Through Innovation
During the past five years, Emerson has gener- ated $15.2 billion of operating cash flow, with $8.2 billion returned to shareholders
through dividends and buybacks, a payout ratio of 54 percent. While this year’s payout ratio was only 34 percent, we have consistently communicated that there will be years when we increase our acquisition activity and scale back share repurchases. In 2009 and 2010,
we took the opportunity to complete nearly $4 billion of strategic marquee acquisitions – acquisitions that will provide higher growth and margins longer term and help us develop innovative solutions for our global customers that no one else can deliver today.
It’s About Sustainable Growth
Every day, the people of Emerson see
opportunities for growth in a marketplace that is bigger and more global. We are driven to create new technology and innovations
to solve unique customer challenges and issues. Emerson has the talent, leadership and passion to prosper in a world of slower economic growth.
We are a company focused on current and future opportunities that expand our served markets and our growth potential. Today,
in locations around the world, we apply Emerson’s knowledge, insight, technology and passion to grow our customers’ businesses and help them win in their competitive markets. Emerson also identifies trends and engineers solutions to satisfy the global market and technology needs of tomorrow. We invest

  New Products Represent
37%
of Total Sales
  time and money in achieving the next generation of innovation, working to do so before anyone else. We create a strong competitive advantage with our focus on innovation and technology.
We will accelerate investments for future growth in fiscal 2011, increasing incremental strategic investments by $40 million. These investments will focus on emerging market penetration, innovative technology, new products, and capital and people resources. Our investments will accelerate growth in an otherwise slower global growth environment. Emerson is focused on driving higher levels of growth through internal investments – this is the right time to pick up the pace for stronger levels of internal growth.
Successfully maintaining the proper balance between meeting today’s financial needs and designing solutions to meet the needs of tomorrow is an essential building block of Emerson’s growth.
Focus and Discipline
We are able to keep this balance through a strong commitment to our manage- ment processes and fundamental core business strategies.
Four business imperatives at Emerson serve as the foundation for steady growth and drive our organization: (1) strengthen business platforms, (2) pursue technology leadership, (3) globalize assets and
(4) drive business efficiency.
11
2010 Annual Report

  12
Global Business Integration
Emerson Climate Technologies helps passengers of China’s railway and subway systems ride in reliable, air- conditioned comfort. Travel by rail is an important solution to the challenges in urban public transportation and is often the preferred choice for moving from one place to another in heavily populated areas. With perseverance, an absolute focus on the customer, proven technology and manufacturing sites in the region, Emerson’s Copeland ScrollTM compressor technology has become the railway market leader in China. The passenger rail system in China is growing. With a research and development strategy to drive continuing innovation and new technology, Emerson will grow with it and serve expanding markets In China.
 
 13
2010 Annual Report

    14
Global Business Integration
Emerson’s actions to strengthen its business platforms are marked by continual assessment of our current assets, targeted growth initiatives, acquisitions and divestitures.
Over time, as we reposition and evolve, some businesses no longer provide the growth
and return profile we expect at Emerson and divestiture becomes the best strategic option. And there are times when acquisitions that strengthen our business platforms and position us to better serve our customers are the most prudent way to use our cash to grow and
add long-term value.
We made two key acquisitions in 2010 in Emerson Network Power, Avocent and Chloride, to strengthen our ability to address customers’
growing demand for reliable power, energy efficiency and an integrated data center solution. (See related story on Page 4.) In fiscal 2010, we sold our appliance motors and U.S. commercial and industrial motors businesses – an action necessary to maintain a mix of Emerson business portfolios that fuel growth and drive higher margins and returns.
Technology investments provide a competitive advantage and help form the foundation for above-average growth in the markets Emerson serves. We will continue to pursue technology leadership to enhance profitability. Emerson
is focused on developing game-changing products and technologies, and we have invested internally in our Innovation Centers

  Emerging Markets Represent
34%
of Total Sales
  and through acquisitions in market-leading technologies to differentiate our solution offerings. A great example is showcased in the growing market success of Emerson Process Management’s Smart Wireless technology. (See related story on Page 8.)
We have often said that Emerson is a business without borders, and we mean it as we continue to globalize our assets. This is not new for us. For example, we have been in China for more than 30 years and India for
27 years. We have recently extended newer operations and facilities in other parts of Asia, Latin America and Eastern Europe. Growth in emerging markets will continue to outpace that of mature markets. Today, our emerging
market investments, including a shared- service facility in Sorocaba, Brazil; a Network Power precision cooling facility in Jiangmen, China; and a Process Management sales and service center in Abu Dhabi are fueling growth, supporting customers and delivering best-cost position. There is much more to come.
Emerson Climate Technologies’ growing presence in Asia – particularly in China – is evidence of what convergence of global trends and growing markets has to offer. (See related story on Page 12.) Emerging markets will
play an ever-increasing role in our success, but we will remain strong in serving mature markets, which remain important for our global customers and for Emerson.
15
2010 Annual Report

 16
At Emerson,We Do what we say we are going to do.
Our focus on driving business efficiency benefits both top-line and bottom-line growth. We continuously find ways to improve our existing assets and processes in times of strong markets and in economic downturns. To do anything else would erode shareholder value. We continue to improve trade working capital efficiency, generate strong operating cash flow and carefully manage capital expenditures to achieve appropriate levels of targeted returns on our investments.
Emerson’s disciplined approach to building sustainable business models is core to our long- term success and expanding shareholder value.
Looking Ahead
Global economic trends are more positive as I write this letter, and I don’t expect a double-dip recession as we head into 2011. However, we do expect growth around the world will be slow and steady. It’s likely to be a global recovery unlike anything we have seen in modern times, but we are prepared for it. Given the economic and financial turmoil of the past two years, it is understandably a cautious environment. That said, our customers are spending again and once again investing in their future. This means Emerson will benefit from an expanding
capital marketplace.
Key Global Engineering and Design Sites
 Newtown, Wales Angouleme, France Stavanger, Norway Mikulov, Czech Republic Cluj, Romania Chelyabinsk, Russia
              Austin, TX Chanhassen, MN Marshalltown, IA Sidney, OH Columbus, OH
Mumbai, India Pune, India Delhi, India
Xi’an, China Shenzhen, China Wuqing, China Suzhou, China Shanghai, China Manila, Philippines
  
 Emerson Facts
   34% 35%
36% 37% 37%
21.8% $3.3 20.1% $3.0
$3.3 $3.1
    18.4% 18.9% 16.2%
$2.5
         2006 2008 2010
New Product Sales
Percent of Sales
2006 2008 2010 2006 2008
2010
Return on Total Capital
Operating Cash Flow
Dollars in billions
54%
Operating Cash Flow Returned to Shareholders Over the Last Five Years
We expect underlying sales in fiscal 2011 in the 7 to 10 percent range, surpassing our 5 to 7 percent through-the-cycle growth target. Our profitability should further improve, exceeding 17 percent operating margin for the first time in 40 years. We will continue to restructure, but at a more normal pace, and reposition our business to accelerate growth in an improving market. Fiscal 2011 should be a strong year.
I close by again thanking the people and leaders of Emerson for their many contribu- tions. Extraordinary talent is the lifeblood of a healthy and vibrant organization. Emerson has amazing people with remarkable talents in every region of the world.
Their passion for achievement and ability to
do what has never been done before fuel our success. It is a pleasure and honor to lead the Emerson global team. I also thank shareholders and the board of directors for their support as we continue to grow this company and take Emerson to higher levels of achievement –
on all fronts.
Thank you for your continued support and commitment.
David N. Farr
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
     17
2010 Annual Report
