Celebrate. Challenge. Consider It Solved.
To our Shareholders,
As Emerson moves from 2014 into 2015, we will celebrate 125 years in business Ð a milestone few companies can claim. For a century and a quarter, Emerson has been a leader and an innovator of the important technologies of our times. We take tremendous pride in that legacy, which fuels us to grow and improve for generations to come. This noteworthy anniversary offers us an opportunity to celebrate the past, evaluate present challenges and define our vision for the future.
As we enter our 125th year, I cannot help but reflect on our long and rich history. Emerson has evolved from a regional supplier of motors and fans, to a national manufacturer of market-leading technologies, to a global engineering and solutions provider that drives innovation across the worldÕs most complex industries. In a bygone era, Emerson helped consumers live and work more comfortably. Today, Emerson enables
the production and processing of energy in ways
never before imagined; management of the digital economy through state-of-the-art data centers; automation of factories that drives productivity and savings; and climate control for people and food, providing unparalleled energy efficiency, reliability and sustainability. It has been a challenging and rewarding journey Ð and it is just getting started.
As we have experienced over the decades, the world is unpredictable and fast-changing, and this past year was no different. The rate of underlying sales change in 2014 improved from the previous year, but global macroeconomic expansion remained tepid, limiting growth. Underlying sales increased in all five segments, with growth in Network Power offset by divestitures that will enhance our portfolio for future growth and profitability. Overcoming the challenges of this past year, gross profit margin expansion
continued, improving to 41.4 percent, exceeding last yearÕs record performance. Excluding an impairment charge related to the 2010 Chloride acquisition,
EBIT margin improved to 16.5 percent, even with substantial investment acceleration to build upon our technology leadership position, drive future growth and enhance the value of our global franchises.
 ONE-YEAR PERFORMANCE
 Years ended September 30
Dollars in millions, except per share amounts
Sales
Net earnings
Diluted earnings per share
Diluted earnings per share excluding charges*
Dividends per share Operating cash flow Return on total capital Return on equity
2013 2014 $24,669 $24,537
percent change
(1)% 7% 10 %
6% 5% 1%
 *2014 earnings per share excludes a $0.72 goodwill impairment charge and 2013 excludes $0.78 of goodwill impairment and income tax charges.
FIVE-YEAR PERFORMANCE
$ 2,004 $ $ 2.76 $
$ 3.54 $ $ 1.64 $ $ 3,649 $
16.4% 19.2%
2,147 3.03
3.75
1.72 3,692 17.5% 20.7%
 Years ended September 30
Dollars in millions, except per share amounts
Sales
Net earnings
Net earnings per share
Diluted earnings per share excluding charges*
Dividends per share Operating cash flow Return on total capital Return on equity
2009 2014 $20,102 $24,537
$ 1,724 $ 2,147 $ 2.27 $ 3.03
$ 2.27 $ 3.75 $ 1.32 $ 1.72 $ 3,086 $ 3,692
16.2% 17.5% 19.5% 20.7%
five-year cagr
4% 4% 6%
11 % 5% 4%
 *2014 earnings per share excludes a $0.72 goodwill impairment charge.
2014 Emerson > 03

Celebrate. Challenge. Consider It Solved.
Excluding charges, earnings per share increased 6 percent to $3.75, a solid performance given the modest global growth environment.
Emerson continued to generate robust cash flow, reflecting the quality of our portfolio, continued investment in our businesses and our commitment
to execution. Of the $3.7 billion in operating cash flow, 61 percent was returned to shareholders through dividends and share repurchase, the fourth consecutive year exceeding a 60 percent payout. This capital allocation performance demonstrates our focus on generating sustainable returns for shareholders, which is further evidenced by another milestone: the completion of our 58th consecutive year of dividend increases. In November, the Board of Directors increased the first quarter dividend by 9 percent to
an annual rate of $1.88.
EmersonÕs foresight and willingness during the past 125 years to adapt and remake itself to meet the changing needs of customers, markets and investors are remarkable. The ability to change, restructure and reposition have long been fundamental to our ongoing business success. Responding intelligently, strategically and quickly to change, and in many cases initiating it, continues to be essential to maintaining our industry leadership.
Our perseverance and longevity are rooted in a culture of innovation, leadership, discipline, execution and long-term planning. These principles have guided
us through periods of transition, disruptions and growth since our beginning. They compel us to
invest when times are tough in order to ensure we protect our global franchises and better position the company for the future. As we have grown over time, the commitment to our foundational management process has been continuously renewed as we have seen its benefits allow each generation of Emerson
leaders to strengthen the company through an
intense focus on creating long-term shareholder value.
This mindset drove the strategic decision this past year to look beyond the uncertain economic environment, and to pivot toward accelerating internal investments to drive higher levels of growth. As we shared at our annual investor conference in February, moving into 2014 we recognized an unprecedented number of long-term growth opportunities. Consistent with our determination to look ahead to future value creation and resist the temptation to think short term when the environment is challenging, we aggressively pursued growth initiatives focused on global penetration, technology development, customer engagement and transformative innovation. We made great strides toward implementation of key strategic programs, enhancing our position to create value in the near term and far beyond.
A rigorous focus on creating and sustaining value
for our shareholders, customers, employees and communities Ð regardless of economic trends Ð has always been at the core of how we operate. As we have continued to build upon our technology position and lead our served industries, our customers have increasingly relied on us to solve their most difficult challenges. The following pages of our annual report provide a glimpse into a few of these complex challenges. But make no mistake, there are countless examples of our Consider It Solved commitment to our customers that define us and underscore what inspires us. And as we help our customers succeed, with a dedication to execution and superior quality, our shareholders are rewarded as well, as reflected in robust returns decade after decade. Strong alignment between our culture and our commitment to our customers, shareholders and employees has been Ð and will continue to be Ð fundamental to our success.
2014 Emerson > 04

As we celebrate 125 years, we remain grateful for
your support. Rest assured that we are not slowing down or looking back. In the near term, we are sharply focused on improving growth and execution in 2015. Orders momentum and record year-end backlog suggest an improving environment for sales and margin expansion, and we expect cash flow to remain at high levels to support future investment. And, yes, while next year is important, we constantly plan and strategize much farther out. Emerson is positioning itself for market and economic trends five, 10 and
20 years into the future. Our next milestone anniversary may be many years away, but we are confident Emerson will be stronger then than it is today, and our customers, shareholders, employees and communities will continue to benefit from our success.
Also key to EmersonÕs enduring success has been a strong partnership between the Board of Directors and management teams over time. I am grateful to our Board for the invaluable insight and unmatched integrity, support and leadership that it continues
to provide. We strengthened the Board further this year with the addition of Dr. Candace Kendle, who brings deep management capabilities and extensive corporate governance experience that will be an asset to Emerson and its shareholders for years to come.
On behalf of the Board of Directors and all of EmersonÕs employees around the world, we invite you to join us as we celebrate our milestone next year, and we thank you for your confidence and trust.
Sincerely,
David N. Farr
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
The Office of the Chief Executive (from left): Frank J. Dellaquila, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Edward L. Monser, President and Chief Operating Officer; David N. Farr, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Charles A. Peters, Senior Executive Vice President; Steven J. Pelch,
Vice President Organization Planning and Development
      2014 Emerson > 05
