LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
 Persistence Pays Superior Shareholder Returns
2004was another banner year for EOG Resources with
double-digit production growth and shareholder returns that well outpaced most peer companies. Especially noteworthy is our stock price performance viewed over the last five years. Clearly, our long-term strategy is working.
When we became an independent company in 1999, we announced our intention to concentrate on the fundamentals of the exploration and production business. Our priorities included:
• Focusing on per share results and
working diligently to maintain our reputation as a rate of return driven company that creates superior shareholder value,
• Being financially conservative and managing our company with high ethical standards,
• Growing the company through the drillbit with an aggressive drilling program concentrating largely on the development of natural gas, along with select oil targets,
• Seeking higher return, tactical acquisition opportunities in areas where EOG is established, rather than pursuing big-ticket mergers and acquisitions,
• Ranking repeatedly as a low-cost industry operator,
• Continuing to explore and exploit our existing properties located in almost every major producing basin in the United States and Canada with a consistent approach,
• Adding new, big-target domestic plays to our existing program,
• Developing our offshore Trinidad properties, while at the same time seeking another new international venue that fits our strict selection criteria,
• Placing our dynamic employees in close proximity to the plays they explore and operate, and
• Attracting and retaining top technical talent, while developing and honing their skills, as we work toward being the exploration and production industry’s ‘employer
of choice.’
Since we articulated this straightforward, flexible yet deliberate strategy, we have followed through with persistence and the result is strong performance over a chain of successful years.
Mark G. Papa
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Edmund P. Segner, III
President and Chief of Staff
  2004 ANNUAL REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS 1

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
 Enhancing Shareholder Value
In keeping with EOG’s ongoing dedication to enhancing shareholder returns, the board of directors recently
approved a two-for-one stock split in the form of a stock dividend effective March 1, 2005. Following a 20 percent increase in early 2004, the board voted to again increase the common stock cash dividend 33 percent in 2005 to an indicated annual rate of $0.16 per post-split share. This represents the fifth increase in six years.
EOG reported record net income available to common of $614 million for 2004, compared to $419 million for 2003. For 2004, EOG’s return on equity (ROE)(1) was 25 percent and return on capital employed (ROCE)(1) was 18 percent. Our return to shareholders(1) was 55 percent for the 12-month period.
In addition to our growth in net income and strong returns, EOG’s 2004 cash flow essentially funded our capital program. We ended the year with a 27 percent debt-to-total capitalization ratio(1), down from 33 percent at year-end 2003. EOG also redeemed $50 million in preferred stock, further strengthening the balance sheet.
From an operations perspective, 2004 was a breakout year. Total company production increased 10.4 percent, as compared to 2003. We are targeting outstanding total company production growth of 13.5 percent in 2005 and 8 percent in 2006.
At year-end 2004, total company net proved reserves were approximately 5.6 Tcfe, an increase of 430 Bcfe, or 8 percent higher than 2003. For the 17th consecutive year, internal reserve estimates were within 5 percent of
external reserve estimates prepared by the independent reserve engineering firm, DeGolyer and MacNaughton, that evaluated 77 percent of EOG’s proved reserves on a Bcfe basis in 2004.
The impressive performance EOG achieved in 2004 was derived from our strong, established exploration and production activities. With a preference for organic growth, EOG’s operations continue to expand and flourish. Once again, in 2004, EOG ranked as one of the five most active drillers in the United States.
During 2004, we announced that we had identified a big target play located in the Fort Worth Basin of Texas. Potentially significant in scope, the Barnett Shale play is expected to generate a very high reinvestment rate of return, year after year. We have prospects for a multi-year drilling inventory for this notable discovery, which will be additive to our United States operations.
Establishing a firm foothold in the United Kingdom North Sea last year, EOG commenced production in the third quarter with current net production of approximately 35 MMcfed. In 2005, we have plans to expand our drilling efforts there.
In Trinidad, EOG commenced natural gas sales to NGC for the N2000 ammonia plant in mid-2004. Also, we contracted to supply natural gas to NGC for both the M5000 methanol plant, which is scheduled to come on-line in July, and for an LNG plant beginning in mid-2006.
With significant opportunities throughout our operations, EOG’s expected capital budget for 2005 is approximately $1.6 billion, excluding potential acquisitions, versus $1.5 billion spent in 2004.
EOG YEAR-END RESERVES
(Bcfe)
5,647
4,602
01 02 03 04
United Kingdom Trinidad
United States and Canada
EOG DAILY PRODUCTION
(MMcfed)
1,1001,0861,117
    5,216
4,229
                        1,233
             01 02
03 04
 2
EOG RESOURCES, INC.

 The Dynamics of Performance
Barnett Shale Play
While EOG’s Texas Barnett Shale play is creating excitement because of its potential scope and ability to generate high reinvestment rates of return for years to come, the company’s worldwide operations have a very extensive drilling inventory.
 2004 ANNUAL REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS 3
 
 The Technology of Performance
Roleta Trend
South Texas explorationists, Andy Scott (seated) and Dan Flores (standing), fuel EOG’s penchant for ‘growth through the drillbit’ by generating exciting new drilling opportunities. After increasing total company production on a daily basis by 10.4 percent in 2004, EOG is targeting a 13.5 percent increase for 2005.
 4 EOG RESOURCES, INC.
 
315%
145%
-11%
EOG Peers* S&P 500 *AMEX Natural Gas Index
EOG NET INCOME AVAILABLE TO COMMON (Millions)
shareholders(1) is truly more meaningful because it reflects company performance since we became independent. Between 2000 and 2004, EOG’s return to shareholders was 315 percent. This compares favorably to a loss for both the S&P 500 and the Dow Jones Industrial Average during this same period. The average return to shareholders for our peer group during the period was 145 percent.
Clearly, EOG’s out-performance of the S&P 500 and the Dow Jones Industrial Average is linked to rising natural gas and crude oil prices over the five-year period. However, the company’s outstanding performance relative to its peer group cannot be attributed only to rising hydrocarbon prices because all exploration and production companies benefited from higher prices.
It’s our belief that what has set EOG apart is the consistent focus on returns, measured by ROE and ROCE. Over the five-year period, 2000-2004, EOG averaged 23 percent ROE(1) and 15 percent ROCE(1) — significantly higher than our peer group average. Although exploration and production companies typically generate high levels of cash flow, companies that consistently reinvest that cash flow at high rates of return will have higher ROE and ROCE ratios over time. To reinforce our focus on achieving high returns throughout our organization, EOG’s bonus plan is primarily allocated based on reinvestment rates of return.
OG continues to view the North American natural gas market as tight, driven by declining domestic supply
LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
 COMPARATIVE FIVE-YEAR RETURNS TO SHAREHOLDERS(1) (2000 - 2004)
Exemplary Shareholder Returns
North American Natural Gas Story Unfolds
W
hile we are pleased about our 2004 performance, EOG’s five-year return to
E
and increasing demand to produce electricity. Initial year decline rates in the United States have reached 50 percent with overall decline rates at 30 percent. Just to keep production flat, every year the United States natural gas industry must replace 30 percent of the previous year’s total production. Even at full rig utilization, this has become extremely difficult. Thus, domestic production continues to decline. On the other hand, the demand for electricity has increased in 27 of the last 30 years. For many years to come, the increased demand for electricity will be met by natural gas-fired plants because few alternate sources — coal, nuclear or hydroelectric plants — are being constructed. Renewable energy sources, such as wind turbines, supply only a very small portion of the country’s energy needs.
Our Commitment to the World Around Us
       $614
$76
  $388
$419
      01 02 03 04
in health, safety and the environment. We have voluntarily adopted the member ethics of the Domestic Petroleum Council devoted to protecting land, air and water and have an outstanding operations safety record.
O
ur employees share the responsibility for EOG’s commitment to excellence
We continually seek ways to enhance the safety of our operations such as implementing a program to pinpoint the exact routes of our underground natural gas flow lines using global positioning
 2004 ANNUAL REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS 5

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
 satellite technology. Also, EOG annually recognizes noteworthy accomplishments of our employees with regard to environmental, health and safety practices. Last year this included an Oklahoma City team, which created an innovative spill-free system on a waterflood project that is increasing oil recovery from a mature reservoir.
EOG employees regularly provide leadership on the front lines of the communities in which they live and work. For example, for the fifth consecutive year, Houston employees donated gifts during the holiday season for children in crisis at Casa de Esperanza. EOG is a corporate sponsor of the Cactus & Crude MS 150 Bike Tour in Midland, and our employees are very involved in the March of Dimes WalkAmerica fundraising event in Corpus Christi. Across our operations, numerous other instances demonstrate our employees’ respect and care for their neighbors and communities.
Looking Ahead
With the election of W. D. (Bill) Stevens and H. Leighton Steward to the EOG Board of Directors last year, EOG added two more experts from the exploration and production industry to oversee its activities. Bill Stevens, who has had a long career in the energy industry, most recently was president and chief operating officer of Mitchell Energy and Development Corporation. Another industry leader for decades, Leighton
Steward served as vice chairman of Burlington Resources until his retirement.
Based on the strength of EOG’s performance to date, we believe we have the employees, the assets and the game plan to steadily post superior shareholder returns for another five-year period and beyond. To reach our goal, we’ll continue to focus on our long-term strategy that emphasizes financial returns, a strong balance sheet and organic production growth with a high reinvestment rate of return. We will rely on the proven performance of our operations in the United States, Canada and Trinidad, augmented by the new Texas Barnett Shale and North Sea discoveries, as we add other new plays to our portfolio. In all aspects of our business, we will strive for consistency because that is the foundation that underlies EOG.
Mark G. Papa
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Edmund P. Segner, III President and Chief of Staff
February 24, 2005
(1) Refer to reconciliation schedule on page 55.
EOG TOTAL EXPLORATION & DEVELOPMENT EXPENDITURES (Millions)
$1,510 $1,333
$1,163
$836
01 02 03 04
Trinidad/United Kingdom/ Other International
United States and Canada
EOG YEAR-END DEBT-TO-TOTAL CAPITALIZATION RATIO(1)
41% 34%
01 02 03 04
                       33%
    27%
         6
EOG RESOURCES, INC.
