 Letter to Shareholders
We Are Using Technology to Unlock the Future
EOG Resources’ fundamentals were proven rock-solid again in 2006. By continuing to execute the strategy set forth more than seven years ago, EOG grew production through the drillbit, maintained a low debt level and turned in strong returns as measured by both return on equity and return on capital employed. Utilizing these same cornerstones, in recent years EOG has delivered superior shareholder performance in the volatile natural gas market.
Although EOG’s strategy may sound simple and even repetitious, to our more than 1,500 employees, its implementation is neither tedious nor monotonous. Year after year, it remains constant, creating an innovative and energized EOG workforce, whom we consider to be some of the exploration and production industry’s elite. This clear, simple direction propels our employees to excel at their jobs in the company’s highly effective decentralized work environment.
Advances in technology and techniques are playing an integral role as EOG pursues its goal of being the best exploration and production company in North America, not necessarily the biggest. The development, implementation and refinement of technology have become so integral to EOG’s mindset that we now consider it essential to our future.
The breakthrough that helped the company gain efficiency in drilling, well completion or production optimization last week or last month is probably already being modified. Next week brings with it the opportunity to make greater strides in productivity and cost control as we turn even more of our attention to unlocking the complex North American reservoirs that never before have been challenged with this level of intensity and ingenuity.
EOG continues to drill vertical wells in reservoirs where that technology is applicable. Through the prowess we have developed in vertical drilling and fracturing techniques, EOG has successfully recovered natural gas from tight formations for many years. Now with horizontal drilling, EOG is riding the wave of the future to tap into resource plays locked in low permeability zones such as shales, sandstones and carbonates.
Loren M. Leiker Mark G. Papa Gary L. Thomas
Edmund P. Segner, III Senior Executive Vice President and Chief of Staff
 Senior Executive Vice President, Exploration
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Senior Executive Vice President, Operations
2006 Annual Report to Shareholders 1

 Letter to Shareholders
According to current industry statistics, horizontal wells account for approximately 10 percent of all onshore drilling in the United States and Canada. While the industry ratio is expected to grow to 30 to 35 percent within the next five years as more resource plays are developed, EOG is already ahead of these forecasts. In the United States, we are currently drilling approximately 50 percent of our wells horizontally, refining our skills and seeking improvements as we go. This gives our company a technical edge, which we expect will allow us to capture additional large North American resource plays.
First Mover Advantage
Using this highly developed skill set to identify plays that share unique reservoir characteristics, in 2006 EOG was able to accumulate sizeable acreage positions at attractive prices in three prolific domestic basins during the early stages of their development.
The first, a southern extension of the Fort Worth Basin Barnett Shale Play, confirmed that this is a much bigger natural gas field than originally thought. With approximately 610,000 total net acres leased in the play at year-end 2006, EOG estimates that it may have captured approximately 4.5 to 6.7 net Tcf of potential reserves, of which only 829 Bcfe were booked as proved reserves at year-end 2006.
In the second play, the South Texas Wilcox near Laredo, EOG is drilling horizontally in sandstone. The net natural gas reserve potential in that play is estimated to be in the range of 400 to 600 Bcfe.
EOG’s third new play is the Bakken Shale Oil in North Dakota, where the company has accumulated 130,000 net acres. There, the company estimates that net potential reserves may be in the range of 30 to 70 MMBbl of oil.
By the Numbers
In 2006, EOG once again reported one of the highest financial returns of our large cap peer group with 26 percent return on equity (ROE) (2) and 25 percent return on capital employed (ROCE) (2). We believe that since becoming independent, EOG’s returns are among the very best in our peer group and compare favorably to any industry across the spectrum of
The development, implementation and refinement of technology have become so integral to EOG’s mindset that we now consider it essential to our future.
                                                                 6,194
5,647 5,216
6,802
1,2521,289
              614 419
    03 04 05 06
03 04 05 06
              2 EOG Resources, Inc.

  Horizontal Drilling
EOG utilizes horizontal drilling technology to target the most productive part of a reservoir that may be virtually inaccessible and non-commercial using traditional vertical methods. By penetrating an extended cross-section of the formation and completing each well in the most prolific section, EOG maximizes the recovery of hydrocarbons. Although not every well EOG drills in North America is horizontal, the company is increasing its use of this technology with strong results.
 2006 Annual Report to Shareholders 3
 
 Letter to Shareholders
 Hydraulic Fracturing
EOG is an industry leader in hydraulic fracturing, a technique used to stimulate production from tight reservoirs. By creating a highly effective flow path for hydrocarbons to follow as they move from the reservoirs and produce into the well bore, the company extracts natural gas or crude oil that might otherwise be left behind. EOG has developed proprietary fracturing processes specifically designed for each well that are continually modified to generate the best results.
 4
EOG Resources, Inc.
 
 EOG is riding the wave of the future to tap into resource plays locked in low permeability zones such as shales, sandstones and carbonates.
1,561
.36
American business. For the seven-year period ended December 31, 2005, EOG’s average ROE (2) was 29 percent as compared to 14 percent for the S&P 500 Index. For the same period, EOG’s average ROCE (2) was 19 percent versus 8 percent for the index. During this timeframe, EOG ranked 56th and 109th, respectively, among all S&P 500 companies when measured on ROE and ROCE, and second in each category among all oil and natural gas producers.
In 2006, EOG reported net income available to common of $1,289 million, compared to $1,252 million for 2005. EOG exited 2006 with a net debt-to-total capitalization ratio (2) of 8 percent, one of the lowest in our peer group. To further reduce our cost structure, the company bought back $47 million of preferred stock, leaving $53 million outstanding.
EOG remains one of the lowest operating cost companies, an achievement of which we are particularly proud. A top Wall Street exploration and production analyst's research indicates that EOG’s two- year rate increase on a cost per unit basis was among the lowest of the companies in our peer group.
EOG’s production, all organic growth with high returns, climbed 9 percent in 2006. We expect to achieve significant growth again in 2007.
Following a 50 percent increase in 2006, EOG’s Board of Directors again increased the cash dividend on the common stock. Effective with the dividend payable on April 30, 2007 to record holders as of April 16, 2007, the quarterly dividend on the common stock will be $0.09 per share. The indicated annual rate of $0.36 per share reflects a 50 percent increase from 2006, the seventh increase in eight years.
Where We Operate
EOG respects the people and the communities where we operate and with whom we do business. Our goals are to develop positive working relationships and act responsibly.
Sound environmental, health and safety practices are components of the planning, developing and decision-making process at EOG. Meeting or exceeding associated industry standards is part of our responsibility as a good corporate citizen and important to the continued success of EOG’s business. Therefore, environmental, health and safety considerations are the responsibility of every EOG employee.
                                                                       1,433
1,233 1,117
.24
.16
     .12
   03 04 05 06
04* 05 0607**
         2006 Annual Report to Shareholders 5

 Letter to Shareholders
Our workforce brings enthusiasm and dedication home to the cities, towns and neighborhoods where they live. They demonstrate a high level of commitment to those around them by volunteering their time and talents, as well as making monetary donations to support a wide range of activities and initiatives. EOG lauds and supports their efforts that make a difference in the lives of others.
Never satisfied with the status quo, EOG strives to be the “employer of choice” in our industry. In the first year it was eligible for consideration, EOG was named to FORTUNE’s 2007 list of “The 100 Best Companies to Work For.” We were the only exploration and production company to be included.
Looking Ahead
Representing a solid foundation, EOG’s strategic fundamentals have performed well for the company, generating consistent, long-term shareholder performance since EOG became a totally independent company in 1999. In 2007 and beyond, foremost in our minds will be achieving the two simple goals that we revisit every year: deliver the best long-term profit and return metrics of the peer group while achieving the best long-term equity performance of the peers.
Entering 2007, EOG’s balance sheet is very strong; we have both an attractive growth portfolio and a demonstrated ability to maintain cost control. Therefore, we believe EOG is positioned to continue to achieve both favorable debt-adjusted growth per common share and excellent reinvestment rates of return for our shareholders.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
February 26, 2007
(2) Refer to reconciliation schedules on page 58.
In the first year it was eligible for consideration,
EOG was named
to FORTUNE’s 2007 list of “The 100 Best Companies
to Work For.”
                                                                                    2,996
1,878
1,510 1,333
33%
   27%
19%
12%
            03 04 05 06
03 04 05 06
      6 EOG Resources, Inc.
