  AT THE START OF 2000, EOG WAS CONFIDENT IN THE VALIDITY OF ITS LONG-TERM NATURAL GAS
THESIS AND STRATEGY. AS ENERGY EVENTS UNFOLDED DURING THE YEAR, EOG’S TENACITY AND SINGLE- MINDED PURSUIT OF THE FUNDAMENTALS WERE REWARDED. ITS 2000 STOCK PRICE PERFORMANCE WAS UNPARALLELED IN THE INDUSTRY, ITS ORGANIC GROWTH WAS UNMATCHED AND ITS POSITIONING FOR CONTINUED SUCCESS IN 2001 AND BEYOND WAS SOLIDIFIED.
Letter to Shareholders
EOG has been called a ‘no-excuses’ company. Our approach to the exploration and production business has been characterized as ‘what you see is what you get.’ Frankly, we like both descriptions. They accurately sum up EOG’s commitment to a long-term natural gas strategy and the fundamentals that underpin our company’s foundation. EOG is natural gas based, per share focused, and rate of return driven, and is both a low cost producer and a con- sistent performer. Our commitment to that strategy and adherence to those fundamentals has not changed.
In our first full year as a truly independent exploration and production company (no longer associated with Enron Corp.), we made progress toward our goal of being ranked as the best independent exploration and pro- duction company in the industry. Our success created a momentum that was fueled by achieving — and in some cases exceeding — the goals we articulated this time last year. We also benefited from the highest natural gas and crude oil prices in recent history. Therefore, we are reporting outstanding 2000 results.
Delivering on our promises
EOG's stock price appreciated 211 percent during the year, ranking it third in the S&P 500 Index, to which we were added in November. EOG outperformed every stock in our peer group, more than doubling their average stock price appreciation. For 2000, EOG reported net income available to common of $385.9 million, or $3.30 per share, compared to 1999 net income available to common of $57.6 million or $ .49 per share, adjusted to exclude operations in India and China transferred to Enron Corp., and various non-recurring items primarily asso- ciated with the share exchange agreement with Enron Corp.
With one of the highest weightings to natural gas in the industry, EOG decided early in 2000 to remain unhedged. This proved beneficial when industry natural gas prices began a steady rise from $2.29 per MMbtu on January 1 to $9.52 per MMbtu on December 31, resulting in over $1.0 billion of discretionary cash flow to EOG. Natural gas prices for the year averaged $4.29 per MMbtu. Much of that cash flow was plowed back into the ground allowing us to substantially increase our production through the drillbit in 2000 and to build a drilling
 2 EOG RESOURCES, INC.
  
 Left, Mark G. Papa
Right, Edmund P. Segner, III
 inventory for the future. Other cash above our capital program was used to repurchase shares and reduce debt. During the year, we also took advantage of industry merger dynamics to make a significant investment in
geologists and geophysicists, increasing EOG’s headcount of prospect generators by 25 percent.
At the beginning of the year, EOG set a target of 4 percent growth in North American production, increased it to 7 percent at the end of the first quarter and upped it to 8 percent at the end of the third quarter. This degree of organic production growth is unique in the industry and is particularly important at a time when North
American natural gas has become so valuable.
Because of EOG’s atypical focus on earnings per share, cash flow per share and production per share, the
reduction of over two million shares of common stock outstanding during the year was significant. We closed out 2000 with 116.9 million shares of stock outstanding, continuing the pattern we established when EOG began to reduce the 160 million shares it had outstanding in 1996. During 2000, we paid down over $130 million of debt, ending the year with a 38 percent debt-to-total capital ratio. We also announced a 17 percent increase in our annual dividend from $.12 to $.14 per share in the second quarter.
Each of our seven North American Divisions and our International Division delivered outstanding perform- ances in 2000 with continued emphasis on reinvestment rate of return. We increased the number of divisions during the year by adding EOG Resources Appalachian LLC, following the acquisition of Somerset Oil & Gas Company, Inc. of Indiana, Pennsylvania. This addition gives us a foothold in a new, proven hydrocarbon basin.
Natural gas becomes North American headline news
During the winter of 2000-2001, tight natural gas supplies and strong demand fueled by colder than normal win- ter temperatures after four years of mild weather converged to push natural gas prices to new highs. This latest chapter in the North American natural gas story caught consumers by surprise. However, at EOG, we regarded this convergence as a matter of timing. These factors have combined to establish a new price benchmark for
 2000 ANNUAL REPORT 3
    
  natural gas and heighten awareness and appreciation for this clean burning, efficient, environmentally friendly fuel. EOG expects continued tightness in the natural gas market. It is anticipated that the future will be shaped by the following trends:
• Demand for natural gas will continue to escalate from 22.2 Tcf this year to 29.0 Tcf in 2010 in the U.S., according to a recent National Petroleum Council study. Much of that increase will be the result of new demand from natural gas fired electric generating plants that are already being approved, sited and built. The recent California power crisis has confirmed the need for additional plants.
• During the decade of the 1990s, natural gas from individual wells was produced at a faster rate than had been his- torically possible due to significant improvements in completion technology. The U.S. natural gas decline rate has increased significantly over this period.
• On the supply side, U.S. reserves discovered per well dropped from an average of 1.34 Bcf in 1995-97 to .99 Bcf in 1998-99.
• Canadian natural gas supplies that have historically absorbed the majority of the growth in U.S. natural gas con- sumption are no longer keeping pace with U.S. demand. Western Canadian production has been flat, influenced by factors such as smaller reserve targets drilled and decline rates similar to those in the U.S.
Consistency, consistency, consistency: cornerstone of EOG’s game plan
In 2001, the key to meeting our objectives is consistency. We are not a company whose strategy changes regularly — just for the sake of change.
First and foremost, we will make prudent use of capital. We are aware that portions of this industry have histori- cally embarked on value-destroying capital investments, particularly in periods of high cash flow such as today. That’s why we place such a strong emphasis on prudent use of capital.
We will continue to primarily explore for reserves rather than make large acquisitions. Organic growth for an explo- ration and production company is like blocking and tackling for a football team. It’s not as glorious as being involved in a big acquisition but it gets consistent results. During 2000, the after-tax unlevered rate of return on our drilling pro- gram was 66 percent compared to 16 percent on the acquisitions we made.
Our drilling program mix now includes a greater number of larger potential prospects than in the past. This pro- vides an augmentation to our basic ‘singles and doubles’ strategy.
We plan to add to our international portfolio in 2001 and will continue to increase our market presence in Trinidad. In 2000, we captured a market for a portion of our U(a) block natural gas to supply a new ammonia plant. Because of high North American natural gas prices, domestic fertilizer operations and other industries that require natural gas as feed- stock are looking to alternative locations like Trinidad. We expect to add an additional market for our Trinidad gas in 2001.
We will continue to focus on activities that have a per share impact. Although EOG has not participated in a major merger, our share price has out-performed the stock price of the surviving entities of the major mergers and transac- tions that have taken place in the exploration and production industry peer group in the last three years.
 4 EOG RESOURCES, INC.
  
 In 2001, EOG’s main thrust is to add value by generating prospects, drilling wells, controlling costs and focusing on rate of return. This strategy isn’t likely to grab any headlines, but it provides consistent bottom line results.
Our strength is our employees
A review of 2000 and a look ahead at 2001 and beyond at EOG would be incomplete without paying tribute to EOG’s employees. The consistent game plan that management has laid out is being put into action daily in our division offices and our Houston headquarters. Thank you for your efforts!
Welcome to all new employees, including our expanded geological, geophysical, land and engineering teams, whose expertise is adding new skills to our existing workforce of prospectors.
Our nine divisions operate as autonomous profit centers, similar to nine entrepreneurial mini-exploration and pro- duction companies. These decentralized, cohesive units are physically located close to their areas of operations and are focused on executing the EOG strategy. This portfolio approach to our asset base continues to deliver solid results for EOG shareholders.
During 2000, we acted true to our beliefs at EOG and were rewarded for it. Our commitment has not wavered. There are very few management teams in the exploration and production sector who deliver long-term results. We want to continue to be one of the management teams that does. We want to be the best independent exploration and pro- duction company, the best driller and producer, and the best employer. We will settle for nothing less.
Mark G. Papa Edmund P. Segner, III Chairman and Chief Executive Officer President and Chief of Staff
    2000 ANNUAL REPORT 5
  