 In 2015, as it has done throughout its 115-year history, the El Paso Electric Company (“EE” or the “Company”) delivered clean, safe, reliable and affordable electricity to our customers in the west Texas and southern New Mexico region.
Our dedicated team of more than 1,000 employees was able to build upon past successes and foster a culture which will enable the Company to continue to excel in the areas of safety, reliability and customer satisfaction for years to come.
In recent years, our region has experienced solid growth driven by increased investment from both the private and public sectors, and we currently are required to deliver electric power to over 400,000 customers. Accordingly, we have taken many steps to meet the growing and changing needs of our customers, while maintaining and enhancing the safety, security and reliability of our system. Since 2009, the growth throughout our service territory has led the Company
to invest close to $1.3 billion in new generation assets, expanded transmission and distribution capabilities, and grid modernization equipment, including investments to enhance the cybersecurity of our system.
This substantial capital outlay includes the recently completed Montana Power Station (“MPS”) Units 1 & 2, the Eastside Operations Center, and new transmission and distribution lines. During this period, EE added over 545 megawatts
of new and more efficient local generating facilities to its system. These additions will allow us to meet the growing demands being placed on our system, and also will serve to replace generation units that are at or near the end of their useful lives. For example, we are excited by the prospect of becoming a coal-free utility in July of 2016 when we sell our 7% ownership interest in Units 4 and 5 at the Four Corners Generating Station, a sale made possible by our commitment to build local generating capacity.
As a result of these investments, the Company filed significant rate cases in Texas and New Mexico during 2015
to ensure that customers were charged rates which were fair and reasonable in light of the Company’s substantial commitments of capital since the prior rate cases. These requested increases are integral to maintaining the Company’s financial strength and stability. The decline in earnings per share during 2015 by more than 10% to $2.03 per share from $2.27 per share in 2014 highlights the need for appropriate and timely rate recovery to ensure that we can continue
to fulfill our commitments to customers and shareholders alike.
In the Texas rate case, the Company has reached a settlement with the majority of the parties on most of the issues, including the Company’s future revenue requirement. We believe that our commitment to establish and maintain a credible and open dialogue with all affected stakeholders facilitated the settlement of the Texas case. A final order is expected in Texas later this year. In New Mexico, the rate case went through a contested hearing process, and EE is awaiting the final order from the New Mexico Public Regulation Commission. As these cases develop, we will continue to communicate with all stakeholders in an open and transparent manner.

Looking to the future, as west Texas and southern New Mexico continue to grow, the Company will need to add additional generating capacity and upgrade existing infrastructure. We currently expect to invest an additional $1.1 billion over the next five years. Slightly less than half of these future capital expenditures are earmarked for additional generation capacity. Our new generating units will also enhance operational flexibility due to their quick start and cycling capabilities. This ability to respond promptly to changes in our system’s supply and demand is critical to our ability to lead the electric utility industry in the deployment of solar generating capacity, including our current portfolio of large-scale solar generation as well as the additional 8 megawatts of large-scale solar resources currently under consideration.
In 2016 alone, the Company plans to add two additional 88 megawatt gas-fired units at MPS, and will begin preparing the rate cases needed to recover these and other investments. EE currently expects to file rate cases in New Mexico and Texas in early 2017. The Company’s current capital investment and rate recovery plans have been communicated to our regulators and our other stakeholders to ensure transparency and collaboration at the earliest stages of the rate-making process.
As we face the challenges and changes that lay ahead for our region and our industry, we remain committed to safely and reliably serving our customers while providing long-term value to our shareholders. The people of the El Paso Electric Company have focused their talents on providing clean, safe, reliable and affordable electricity to the Company’s customers for over one hundred years. We are committed to continuing this proud tradition in the coming years as our region and the electric utility industry both continue to grow and evolve.
In closing, we also note that 2015 marked another turning point for our Company when Tom Shockley retired as our Chief Executive Officer. We would like to extend our gratitude to Tom for his outstanding leadership during his three-year tenure as our CEO. Tom’s leadership and foresight strengthened our relationships with our customers and regulators, while enabling our Board to develop and execute a successful management transition plan. We look forward to working with Tom going forward as a valued member of our Board of Directors.
Thank you for your continued confidence in the El Paso Electric Company.
Charles A. Yamarone Mary E. Kipp Chairman of the Board of Directors Chief Executive Officer
   