                DEAR EE INVESTORS, CUSTOMERS, REGULATORS
AND ALL INTERESTED STAKEHOLDERS,
For over 100 years, El Paso Electric (“EE” or the “Company”) has been dedicated to the long-term success and well-being of our region. Our over 1,000 local employees, management team and Board of Directors are committed to continuing our history of anticipating and investing in the plant, equipment and facilities required to provide economical, clean and reliable energy for our growing region’s needs.
Accordingly, several years ago, EE began planning and investing to replace its aging plant and equipment, some of which continues to operate beyond its initially expected useful life. In the case of our largest source of generation, our 633 megawatt (MW) interest in Palo Verde which provides 46% of our power, we are pleased that the useful life of the three units has been extended by 20 years each so they will now operate until 2045, 2046 and 2047. However, much of our fossil fuel generation is already more than 50 years old and is based on dated, less efficient technology. In the past 5 years, we have spent almost one billion dollars for the replacement of plant and equipment, as well as for additional generation, transmission and distribution plant to serve the growth in our communities. This included the construction of the Company’s first new power plants in almost 30 years – the 288 MW Newman 5 natural gas-fired combined cycle plant to serve base load needs and the 87 MW Rio Grande Unit 9, a quick start natural gas-fired simple cycle unit. To continue to serve the growth of our communities and replace antiquated plant and equipment, we expect to spend an additional $1.3 billion in the next 5 years. This will include the construction of the new Montana Power Station as well as new transmission and distribution lines to meet our region’s needs. As always, we are planning and managing our expenditures to ensure we are good stewards of our customers’ hard-earned dollars and the capital entrusted to us by our investors. We appreciate the trust placed in us by our stakeholders as we provide for the current and future needs of our customers and the communities we serve. Our ability to serve our customers over time requires EE to ensure its financial strength by achieving a fair return on its invested capital, which in the coming years will require the first significant net base rate increase in 20 years.
2013 solidified EE’s role as a leader in renewable energy and sustainable practices. Because we have the good fortune to be located in the high mountain desert of the Southwest, and due to the reduction in the cost of solar panels, we have been able to incorporate significant utility scale solar generation into our portfolio at a cost competitive with conventional fossil fuel alternatives. The use of utility scale solar provides the most economic solar option for our customers and also allows all of our customers to benefit from this powerful resource. In 2014, the addition of 60 megawatts of solar energy, added as a system resource at a competitive price compared to other fuel sources, will more than double the amount of solar energy used to serve all our 394,000 customers. Environmental stewardship implemented economically for our customers is among our top priorities. We are proud that our generation portfolio makes EE one of the industry’s cleanest utilities with one of the lowest carbon footprints in the country for a utility of our size.
As committed as we are to developing our renewable portfolio, the vibrant, growing communities we serve in west Texas and southern New Mexico require reliable generation available 24 hours a day. Our vision for providing safe, clean, affordable and reliable energy is through the addition of state-of-the-art natural gas-fired generation and cost competitive renewables as depicted on the cover of this report. This carefully designed mix of solar and local clean burning natural gas generation will provide our customers, hardworking families and businesses with the energy they need to prosper and be safe 24 hours a day, seven days a week.

ANNUAL REPORT 2013
  EL PASO ELECTRIC
 The Company’s 2013 accomplishments provide clear examples of our commitment to meeting the region’s needs. First,
we continued to make significant progress on our capital construction programs. During 2013, we expended $237 million in additions to utility property, plant and equipment. These necessary investments will enable us to continue to meet our customers’ expectations for cost effective, clean and reliable electrical service. In addition to the commercial operation of Rio Grande Unit 9 and the planned additional 60 MW of solar energy mentioned above, other accomplishments include:
• The construction of a new 7-mile transmission line designed to meet growing energy needs and ensure reliability in southern New Mexico;
• The start of construction of a new Distribution Operations Center designed to enhance response time and customer service, which is scheduled for completion in early 2015; and
• The opening of a new customer service office in downtown El Paso.
In 2013, despite some initial delays in the permitting process, we successfully obtained the necessary permits from the state of Texas for the Montana Power Station, our new $372 million state-of-the art local generation facility. This 352 MW four-unit power station will serve approximately 160,000 homes and will also utilize the quick-start, natural gas-fired technology used in our recently completed Rio Grande Unit 9. The Montana Power Station will provide EE the ability to reliably and economically support additional renewable generation resources in the future. The final permit needed to begin construction, a greenhouse gas permit, was obtained from the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) in March 2014 and will become effective 30 days from the date of issuance unless it is appealed. We are currently on track to bring the first two units of the power station online by summer of 2015, in order to meet the growing energy needs of the communities we serve in a timely manner.
After careful analysis, EE has determined that it is in the best interest of its customers not to participate in extending the operation of the almost 50-year-old coal-fired Four Corners Power Generating Station after the plant’s scheduled retirement in July 2016. We believe there are more economical alternatives for meeting our customers’ needs. EE, which has a 7% interest in Units 4 and 5 of the plant, will continue to work with the other owners and the Navajo Nation to facilitate their efforts to extend their operation of the plant beyond 2016. Also, Arizona Public Service Company has expressed an interest in buying EE’s stake. Upon our exit from Four Corners, we will no longer own coal-fired generation.
In 2013, our employees once again proved that their focus, dedication, and commitment are keys to reliable service. For three consecutive years, EE has received the highest reliability rankings for investor-owned utilities in Texas for the System Average Interruption Duration Index (SAIDI) and the System Average Interruption Frequency Index (SAIFI), as compiled by the Public Utility Commission of Texas. And again this year, our crews had the opportunity to demonstrate their dedication and commitment to helping others by assisting crews of Public Service Company of New Mexico in restoring electricity to our neighbors after a devastating summer storm.
We are not only stepping up to the challenge of meeting our communities’ energy needs, we are also working to positively influence our region in other ways as well. Not surprisingly, many questions and concerns were raised regarding many of our infrastructure development projects. We worked with community groups and private citizens to ensure they had the accurate information they needed in order to understand our projects, the need for them, and the impact on their communities. As always, EE is working to be a good corporate citizen that will positively impact the communities where we work and serve. We look forward to strong, enduring partnerships with our stakeholders based on transparency, respect, and trust as we enter this next phase.
We appreciate how fortunate we are to serve our region. There are countless examples of how EE and its employees fulfill their commitment to making our communities better places to live and work, through both financial contributions and, often more importantly, by contributing their time. While far too many to describe, 2013’s contributions included two $250,000 endowment gifts to the engineering departments of New Mexico State University and the University of Texas at El Paso, in honor of our late
Chairman of the Board, Kenneth Heitz. These endowments will be used for scholarships to promising students and also include internship opportunities at EE. We provide internships for younger students as well and, for the second year in a row, a group of 14 area high school students worked for the Company over the summer. In addition to these programs, we provided grants to over 150 local non-profit organizations. A vast majority of these non-profits were chosen because one or more of our employees is actively involved in the organization, and we see a direct connection to the long-term betterment of our communities from their work. Our employees contributed more than 15,000 hours of community service in 2013.The positive impact from this dedication, along with the financial commitment from EE, cannot be overstated.
The year was not without challenges. On the regulatory front, due to the delays in receiving the permits for the Montana Power Station, we have revised the projected dates for the commercial operation of Montana Power Station Units 1 and 2 to the second quarter of 2015. As a result, the Company currently expects to file a request to increase base rates in 2015 in both Texas and New Mexico. The anticipated need for rate recovery is necessitated predominantly by the increase in our net invested capital driven by the replacement of plant and equipment as well as growth in power requirements. This includes investments in Rio Grande Unit 9, which became operational in May 2013, and the Montana Power Station Units 1 and 2, which are currently scheduled to be operational by June 2015. EE has also made significant investments in transmission and distribution plant to enable it to meet the region’s growing needs.
In 2013, we also experienced a decline in non-fuel base revenues for the twelve months ended December 31, 2013, as compared to the corresponding period in the prior year. This decline was due to less favorable weather during our 2013 summer cooling season and lower revenues from governmental customers. Additionally, our revenues for the twelve months ended December 31, 2013 reflected a carryover impact of the reduction in non-fuel base rates for our Texas customers which became effective May 1, 2012. These factors contributed to a decline in earnings from $2.27 per basic share in 2012 to $2.20 per basic share in 2013.
Since 2008, EE’s stock price has appreciated at a compound annual growth rate of over 14% notwithstanding 2013’s earnings decline. In 2013,
EE distributed a total of $42 million in cash dividends and increased its quarterly cash dividend by 6% to $0.265 per share (from $0.25 per share) in the second quarter of 2013. This is the second consecutive year in which the Company has increased the quarterly cash dividend since the dividend program was re-initiated in 2011. EE continues to maintain a healthy balance sheet which is viewed favorably by the financial community. Standard and Poor’s reaffirmed its BBB issuer credit rating and stable outlook on October 10, 2013. On January 20, 2014, Moody’s upgraded EE’s senior unsecured and issuer credit ratings to Baa1 from Baa2.
As has been the trend for many years, 2013 again saw an increase in the number of customers served by EE. We anticipate that such growth will continue. 2014 will continue the challenging, but rewarding, work of building new infrastructure for our growing communities. We are reminded every day of the great strides made by both EE as well as by our region and, more importantly, of our potential. Our service territory is gifted with extraordinary sunshine
to power economical utility scale solar facilities; the benefits of serving two growing states; sharing a border with the thriving and resilient community
of Juarez, Mexico; two universities producing a high-caliber work force; and the local military institutions of Fort Bliss in Texas and White Sands Missile Range and Holloman Air Force Base in New Mexico. Every day, the entire EE team is working to provide reliable and economical power to our customers now and for the future, to generate appropriate returns for our shareholders and to make our communities and our Company even better places to live and work.
On behalf of the EE team, we thank all our stakeholders for the opportunity to serve.
Thomas V. Shockley III Michael K. Parks
Chief Executive Officer Chairman of the Board
  