                                          TO OUR FELLOW LIMITED PARTNERS OF ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.,
Overall, 2002 was an excellent year for our partnership.
• We invested approximately $1.6 billion to acquire three outstanding, fee-oriented businesses that provided immediate cash accretion to our limited partners and, we believe,
will provide future cash flow growth.
• Our general partner took the landmark action to eliminate
its 50% incentive distribution right to enhance the long-term growth prospects of the partnership and the limited partner units.
• The partnership posted solid financial results despite a sluggish economy and an unfortunate hedging loss in our Processing segment.
• The growth of our fee-based businesses and related cash flow supported a 10.4% increase in the cash distribution rate to limited partners.
DISCIPLINED EXPANSION – BUILDING A BUSINESS
During the year, there were many opportunities to purchase energy assets just for the sake of growth. Consistent with our objective to build a business and create long-term value for our partnership, we were very patient and disciplined in our approach to evaluating these assets. To meet our criteria, an asset must have potential for long-term organic growth; provide additional value through integration with our existing assets; and expand or strengthen our geographic or business footprint.
In the first quarter of 2002, we completed the acquisition of Diamond-Koch’s propylene fractionation business and its NGL and petrochemical storage business for $369 million. These assets integrate with our large complex of facilities in Mont Belvieu, Texas. Mont Belvieu is the largest NGL market hub in North America and adjacent to the largest consuming market for NGLs in the world on the U.S. Gulf Coast.
We believe the addition of these assets makes Enterprise one of the leading providers of propylene fractionation services and NGL and petrochemical storage services in North America. Demand for propylene is forecasted to increase by approximately 5% per year through 2006. These assets should provide our partnership with a stream
 of reliable cash flows and opportunities for growth through increased utilization and expansion.
Our most significant investment was the $1.2 billion acquisition of the Mid-America Pipeline system and the Seminole Pipeline system from affiliates of The Williams Companies. These two pipeline systems constitute the premier NGL pipeline network in North America. Our ability to react quickly, which has been one of our strengths throughout the company’s 35-year history, enabled us to complete this transforming transaction.
In July, we received an inquiry from Williams as to our interest in purchasing these assets. Within a period of nine days, we updated our due diligence on the pipelines, negotiated the purchase price and many related agreements, arranged for $1.2 billion in financing and funded and closed the transactions.
These pipeline systems include 8,500 miles of NGL pipelines and transport approximately 900,000 barrels per day of NGLs. Through the integration with the Mid-America and Seminole pipelines, our assets on the Gulf Coast now connect to the major natural gas and NGL supply basins in the continental United States and Canada, including the prolific deepwater Gulf of Mexico and the Rocky Mountains.
In total, we invested $1.7 billion in the growth of Enterprise during 2002, far surpassing our goal of $400 million.
 300%
250% 200% 150% 100%
50% 0% -50%
BEST PERFORMING PARTNERSHIP
Total Return: January 1, 1999 - December 31, 2002
33%
  254%
EPD
69%
Pipeline
MLP Median
-28%
         (1)
REIT S & P Index 500
(1) Pipeline MLPs include BPL, EEP, EPD, EPN, KMP, KPP, NBP, PAA and TPP.

                                          2
   GP ELIMINATES 50% INCENTIVE DISTRIBUTION RIGHT
Like all publicly traded partnerships, Enterprise’s general partner is motivated to grow the partnership and the cash distribution rate to limited partners through an arrangement called Incentive Distribution Rights, or IDRs. As the cash distribution rate to limited partners increases, the IDRs cause the general partner to earn a larger percentage (generally up to a maximum of 50%) of the incremental cash distributions paid by the partnership.
Enterprise’s general partner is owned by management and an affiliate of Shell Oil Company, which collectively own over 159 million limited partner units, or 80% of the total limited partner units outstanding at March 31, 2003. This large ownership of limited partner units by the owners of the general partner directly aligns the economic interest of our general partner with that of our public partners.
In December, our general partner unilaterally eliminated its 50% IDR, which was applicable at an annualized cash distribution rate of $1.568 per unit, and capped its IDR at the current level of 25%. The GP received no consideration for taking this action. This step was unprecedented for a growth-oriented partnership. As we continue to grow, we believe this action will increase the intrinsic value of Enterprise’s limited partner units by:
• shifting cash flow from the general partner to the limited
partners, to reinvest in the growth of the partnership
and to retire debt;
• lowering our cost of capital, which will make new
investments more accretive in terms of cash flow available
for distribution to limited partners; and
• increasing the potential and reducing the risk of sustaining
the growth of our partnership.
SOLID PERFORMANCE FROM FEE-BASED ASSETS
During 2002, our fee-based businesses in the Pipeline and Fractionation segments delivered consistent results. Total gross operating margin from the Pipeline and Fractionation segments increased 60% from $215.2 million in 2001 to $343.9 million in 2002. This increase was due to acquisitions, each of which has met or exceeded our expectations, and from organic growth. Our results were somewhat offset by a decrease in demand for some of our midstream energy services due to the weak economy that reduced the demand for ethane by the petrochemical industry.
Our progress to increase the amount of gross operating margin the partnership earns from fee-based businesses was reflected in Enterprise’s financial results for the fourth quarter of 2002. During this quarter, the Pipeline segment generated $86.2 million of gross operating margin, which nearly equaled the $87.3 million the Pipeline segment earned for the entire years of 1999 and 2000 combined.
The performance of our Processing segment in 2002 did not meet our objectives. This underperformance was due to a decrease in the demand for ethane and persistently high natural gas prices relative to NGL prices which reduced natural gas processing margins and our equity NGL production. We also recognized a book loss of $51.3 million in 2002 from the utilization of natural gas financial instruments to hedge a portion of our 2002 equity NGL production. The actual cash loss associated with these hedging activities was $45.7 million.
This hedging program was successful in 2001; however, in the first quarter of 2002, the effectiveness of this strategy deteriorated with the rapid increase in natural gas prices. As a result of the continued volatility in the price of natural gas and its negative impact on this hedging program, we promptly exited and ceased the use of this strategy.
During 2002, the partnership generated $226.1 million of distributable cash flow (cash generated from operations less capital expenditures to maintain our assets) which provided 1.0 times coverage of the cash distributions paid to limited partners with respect to 2002. Excluding the hedging loss, distributable cash flow provided 1.2 times coverage of the cash distributions paid.
 $2.00 $1.50 $1.00 $0.50
$1.25 $1.38
2000 2001 2002
INCREASING CASH DISTRIBUTIONS TO PARTNERS
7 increases over last 12 quarters; 53% total increase
      $1.00
$1.10
 $0.90
      $0.00
1998
1999
Rate at Year-End
Annualized Distribution Rate

                                          3
  $5 $4 $3 $2 $1 $0
FOCUS ON GROWING THE PARTNERSHIP
Investing in Hard Assets...
508% INCREASE
1998 1999 2000 2001 2002
Year-End
                INCREASE IN CASH DISTRIBUTION RATE AND TWO-FOR-ONE SPLIT
One of our primary objectives in 2002 was to increase our cash distribution rate to limited partners by at least 10%. Supported by the growth of our fee-based businesses and cash flows, we increased the distribution rate by 10.4% from an annualized rate of $1.25 per unit at the beginning of 2002 to $1.38. Over the last four years, we have increased our cash distribution rate by 53.3%, or a compound annual growth rate of 14%. In May, we also completed a two-for-one split of our limited partner units.
LOOKING AHEAD – ORGANIC GROWTH & ACQUISITIONS
We believe our partnership has become one of the leading midstream energy service companies in North America and provides producers and consumers of natural gas and NGLs with a unique offering of value-added, integrated services. Enterprise should realize organic growth (volume growth and facility expansions) associated with the development of the deepwater Gulf of Mexico and the Rocky Mountains, as well as the U.S. economy’s growing demand for petrochemicals and motor gasoline. Total natural gas production from the deepwater Gulf of Mexico and the Rockies is forecasted to increase by over 100% by 2015 and supply 47% of U.S. incremental demand for natural gas.
In addition to organic growth, our focus in the upcoming year will also be on acquisition opportunities that make sense for the long-term benefit of our partnership. We are in a unique period in our industry to acquire outstanding assets at very attractive prices. These types of acquisitions, like our purchase of the Mid-America and Seminole pipeline systems, will provide our partners with near term cash accretion, as well as additional organic growth opportunities.
  Our primary annual financial goals are to:
• invest an average of $500 million in the growth of
our partnership;
• maintain a capital structure that is consistent with solid
investment-grade debt ratings;
• increase the amount of gross operating margin earned
from fee-based businesses; and
• increase our cash distribution rate to limited partners
by at least 10%.
COMMON INTERESTS WITH PUBLIC LIMITED PARTNERS
Our recap of 2002 would not be complete without recognizing the efforts of the partnership’s 1,300 employees who made it happen. Their integrity, pride and hard work is evident in our long-term relationships with customers, the excellent condition in which our assets are maintained and one of the best safety records in the industry. Their dedication to the success of the partnership is also exemplified by their economic commitment.
In 2002, after receiving many requests since our IPO, we established a plan where our employees could purchase Enterprise’s limited partner units from the market at a nominal discount with a portion of their after-tax payroll dollars. Approximately 28% of our employees are partici- pating in this program. Together, Enterprise’s management and employee team own 60% of the partnership’s limited partner units. Our interest in the long-term prosperity of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. will continue to be fully aligned with those of our public partners.
We sincerely appreciate the support and loyalty of our employees and limited partners during 2002 and as we go forward in 2003.
  President and Chief Executive Officer Chairman
 Total Assets - $ Billions
