    DEAR UNITHOLDERS
 By any measure, the year 2000 was an excellent year for Enterprise Products Partners. The partnership generated record revenues, earnings and cash flow. We announced over $600 million of investments; the majority of which were investments in pipeline and fractionation assets. These investments will provide new sources of fee-based cash flow for our partnership. We broadened and diversified the partnership’s base of midstream energy assets through strategic acquisitions of attractive natural gas pipeline businesses. We believe this will enhance our potential to benefit from expected increases in natural gas demand and production growth from the Gulf of Mexico and the Louisiana Gulf Coast.
As a result of the growth of the partnership’s fee-based cash flow, we raised the annual cash distribution rate
to partners by $0.10 per unit in both July and January to coincide with the payment of the second and fourth quarter cash distributions. These two increases raised our annual cash distribution rate in effect at the end of the year to $2.20 per unit, which achieved our objective of increasing the distribution rate by 10 percent annually.
Record Performance Due to strong demand for natural gas liquids (“NGLs”) and our midstream energy services and new streams of earnings from businesses that we acquired or constructed over the past eighteen months, Enterprise reported revenues, net income and cash flow that significantly exceeded previous records. Revenues surpassed $3.0 billion, which was a 128 percent increase over revenues of $1.3 billion in 1999.
Net income increased 83 percent to $220.5 million, or $2.64 per unit on a fully diluted basis, from $120.3 million, or $1.64 per unit, reported last year.
With each of our major segments posting solid volume growth, gross operating margin for the year was $320.6 million, a 79 percent increase compared to $179.2 million in 1999. Our fee-based segments, Fractionation, Pipeline and Other, recorded a 32 percent increase in gross margin. This margin expansion was due to increases in volume and margin from acquisitions and new growth projects that were completed since mid-1999. The Processing segment accounted for $122.2 million of gross margin. Processing benefited from increases in NGL-rich natural gas volumes from deepwater developments that were handled by our plants and resilient demand throughout the year for NGLs which resulted in strong unit margins.
During 2000, we generated $292.9 million of cash flow, or $4.32 per unit based on the average number of Common and Subordinated partnership units outstanding. This provided over 200 percent coverage of
the $2.10 per unit in cash distributions paid during 2000. While Enterprise’s 16.5 million Special Units do not receive cash distributions until their conversion into Common units over the next three years; we consider the ultimate conversion of these units when we establish our cash distribution rate. Cash generated in 2000 would have provided 166 percent coverage of the distribution requirement had the Special Units been eligible to receive cash distributions during 2000.
 01
  
      400%
300%
200%
100%
0%
coverage OF cash DistributIONS
Common Units
3Q98 4Q98 1Q99 2Q99 3Q99 4Q99 1Q00 2Q00 3Q00 4Q00
$2.40
$2.20
$2.00
$1.80
$1.60
  Common & Subordinated Units All Units
   Annual Distribution Rate
                             We believe our capital allocation policy will create long-term value for our limited partners and maintain the partnership’s strong balance sheet. Our cash distribution rate to partners is primarily based on the cash flow generated by our fee-based businesses and considers the future conversion of the Special units. The cash generated in excess of the distribution requirement is reinvested in new growth projects, acquisitions and to retire debt. Last year, we generated over $290 million of cash, provided our partners additional current income through a 10 percent increase in our cash distribution rate and reinvested approximately $150 million back into the partnership to fund growth which will create long term value.
   100 75 50 25 0
cash flow
3Q98 4Q98 1Q99 2Q99 3Q99 4Q99 1Q00 2Q00 3Q00 4Q00
Cash Distributed to Partners Cash Reinvested
                   02
Focused Growth In 2000, we initiated over $600 million of investments which expand Enterprise’s integrated midstream energy system and build upon our value chain approach to enhance economic return. These acquisitions and construction of new projects were consistent with our growth strategy to:
• position the company to benefit from increased demand and production of natural gas and NGLs from the deepwater developments in the Gulf of Mexico;
• invest in joint venture projects with strategic partners;
• expand through complementary acquisitions as major energy companies seek to
divest “non-core” assets; and
• increase the amount of cash generated from fee-based services.
    $Millions
Coverage
Distribution Rate

   Our $226 million acquisition of Acadian Gas, LLC is a strategic investment that provides us with a significant entry point into the natural gas pipeline and storage business in Louisiana. Acadian is a 1,000-mile intrastate pipeline system with over one billion cubic feet (“Bcf”) per day of capacity. The system includes a natural gas storage facility with a capacity of 3.4 Bcf. We completed the purchase of Acadian from an affiliate of Shell Oil Company with an effective date of April 1, 2001.
We are excited about Acadian’s growth potential. The system delivers natural gas supplies to over 110 customers primarily located in Louisiana’s Mississippi River industrial corridor. Its customers include gas-fired electric utilities, natural gas utilities and large industrial customers. There are opportunities for volume growth from Acadian’s traditional customer base and from seven gas-fired power projects currently being developed by third parties in areas near the pipeline. Acadian also has access to growing supplies of natural gas from deepwater developments in the Gulf of Mexico and should benefit from renewed drilling activity on the Louisiana Gulf Coast.
Recently, we completed the acquisition of ownership interests in the Nautilus, Manta Ray, Nemo and Stingray natural gas pipelines and the West Cameron Dehydration facility for approximately $113 million in cash. These systems have an aggregate capacity of 2.85 Bcf per day and consist of 725 miles of pipe. These pipelines trans- port natural gas from deepwater and continental shelf areas in the central Gulf of Mexico to onshore processing plants and pipelines that transport the gas to the end-use markets. Our partners in these facilities are affiliates of Shell Oil Company and Marathon Oil Company who have dedicated production to some of these pipelines.
Significant Investments Announced in 2000
Investment
Acadian Gas, LLC
Interests in 4 Gulf of Mexico natural gas pipelines
Lou-Tex Propylene Pipeline
Lou-Tex NGL Pipeline
Baton Rouge Propylene Concentrator
Description $Millions
Louisiana intrastate $226 natural gas pipeline
Links offshore production
to onshore processing 113 plants and pipelines
Links propylene markets 100 in Louisiana and Texas
Links NGL markets in 90 Louisiana and Texas
Joint Venture with 20 ExxonMobil Chemical
$549
Completed
April 2001 January 2001
March 2000 November 2000 July 2000
       03

         O.S. Andras (L) President and Chief Executive Officer; and Dan L. Duncan, Chairman
We are confident of our growth prospects over the next several years. We have already identified investments in new pipeline projects in 2001 that will either secure additional supplies of natural gas and NGLs for our integrated system or allow us to serve new markets. We also believe the trend of major energy companies divesting midstream energy assets and outsourcing those related services will continue.
Financial Objectives Our management team has an established track record of consistent earnings growth. Since 1993, which includes four and a half years of operations as a private company with limited access to capital; we have been successful at growing our EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization) from consolidated and unconsolidated affiliates at a compound annual growth rate of 29 percent. In the brief two and a half years that we have been public, we have invested over $1.2 billion in acquisitions and new projects to create a major, integrated midstream energy service business on the Gulf Coast. During the past three years, our EBITDA has grown at a 43 percent compound annual growth rate.
Today, we are more optimistic about our future growth potential than at any other time in the thirty-three year history of our company. Looking to the future, our financial objectives are to:
• invest $300 million annually in accretive growth projects and acquisitions in the midstream energy sector;
• increase EBITDA by an average compound annual growth rate of 15 percent;
• increase our cash distribution rate to limited partners by 10 percent annually; and
• maintain a conservative capital structure and a solid investment grade
balance sheet.
Closing Remarks In 2000, we successfully executed our growth strategy. Also during the year, the financial markets returned to the tried and true principles of valuing equity securities based on net income, return on capital and cash flow. Our partnership units benefited from both of these events. Our limited partners who owned Enterprise partnership units for the entire year of 2000 were rewarded for their loyalty. Our partnership units provided a yield of 11.5 percent, based on the price of the units at the beginning of the year and the respective cash distributions, and capital appreciation of 70.5 percent for a total simple return of 82.0 percent.
Our management team appreciates the support that our limited partners have given us over the past year and as we begin 2001.
   04
Dan L. Duncan Chairman
O.S. Andras President and Chief Executive Officer
