                    Letter to partners of
enterprise products partners L.p.
    Enterprise Products Partners completed an excep- tional year in 2005 as we generated record earnings and distributable cash flow and exceeded our goal for increasing cash distributions to our partners. These achievements were largely due to the successful integra- tion of GulfTerra Energy Partners, L.P. and the vital role our fully integrated midstream value chain plays
in serving the needs of our nation’s growing energy markets. At the same time, we advanced Enterprise’s long-term growth plans by expanding our presence into new regions, solidified our competitive position
in existing markets and developed a number of new infrastructure projects to provide producers and consumers of natural gas, NGLs and crude oil with midstream energy services. These projects will extend the partnership’s value chain and position Enterprise for a period of substantial growth in the years ahead.
During the year, we also faced considerable challenges. Our employees in the Gulf Coast region demonstrated remarkable dedication and determination in helping our partnership quickly recover from the ef- fects of two major hurricanes while maintaining critical logistical services to the energy industry during and after the storms. Reflecting on 2005, it was a benchmark
year in the history of the partnership as we continued to build a strong nationwide platform of assets, confirmed the value of our organic growth strategy and executed our integrated business model to deliver record financial results and create long-term value for our partners.
2005 – A RecoRd YeAR
Enterprise reported record revenues of $12.3 billion, gross operating margin of $1.1 billion, net income
of $420 million and distributable cash flow of $906 million. The benefits of business and geographic diversification from our 2004 merger with GulfTerra were evidenced by the partnership’s ability to generate stable cash flows throughout 2005, despite the hurricanes and record energy price volatility. In
addition, we exceeded our cost savings target for
the merger which also contributed to our record earnings and cash flow.
Growth in distributable cash flow supported
four increases in our cash distribution rate to partners from an annualized rate of $1.60 per unit at the end
of 2004 to an annualized rate of $1.75 at the end of 2005, a total increase of 9.4%. Enterprise’s distributable cash flow for the year provided approximately 1.3 times coverage of the distributions declared with respect to 2005. Since completing the merger with GulfTerra, we have increased the cash distribution rate to partners in each of the five consecutive quarters by a total of 10.8% and also retained over $200 million that was reinvested to fund capital investments, retire debt and support working capital needs.
Enterprise’s consistent track record of increasing
cash distributions dates back to our initial public offering
in July 1998. In addition to paying distributions for thirty
consecutive quarters, we have increased the cash distribution
rate to partners fifteen times by a total of 94%, which
represents a compound annual growth rate of 9.3%. 
despite HuRRicAnes
As you are aware, Hurricanes Katrina and Rita caused significant damage along the Gulf Coast in 2005 and resulted in lower contributions from our offshore and Louisiana onshore facilities. We are thankful that all of our employees and their families safely weathered
 GRowtH in cAsH distRibution RAte to pARtneRs
$1.75
$1.50
$1.25
$1.00
          $0.75
98 99 00 01 02 03 04 05
          Annualized Distribution Rate
9.3% cAGR
 
 
    GRoss opeRAtinG mARGin potentiAL fRom mAjoR GRowtH pRojects
$600 $500 $400
$300
$200
$100
$0
2006
2007
2008
           005 Projects
006 Projects
007 Projects
                        the storms. Our employees displayed much resolve in quickly returning our facilities to service while also dealing with their own personal situations. The partnership assisted where possible and provided temporary housing for those that were seriously affected. At the time of this writing, we are proud to say that all of Enterprise’s major facilities have returned to service. We would like to recognize and thank our employees for their efforts during this challenging time.
investinG todAY foR tomoRRow’s GRowtH
Enterprise’s assets are well situated to benefit from expected growth in both the production of and demand for natural gas, NGLs and crude oil. The partnership’s assets access approximately 90% of natural gas produc- tion and 85% of reserves in the lower 48 states and the Gulf of Mexico. On the demand side, we have pipeline connections to facilities that comprise more than 90% of the motor gasoline refining capacity east of the Rock- ies and approximately 97% of the petrochemical indus- try’s ethylene steam cracking capacity. As strong industry fundamentals continue to create new opportunities, Enterprise will remain focused on our organic growth strategy by investing in energy infrastructure projects in developing areas such as the Jonah and Pinedale fields and Piceance basin in the Rocky Mountains, the Barnett Shale region of North Texas and the deep waters of the Gulf of Mexico. Increased production from these prolific regions will drive our expansion opportunities and ensure adequate and reliable supplies for our natural gas, refining and petrochemical customers in the future.
Through 2005, we completed construction of three of our four major offshore projects: the Marco Polo plat- form and associated crude oil and natural gas pipelines, the Cameron Highway Oil Pipeline System and the
Constitution crude oil and natural gas pipelines.
An indirect consequence of the hurricanes has been
a temporary shortage of equipment available in the
Gulf of Mexico to drill, complete and repair wells.
This has led to delays of approximately six months in
the ramp up of new production at a few developments that are served by our Marco Polo facilities and Cameron Highway Oil Pipeline. While we are disappointed in
this delay, overall, we are pleased with the progression of these projects since producers have discovered additional reserves which should result in returns on investment exceeding our original forecasts.
Our largest remaining offshore project, the Independence Hub and Trail, is scheduled to be completed and placed in service in early 2007.
The Independence project has benefited from three additional natural gas field discoveries in the eastern Gulf of Mexico, increasing the total number of dedicated fields to ten. As a result of these additional dedications to the project, we are expanding the capacity of the platform and pipeline by 18% to one billion cubic feet per day. When operational and at full capacity, the Independence project will represent approximately 10% of total natural gas production from the Gulf of Mexico.
Once the Independence facilities are placed
in service, we will have completed a major offshore construction phase resulting in the largest set of independently owned midstream assets serving the outer-continental shelf and the deepwater trend of the Gulf of Mexico. With our backbone system in place, we believe future investments will principally be smaller pipeline projects to connect new discoveries to our existing platforms and pipelines or producers building laterals to connect to our facilities.
Since we acquired the Mid-America and Seminole Pipeline Systems in 2002, one of our primary objectives has been to extend our value chain in the Rocky Mountains. We have recently executed long-term dedications with some of the largest producers in the prolific Jonah and Pinedale fields of southwest Wyoming and the Piceance basin in northwest Colorado. These dedications and expected growth support approximately $1.4 billion of investments in building natural gas pipelines and processing plants and NGL pipelines, fractionators and storage facilities.
The Jonah and Pinedale fields are among the six largest natural gas fields in the United States based on proved reserves with reserve lives of approximately forty years. During the past four years, natural gas production in the Piceance basin has increased by an average of 23% per year and is expected to be a growing source of new production to meet the country’s energy needs.
   Millions

                   In addition to our regional strategies in the Rockies and the Gulf of Mexico, we have also identified opportunities to expand our onshore natural gas busi- nesses in Texas and New Mexico, and our petrochemical services and industry leading NGL franchise in the
Gulf Coast region. In total, we have a portfolio of approximately $3.5 billion of major growth projects that are either in service and ramping up or under develop- ment. Approximately $1.3 billion of this capital has already been invested and our capital budget for 2006 is approximately $1.7 billion.
We believe these projects will earn superior cash returns on investment as a result of the operating lever- age and incremental economics from our integrated value chain where the partnership earns a fee at each processing plant, pipeline, fractionator and storage facility. We estimate that the potential gross operating margin from these investments in 2008 to be in excess of $500 million. Coupled with Enterprise’s low cost of capital due to our general partner’s incentive distribution rights structure, we believe these major projects will provide significant accretion and visible growth in
cash flow per unit for our partners in the years ahead.
ALiGned inteRests
We continue to pursue our goal of providing our partners with an attractive total return by increasing
our cash distributions and the value of Enterprise’s partnership units. From our IPO in July 1998 through March 2006, we delivered a total return of approximately 298% including reinvested distributions, a compound annual growth rate of approximately 20%. We are disap- pointed to note that in 2005, due in part to a number of extraordinary events, the value of our partnership units did not reflect our accomplishments and the increase in the partnership’s distributable cash flow per unit.
We will continue to adhere to our business plan and communicate our results.
We would like to thank our approximately 2,600 employees for their efforts and contributions to the success of Enterprise. Their commitment is evident in the recognition that our partnership receives for safety, customer service and for once again being named as one of America’s most admired pipeline companies.
Approximately 25% of our employees participate in our voluntary employee unit purchase program by investing a portion of their payroll dollars in Enterprise’s partnership units. Together, our senior management team and employees own approximately 36% of our outstanding partnership units. Our interests and
goals continue to be closely aligned with those of
our public partners.
Thank you for your support during 2005 and as we continue to build Enterprise’s value in 2006.
   totAL RetuRn since ipo
300% 250% 200% 150% 100%
50% 0%
epd
partnership s&p pipeline median(1) 500
     (1) Includes BPL, EEP, KMP. NBP, PAA and TPP. Assumes reinvested distributions/dividends.

 {pictured left to right}
Dr. Ralph S. Cunningham
Group Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
Dan L. Duncan
Chairman
Robert G. Phillips
  President and Chief Executive Officer
           