  GROWTH IN CASH DISTRIBUTION RATE TO PARTNERS
$2.00
$1.75
$1.50
$1.25
$1.00
$0.75
$1.87
               $0.90
1998 1999
2000 2001
2002 2003
2004 2005 2006
  RATE AT YEAR-END
Letter to Partners
of EntErprisE products partnErs L.p.
2006 was another successful year for Enterprise Products Partners L.P. due to strong global and U.S. demand for NGLs, natural gas, crude oil, petrochemicals and for the midstream energy services that we provide. As a result, we posted another year of record financial performance including an 8 percent increase in distributable cash flow to $978 million, which supported a 7 percent increase in the cash distribution rate to our partners. We executed significant agreements with some of the leading producers of natural gas and NGLs in the high growth Rocky Mountains and the Barnett Shale region of Texas. These contracts provide long-term supplies to feed our midstream value chain and support investments in new facilities that will substantially expand the scope of the natural gas gathering, transportation, processing and storage services and NGL transportation and fractionation services we provide. Enterprise’s growth prospects for the coming year will build on the significant progress we have already made in the construction of approximately $2.5 billion of organic growth projects expected to begin operations and generate new sources of cash flow during 2007.
Another record YeAr
In 2006, Enterprise surpassed its record 2005 performance, the first full year after the merger with GulfTerra Energy Partners, L.P. We set all-time highs in all of our key financial measures. Revenues increased
14 percent to $14 billion and gross operating margin rose 20 percent to
$1.4 billion. EBITDA grew 21 percent to $1.3 billion, and net income increased
43 percent to $601 million. Our NGL Pipelines & Services segment, Petrochemical Services segment and Offshore Pipelines & Services segment each reported increases in gross operating margin of 30 percent or more.
These strong operating results led to record distributable cash flow of $978 million, which supported four distribution increases during 2006. Enterprise’s annualized distribution rate to partners increased
  
ANNUAL DISTRIBUTION RATE
9% CAGR

 GROWTH CAPITAL INVESTMENT
DISTRIBUTABLE CASH FLOW
$2,000
$1,600
$1,200   $1,134 $800
$1,850 $1,733
$1,050 $950 $850 $750 $650
$550 $541 $450
$350
$250 2004
$978 $906
                  $400
$0
2005
2006
2007 Estimated
2005 2006
    our goal remains: invest in long-term growth opportunities to provide our partners with an attractive total return.
  7 percent, from $1.75 per unit at the end of 2005 to $1.87 at the end of 2006. In addition, Enterprise retained approxi- mately $100 million of distributable cash flow to invest in organic growth projects to further enhance the value of our partner- ship and support future distribution increases to partners.
Our goal remains to invest in long-term growth opportunities to provide our partners with an attractive total return on investment through periodic increases in cash distribu- tions to partners and capital appreciation. Enterprise’s consistency in distributions paid to partners now extends to 34 consecutive quarters. We have increased our distribution rate in each of the last ten quarters and, since our initial public offering (“IPO”) in 1998, we have raised the distribution rate 19 times by a total of 108 percent. We have also been prudent with our distributable cash flow. Since 1999, the first full year after our IPO, Enterprise has generated almost $3.7 billion of distributable cash flow, $560 million, or 15 percent, of which has been retained to reinvest in the growth of the partnership and to reduce debt.
expAnding our Footprint
During 2006, our commercial teams successfully executed long-term contracts with some of the largest producers of natural gas and NGLs in the Rocky Mountains and the Barnett Shale trend in Texas’ Fort Worth Basin, including ExxonMobil, EnCana, BP, Ultra Petroleum and Devon, to name a few. These contracts anchor investments in a portfolio of organic growth projects that will expand our energy infrastructure footprint and strengthen our franchise in two of the most active producing areas in the U.S.
In our letter to partners last year, we described $1.4 billion of growth capital projects in the Rocky Mountains, which includes the prolific Jonah/Pinedale fields of Wyoming and the Piceance Basin in Northwest Colorado. Producers have had ongoing success in expanding these critical energy supplies, benefiting from some of the lowest finding and development costs in the country. Production in the Jonah/Pinedale area continues to increase and our timely expansion of the Jonah gathering system will be completed in 2007. ExxonMobil recently announced that the Piceance Basin
is one of their focus areas for the next several years with potential reserves of 35 trillion cubic feet (“Tcf”). Coupled with our recent acquisition of the Piceance Creek gathering system from EnCana and our 1.5 billion cubic feet per day (Bcf/d) Meeker processing complex under development, the Piceance Basin represents a unique long-term opportunity for Enterprise. As a result, we have increased our capital commitments in the Rockies to approximately $1.9 billion based on dedications from producers.
Due to growing natural gas produc- tion from the Barnett Shale region and developments in West Texas, we recently announced the expansion of our Texas intrastate pipeline to provide up to 1.1 Bcf/d of new export capacity to access higher value markets in the eastern U.S. The Sherman extension will link Enterprise’s Texas Intrastate pipeline system with our expanding natural gas storage facility located near Petal, Mississippi through a planned interstate pipeline, which will transport natural gas to existing interstate pipelines that serve major consuming areas in the eastern United States. This 2007–2008 project highlights Enterprise’s value chain philosophy by linking assets and providing customers with additional flexibility.
new SourceS oF cASh Flow in 007
Enterprise is scheduled to complete approximately $2.5 billion of growth capital projects in 2007 that will provide significant new sources of cash flow later this year and in 2008. The largest is our Independence Hub and Trail project (“Independence”) located in the Deepwater Trend of the eastern Gulf of Mexico. We completed the installation of the 1 Bcf/d Independence Hub platform in March 2007 and began earning demand revenues from the producers. We expect first production at the platform and the 134-mile Independence Trail pipeline in the second half of 2007. At full capacity, Independence should generate more than $200 million of incremental gross operating
  
MILLIONS
MILLIONS

margin per year for our partnership and represents a 12 percent increase in natural gas supplies from the Gulf of Mexico.
We expect approximately $1.5 billion of new projects to begin operations in
the third quarter of 2007. These include four of our Rocky Mountain projects: the 750 million cubic feet per day (“MMcf/d”) Meeker I natural gas processing plant
in the Piceance Basin, the 650 MMcf/d Pioneer gas processing plant at Opal, Wyoming, the 50,000 barrel per day (Bpd) expansion of the Rocky Mountain leg of the Mid-America pipeline (“MAPL”) system and the 75,000 Bpd Hobbs NGL fractionator. A new fractionator at our Mont Belvieu complex, which will have the capacity
to produce 1 billion pounds per year of polymer-grade propylene is also expected to be completed in the third quarter.
FormulA For SucceSS
From humble beginnings, Enterprise has grown to become one of the leading providers of midstream energy services to producers and consumers of natural gas, NGLs and crude oil in North America. Our asset base is connected to approximately 90 percent of the natural gas production and approximately 85 percent of natural gas reserves in the lower 48 states and the Gulf of Mexico and to the largest consuming region for natural gas in the United States. We are also connected to some of the largest consumers of NGLs, including 97 percent of the petrochemical industry’s steam cracking capacity and over 90 percent of motor gasoline refining capacity east of the Rockies.
Throughout this period of growth, we have focused on seven key principles.
• Build an integrated value chain to
provide opportunities for future benefits from incremental economics, which generate higher returns on investment.
• Develop a diversified business mix of midstream energy services to provide for greater stability of cash flows and devel- opment of multiple growth opportunities.
• Invest in fee-based businesses that will generate consistent cash flows to provide the principal support for distributions to partners.
• Build long-term relationships with customers by creating “win/win” solutions that provide value-added benefits for
both our customers and Enterprise. • Deal with integrity in relationships
with customers, suppliers, regulators,
employees and financial investors. • Utilize benefits provided by a
supportive general partner including the “landmark” action to eliminate its 50 percent incentive distribution rights that to date has reduced the cash distributions paid to our general partner by more than $100 million, providing Enterprise with additional cash to reinvest in growth capital projects, increase cash distributions to limited partners and retire debt.
• Maintain a low cost of capital to support long-term growth and cash accretive investments.
Our general partner took the first step in reducing our cost of capital in 2002 by eliminating its 50 percent incentive distribution rights. In 2006, we issued hybrid debt securities as a cost effective way of funding a portion of our capital needs. Earlier this year, we took the next step in managing our cost of capital, facilitating our future growth and providing additional financial flexibility by forming Duncan Energy Partners L.P. (NYSE: DEP). Enterprise is the general partner of DEP and owns approximately 26 percent of its common units. Unlike most publicly traded partnerships, DEP’s general partner does not have any incentive distribution rights.
Without incentive distribution rights, we believe DEP’s lower long-term cost
of equity capital will provide benefits to Enterprise. It will allow us to rationalize certain assets by selling them to DEP while retaining control of the assets and maintaining the integrity of our value chain. Enterprise can reinvest the sales proceeds in projects that provide higher returns on investment which should increase the value of our partnership. DEP’s lower cost of equity capital should also make us more competitive in pursuing acquisitions and organic projects.
In closing, we are very grateful for the hard work of our employees and the financial support of our debt investors and partners in building Enterprise into one of the premier publicly traded energy partnerships. We are counting on your continued support as we embark on 2007.
   
 Opening bell ceremony for Duncan Energy Partners L.P., which was formed to provide Enterprise with additional flexibility in financing its growth capital expenditures.
 Pictured left to right
Dr. Ralph S. Cunningham
Group Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
Dan L. Duncan
Chairman
Robert G. Phillips
President and Chief Executive Officer
      