2

Transforming Our Focus

NU is the Leader in New England's Transmission Infrastructure Upgrade

ISO-New England has identified 272 transmission projects in its Regional System Plan NU's projects comprise over half of the projected capital expenditures in the plan NU 55%

Charles W. Shivery Chairman, President and CEO

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, CUSTOMERS AND BUSINESS PARTNERS
In 2005, we began the transformation of Northeast Utilities. During the year, we made the key strategic decision to exit all of our competitive businesses and focus exclusively on our regulated companies. We believe this transition to a regulated business focus will create a more simplified business model, lower our risk profile, improve our financial flexibility and enhance earnings predictability. Among the many accomplishments of 2005, we are proud to have achieved: A total shareholder return of more than 8 percent, a figure that compares well with many of our peers that are primarily transmission and distribution companies A solid dividend yield and fifth consecutive year of dividend growth at a rate outpacing the industry average Successful sale of 23 million common shares, netting $425 million of cash to invest in our regulated businesses and strengthen our financial position Significant progress in our transmission construction program, one of the largest and broadest in the country Continued, on-track execution of major distribution and regulated generation construction projects -- approved by regulators, on schedule and on budget Delivering much-needed mutual aid and electric and natural gas service restoration to Florida and Mississippi communities after major hurricanes battered the Gulf Coast

3

For the long-term, our strategy will serve two key purposes: meet the reliability needs of our customers and deliver value to our shareholders. For our customers and communities, our significant investment in "poles, wires and pipes" will deliver vitally needed energy infrastructure improvement. Our plan is supported by both national and regional energy policy and directly benefits the region's economic health and vitality. For shareholders, we expect this strategy to deliver attractive earnings per share growth, a growing dividend and a balance sheet strong enough to finance our capital programs. Beginning in 2007, we estimate compound annual earnings per share growth of between 8 and 10 percent. This attractive value proposition has been recognized by the market, with a positive reaction to our equity offering late in 2005.

Positive regulatory decisions provide financial support for our plans. Congress directed the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) to develop incentives for constructing new transmission facilities. At the state level, Massachusetts and Connecticut laws allow a prompt true-up of FERC-approved retail transmission charges in distribution company rates. In 2005, our Transmission business earned $42.5 million, an increase of 44 percent over 2004. Transmission's asset base is expected to grow from $650 million to $2.3 billion in 2010. We strongly believe that directing our investment in this manner will produce strong results for both our customers and shareholders.

Transmission: Our growth engine
Across the country, customers' steadily changing and growing electricity use drives the essential need for a reliable transmission system. The 2005 national energy bill acknowledged the need and sought to improve the nation's energy infrastructure. Here in New England, the requirement for an improved and enhanced electric transmission system is especially urgent, and NU is a leader in building the right solution, at the right time. We have begun construction on vitally needed upgrades to the current inadequate transmission grid -- the bulk power system connecting generators to lower voltage distribution lines that deliver electricity to customers. Our build-out program represents approximately 55 percent of the total New England transmission upgrade and is one of the largest, most far-reaching programs of its type in the United States. NU's investment in this high-voltage system is expected to total up to $2.3 billion over the next five years, with the major projects already approved and cost recovery mechanisms in place. The first of these projects is on schedule and on budget -- a 21-mile line to connect our largest load center, southwest Connecticut, to the region's 345-kV backbone. The project is nearly 70 percent complete, more than five miles of the line are already energized, and we expect the line to be operational by the end of 2006. This and other planned projects in southwest Connecticut will improve reliability and reduce congestion and constraints on the transmission system.

NORTHEAST UTILITIES ANNUAL REPORT 2005

4

Solid performance in regulated distribution and generation
Restoring Power after Gulf Coast Hurricanes: Mutual Aid to Florida and Mississippi Few utilities have NU's reputation and experience in helping communities devastated by storms and outages. Again in 2005, CL&P, WMECO and PSNH crews were called on to travel to Florida and Mississippi to restore electricity after hurricanes battered these states. Yankee Gas crews joined the ranks and provided valuable, first-time mutual aid in Mississippi. In some cases our crews traveled with food, water, tents and a 7,000 gallon fuel tanker, not knowing what to expect of conditions and resources en route or when they arrived. Amidst heat, humidity and extremely difficult conditions, NU crews worked safely and efficiently, bringing help to thousands of people in serious need. Mississippi resident: " Returning from a trip to West Virginia, I was on Interstate 81 when I passed an entire fleet of your company's bucket trucks. My thought was how impressive. They were all together, going the same rate of speed. It was like a truck ballet. I know how valuable these trucks are to an electric company and I just wanted you to know what a beautiful sight it was to see such unity and devotion displayed by your drivers and employees." The strength of NU's regulated electric and natural gas distribution companies, and regulated generation, reflects our many years of experience. In 2005, these businesses performed well, with earnings of $120.9 million. We implemented rate increases at all four of our regulated companies, addressing the need to recover higher investment levels at these businesses. The summer brought record peak electricity sales and our system performed reliably during that load stress. Our regulated generation in New Hampshire also performed well in 2005. With an overall base load capacity factor of nearly 81 percent, we generated about 70 percent of our retail customer needs. This saved customers between $75 ­ 100 million. Looking ahead, we expect to invest $2 billion in electric and natural gas distribution systems and regulated generation over the next five years. Combined with our projected $2.3 billion investment in transmission, this will be an unprecedented investment in New England's energy infrastructure. Beyond the need for a reliable energy system, the issue of dramatic energy price increases has the attention of customers across the country. Add to this customer concerns about the economy and the environment, and the value of major NU projects is both clear and compelling.

5

Our liquefied natural gas (LNG) facility in Waterbury, Connecticut, for example, will allow Yankee Gas to store more gas for use by customers during peak demand periods. The biggest construction project in Yankee Gas history, this LNG facility will be operational for the 2007­08 heating season. Our Northern Wood Power Project in New Hampshire will allow us to burn 400,000 tons a year of regionally harvested, low-grade wood, displacing fuels that would otherwise need to be imported into New England. One of the largest renewable energy projects in the country, this facility will be operational in the second half of 2006. It will enable us to economically produce cleaner electric energy from this renewable resource, and it will provide a $20 million boost to New Hampshire's regional economy. For customers who want to control their energy use and costs, we offer nationally recognized Conservation and Load Management programs. Strong partnerships among NU, regulators and state legislatures produce effective programs that provide long-term benefits -- energy and cost savings, environmental protection and economic development. The conservation measures installed across our three states in 2005 will save customers $41.2 million dollars a year in energy costs, or more than seven times their original investment over the lifetime of the measures. These programs will further produce 4.6 billion kilowatt-hour lifetime savings and reduce lifetime air pollution by 4,821 tons of sulfur oxides, 1,778 tons of nitrogen oxides and 2.8 million tons of carbon dioxide.

Driven by our values
For more than a century, through our predecessor companies, Northeast Utilities has served customers with safe, reliable energy. Forty years ago this July, the Northeast Utilities system of companies was formed and became the largest utility in New England. As today's energy issues present new and complex challenges, one thing remains unchanged: our commitment to conducting business founded on the firm core values of safety, respect and appreciation, honesty and integrity, and customer and community care. These values guide our Board of Trustees, leadership team and the actions of every employee. Looking ahead as we transform, streamline and grow the company, we are guided by a clear strategy, disciplined decision making and accountable performance. To everyone on the NU team, our dedicated employees, the retirees who devoted their careers to NU companies, shareholders who have trusted their investment to us, and customers whose energy we deliver every day, we thank you. We are proud to be, and determined to remain, a leader in the energy industry.

Charles W. Shivery Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

Competitive businesses: Divestiture process well under way
During 2005, we announced a major change -- the decision to divest our competitive retail and wholesale marketing, merchant generation and energy services businesses known as NU Enterprises, Inc. (NUEI). This decision contributed to a loss of $398.2 million in 2005 due to exit charges and related accounting adjustments. NUEI has made significant progress in exiting its competitive businesses. At year-end 2005, we exited all New England wholesale obligations, sold almost half of the energy service companies, and initiated the process to sell the competitive generation and retail marketing businesses. Encouraged by the progress and the feedback we have received from the market, we plan to complete the divestiture of these operations in 2006 -- retail marketing by mid-year and competitive generation by year-end.

NORTHEAST UTILITIES ANNUAL REPORT 2005

