chairman's message
Charles W. Shivery

"Our vision for the future of our region is clear. We will take our company and our customers into the energy future with bold actions that produce results for today, and tomorrow."

To Our Customers, Communities and Shareholders:
Strong, well-managed, stable business organizations have never been more important to the future of our region -- indeed, to the future of the United States -- than they are during these challenging economic times. Northeast Utilities (NU) is such an organization, possessing the strength and stability to overcome short-term challenges and ready to capture the long-term opportunities that provide innovative solutions for our customers. We're very proud of the financial and operational successes we achieved in 2008. We believe they are a springboard that makes NU one of the region's energy leaders for both today and tomorrow. Nowhere was this more evident than in how we dealt with Mother Nature last December when our region was battered by an epic ice storm, providing further testimony to the strength and determination of our company. The efficiency with which NU employees carried out our emergency response plan demonstrated the pride we take in our work. It also shows that we are capable of transforming adversity into an exhibition of why NU will continue to be successful in the future. In addition, we simply did not let harsh economic and natural events of 2008 knock us off stride. We delivered value to our customers, communities and shareholders.

3

For customers, our $1.3 billion in capital expenditures in 2008 alone produced a more reliable transmission and distribution system, reduced congestion costs and improved overall safety. In addition, despite an increase in the number of storms, NU was able to retain solid overall system reliability at the industry average, and reliability at our largest company, The Connecticut Light and Power Company (CL&P), was better than the industry average.

companies. In 2008, we continued to increase our dividend at a pace that is faster than the industry average, and in the first quarter of 2009, we further increased our dividend by 12 percent, at a time when many companies are cutting dividends. We believe these dividend increases underscore the confidence your Board and management have in the successful execution of our business strategy.

"Northeast Utilities stands as an industry leader in transmission construction, energy efficiency, emergency response, and many other categories, and our efforts have won both national and international acclaim."
For our communities, we continued to provide jobs by hiring over 500 new employees in 2008 and provided funding for various not-for-profit and civic organizations across our tri-state service area. For example, in Connecticut, CL&P donated $1.36 million in local grants and other support, while in New Hampshire, Public Service Company of New Hampshire (PSNH) donated nearly $600,000 to the not-for-profit sector. In Massachusetts, Western Massachusetts Electric Company (WMECO) donated more than $480,000. Additionally, by purchasing $5.7 million in tax credits through the Connecticut LowIncome Housing Tax Program, CL&P helped fund housing for more than 500 families and individuals. For our shareholders, we delivered a better share price performance than most other utilities and other listed

We received additional good news on March 5, 2009, when Standard & Poor's announced that it was adding NU to the S&P 500 -- one of the world's most recognized stock indices. We believe this recognition will increase the breadth of our potential shareholder base. Our strong 2008 performance enables us to continue to make meaningful progress as an energy company on the leading edge of delivering sustainable solutions to our customers, communities and shareholders.

Operational Success: Going Above and Beyond
Operating a large, modern energy company such as NU requires daily discipline and a well-coordinated team dedicated to carrying out our business plan. Even then, there are many occasions when members of that team reach down and produce even more.

We know what we have to do if our region is to enjoy a safe, reliable and clean energy future.

4

"Our commitment to supporting the region's growth requires an equally strong commitment to implementing sustainable solutions that meet the energy needs of today."

5

We achieved a notable level of operational excellence when we completed and put into service three major transmission projects in southwest Connecticut, in aggregate ahead of schedule and under budget. These projects include the 69-mile Middletown-Norwalk transmission line; the Glenbrook Cables project; and the Long Island Replacement Cable project, an 11-mile, 138-kilovolt undersea cable linking Norwalk, Connecticut, and Northport, New York. Our Bethel-Norwalk project was completed in 2006. Energizing the four projects was not only a source of company pride but also a major benefit for our customers who depend daily on the power we deliver. These transmission projects provide our customers with enhanced reliability, and they help to mitigate costly congestion in this region. The early completion of these projects also contributed to the company's financial performance as they generated income sooner than expected. Today, NU stands as an industry leader in transmission construction, energy efficiency, emergency response, and many other categories, and our efforts have won both national and international acclaim. From our award-winning conservation and load management efficiency programs that have served nearly 400,000 NU customers and save over $50 million in annual electric energy costs, to a 2008 Platts Global Energy Award for excellence in our execution of transmission construction, our noteworthy accomplishments exemplify the vision and leadership that characterize our company.

that will allow us to provide economic value as well as clean, low-carbonemitting energy to New England, delivering real benefits to our customers, shareholders and the region. We see this as a project that is needed to further diversify the region's generation mix, reduce greenhouse gas emissions and move forward to meet ambitious environmental goals.

Our Region is Our Home, and Yours
Whether in Connecticut, western Massachusetts or New Hampshire, we live where we work and we take seriously our responsibility to be good neighbors. Of course, that translates before all else into a determination to provide safe, reliable energy to our customers at a reasonable cost and always to be mindful that we must be stewards of our region's environment. We strive to help the people of our region in other ways, too. Again in 2008, the Northeast Utilities Foundation donated $1 million to worthwhile regional activities, augmented by some $2.4 million in contributions made by our operating companies. And, as they did in 2007, our employees across our three-state territory donated more than $2 million themselves, while also volunteering their time and energy to help local organizations. NU is also a major contributor to the economies of the three states in which it operates. Our operating companies paid a combined total of over $125 million in local property taxes last year, thereby supporting important programs in many of our communities.

Meeting Customers' Energy Needs, Today and Tomorrow
Our commitment to supporting the region's growth requires an equally strong commitment to implementing sustainable solutions that meet the energy needs of today. It is our responsibility as an energy leader to protect our environment. Achieving this balance requires an increased reliance on renewable energy sources, and we are continuing to take noteworthy strides toward a sustainable energy future for our customers as well as our company. Whether it's developing innovative solar projects in Massachusetts or operating a renewable wood-burning power plant in New Hampshire, we are already fulfilling our vision of creating sustainable solutions for our energy future. Demonstrating our commitment to the search for a portfolio of new solutions, late last year NU, joined by NSTAR, asked the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to approve our concept for a new participant-funded transmission line to connect to Hydro-Québec in eastern Canada. In addition to developing plans for the transmission line, we have begun negotiations with Hydro-Québec on the terms of a power purchase contract

The Energy to Make a Difference
We are at a transitional, pivotal time in the energy industry. We know what we have to do and we know how to do it -- so that our region enjoys safe, reliable and clean energy. Our vision for the future of our region is clear. We will take our company and our customers into the energy future with bold actions that produce results for today, and tomorrow.

Sincerely,

Charles W. Shivery Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 6, 2009

6

