Chairman's Message
To Our Shareholders: The April 2012 merger of Northeast Utilities and NSTAR created the largest utility in New England, and the progress your Board of Trustees and management team have made since then at integrating these two fine companies has been substantial. As a bigger, stronger, better Northeast Utilities, we all share a single focus: to deliver to customers, communities and shareholders the many benefits of this successful merger. When Northeast Utilities and NSTAR shareholders overwhelmingly approved this merger, they envisioned a New Englandbased utility that would deliver superior customer service, be a catalyst to help the region meet its energy goals, and generate attractive returns for investors. I am pleased to say we are well on our way to achieving all of these objectives. As I prepare to step down as Chairman of the Board in October of this year and Tom steps into that role, I am filled with profound pride in the past, and confidence in Northeast Utilities' future. In 2004, my first year as Northeast Utilities Chairman, we earned $0.91 per share, paid common dividends of $0.625 per share and had a closing price for the year of $18.85 per share. In 2012, we earned $2.28 per share, excluding merger expenses, and achieved a closing price of $39.08 per share. Our share price has more than doubled and our dividend was increased 10 times from 2004 through 2012. In February 2013, your Board of Trustees raised the common dividend again, this time to an annualized rate of $1.47 per share. This attractive shareholder return was made possible by our strong management team and the hard-working employees of Northeast Utilities. The past decade also has been good for our customers and our communities. Since 2004, we have invested nearly $10 billion in Connecticut, Massachusetts and New Hampshire to improve the reliability of our energy facilities, connect new customers, reduce emissions, and implement new technology to improve our customer service. The same NU employees who have accomplished so much at work also are important to the fabric of their communities. Outside of work, they donate countless hours to community groups, serve on town boards and commissions, and help to ensure the success of scores of charitable organizations across our three states. The merger brings new opportunities, but it also reminds us to thank those who have made our success possible. I want to extend my sincere gratitude to all of our employees who bring great pride to their work every day. I also want to recognize former trustees Elizabeth Kennan, Robert Patricelli, John Swope and John Graham, all of whom retired from the Board when the merger closed. These trustees provided me with invaluable counsel over the years, particularly Elizabeth Kennan, who was our exceedingly capable lead trustee. I know that with our current leadership, Northeast Utilities will continue to prosper and provide outstanding value to our shareholders, customers and communities in the years ahead. And to our shareholders, I thank you for your continued support and trust in our company. Sincerely,

Charles W. Shivery Chairman
2

CEO's Message
Dear Shareholder, The year was defined by the successful closing of the Northeast Utilities and NSTAR merger. We successfully negotiated multi-year merger settlement agreements with Connecticut and Massachusetts regulators, ensuring continued high quality service to our customers and strong value for our shareholders. In 2012, a year when utility stocks significantly lagged the broader market, we provided our shareholders with a total return of 12.1 percent, about six times better than the 2.1 percent average total return for the 51 companies included in the Edison Electric Institute Index. We raised our common dividend twice in 2012--a 6.8 percent increase in the first quarter was followed by a 16.8 percent increase after the merger closed in the second quarter. More recently, we announced another increase in February 2013. Our annualized dividend rate is now $1.47 per share, compared with $1.10 per share in 2011. We expect fiscal discipline and execution of our strategic business plan will enable us to grow earnings per share by 6 to 9 percent annually for several years; our earnings per share in 2012 was $2.28, excluding merger expenses. We expect our dividend to keep pace with earnings growth. As a result of improved regulatory diversity, a stronger balance sheet and improved cash flows, Northeast Utilities' credit rating at Standard & Poors was raised to A-. This rating is among the highest in the industry; in fact, only one family of companies in the industry has a higher credit rating. Likewise, timely and effective refinancing is expected to result in annualized interest cost savings of approximately $30 million, savings that benefit customers and shareholders. As one company, we are capturing cost savings by implementing a shared services operating model, with customers at the center of our work. To that end, in 2012, the operational performance of our distribution, transmission and generation systems was on target, and, in many instances, exceeded the stretch goals we had established for operations managers. The year's strong operational performance was best showcased by our successful response to Hurricane Sandy, the region's third significant storm over a period of just fourteen months. Since the epic storms of 2011, we have dramatically improved our storm response plans. These improved emergency plans were thoroughly tested through practice drills involving employees, communities and state officials, and ultimately put to the test when Hurricane Sandy arrived at our doorstep late last October. Hurricane Sandy interrupted service to about 1.5 million of our Connecticut, Massachusetts, and New Hampshire customers for multiple days. Given the magnitude of devastation caused by the hurricane, especially in southern Connecticut, our
3

response was excellent. Northeast Utilities also answered calls for assistance from electric and gas utilities in New York and New Jersey. Our coordinated response-- spanning all of our operating companies--underscored the resiliency of our newly formed company and the determination of our dedicated employees, whose restoration work received two prestigious Edison Electric Institute awards. Our future success will be built on running our business well and investing in the energy infrastructure New England needs. We have developed a new five-year transmission capital plan beginning in 2013 to enhance reliability and improve the efficiency of the power markets for our customers, and to grow our transmission business. The plan includes a $900 million increase over our previous five-year plan. Two key transmission projects designed to strengthen the reliability of the power grid--the Greater Springfield Reliability Project in western Massachusetts and northern Connecticut, and the Southeast Massachusetts Reliability project--will be completed in 2013. Regulators also approved the Connecticut segment of the Interstate Reliability Project and we expect construction to begin next year. Additionally, our plans are progressing well on the Northern Pass transmission line--a line that will deliver clean energy from Quebec to New England. The natural gas segment of our business also offers significant growth potential. We have worked closely with Connecticut state officials to develop a long range plan for expansion, and we're working diligently to mirror those efforts in Massachusetts. Customer demand for low price natural gas is driving heating conversions: in 2012, we had a record 8,871 new natural gas heating customers. We expect conversions to continue to be strong in the years ahead as natural gas continues to maintain its strong price advantage over heating oil. Our existing gas customers are also pleased with their gas service: NSTAR Gas and Yankee Gas were ranked first and second, respectively, in a 2012 J.D. Power & Associates customer satisfaction survey. We recognize the obligation of sharing our strength and success with philanthropic organizations serving our communities. Both Northeast Utilities and NSTAR have longstanding traditions of generous community support, and now as a bigger company this commitment will only get stronger. I am extremely grateful to our Chairman, Chuck Shivery, for his wisdom and steady guidance in bringing our companies together. Chuck's firm placement of the needs of our customers at the center of our business remains our guiding philosophy and will serve as Chuck's legacy. Thanks to Chuck's leadership, the support of our Board of Trustees, and our highlyengaged employees, I can confidently state that as a bigger, stronger, better Northeast Utilities, the future holds much promise.

Sincerely,

Tom May President and Chief Executive Officer
4

