Shareholder Letter

By remaining faithful to our core mission to safely deliver reliable energy and superior customer service, Eversource has been able to consistently provide significant value to our customers, communities and shareholders. We have been thoughtful and innovative when it comes to meeting our customers' evolving needs, delivering top-quartile reliability and addressing New England's energy challenges. Our approach of smart system investments, customer service excellence and conservative financial management has enhanced our customer service, provided strong leadership in the industry, and delivered a very attractive level of earnings and dividend growth. In 2015, we reported recurring earnings of $2.81 per share, compared with recurring earnings of $2.65 in 2014, an increase of six percent driven largely by higher retail electric and transmission revenue, and e ective cost discipline. That growth is consistent with our longer term projected annual earnings per share growth rate of five to seven percent, which is one of the most attractive growth rates in the electric utility industry. Our earnings growth also supports solid dividend growth for our shareholders. In 2015, we raised our common dividend by 6.4 percent to an annualized rate of $1.67 per share, and in February 2016 we announced a 6.6 percent increase in the common dividend to an annualized rate of $1.78 per share. Strong earnings and dividend growth have benefited our share price. Over the past five years, Eversource has provided a cumulative total return to our shareholders of 89 percent, which compares favorably to a 71 percent total five-year return for the Edison Electric Institute Index and an 81 percent total return for the S&P 500. We are achieving these returns while at the same time e ectively managing our financial and operating risks. In April, Standard and Poor's Ratings Services raised its corporate credit rating for the Eversource family of companies to "A" with a stable outlook, the top rating among our electric utility peers. Also in 2015, Moody's Investor Services and Fitch Ratings raised the outlook on multiple Eversource operating subsidiaries to "positive" from "stable." Strong credit ratings lower interest costs, benefiting both customers and shareholders. Our strong financial performance has been a direct result of our outstanding operating performance, highlighted by our best year ever for electric reliability. Since 2011, Eversource's frequency of electric service interruptions, and the amount of time it takes to restore customers' power when outages occur, have both decreased by about 40 percent. We have established an improved enterprise-wide organizational model for our operations team, and have successfully implemented a state-of-the-art electric distribution management platform. This platform automates the control and operation of our grid using self-healing technology, enhances customer communication, and enables a consistent customer experience across all three states. We continue to invest heavily in our electric distribution system, with capital expenditures totaling a record $783 million in 2015, up nearly 8 percent from 2014 levels. That level of investment, coupled with our ongoing implementation of best practices and procedures, is driving our performance steadily higher within the top quartile of our industry. This performance was particularly impressive during arguably one of the worst winters in history. Record-breaking snowstorm after snowstorm in early 2015 battered Boston, Cape Cod and the island of Martha's Vineyard, as well as parts of Connecticut and New Hampshire. Our dedicated team of employees and "one company" coordination across all three states served to create an exceptional storm response.

2

It is during these cold winters when the serious energy challenges facing New England are most apparent. Natural gas is the fuel of choice for heating and power production and non-gas-fired power plants continue to retire, yet no major additions to our region's natural gas transmission infrastructure have occurred in at least 20 years. We cannot continue to endure winter gas delivery constraints, which produce volatile energy markets and the potential for skyrocketing prices like we have experienced in many recent winters. Eversource understands the region's dilemma and has taken the lead in addressing it. Two of our projects, Access Northeast and Northern Pass, will provide New England customers with significant relief by expanding pipeline capacity, importing clean hydro power and creating long-term cost savings. I am pleased to report both projects gained solid ground in 2015. Access Northeast has begun the federal regulatory approval process. It has also signed long-term gas supply contracts with electric distribution companies that are now being reviewed by regulators. Northern Pass revised its 192-mile route, adding 52 miles of underground construction in scenic areas, commenced the state regulatory review process, received a favorable draft environmental impact statement from the U.S. Department of Energy, and released its new Forward NH Plan that underscores the billions of dollars in project benefits to the state of New Hampshire. These projects will both provide significant economic and environmental benefits to New England, lowering our dependence on older, higher emitting oil and coal-fired generation. Once Access Northeast is in service, we have estimated New Englanders could save $1.5 to $2 billion annually in energy costs during normal winter

weather. Further, we have estimated the additional 1,090 MW of base load power Northern Pass will bring to the region would save New England customers more than $800 million per year. Customers need and deserve this price stability. Moreover, Northern Pass alone is expected to lower carbon emissions in New England by at least 3 million tons annually--that's the equivalent of taking more than 600,000 cars o the road. In addition to Northern Pass, we continue to invest heavily in electric transmission projects that maintain the reliability of the region's electric grid. The Interstate Reliability Project (IRP) was completed in 2015, successfully capping o nearly a decade of planning, siting and construction of the New England East-West Solution (NEEWS)--a suite of regional projects designed to strengthen the reliability of the regional power grid by improving e ciency and eliminating congestion. The investment by Eversource alone in NEEWS was approximately $1 billion. NEEWS projects represent the largest upgrade to the regional transmission system in a number of years, supporting the region's economic growth and environmental goals through greater access to newer, more e cient, and cleaner generating plants. In 2015, we commenced siting filings and construction on our next two major transmission initiatives, the Greater Boston and Greater Hartford sets of reliability projects. Altogether, we expect to invest approximately $900 million in these initiatives by 2019. We are also investing heavily in our natural gas delivery infrastructure--$213 million in 2015 and nearly $1.3 billion projected from 2016 through 2019. That investment involves a combination of upgrading existing distribution mains and LNG storage facilities, and meeting the increasing demand in our

3

communities for natural gas heat. In 2015, a record 11,415 Eversource customers in Connecticut and Massachusetts installed natural gas space heating in their homes and businesses, and we expect that figure to climb to 12,500 in 2016. Energy e ciency investments and customer programs continue to be critical to our company's long-term success. We invested $500 million last year alone in e ciency programs that truly benefit our customers. And the measures we have helped install for customers will save 11 billion kWh of electricity and 130 million therms of natural gas over their lifetime, as well as eliminate the emission of 5 million tons of carbon. Those savings represent enough electricity to power 1.3 million homes for a year and enough natural gas to heat 140,000 New England homes for a year. Investments in our community also are a large component of how we deliver great service to customers. We have two clear priorities: focusing on health and well-being of youth in our service territory, and making sure that our giving has a wide impact. As the largest energy provider in the region, we want to reach as many of our fellow New Englanders as possible. In 2015, Eversource's philanthropy totaled approximately $5 million, through direct program grants, partnerships like the Eversource Hartford Marathon, the Eversource Walk for Boston Children's Hospital, or Special Olympics, and employee volunteerism and giving programs like our United Way Campaign. Looking ahead to 2016, our focus on the customer in all that we do also means helping them understand how we are working diligently to change the energy landscape in the region. Last year, Eversource conducted comprehensive customer research, asking customers about their perceptions of the company, including our delivery of

service, the cost of energy and our role in overall energy prices. What we learned was clear: customers know who Eversource is, and feel we are doing a great job in reliably delivering their energy. We also learned that wide fluctuations in energy prices negatively impact customers' satisfaction with Eversource. Most customers do not understand the current market dynamics, the e ect of those dynamics on their bills, or the important work Eversource is doing to resolve the region's energy dilemma. Taking this research into consideration, we are now changing the conversation with customers, while also aiming to drive customer satisfaction improvements. It's a new and exciting approach to customer communication and education, using a combination of advertising, interactive online experiences, call center scripting, a new bill, and social media. We are helping them understand why energy prices go up and down and what steps they can take to reduce their costs. We believe this initiative will improve customer satisfaction scores, which in turn helps drive the overall success of the company. We are firmly in the driver's seat when it comes to energy delivery in New England. We are the region's premier gas and electric provider, but more than that, we are an advocate for our customers, with strong leadership and solutions to pricing and supply challenges. Eversource has an exciting future ahead as our company continues to thrive and grow.

4

