 iv
To Our Stockholders:
Our mission is simple and clear: we make the use of prescription drugs safer and more affordable. Since our inception, we have built our business on alignment of interests, which means as we save money for clients and patients, our earnings improve.
We remain steadfast in this commitment as we navigate the turbulence of the broader economic environment. We live in uncommon times. The economy is struggling, and understandably, clients and patients are looking for ways to get the greatest possible value from every dollar spent. There is simply no room for wasteful spending, and now more than ever, clients and patients need our products and services to help maximize the value of their pharmacy benefit. Every day, we work with clients and patients to help them save money, all while improving
health outcomes.
Our track record of outstanding financial performance results directly from our successful business model of alignment. Our industry-leading generic utilization rate, which reached 67.3% in the fourth quarter, together with our superior ability to manage drug trend and our improved specialty pharmacy operations contributed to our strong financial performance in 2008. We reported record net income from continuing operations of $779.6 million, or $3.10 per diluted share, compared to $2.27 last year. A focus on working capital management resulted in record cash flow from continuing operations of $1,095.6 million, compared to $848.1 million last year, and contributed to our industry-leading return on invested capital of 26.8%.
Now More Than Ever
As our value proposition evolved over the years, alignment of interests with clients and patients has remained the focal point. Now we are taking alignment to the next level by developing strategies based on an advanced understanding of human behavior. This understanding enables us to better manage the pharmacy benefit by driving to zero waste and improving health outcomes. Today’s economic environment makes this approach mission-critical;
it’s imperative that we arm plan sponsors with practical tools to eliminate wasteful spend and as a result, lower their pharmacy benefit costs.
We know what plan sponsors look for in a pharmacy benefit:
• They want help driving out wasteful spend — and
that means driving greater use of generics and low-cost brand drugs.
• They want to ensure their members comply with the drug regimens prescribed by their doctors in order to remain healthy and safe.
• They want greater use of Home Delivery, not just because of the enhanced economics, but because Home Delivery enables us to best manage drug mix, improve therapy adherence and provide far greater dispensing accuracy.
• They want a world-class solution to address the specialty drug needs of their members with chronic and complex diseases — the fastest growing component of overall drug spend.
Underlying everything, clients want their pharmacy benefit to be easy and straightforward to manage, and their members to be satisfied and actively engaged in decisions about use of the pharmacy benefit. In order to achieve our clients’ objectives, we must focus on their members. The science of controlling costs and improving health outcomes is accomplished member by member. We have learned that program design driven by financial incentives and education is not enough, and as a result of this knowledge, we have designed programs that more successfully influence patients’ choices. We must be able to effectively persuade each member to take an active role in managing costs and improving health.
To accomplish this goal, we combine proven approaches for effecting change at the member level
— approaches such as segmentation, tailored messaging and predictive modeling, shaped by emerging findings from the fields of behavioral economics, social psychology and cognitive linguistics. We are successfully applying this behavior-centric approach to help our plan sponsors focus on four areas:
Cost-Effective Drug Mix — In the past, PBMs relied mainly on financial incentives to move members to clinically equivalent, lower-cost drugs (e.g., lower copayments for choosing more cost-effective drugs). Our behavioral economics research, however, clearly shows that financial incentives are limited in effectiveness, and there is still significant room for improvement in this area. For example, applying the principle of loss aversion (i.e., people work harder to avoid losses than they do to pursue gains) substantially improves behavioral choices.
Better Therapy Adherence — Patients may not always comply with the medication regimens prescribed by their doctors. Because poor medication adherence can have extremely negative consequences for both patients and plan sponsors, Express Scripts consulted a panel of leading behavioral economists and other nationally recognized experts (the Center for Cost-Effective Consumerism) to examine the problem of therapy
 Express Scripts 2008 Annual Report

non-adherence. The group identified causes of noncompliance, which suggest that new types of interventions may prove significantly more effective than past approaches. As a result, Express Scripts is working diligently to develop practical, behavior-centric solutions to address the problem. For example, we are currently conducting a large, randomized, controlled trial based on the principle of social comparison
(i.e., people are sensitive to how they stand with respect to their peers).
Increased Use of Home Delivery — Plan sponsors increasingly understand that Home Delivery offers value beyond unit cost savings relative to retail. Our analysis shows that patients using Home Delivery are far more engaged; they call us and log onto our website more often, and increasingly view us as a trusted adviser. Home Delivery is also extremely effective in driving a less-expensive mix of drugs and improving therapy adherence. A recent Express Scripts study found that patients filling prescriptions through Home Delivery enjoyed an 800 basis point adherence advantage compared to retail. In addition, we are very encouraged by results from a voluntary Home Delivery pilot program conducted with one of our larger clients. Although no plan design changes were implemented, our client experienced a greater than two-fold increase in Home Delivery penetration. As we continue to roll out this program among other clients, we expect to see similarly outstanding results.
Enhanced Specialty Management — An ever-greater number of plan sponsors are concerned about rising costs for specialty drugs — biologic medications that require special handling. Our world-class specialty platform and high-touch care model allow us to excel in delivery of core services required by patients’ unique needs. We are committed to driving innovation, and our behavior-centric approach to influence patient choices is particularly well-suited to specialty patients, especially since adherence is so vitally important.
Looking to the Future
As we look to the key drivers that will help our clients control costs and eliminate waste, we see tremendous opportunities. For example, we believe our industry- leading generic fill rate is still far below the potential
in several key therapy classes. Maximizing the generic fill rate in several strategic therapy classes could result in as much as $42 billion in savings for the country as a whole without compromising health outcomes. On another front, the potential exists to improve medication compliance, and we strive each day to improve patients’ adherence levels to promote superior health outcomes. In addition, patients are not taking full advantage of the savings and convenience offered by Home Delivery. As a result, we’re using insights we’ve
gained from our work in behavioral economics to better communicate with members and improve penetration levels. And finally, we believe that specialty pharmacy provides opportunities to achieve exceptional outcomes for patients through superior clinical care delivered through our world-class platform — all while managing trend for our plan sponsors in this fast-growing sector of pharmacy spend.
Looking externally at our industry, we believe that our business model of delivering better health and value complements Washington’s call for healthcare reform. Our longstanding commitment to independent, evidence-based research and our leadership in the application of behavioral economics to healthcare issues position us well to benefit from many of the administration’s initiatives.
A priority for the administration is to increase access for the uninsured to healthcare coverage, which opens a new market for us to serve. We are also encouraged by the bipartisan support we’ve seen for creation of a pathway to introduce generic versions of expensive biotech drugs. The availability of these lower-cost drugs will significantly change the industry landscape and provide opportunities to leverage our expertise in innovative ways.
The legislature is also focused on development and adoption of health information technology, including e-prescribing, which will lead to increased safety, improved drug mix and channel choice, better therapy adherence and a reduction in corporate overhead. Recent healthcare legislation encourages more rapid adoption of e-prescribing by physicians.
In today’s economic environment, clients need us more than ever to optimize management of their pharmacy spend, and our behavior-centric approach is already proving successful. We believe this new approach, based upon advanced understanding of human behavior, coupled with a broad spectrum of knowledge, applications and communications, will deliver superior clinical results and greater value than our PBM competitors can offer. As we look to the future, we believe we are well-positioned in the PBM space and have room to run in generating significant value for our clients, as well as superior returns for our stockholders.
George Paz
Chairman, President and CEO
v
   Express Scripts 2008 Annual Report
