TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
At Express Scripts, we pride ourselves on our history of delivering solid financial and operational performance. While 2013 was no different in that respect, it was significantly different in many other ways.
Over the past 28 years, we have built Express Scripts with a purpose. As we added capabilities and knowledge, we did so with the understanding that the future of healthcare would become even more complex. Our focus was never on simply making our company bigger. We set out to be better.
As a CEO, you don’t often get the opportunity to put the leading companies in your industry side by side and take the best of both to create a new entity. But that was exactly what we focused on the past few years and, as a result, Express Scripts has never been better positioned to deliver on what our clients need most.
We brought together the best people, processes and solutions from two extraordinary companies to build an industry leader that processes more than a billion prescriptions, provides the pharmacy benefit for tens of millions of people, and partners with thousands of clients to control costs.
The effort from our 30,000 employees in 2013 was heroic. The result of their work is nothing short of historic.
Even with the challenges that come with building a common culture, a single platform and a new value proposition, we delivered strong financial performance in 2013, and further established a solid foundation for continued growth. In a busy year, I am most proud of the fact that none of us ever lost sight of why we come to work each day: to help patients get the medications they need.
After the hard, necessary work to combine Medco and Express Scripts, we pivot to a renewed focus
on operational excellence and organic growth. Now with one technology platform, offering the industry’s
broadest and deepest set of solutions to all clients, we can do more than anyone else to make the use of prescription drugs safer and more affordable.
Our business model of alignment has never been more important than it is now, and clients need our help now more than ever. When we succeed in our mission, many people win — patients, clients and shareholders. Quite simply, we make money when we save money for our clients.
We offer a unique value proposition — Better Decisions, Healthier OutcomesSM — supported by Health Decision ScienceSM, which combines behavioral sciences, actionable data and clinical specialization to address the biggest area of waste in healthcare: the suboptimal decision-making that costs the United States more than $300 billion each year. Only Express Scripts has the insight to predict which members will make poor health decisions, intervene appropriately and provide specialized pharmacy care. And only we have the size, scale and scope to drive the significant changes in healthcare our country needs.
The pharmacy benefit must remain affordable for those who offer it and those who use it. That drives us to launch initiatives such as our 2014 National Preferred Formulary. By removing just 1 percent of drugs from our formulary and managing the change that impacted just 2.6 percent of members, we drove 3 percent cost savings, on average, for our clients. In 2014 alone, our clients will reap savings of more than $700 million. We continue to evaluate formulary management as a lever and look for more opportunities to ensure patients are on the right medications, from a clinical and cost- effectiveness perspective.
In 2013, we enhanced our specialty pharmacy offering, moving to the Accredo brand name and platform. Our specialty pharmacy is unrivaled in its ability to deliver high-quality, high-touch care to patients with complex, chronic diseases. The majority of our clients exclusively use the Accredo specialty pharmacy to manage the
3
Express Scripts 2013 Annual Report

needs of their members. We also have the most exclusive distribution relationships for specialty drugs. In both settings, we are the PBM of choice.
Just as patients prefer a cardiologist to treat heart disease, we believe specialization is important in pharmacy. Our pharmacists have deep expertise not only in rare disease states like peripheral arterial hypertension and hemophilia, but also in more common illnesses such as multiple sclerosis and cancer. Our clients understand the value this brings because their members get better, more clinically driven treatment than they would anywhere else.
There is no doubt that newer drugs for specialty conditions have made a positive impact for patients. Unfortunately, these drugs are also on an unsustainable cost trajectory. By 2017, we expect that 50 percent
of client expenditures will be for specialty drugs, even though they make up a tiny fraction of prescription volume. When clients use our specialty solutions and aggressively manage their benefit, they can cut their specialty spend in half. It’s yet another example of how our business model of alignment lowers the client’s cost burden, sustains access to medications, and drives our growth.
Another growing area of client concern is around the impact of healthcare reform and the added burden
of government regulations. The Affordable Care Act and the introduction of health insurance exchanges have dramatically altered the landscape. Payers need a partner with the size and scale to take on regulatory compliance while nimbly adapting to rapid changes. In short, they need Express Scripts.
The future means taking pharmacy to patients. We believe each member represents a point-of-care for pharmacy. For Express Scripts, that’s around 90 million members. Our pharmacy experience extends from a member’s hands — a mobile device equipped with our app — to their home, as we conveniently deliver maintenance medications through the mail. We have an unprecedented opportunity to grow our home delivery business by leveraging consumer preferences.
As we look ahead, we need to evolve our team to capitalize on future opportunities. Earlier this year, we named Tim Wentworth as President. He has more than 30 years of experience in sales, human resources and account management across a number of companies. Tim joined us when we merged with Medco and served as our Senior Vice President of Sales and Account Management before being promoted into his new
role. He’ll focus on driving organic growth through operational excellence and delivering best-in-class service to clients and members. He and I will work together with our leadership team to execute on a strategy that wins today and in the future.
In February, we appointed Cathy Smith as our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Cathy joined Express Scripts from Walmart, where she was Executive Vice President of Strategy and Chief Financial Officer for Walmart International. Cathy has a solid track record of success at leading companies in diverse industries, and her background is a strong fit for our company.
I have great enthusiasm for the future of our company and our industry and what we can do to solve the healthcare challenges our clients and patients face. No one matches our breadth and depth of solutions. No one delivers better service to members. And no company is better positioned to manage the complex future of healthcare than Express Scripts.
I hope you share my excitement and I thank you for your continued support.
George Paz
Chairman and CEO
 Express Scripts 2013 Annual Report
4
