To Our Stockholders
 We achieved record results in 2005, reflecting the strength of our core business as well as the success of our business model, which is based
on alignment of interests with our clients. Alignment means that both Express Scripts and plan sponsors benefit when patients use more generics, take advantage of our clinical tools and choose our cost-effective Home Delivery, including the distribution of specialty pharmaceuticals.
The more successful we are in helping clients and patients save on prescription drugs, the better we perform.
Here are some of the ways we helped our clients and their members save this past year:
– Our focus on providing outstanding service helped patients better understand how to use their prescription drugs and lower their
out-of-pocket costs.
– We continued to capture an increased share of our clients’ specialty spend by improving the quality of care and affordability
of specialty drugs. In addition, we enhanced our specialty product offering by acquiring Priority Healthcare.
– Our industry-leading generic fill rate reached an all-time high of over 55% in the fourth quarter, up 3 percentage points
compared with the same period last year.
– We dispensed a record 40 million cost-effective, convenient Home Delivery prescriptions.
These factors contributed to our 2005 record net income of $400 million, or $2.68 per diluted share, compared with $1.79 the previous year. All per share amounts reflect the two-for-one stock split that was effective in June 2005. We also generated a record-level cash flow from operations of $793 million, compared with $496 million in 2004. Our strong cash flow and focus on capital management resulted in an impressive return on invested capital of 16.2%.
Our strong financial results contributed to an outstanding return on your investment in Express Scripts. During 2005, our stock price increased 119% compared to a 3% return for the S&P 500. The S&P 500 is regarded as the best single gauge of the U.S. equities market and includes the top 500 companies in leading industries of the U.S. economy. Only two companies in the S&P 500 exceeded our total return to stockholders.
Pathways to the Patient — Client and Patient Services
Our business model focuses on delivering client-centric patient care that’s second to none. We have invested in our service offering and realized outstanding results. Every day our patient care advocates’ work matters to millions of Americans, helping patients better understand how to use their prescription drugs and how to lower their out-of-pocket costs.
An example of investment in our service offering is our new Patient Care Contact Center in Pueblo, Colo., which expands our capacity to handle growing business needs and helps meet anticipated call volume demands. This new state-of-the-art facility will enhance our ability to deliver excellent, efficient service to clients and patients.
As a result of investments in our service capabilities, client and member satisfaction reached record levels in 2005, while our clients’ willingness to renew with or recommend Express Scripts also reached new highs.
Pathways to the Patient — Specialty Pharmacy Management
As our presence has grown in the specialty pharmacy marketplace, our vision is to become America’s most trusted Pathway to the Patient for biopharmaceutical distribution and care management.
Biopharmaceuticals, also known as biotech or specialty drugs, are the fastest-growing segment of the pharmaceutical industry, and approximately 324 new biotech drugs, treating approximately 150 different disease states, are expected to reach the market by 2010. National spending on biotech drugs, which reached $35 billion in 2004, is increasing at double the rate of conventional drugs and is projected to reach $70 billion
by 2008. Annual costs for an individual biopharmaceutical drug can range from $10,000 to $250,000.
Express Scripts’ specialty pharmacy subsidiary, CuraScript, headquartered in Orlando, Fla., was acquired by Express Scripts in January 2004, and has since grown rapidly by providing a variety of patient care and cost management services to plan sponsors with specialty pharmacy needs.
In October 2005, we acquired Priority Healthcare Corporation, one of the nation’s leading biopharmaceutical pharmacy and distribution companies, for $1.3 billion. We combined Priority with CuraScript, making CuraScript one of the largest specialty pharmacy and distribution companies in the country, with more than $3 billion in annual revenues.
i EXPRESS SCRIPTS 2005 ANNUAL REPORT

 These acquisitions enhanced our capacity to provide cost-effective, single-source solutions for a broad range of injectable and infusion biopharmaceutical products, driving better savings for our clients and improving the care we provide to patients.
Bringing Priority and CuraScript together was a milestone for patients who depend on leading-edge biopharmaceuticals to lead fuller, more productive lives. With nearly 3,000 innovative team members, CuraScript smoothly conveys biopharmaceutical drugs from the manufacturer to the patient, through physicians, clinicians, distributors and payers. CuraScript has a history of unwavering commitment to patient care — a commitment that will continue to guide our decisions and separate us from the competition as we grow together.
Pathways to the Patient — Clinical Programs
There is no greater evidence that our interests are aligned with those of our clients than our industry-leading generic fill rate, which grew to the unprecedented level of over 55% in the fourth quarter of 2005. Our company is focused on the goal of promoting equally efficacious alternatives to brand drugs at the lowest cost. Our product development teams create innovative clinical tools; our sales and account management teams work with our clients to reduce drug spend; and our service delivery team, while focused on the highest standards of service, supports our commitment to increased use of generics.
We released a study in the fall of 2005 that showed U.S. consumers could have saved $20 billion in 2004 and even more in future years by using more generic drugs. As additional generics come to market and the use of prescription drugs grows, the potential to lower healthcare costs becomes an even greater opportunity for deploying our business model.
In the next year and a half, 18 prescription drugs will go generic — half of which are significant cost drivers. In addition to offering excellent clinical alternatives to brand products, all 18 offer the potential for significant savings. We will see new generics in the top five most costly drug classes — antihyperlipidemics, gastrointestinals, antidepressants, antihypertensives and antidiabetics — plus calcium blockers and beta blockers.
We made formulary changes for 2006 that are designed to increase the use of generics and low-cost brands. For example, a generic version of Zocor®, which is expected to become available in 2006, presents a historic cost-saving opportunity in a therapy class that accounts for approximately 11% of drug spend. Our formulary strategy reinforces our business model, which is based on reducing drug spend, while never compromising health outcomes.
Step-therapy programs also offer an effective way to promote increased use of lower-cost, equally efficacious generics. With step therapy, the use of a first-line medication, typically a generic, is required before coverage is provided for a second-line drug, usually a more expensive brand medication.
The number of therapy classes for which step therapy is appropriate has grown significantly in the past two years. Currently, step-therapy programs are available for multiple therapy classes — including all of the top five — through Express Scripts, and additional step-therapy programs for several other therapy classes are in development. These programs will help plan sponsors take advantage of the wave of generics arriving over the next few years.
Pathways to the Patient — Home Delivery
An aging population, increased use of medications to treat chronic conditions and desire for convenience have fueled the growth in Home Delivery services. We continue to focus on ways to increase use of Home Delivery, which provides lower costs, increased safety and greater convenience for our patients, and savings for our plan sponsors.
Home Delivery offers us a particularly strong opportunity to increase value to our clients. It provides lower costs; and when an Express Scripts pharmacist is able to substitute a generic drug for a branded drug, with the doctors approval, our client’s cost is further reduced. In addition, Home Delivery promotes increased formulary compliance.
A 2005 Federal Trade Commission study found that pharmacy benefit manager (PBM) mail service pharmacies offer plan sponsors lower prescription-drug costs than retail pharmacies. In addition, the study noted that PBMs’ interests are aligned with their clients, providing further validation of the PBM value proposition.
EXPRESS SCRIPTS 2005 ANNUAL REPORT ii

iii
EXPRESS SCRIPTS 2005 ANNUAL REPORT
Pathways to the Patient — New Market Opportunities
The Medicare Prescription Drug Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003 (MMA) Part D, effective in January 2006, for the first time provides outpatient prescription-drug coverage for Medicare-eligible seniors. This coverage is offered through stand-alone prescription-drug plans (PDPs) and Medicare Advantage plans, sponsored by managed care companies.
Our principal goal with regard to Medicare Part D is to serve our clients. We are assisting our managed care clients that offer Medicare PDPs or Medicare Advantage prescription-drug plans. We are also providing assistance to our employer clients that provide retirement benefits for their retirees. Anticipating our clients’ needs for the future as the Medicare marketplace continues to evolve, we will establish a PDP in 2007.
Client interest in newer and developing plan designs is increasing. For example, as today’s consumers become more prepared to participate
in healthcare decisions, plan sponsors are recognizing that their members can take more responsibility for those decisions. The consumer-directed healthcare movement is defined as a system where consumers, not the company or insurance provider, determine how and where to spend
their healthcare allotments. We will continue to develop strategies and tools to assist our clients in integrating consumer choice with
pharmacy benefit management.
We are building leading Pathways to the Patient for distribution and care management around prescription drugs. We believe that our financial performance will continue to benefit from increased generic utilization, Home Delivery and specialty pharmacy management. These growth drivers will produce significant savings for our clients and better performance for our company. And realizing this vision requires the support and conviction of our most important resource — our 14,000 employees who work hard every day to make the use of prescription drugs
safer and more affordable.
Our long-term strategy of aligning interests with our clients has differentiated us from the competition and solidified our position as an industry leader. We are excited about our opportunities going forward, and appreciate your continued support and interest in our company.
  Barrett Toan Chairman of the Board
Management Thomas Boudreau
Senior Vice President,
General Counsel & Corporate Secretary
Chip Casteel
Senior Vice President Supply Chain Management
Michael Holmes
Senior Vice President &
Chief Human Resources Officer
Ed Ignaczak
Senior Vice President
Sales & Account Management
George Paz President & CEO
David Lowenberg
Chief Operating Officer
Patrick McNamee
Senior Vice President & Chief Information Officer
Dom Meffe
Senior Vice President Specialty Pharmacy
Brenda Motheral
Doug Porter
Senior Vice President Client & Patient Services
Agne` s Rey-Giraud
Senior Vice President
Strategy & Business Development
Ed Stiften
Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Larry Zarin
Vice President
Marketing & Corporate Communications
Senior Vice President
Research & Product Management
George Paz
President & Chief Executive Officer
