The Merger is Exactly What the Nation Needs Now
Our merger with Medco Health Solutions® affords us an expanded opportunity to deliver the lowest net cost for plan sponsors and healthier outcomes for members. The convergence of our strengths will close more gaps in care and drive greater adherence.
 Care for America
Powered by innovation, intellectual curiosity and industry-leading talent, we are transforming the PBM landscape, creating a new kind of model and charting a new path for healthcare. Our passion for serving our clients and caring for patients will result in solutions for overcoming complex challenges...solutions that deliver better adherence, improved health outcomes, less waste and lower costs.
A Combined Commitment to Game-Changing Innovation
Since our founding, our commitment to innovation has allowed us to create better healthcare delivery for America. The most recent example of our approach is the work being done by a diverse team of specialists using state-of-the-art predictive modeling tools, geo-mapping and advanced analytics to address evolving healthcare challenges head-on.
Stemming from our belief that greater insights into behavior lead to greater value for our clients, Express Scripts will continue at the forefront of the industry by introducing new products and product enhancements that work today and position us for what lies ahead. Building upon a strong clinical foundation, we will apply our understanding of the behavioral sciences to make it easier for people to choose better health.
Pictured Above:
The Express Scripts Research & New Solutions Lab fosters the creation of innovative solutions.
 Express Scripts 2011 Annual Report
1
  
To Our Stockholders
By any measure, 2011 was a defining year for our company. At this time last year, no one could have anticipated the decisions and choices we would face. We did not expect an impasse with Walgreens. We could not predict the ongoing impact of a sluggish economy. And while the acquisition of Medco Health Solutions may have been part of a long-term strategic plan, we couldn’t have predicted that events would unfold as they did, allowing the merger to take place this year.
As challenging as these events may appear, Express Scripts is at its best when faced with obstacles other companies might view as insurmountable. We see them as opportunities.
For example, our response to Walgreens – through planning, significant client support and next-to-flawless execution – was
the largest retail market share movement in the history of pharmacy, accomplished with very little disruption. We remain open
to discussions with Walgreens on returning to our network, if terms and conditions are acceptable to our clients and patients.
We Invest in Tomorrow, Even
During Tough Times Today
Economies worldwide struggled throughout 2011. A stagnant economy affects us when our clients have fewer new members with health benefits and when our existing members cut back on the use of
their benefits. These factors have challenged us to develop new ideas to lower the cost of prescriptions, while continuing to deliver better health outcomes. Our ongoing investment in Consumerology®, the application of behavioral sciences to healthcare, is a testament to
the successful use of innovation to drive down the costs of prescription medication for the nation at large.
Holding true to our legacy of innovation, we continue to break ground in our industry – and in healthcare as a whole.
For our industry in 2012, a new year means a new environment. Healthcare reform hovers on the horizon; its unknowable aspects make planning for the future a tremendous challenge for plan sponsors. Nonadherence continues to be a costly problem. Patients are beginning to demand real-time information in order to take control of their healthcare. Clients demand lower-cost solutions. Physicians
are overburdened, and an aging population presents a greater-than- ever need to a system straining to remain viable.
In light of these challenges, we are proactively identifying and addressing future needs that our clients have yet to recognize. Holding true to our legacy of
innovation, we continue to break ground in our industry – and in healthcare as a whole. In December, we introduced ScreenRx®, a program that features early-detection models to identify patients with potential nonadherence issues associated with critical diseases such as diabetes, high cholesterol and hypertension. Tailored interventions that best suit the individual are
then recommended. By fighting nonadherence before it begins,
we are setting a new standard in healthcare and blazing yet another industry trail that will positively benefit America’s families.
The Right Merger
at the Right Time
Since our inception more than 25 years ago, we’ve had an unwavering focus on enabling better health and value while eliminating wasteful spending. Through innovation, seamless execution and a steadfast commitment to our business model of alignment, we have identified and tackled inefficiencies in healthcare.
We have a history of complementing our strong organic growth with successful, strategic mergers and acquisitions, creating opportunities to enter new business segments, offer new services and increase the scope of our business.
On July 21, 2011, we announced our intent to merge with Medco, creating the potential to transform not only the pharmacy benefit management industry, but American
  2
Express Scripts 2011 Annual Report

 healthcare overall. This merger is a perfect example of our growth model.
The transaction, which closed
on April 2, 2012, is what the nation needed. Massive changes are on the horizon for our
industry, including healthcare reform and the upcoming wave of brand-name drugs losing patent protection. Meanwhile, healthcare costs continue to rise. In this environment, we have to be nimble. We have to be smart enough to influence events and forward thinking enough to interpret
events before they occur.
Express Scripts cannot allow the cost of prescription medications
to overburden American families. Tough economic times should not translate to tradeoffs with one’s healthcare. The merger accelerates our ability to protect consumers from the rising cost of drugs, giving us the opportunity for even greater success.
Our breadth and depth of services across traditional PBM management, specialty management and Medicare Part D will be unparalleled in the industry, and we will be fully able to help clients and members navigate the landscape in the wake of healthcare reform.
Our successful growth has been augmented by strategic acquisitions that utilize, through integration, the best talent and practices for the
benefit of our clients, patients and stockholders. We have a strong track record of completing acquisitions, integrating seamlessly, and meeting or exceeding market expectations.
The merger accelerates our ability to protect consumers from the rising cost of drugs, giving us the opportunity for even greater success.
We currently expect $1 billion
of synergies once integration is completed and expect to deliver more than $4 billion of annual free cash flow, excluding integration costs. Express Scripts will be well positioned to promote greater efficiencies in the healthcare system and deliver increased value to our clients and patients, to better protect millions of Americans.
I’m more excited about Express Scripts today than I’ve been in my time with the company. We stand at the beginning of a year full of opportunities to improve patient health, make medications more affordable and create the best member experience in healthcare.
Sincerely,
George Paz
Chairman and CEO
Management Team
Keith Ebling
Executive Vice President & Chief Legal Counsel
Brian Griffin
Senior Vice President &
President, International & Subsidiaries
Jeff Hall
Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Chris Houston
Senior Vice President, Pharma & Retail Strategy
Ed Ignaczak
Executive Vice President, Sales & Marketing
Pat McNamee
Executive Vice President & Chief Operating Officer
Steve Miller, MD
Senior Vice President & Chief Medical Officer
George Paz
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
Glen Stettin, MD
Senior Vice President,
Clinical, Research & New Solutions
Sara Wade
Senior Vice President &
Chief Human Resources Officer
Tim Wentworth
Senior Vice President & President, Sales and Account Management
Gary Wimberly
Senior Vice President & Chief Information Officer
Larry Zarin
Senior Vice President & Chief Marketing Officer
   3
