To Our Stockholders
When we meet with our clients, stockholders and employees, we can easily speak about Express Scripts as an industry leader. We earned that leadership position over the years through innovation and execution. We can point to our investment in rigorous research, development of drug trend management tools and commitment to outstanding service.
What also differentiates us in the marketplace is our business model, which is based upon alignment with the interests of our clients and patients. Alignment means that as we save our clients and patients money, our performance improves. Our business model is instrumental in explaining why we lead the pharmacy benefit management industry in generic utilization. When it comes to making the use of prescription drugs safer and more affordable, we set the pace.
Here are some of the ways we helped our clients and patients save this past year:
• Ourindustry-leadinggeneric-utilizationratereachedanall-timehighof59.7%inthefourthquarter,up4.3percentagepoints
compared with the same period last year.
• Wemadeformularychangestohelppositionourclientsandpatientstotakeadvantageofnewgenericscomingtothe
marketplace — in the statin category for example, we delivered over $125 million in savings.
• Wecontinuedtoimprovethequalityofcareandaffordabilityofhigh-costspecialtydrugs.
• Wedispensedarecord41millioncost-effective,convenientHomeDeliveryprescriptions.
These factors contributed to our record net income of $474.4 million, or $3.34 per diluted share, an increase of 25% over $2.68 last year. Our focus on working capital management resulted in a strong cash flow of $658.6 million and contributed to our industry-leading return on invested capital of 17.3%.
The Express Way in Action
The Express Way is our tool that helps us in our decision-making process as we align interests with plan sponsors and patients. The Express Way spells out who we are as a company and how we work together. It defines the heart and soul of our company.
Over the last decade, we have enjoyed tremendous growth in a very competitive marketplace. We’ve brought together several companies, combining best practices and blending corporate values. That blending has created a business culture unique to our company. The Express Way defines our culture by clarifying the values that guide our success.
Our industry-leading generic-fill rate is clear evidence that we’re committed to the values of The Express Way. By putting the needs of clients and patients first, we create stockholder value over the long-term.
For example, we began 2006 by positioning our formulary to take advantage of the introduction of new generics entering the marketplace. For statins, which are the most widely prescribed drugs representing over 12% of total drug spend, our clients and patients enjoyed a 13% increase in the use of generics, about triple that seen nationally.
We believe that this shift in market share is the largest planned market-share movement in the history of pharmacy. It’s something we’re very proud of. As a result of alignment, our strategy generated savings for our clients and patients in the statin class of over $125 million last year alone.
Leaders Lead
As we continue to earn our position as an industry leader, we must enhance the high-performance culture at Express Scripts. By aligning the behaviors of our leaders, we strengthen our culture, and a stronger culture drives better business results.
A recent study of corporate culture and performance for 32 firms over an 11-year period demonstrated the importance of a high- performance culture. High-performance cultures enjoyed revenue growth over this period of 682%, compared to only 166% for low-performance cultures. Similarly, net income and stock prices increased 756% and 901% respectively for high-performance cultures, vs. 74% and 1% respectively for low-performance cultures.
i EXPRESS SCRIPTS 2006 ANNUAL REPORT

Through the combination of solid strategic thinking and bold actions, we set ourselves apart in the marketplace. Intellectual curiosity and creativity in all facets of our business will drive solutions for our clients and lead to continuous improvement.
Here are some of the other ways we lead in managing the pharmacy benefit for the thousands of clients and millions of patients who depend on us every day:
Service: Our business model focuses on delivery of client-centric patient care that’s second to none. We have invested in our service offering and realized outstanding results. Client and patient satisfaction, client retention, and clients’ willingness to recommend us to other health plan sponsors were all in the mid-90% range in 2006.
Drug Trend Management: Our mission is to reduce cost while never compromising health outcomes. We are focused on the goal of promoting the use of generics and low-cost brand drugs. We are successful through our formulary strategies and clinical programs, including step-therapy programs that require use of a front-line medication, typically a generic, before coverage is provided for a back-up drug, usually a more expensive brand medication.
Specialty Pharmacy Management: We provide cost-effective solutions for a broad range of high-cost, high-touch disease states. Specialty drugs represent the fastest-growing segment of the pharmaceutical industry. We have been awarded the majority of products in limited and exclusive networks, and we have been successful in selling specialty services to our PBM clients and PBM services to our specialty clients.
We will continue to drive long-term growth in the specialty space the same way we have in the PBM space – through innovation and execution. We have led the PBM marketplace in the development of sophisticated trend management tools including three-tier copayment plans, step therapy and generic utilization programs. We will also lead the specialty marketplace in the development of trend management tools for specialty drugs. For example, Express Scripts is leading the way by actively working with Congress to create a biogenerics pathway, which could unlock approximately $70 billion of savings over a 10-year period after the generics are introduced.
Home Delivery: Lower costs and greater convenience through Home Delivery provide increased value to clients and patients. Our Home Delivery pharmacies are more effective at promoting formulary compliance and generic substitution than retail pharmacies. Home Delivery increases the value for clients and patients.
The Future of the Pharmacy Benefit
We will continue to drive future growth by continuing to innovate and execute on our strategic plans.
Medicare Part D became effective in January 2006 and for the first time provided outpatient prescription-drug coverage to Medicare-eligible seniors. Our principal goal for Medicare Part D in 2006 was to serve our clients. We assisted our managed-care clients that offered Medicare prescription drug plans (PDPs) or Medicare Advantage PDPs. We also assisted our employer clients that provided retiree prescription benefits. In order to serve our clients’ needs in an evolving Medicare marketplace, we are offering a PDP plan for 2007.
Today’s consumers are becoming more prepared to participate in healthcare decisions. The consumer-driven movement is defined as a system where consumers, not the company or insurance provider, determine how and where to spend their healthcare allotments. The success of our generic strategy in the statin class demonstrates the power of our model of alignment and our ability to communicate with our patients, one at a time. We will continue to develop strategies and tools to assist our clients in integrating consumer choice with pharmacy benefit management.
EXPRESS SCRIPTS 2006 ANNUAL REPORT ii

The Express Way Will Continue to Guide Us
We operate in an evolving marketplace that requires constant focus on the changing landscape. From Medicare Part D, consumer-
directed healthcare, disease management and the growing prominence of specialty drugs, we must ensure our clients of the highest level of service and value.
No matter how the marketplace evolves, the values outlined in The Express Way are constant. They are enduring guideposts that assure us of the flexibility and innovation essential to developing creative solutions for making the use of prescription drugs safer and more affordable. These values keep us focused, enthusiastic and committed to managing the cost and quality of the prescription-drug benefit for our clients and patients.
While we take pride in our successes to date, we remain focused on improving the efficiency and effectiveness of the delivery of drug therapy. As we look ahead, we are excited about our role as an industry leader and the opportunities that will unfold over the years to come. We appreciate your interest and support of Express Scripts.
George Paz
President, CEO & Chairman
 Management Team Thomas Boudreau
Senior Vice President
General Counsel & Corporate Secretary
Michael Holmes
Senior Vice President
Chief Human Resources Officer
Ed Ignaczak
Senior Vice President
Sales & Account Management
David Lowenberg
President & Chief Executive Officer CuraScript
Patrick McNamee
Senior Vice President Chief Information Officer
Brenda Motheral
Senior Vice President
Research & Product Management
George Paz
President, Chief Executive Officer & Chairman
Doug Porter
Senior Vice President Client & Patient Services
Agnès Rey-Giraud
Senior Vice President
Strategy & Business Development, Supply Chain Management
Ed Stiften
Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Larry Zarin
Vice President
Marketing & Corporate Communications
iii EXPRESS SCRIPTS 2006 ANNUAL REPORT
