achieving
recorD results
in a hallmark year
Eaton is well positioned to profit from the ever-increasing global cost of discovering, extracting, processing, distributing and using energy.
To Our Shareholders:
In 1911, young entrepreneur Joseph Oriel Eaton staked his future on a transformational axle for the fledg- ling U.S. trucking industry. He bet upon a megatrend — that the trans- portation industry would become a hallmark of American industry and our economy. And he was right.
A century later, we still benefit from our
founder’s original vision and values. But we’re
focused on an even bigger megatrend — the ever- increasing cost of energy. We at Eaton help customers meet that challenge by developing new ways to use power more efficiently, reliably, safely and sustainably.
The need for such “power management” solutions spans all industries and geographies — and it’s growing. Eaton stands apart because we can address the need across power man- agement technologies — electrical, hydraulic and mechanical — and across every region of the world in which our customers do business.
This strategic combination of diversity and balance enabled us to achieve record results during 2011, our 100th anniversary year. We believe even bigger growth opportunities lie ahead, as we “expand the boundaries of power.”
record sales and earnings; increased quarterly dividend
Among the year’s financial and operating highlights:
• Our sales surpassed $16 billion for the first time, up 17 percent from 2010.
• Our net income per share increased 44 percent, to $3.93, beating our previous record, set in 2007, by 19 percent.
• We contributed $372 million to our pension plans, strengthening our balance sheet.
• We generated $1.25 billion in cash
from operations and increased our quarterly dividend rate by 17 percent.
• We completed eight acquisitions: E.A. Pedersen Company, IE Power Inc., ACTOM (Pty) Ltd.’s low-voltage electrical
business, C.I. ESI de Colombia S.A., Tuthill Corporation’s Coupling Group, Internormen
Technology Group and E. Begerow GmbH & Co. KG. We also acquired our joint venture partner’s interest in
Moeller HPL India Private Ltd.
• We launched Eaton SAMC (Shanghai) Aircraft Conveyance System Co. Ltd., a joint venture with Shanghai Aircraft Manu- facturing Co. Ltd. (SAMC), a subsidiary of Commercial Air- craft Corporation of China (COMAC).
• We further strengthened our workforce, and 97 percent of our global employees participated in our annual survey.
• We improved our employee safety record by 8 percent.
• We split our stock two-for-one as our share price crossed the $107 level.
Despite achieving these results, we were disappointed that our total shareholder return was negative 11.8 percent in 2011, after our spectacular 64.2 percent gain the previous year. For com- parison, in 2011, total shareholder return was 8.4 percent for the Dow Jones industrial average, 2.1 percent for the S&P 500 and negative 0.8 percent for the Nasdaq composite index.
Since 2000, Eaton stock has delivered a strong 12.1 percent compounded annual total shareholder return.
eaton corporation 2011 Annual Report 3

We continue to expand our global presence
      45%
28%
27%
U.S.
International Developed International Emerging
45%
18%
10%
2011 sales
by final destination
2011 sales
by business segment
 16% 11%
        the power of geographic and economic cycle balance
While we cannot control the economic cycle or the rate of global growth, Eaton is well positioned to profit from the ever- increasing global cost of discovering, extracting, processing, distributing and using energy. Our broad-based electrical, fluid and mechanical technologies, deployed through our compre- hensive global footprint, give us the power to prosper, even in volatile times. That principle was proven again in 2011, as world markets grew at significantly different rates, and commodity and currency values fluctuated with every new headline.
Geographic balance. As the year began, the economies in many emerging nations were booming, but by the second half, the more restrictive monetary policies enacted in order to cool accelerating inflation levels led to lower growth. Even so, our sales in emerging nations grew to 27 percent of consolidated sales in 2011. By midyear, European economies were fully embroiled in the fiscal crisis, and growth rates began to decline. And in the U.S., the year started strongly — then hesitated as the pains of the fiscal crisis debate engaged much of the country — before exiting on a note of stronger growth. Despite all these changes in economic conditions during one year, our balanced geographic footprint allowed us to achieve all-time record reve- nues and profits.
Economic cycle balance. A year ago, I shared our expectation that 2011 held the potential for all six of our business segments to grow more strongly than in 2010. With our results now in hand, we can say that this expectation fully materialized. As we look back at the year, our early-cycle and mid-cycle markets con- tinued to strengthen, building upon the strong momentum we experienced in 2010. And as expected, our late-cycle markets, such as commercial aerospace and U.S. nonresidential construc- tion, began what we believe was the first of several years of solid growth. We expect to see continued growth in all six of our segments in 2012 as well. Our balance is working and delivering above-average earnings growth potential throughout the cycle.
record-setting performance in our businesses
Electrical. Our Americas business achieved new records in revenues, in spite of still-recovering nonresidential construction markets. Our Rest of World segment also notched new records in revenues, especially noteworthy in light of the weak demand in Europe and weakened demand in Asia, particularly during the second half of the year.
Our leading technologies in arc-flash, circuit protection and power quality, coupled with our rapidly growing engineering services business, are testimony to our increased capabilities being recog- nized by our customers. During 2011, we continued to strengthen our Electrical business portfolio by acquiring E.A. Pedersen Company, IE Power Inc., ACTOM (Pty) Ltd.’s low-voltage electrical business, C.I. ESI de Colombia S.A. and our joint venture part- ner’s interest in Moeller HPL India Private Ltd.
Hydraulics. Our Hydraulics business continued the strong momentum of 2010, setting new revenue and profit records in 2011. Continued strong demand in the mobile equipment markets was complemented by strengthening demand in the stationary or industrial end markets. While the Chinese construction equip- ment market weakened markedly in the second half of the year, we believe this market will resume attractive growth rates in the second half of 2012. We significantly enlarged the scope and scale of our Filtration business through the acquisitions of Internormen Technology Group and E. Begerow GmbH & Co. KG.
Aerospace. Global air travel continued to recover in 2011, and our Aerospace business benefitted from the beginning of what we believe will be a super cycle in the commercial aerospace markets. Single-aisle commercial aircraft monthly build pro- grams are accelerating, and our significant content on new pro- grams such as the B-787 and A-350 hold promise for significant additional volumes, as these new platforms go into higher- level production. Offsetting this strength in commercial aircraft production is the reduction in military aircraft. While there is no question that overall production rates will decline, our
4 eaton corporation 2011 Annual Report
Electrical Hydraulics Aerospace
Truck Automotive

No cycle
$2.2 billion in revenues Electrical service, defense, filtration,
aerospace aftermarket
Late cycle
$3.6 billion in revenues Commercial aerospace, nonresidential construction,
large data centers
14%
2011 global cycle
34%
Early cycle
$5.5 billion in revenues Residential electric, single-phase power quality, heavy-duty truck, automotive
Mid cycle
$4.7 billion in revenues Hydraulics, industrial controls, medium-duty truck,
midsized data centers
positioning on key programs such as the Lockheed Martin F-35 Joint Strike Fighter, the U.S. Air Force’s new KC-46 tanker and new heavy-lift helicopters will serve us well.
Truck. After a number of years of below-trend demand, the North American heavy-duty truck market surged in 2011. Against this backdrop of improved demand, our business performed well, achieving record revenues and profits. Our new UltraShift PLUS transmission and both hybrid electric and hybrid hydraulic pow- ertrains offer industry-leading performance to our customers. Importantly, our growing business in South America and Asia Pacific provides great global balance as we capitalize on exciting program wins serving these fast-growing end markets.
Automotive. Our leading technologies that enhance fuel economy and reduce emissions continue to pace our global growth. Our impressive wins around the world with our super- charger, variable valve actuation and hollow-valve technologies allowed us to capitalize on the stronger-than-expected global markets in 2011. More importantly, the outsized wins we booked in 2011 hold the promise for significant additional growth in 2012 and beyond.
the year ahead and century to come
As we enter 2012, the global economic outlook remains challeng- ing. Growth in the Eurozone has been paralyzed by enormous fiscal and monetary challenges. The emerging nations are just beginning to recover from a period of slower growth caused
by the significant interest-rate increases enacted to stem high levels of inflation. And the United States, while improving, is still growing well below trend growth rates. Faced with sub- trend global economic growth, companies must create their own growth.
We are ready for this challenge and greet it with renewed opti- mism and calibrated confidence. In the global recession of 2008-2009, we learned significant lessons that have resulted in important changes to our business model. These changes,
coupled with our continuous cycles of productivity improve- ment and the competitive, high-value new technologies we brought to our customers, allowed us to achieve record sales and profits in 2011. We know that continued change and agility will be key to continuing to compete successfully.
We begin Eaton’s “second century” as a fully transformed company. Once focused solely on North American vehicle mar- kets, Eaton today is a global power management company. We utilize the Eaton Business System to run our enterprise as an integrated operating company, capturing advantages of scale and breadth, while we provide a distinctive learning environ- ment for our team members and remain grounded as a values- based enterprise.
Our calibrated confidence is founded most fundamentally in our values-based culture. I recognize that many companies have a written commitment to the highest values — we do as well, but at Eaton we live them. Our values power our team members globally and provide each one of us with the confi- dence to embrace change and make a difference for our cus- tomers every day. We are proud of our values and proud of our company. And as a team we make our annual pledge to you, our shareholders: We are committed to Doing Business Right.
On behalf of our entire Eaton team, thank you for your con- tinued support.
Alexander M. Cutler
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
our businesses are balanced through the economic cycle
    23%
  29%
 eaton corporation 2011 Annual Report 5
