To Our Shareholders:
2009 was one of the most challenging years we have ever faced. World GDP declined for the first time since World War II. The global liquidity crisis had a severe impact on every one of our product and geographic markets. Companies and consumers simultaneously cut back on spending, creating a nearly catastrophic spiral of declining confidence and demand.
In times like these, it is not uncommon for companies to lose their confidence, their purpose, their willingness to take creative risk and their commitment to make a difference in their community. That’s far from the case at Eaton, as our people demonstrated the courage, will and spirit to continue to move forward, to inno- vate and to make a difference every day.
Eaton employees around the world did what was most important— they stayed focused, they lived our values and they dedicated themselves to “thinking powerfully” to solve the crucial needs of our customers. Because of their extraordinary efforts, we ended the year far stronger than anyone expected — and in a far better competitive position.
Even within our muted view of global economic recovery, I believe our opportunities will be enormous over the coming years. As
a diversified power management company, Eaton is positioned to address one of the most important challenges of our times— reducing the rising cost and environmental impact of the world’s insatiable energy demands.
Take Charge
We responded quickly and effectively to the economic downturn, reducing our cost structure and improving our liquidity, while continuing to invest for future growth. Eaton provides the power man- agement solutions that businesses need today–and the energy-efficient innovations that are helping to shape tomorrow.
Enhancing Liquidity—Investing for Growth
The rapid decline in our end markets that began during the fourth quarter of 2008 continued in 2009. In total, we estimate that our end markets shrank by 21 percent during 2009, compared to an average 6 percent growth over the previous three years.
To counteract this steep downturn, we acted swiftly to signifi- cantly adjust our cost structure, bolster our financial position and protect shareholder value. This included making the tough decision to reduce our employment and reduce base salaries through the use of unpaid leaves of absence for Eaton employ- ees. In addition, we reassigned tasks, reengineered processes, created new ways of doing business and, most importantly, worked to understand how the calamitous changes in demand had changed the value propositions for our customers.
At the same time, we continued to invest aggressively in the development of new power management technologies, innova- tions and capabilities—many of which are showcased on the pages that follow this letter. Eaton teams worked collaboratively with customers to earn larger shares of their business, so that
as global economic conditions improve, our business will rebound even more strongly.
As a result of these actions, we were able to maintain our profit- ability and strengthen our balance sheet during 2009 despite the weak economic environment. For the year, revenues declined 23 percent to $11.9 billion. Operating earnings per share totaled
eaton corporation 2009 Annual Report 3

We continue to expand our global presence
  45%
2009 sales
by final destination
U.S. International
55%
22%
2009 sales
by type of market
78%
    $2.59, down 62 percent from the previous year. We finished the year strongly with $1.35 operating earnings per share in the fourth quarter. Additionally:
• Our sales, operating profit, operating margin and net income each improved sequentially during the second, third and fourth quarters.
• We paid off $750 million in debt and contributed $270 million to our pension plans, greatly strengthening our balance sheet.
• We generated an all-time record $1.2 billion in free cash from operations, the result of greater efficiencies in our working capital and prudent constraints on our capital expenditures.
• We maintained our dividend and attractive yield.
• Our all-in shareholder return of 34 percent compared favorably with all-in returns of the Dow Jones industrial average of 23 per- cent, the S&P 500 of 26 percent and the NASDAQ of 45 percent.
• Our employees improved their safety record by 32 percent, and more than 97 percent participated in our annual global employee survey.
At the same time, we continued to make significant strides in our own energy efficiency and sustainability performance (for more
on this see pages 19 and 20). During the first quarter of 2010, we ex- panded that commitment by joining the Department of Energy’s Save Energy Now LEADER program, pledging to reduce our energy use by 25 percent, indexed to sales, between 2006 and 2016.
Reaffirming Our Balanced Business Strategy
Eaton’s power management businesses are not only diversified— they are balanced by their growth characteristics, geography and business cycle. This balanced strategy was key to our weathering the economic storm in 2009 and will continue to fuel our growth as conditions improve.
Business balance. We’ve dramatically increased our focus on faster-growing industries. In 2009, more than three-quarters of Eaton’s sales and profits came from our Electrical, Hydraulics and Aerospace businesses.
Developing Economies Developed Economies
Geographic balance. Eaton does business in more than 150 countries. During 2009, 55 percent of our revenues were driven by economies outside the United States—an important source of strength in an overall weak global economy. Since 22 percent of our revenues came from the developing economies of the world, we were able to benefit from demand in the countries leading the global recovery: China, India and Brazil.
Business-cycle balance. Eaton competes in early-, mid- and late-cycle industries, each responding earlier or later to changes in the economy. That was crucial in 2009, as our late-cycle businesses (Aerospace and the non-residential business within our Electrical segments) performed admirably, providing the revenue and earnings strength to help offset the negative results of our early-cycle businesses (Automotive, Truck and the resi- dential business within our Electrical segments). Those same early-cycle businesses are now leading us out of the recession and we expect to see our mid-cycle businesses (Hydraulics, in particular) gather momentum as 2010 progresses.
A Closer Look at How Our Businesses Performed
Electrical. Eaton’s Electrical business meets the growing demand of customers to improve the energy efficiency of their buildings, plants and infrastructure. We’ve now nearly fully integrated the major acquisitions we made in 2008, greatly expanding our tech- nologies, capabilities, distribution channels and global reach. Our new power distribution and power quality products partici- pated robustly in the rebound in the Asia-Pacific region. In Europe, greatly enhanced product and service capabilities have allowed us to support major customers’ total electrical needs. And in the Americas, the Electrical business notched new records in profit- ability in spite of weakening end markets.
Hydraulics. End markets for our hydraulics products and services declined by one-third in 2009, as investments in machines and equipment were severely curtailed by the liquidity crunch. Our teams responded quickly to adjust our resources to the reduced demand. We continued to invest in the development of innovative
“clean energy” technologies such as hydraulic hybrid powertrains
4 eaton corporation 2009 Annual Report

No cycle
$1.9 billion in revenues Electrical service, defense,
filtration, aerospace aftermarket
Late cycle
$2.7 billion in revenues Commercial aerospace, nonresidential construction,
large data centers
16%
2009 global cycle
33%
Early cycle
$3.9 billion in revenues Residential electric,
power quality (single-phase), heavy-duty truck, automotive
Mid cycle
$3.4 billion in revenues Hydraulics, industrial controls, medium-duty truck, mid-sized data centers
for commercial vehicles, as well as new products and services for fast-growing alternative energy applications, including wind power and hydropower.
Aerospace. Eaton helps aerospace customers meet their most demanding challenges, including reducing weight, increasing fuel efficiency and improving payload capabilities. During 2009, these capabilities helped us to win the contract to design and supply the hydraulics system for the new single-aisle MC-21 air- craft being developed in Russia, a project that aims to jumpstart that country’s commercial aircraft business.
Truck. 2009 has been a challenging year in most truck markets around the world. In spite of the downdraft in this market, we have continued our active investment and success in hybrid pow- ertrains (including a plug-in hybrid powertrain for commercial vehicles), in automated transmissions and in expanding our customer footprint in both India and China.
Automotive. The prospect of higher fuel prices is gaining momentum, and our fuel economy and emission reduction technologies are in demand. Our world-leading supercharger technology is being actively embraced in Europe and now Asia, with improving prospects in the Americas.
We Are Entering the “Power Management” Age
It is human nature to look to the future with optimism. We are all understandably hopeful that we have witnessed the bottom in the global recession. We look forward to a time when our markets have rebounded — and when economic conditions are more forgiving. But at the same time, we know that booming global economic conditions are still several years away, and that 2010 and perhaps 2011 are likely to be transition years.
Even so, I believe our opportunities for growth are tremendous, as we are positioned in the midst of one of the global megatrends of our times. The cost of energy extraction, distribution and utilization is going up. Most of the world’s countries have adopted, or are in the midst of adopting, caps, fees, taxes or incentives
to encourage the use of less energy and to lessen the
environmental impact of the energy we do use. The cost of finding and extracting energy continues to increase.
Our customers are responding to these powerful forces. They recognize they need new power management technologies to help them improve their own sustainable business footprints and ensure they are using energy safely, efficiently and eco- nomically. And that is just what we provide! We are taking on our customers’ most demanding problems—and solving them.
In 2010, we will continue to fulfill this promise, as we enter the year with the following expectations:
• Increase sales by 10 percent to $13 billion.
• Increase operating earnings per share by at least 50 percent, to $3.85 to $4.15 per share.
• Generate free cash flow of $600 million to $700 million.
A Final Word About Integrity and Values
The recession has tested the resolve of many organizations. Our commitment to being a values-based organization has remained constant and strong. In fact, this foundation has con- tinued to provide a steady source of strength and confidence that has so long differentiated Eaton. We know that “doing business right” pays dividends both in the short term and the long term. It is why so many people have made Eaton their chosen employer and supplier. We have maintained our commit- ments to our customers, our suppliers, our employees and the communities in which we are fortunate to do business. To each, we owe our sincerest gratitude. On behalf of our entire Eaton team, thank you for your continued support.
Alexander M. Cutler
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Our businesses are balanced through the economic cycle
    23%
  28%
 eaton corporation 2009 Annual Report 5
