 Forward Momentum
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
2015 was a year of challenges, and of change. We took — and continue to take — decisive steps to counteract ongoing headwinds and build on our accomplishments. We also announced our very talented new leadership team, who will now power Eaton forward.
Delivering credible performance in challenging times
We entered 2015 planning for modest growth in our end markets. By the end of the first quarter, early signs were apparent that 2015 would unfold very differently. Global industrial malaise, driven by the unwinding of the commodity boom in oil and gas, agriculture and mining, was compounded by the impact of greater-than-expected negative currency translation, creating
a very challenging operating environment for U.S. dollar denom- inated multinational companies. Our markets declined and currency translation further decreased revenues by approxi- mately $1.2 billion.
We moved decisively in early 2015 to counteract these strong headwinds and undertook a broad set of restructuring and cost containment actions, which helped offset the accelerating weak- ness in our markets during the final three quarters of 2015. Our global teams once again rose to the occasion and allowed us to set a number of performance records in spite of all these challenges.
Among the year’s financial and operating highlights:
• We posted sales of $20.9 billion, down 71⁄2 percent from 2014.
• Operating earnings, which exclude acquisition integration charges, were $2.0 billion, a decrease of 10 percent from 2014, adjusting for the 2014 litigation settlements and the gain on the small aerospace divestitures.
• Operating earnings per share were $4.30, down 8 percent from 2014.
• We generated $2.4 billion in cash from operations.
• We raised our dividend by 12 percent in February 2015 and another 4 percent in February 2016, positioning our dividend yield among the highest within our peer group.
• We repaid $1 billion of the debt we borrowed to finance the Cooper Industries acquisition.
• We contributed $330 million to our pension plans, strength- ening our balance sheet.
• We repurchased $682 million, or 11.3 million, of our shares— approximately 2.4 percent of our outstanding shares.
• We strengthened our commitment to sustainability by reducing emissions and our environmental footprint in waste to landfill and water consumption, while expanding efforts to build safer and healthier workplaces and communities. Additionally, we’re expanding our online sustainability report- ing and transparency in alignment with Global Reporting Initiative G4 standards.
• We improved the safety of our facilities and our work prac- tices—reducing our recordable incident rate by 6 percent from the previous year.
In spite of all these accomplishments, our total return to you, our shareholders, was a disappointing negative 21 percent over 2015. Some may take comfort in the fact that global equity returns were broadly disappointing. We do not. We expect more of ourselves.
Sharpening our focus
We recognize that global growth has slowed and the causes for this are not likely to change soon. Dealing with persistent slow growth demands an even more heightened focus on enterprise-wide competitiveness as well as a different use of our balance sheet.
We are undertaking a three-year (2015 through 2017) $400 mil- lion restructuring plan, which reduces enterprise-wide struc- tural costs and ensures that our company will be able to compete effectively and provide the returns that our investors expect. Having fulfilled our commitment to retire the $2.1 billion debt related to the Cooper acquisition (a final payment of $240 million was made in early January 2016), we have embarked on a different, more balanced use of our free cash flow. Since shar- ing our initial thoughts on capital allocation at mid-year last year, we have announced a plan to buy back a total of $3 billion of our shares from 2015 through 2018. Coupled with our strong divi- dend yield, we believe this will provide a substantial base annual return to our shareholders.
This restructuring plan will both lower our structural enterprise costs and provide year-to-year savings, strengthening our earnings profile.
 40
ALEXANDER M. CUTLER
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 + YEARS SERVING EATON
 2
EATON 2015 Annual Report

Among our operating highlights for 2015:
Electrical. Despite a greater contraction in our global end markets, our revenues declined by only 1 percent, excluding the effect of currency translation. We have largely completed the integration of our Cooper acquisition, and the launch of our new energy-saving offerings — variable speed drives and starters — highlighted an enormous year of new product innovation.
Hydraulics. Our revenues declined by 10 percent, excluding the effect of currency translation, as the global commodity cycles in oil and gas, agriculture, and mining were compounded by continued weakness in construction equipment markets. New technology, such as our new lines of modular control load sense and distributed control meter advanced mobile valves, highlighted a robust year of new product introductions.
Aerospace. Our aerospace business performed strongly, growing revenues by 1 percent, excluding the effect of currency translation and the 2014 divestitures. New technology develop- ments, such as our fuel pump for the GE9X engine that is designed to meet the demanding fuel efficiency requirements of the new Boeing 777X platform, continue to meet our custom- ers’ heightened expectations for performance.
Vehicle. Overall revenues were flat, excluding the effect of cur- rency translation, as strength in the U.S. offset weakness in South America. Our focus on fuel economy, safety and emissions is paying off, and we were pleased to launch our new engine brake for commercial trucks, which will go into production in early 2017.
“We have changed a great deal over the past 16 years. And our evolution must continue. What has not changed is our commitment to Doing Business Right.”
Powering forward
At the end of May 2016, I will conclude 41 years of service to Eaton. I have had the honor to lead this organization since 2000. I began my first year as Chairman and CEO during a recession and, once again, we find ourselves in a period of economic weakness. The difference is that our company is now a far better balanced and performing enterprise—one more capable of successfully dealing with adversity and opportunities. We have changed a great deal over the past 16 years. And our evo- lution must continue. What has not changed is our commitment to Doing Business Right. I continue to believe that this founda- tional commitment powers all that we do at Eaton and gives us the courage as an organization to continue to evolve our strat- egy and businesses.
In 2000, our board and leadership team made a strategic com- mitment to executive development, and that investment has paid solid dividends in terms of the depth and breadth of our leadership team. Our executive succession plan, announced in June 2015, was headlined with the appointment of Craig Arnold as my successor as Chairman and CEO as of June 1, 2016. We are fortunate to have a leader of Craig’s caliber. Craig and his senior leadership team, comprised of Rick Fearon, Revathi Advaithi and Uday Yadav, have fresh ideas, 63 years of combined leadership at Eaton and a collective commitment to take our company to the next level.
As I conclude my last annual letter to you, our shareholders, I thank you for your support and share with you my personal con- fidence in our thoughtful transition plan, the experience and enormous capabilities of our new leadership team, our plan for 2016 and, most importantly, for Eaton’s future.
Alexander M. Cutler
Chairman
  63YEARSOF 1DYNAMIC COMBINED LEADERSHIP EATON
AT EATON
CRAIG ARNOLD President and Chief Operating Officer, REVATHI ADVAITHI Chief Operating Officer, Electrical Sector, UDAY YADAV Chief Operating Officer, Industrial Sector, and RICHARD H. FEARON Vice Chairman and Chief Financial and Planning Officer
 TEAM
 EATON 2015 Annual Report 3
