Enterg y Cor porat ion a nd Subsid ia r ies 20 07

To Our Stakeholders

A
n

re we having fun yet? To most people winning is fun. As they say, it beats losing.

for 10 consecutive years, the only company to be honored each year since the awards were created. For 2007, we received the EEI Emergency Assistance Award for the work of our dedicated employees in helping to restore power in Oklahoma following an ice storm.
n

From the theme of this year's report, you could properly conclude

that we are having fun, and not because we have actually won anything. In part, we are having fun because we are "winning" on things that not only make a difference today, but also on things that set the foundation for the future of this company. We are winning in battles that we have been fighting for a long time; winning on things that matter to each of you, such as: Delivering the highest total shareholder return in our industry, 414.3 percent from Dec. 31, 1998 to Dec. 31, 2007 compared to 134.1 percent for the Philadelphia Utility Index over the same period. In 2007, we delivered total shareholder return of 32.5 percent, once again ranking in the top quartile of our peer group.
n

Investing in people. We have provided $35 million in grants since we began our low-income customer assistance initiative in 1999, leveraging at least $24.5 million in additional public and private funds to help low-income families and individuals throughout Arkansas, Louisiana, Massachusetts, Mississippi, New York, Texas and Vermont. In 2007, Entergy received the U.S. Chamber of Commerce Award for Community Service and in early 2008, we were recognized for a third time with the EEI Advocacy Excellence Award for our

Creating the safest possible work environment as evidenced by lowering our Lost Work Day Incident Rate to 0.22 in 2007, our best year ever, from 1.08 in 1998. While this is still short of our goal, an accident-free work environment, clearly we can see measurable progress every year.

lEoNard
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

J.Wayne

low-income initiative.
n

Backing up our environmental concerns with actions. On climate change, we have articulated a clear vision for change and made a second voluntary commitment to stabilize our own carbon dioxide emissions at 20 percent below year 2000 levels from 2006 to 2010. In 2007, for the sixth consecutive year, we were the only U.S. utility named to the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index in recognition of our sustainability efforts.

n

Keeping the prices our customers pay as low as practical. Our residential utility customers have essentially seen no increase in base rates for nine years. Average residential base rates in 1998 were

4.90 cents per kWh compared to 4.97 cents per kWh in 2007. When adjusted for inflation, our customers experienced a real decrease in base rates over the past nine-year period.
n

We are proud of our track record of accomplishment. But we don't believe in declaring victory every time we have a good year. Nor do we believe in giving in because we're out-numbered in our point of view, or giving up because the path to success is unclear. For example, for a number of years we have been frustrated in our aspiration of realizing the full value of our non-utility nuclear fleet. After considerable time and effort, we believe in 2007 we found the key to unlock the full value in a way that assures those

Providing the best possible service when it matters most. Obviously, in 2005 with hurricanes Katrina and Rita we proved we could write the book on emergency response. But that was no surprise. We have received the Edison Electric Institute Emergency Storm Response Award or Emergency Assistance Award every year

2

Enterg y Cor porat ion a nd Subsid ia r ies 20 07

who share and have supported Entergy's point of view on nuclear or carbon are rewarded for their patience.

reflect the full value of carbon-free energy. Robust cash projections, with line of sight at $2 billion 2012 earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, support assuming more financial risk or accepting greater volatility in return for greater cash flows than is practical as part of the "utility". Specifically, SpinCo expects to execute roughly $4.5 billion of debt financing, subject to market terms and conditions ­ a stark contrast to when we started this business and it had to be all internally financed with shareholder money, limiting our dividend payout and other potential investments.

Unlocking Value ­ Separation of Our Non-Utility Nuclear Business
In 2007, our Board of Directors approved plans to pursue the spin-off of Entergy's non-utility nuclear business to our shareholders and the formation of a nuclear services joint venture to be owned equally by Entergy and the spun-off entity, referred to as SpinCo.  While the operating results of the non-utility nuclear plants contribute substantially to Entergy's current share price, market capitalization and profitability, the full value of the business has not and is unlikely to be realized or recognized embedded in a regulated "utility". Over the last nine years, shareholders have put considerable capital at risk as we started and grew this business. While shareholders have seen substantial rewards, the proposed structure provides a very real opportunity for full value realization while maintaining the safety, security and operational excellence of our entire (utility and non-utility) nuclear fleet.  Following the spin, Entergy shareholders will hold two distinct equities ­ Entergy stock, comprised of the regulated utility business, referred to as Entergy Classic, and a 50 percent stake in the nuclear services joint venture, and stock in SpinCo, comprised of the non-utility nuclear plants, a power marketing operation, and the remaining 50 percent stake in the nuclear services joint venture. SpinCo will be uniquely positioned as the only pure-play, emissionfree nuclear generating company in the United States, at a time when the states, the nation and the world move inevitably toward a less carbon-intensive future.  The option value of this transaction cannot be overstated. In the spin-off, shareholders will receive a highly liquid, publicly traded stock that we believe will be better recognized for its innate and scarcity value. Good corporate governance dictates that the decision to buy, hold or sell this uniquely positioned segment of our business and this industry be made available to individual shareholders to execute consistent with their individual points of view and risk appetite. This structure provides owners what we would consider a free option.  As part of the spin-off from the regulated utility, SpinCo will have the opportunity to maintain an efficient risk profile for its business, while aspiring to strong merchant credit relative to others in the sector. Conceptually, that means increased borrowing capacity and increased flexibility in the decisions on when or whether to enter into financial hedges for the plants' output. That is particularly valuable in an illiquid long-term market that has yet to

VALUE TRILOGY
We are pursuing plans to spin off our non-utility nuclear assets to our shareholders and form a nuclear services joint venture owned equally by Entergy and SpinCo.
 The nuclear services joint venture retains the talented, experienced nuclear operations team that currently operates our non-utility nuclear assets and Nebraska Public Power District's Cooper Nuclear Station, reflecting Entergy's commitment to maintaining safety, security and operational excellence. As a premier nuclear operator, the joint venture will have broad experience operating boiling and pressurized water reactor technologies, enabling it to grow through offerings of nuclear services to third parties, including plant operations, decommissioning and relicensing.  As part of the spin-off, Entergy Corporation expects to receive $4 billion, $1.5 billion of which is targeted to reduce debt. The remaining $2.5 billion is targeted for a share repurchase program, $0.5 billion of which has already been authorized by the Entergy Board of Directors, with the balance to be authorized and to commence following completion of the spin-off. Post-spin, Entergy Classic's dividend payout ratio aspiration ranges from 70 to 75 percent.  Post-spin, primary focus from Entergy's leadership team will be on the utility business, enabling continued value creation and growth. We will pursue strategies that benefit our customers through greater energy efficiency, including new, more efficient generating technologies, better price signals and more effective usage of our product. Entergy Classic offers a unique utility investment

3

Enterg y Cor porat ion a nd Subsid ia r ies 20 07

Unlocking Value Through Operations ­ Our 2007 Results

CORPORATE
We ranked number one in total shareholder return over the nine-year period from Dec. 31, 1998 to Dec. 31, 2007.
opportunity with a unique base rate path and earnings per share growth prospect. The utilities' investment opportunities to reduce fuel cost and volatility are substantial relative to their own balance sheet. In that regard, we will not take on more than we can handle. Innovative financing with structures allowing for thirdparty investment or financing in specific projects (e.g., nuclear) will be extensively evaluated and implemented if it contributes to maintaining a strong credit rating, lowering customers' bills or protecting shareholder value. Through this transformation, Entergy Classic aspires to a "real" decrease in customer rates, with a base rate path less than projected inflation, while simultaneously growing earnings per share six to eight percent through 2012, creating value for all stakeholders.  It is rare to uncover an opportunity with the potential to deliver substantial value to all stakeholders. Moreover, as an Entergy shareholder, we clearly expect that you will be advantaged by both the value of SpinCo and the enhanced value of Entergy Classic. We will continue to take the necessary actions, including seeking requisite regulatory approvals, in order to complete the transaction around the end of the third quarter of 2008.

Even as we continue to evaluate opportunities to realize the value inherent in our existing assets, our 14,300 employees remain focused on creating value through industry-leading performance in our ongoing operations. As a result of their efforts, Entergy delivered total shareholder return of 32.5 percent in 2007, placing us once again in the top quartile of our peer companies.  We achieved our $1 per share operational earnings growth aspiration and did so in a challenging economic climate. Entergy's operational earnings were $5.76 per share, up 22 percent from $4.72 per share in 2006. As-reported earnings were $5.60 per share, up 4.5 percent from $5.36 per share in 2006. We initiated a new $1.5 billion stock repurchase program in 2007, and returned nearly $1 billion of cash to our owners through that program, doubling our repurchase aspiration of $500 million. In addition, our Board of Directors increased the dividend for the first time since the last increase in 2004, consistent with our aspiration to achieve a 60 percent target payout ratio. And our operational return on invested capital increased, moving towards our 10 percent financial aspiration. These financial accomplishments were realized without sacrificing our solid credit metrics. We never lose sight of our point of view that a strong balance sheet is a fundamental component of longterm financial success.  A more detailed description of the performance of our Corporation, Utility and Nuclear Businesses ­ as well as our point of view on a carbon policy to address the climate change issue ­ can be found later in this report. Highlights include:
In our utility business ,

we made solid progress in executing

our portfolio transformation strategy in 2007 ­ announcing the acquisitions of the 789-megawatt Ouachita Power Facility in northern Louisiana and the 322-megawatt Calcasieu Generating

UTILITIES
We are pursuing our portfolio transformation strategy to meet demand, diversify our fleet and create opportunities to lower costs for our customers.

Facility in southwestern Louisiana and receiving regulatory approval to proceed with the Little Gypsy Unit 3 repowering project. We continue to pursue buy, build and contract power purchase options through our portfolio transformation initiative in order to procure the right generating technologies for our customers in the most efficient manner possible. In addition, we're preserving our option to invest in the next, simpler, more efficient generation of nuclear plants, with potential new nuclear development at our Grand Gulf Nuclear Station and River Bend Station.  We essentially reached closure on the regulatory recovery process for the unprecedented devastation of the 2005 storm season. In May, Entergy New Orleans emerged from bankruptcy,

4

Enterg y Cor porat ion a nd Subsid ia r ies 20 07

following approval of a $200 million Community Development Block Grant from the Louisiana Recovery Authority and after reaching a regulatory recovery agreement with the New Orleans City Council. In August, we received the final regulatory approval for Entergy Louisiana and Entergy Gulf States Louisiana from the Louisiana Public Service Commission for recovery of roughly $1 billion, representing the balance of storm restoration costs and the establishment of storm reserves. Securitization ­ a new, improved mechanism for cost recovery that results in lower overall bills to our customers ­ was also approved by the LPSC, consistent with actions taken in Mississippi and Texas, and final securitization proceeds are expected in 2008. In other utility matters, the long-studied jurisdictional separation became a reality at the end of 2007, when Entergy Gulf States, Inc. separated into two vertically integrated utilities ­ Entergy Gulf States Louisiana, L.L.C. and Entergy Texas, Inc.
In our nuclear business ,

no environmental impacts that would preclude license renewal at these sites. All three sites are on track to receive renewed licenses during 2008. Also in 2007, the NRC accepted the license renewal application for the Indian Point Energy Center. While there has been significant public rhetoric surrounding the safety or need for Indian Point, we are confident the NRC license renewal process provides a fair hearing of any legitimate issues and concerns raised by the public and interested parties. We are confident Indian Point exceeds all the parameters for license renewal. Simply put, Indian Point is safe, secure and vital to the community interests.

NUCLEAR
Our premier nuclear fleet presents a major opportunity for value realization with its safe, secure and emission-free power generation.
As a corporation ,

we closed on our acquisition of

the 798-megawatt Palisades Nuclear Plant in Michigan. We also completed the implementation of our fleet alignment initiative for our utility and non-utility nuclear teams ­ with goals to eliminate redundancies, capture economies of scale and clearly establish organizational governance. Our first priority in our nuclear operations is safety and security. Only then do we pursue productivity improvements and cost efficiencies. When operational issues surface, we focus on resolving the issue at hand in the most appropriate manner and that may include temporarily suspending operations at a plant. While the forced outage levels we experienced in 2007 are not the performance we expect from our fleet, as good nuclear operators we take the opportunity to review our programs and procedures to ensure we adjust and perform up to our high standards going forward.  At the same time, it should be acknowledged not all forced outages are the same. Some were the result of events outside the plant itself, like the extended transformer-related outage at Indian Point 3. While there was some opportunity to mitigate the financial effect of this outage by starting the unit earlier using the other transformer at the plant and running at a lower capacity factor, we did not do that. It is simply not consistent with the Entergy Nuclear standards for safety, redundancy, reliability and risk management.  We continued our license renewal efforts and reached several key milestones. The Nuclear Regulatory Commission issued its final environmental impact statements for Vermont Yankee Nuclear Power Station, Pilgrim Nuclear Station, and most recently in January for the James A. FitzPatrick Nuclear Power Plant, finding

we continued our unwavering commitment

to sustainable development. We believe action must be taken to first stabilize and then reduce emissions of greenhouse gases. For this reason, we made a second voluntary commitment to stabilize our CO2 emissions at 20 percent below year 2000 levels from 2006 to 2010 even as we continue to grow our electric production. Our cumulative CO2 emissions for 2006 and 2007 were 79.0 tons, 7.2 percent better than our stabilization goal of 85.1 tons. Our belief in the realities of climate change and the principles that should guide us as a society as we develop a carbon policy are detailed later in this report.  I am proud of what we accomplished in 2007. I'm particularly proud to be part of a Board of Directors that over the last nine years has been faced with some of the hardest decisions Boards ever encounter. Without exception, they have never wavered from their obligations and commitments. The decision to pursue a spin-off of the non-utility nuclear business is evidence of this. It is one thing for companies to spin off businesses that are "losing" the war. It is another to spin off a winning, but relatively small segment, particularly under shareholder pressure. It is quite another, under no external pressures, to spin off the most profitable, highest growth business with potentially a bigger market capitalization than the remaining business. This was a hard decision, not because

5

Enterg y Cor porat ion a nd Subsid ia r ies 20 07

the Board wasn't focused on doing the right thing, but because they were focused on absolutely assuring we get it right and not leave any money on the table in the transaction.

 I started by asking "Are we having fun yet?" Admittedly, it wasn't much "fun" seven years ago to answer questions on why we were spending money to voluntarily reduce greenhouse gases before it was mainstream to even acknowledge climate change was real. It wasn't much fun to hear the chuckles when we were buying nuclear plants when the conventional wisdom was they were a liability. It wasn't much fun when the combination of hurricanes Katrina and Rita wiped out 120,000 square miles of our system, including our corporate headquarters, putting hundreds of employees out of a place to work or live, and thousands on the road day and night in the recovery effort. And we didn't have answers to employee questions like, "When will we have a day off to check on our home?" or "Will the company ever be able to return to our home city ­ New Orleans?" It wasn't much fun when, despite our best efforts, our goal of zero accidents was too distant to see. And it wasn't

Climate Change
We believe now is the time to implement a smart carbon policy ­ using certain guiding principles ­ in order to stabilize harmful emissions of greenhouse gases.
 For another example, I would remind you Entergy did not jump in front of the parade after climate change became "fashionable" or after stakeholder pressures were applied. More than six years ago, the Board directed the company to begin reducing emissions, not just talk about it. They have established principles for the climate change debate consistent with the economic realities and our company's values. For example, we are a large independent power generator, but our principles for climate change do not promote free emission allowances under a cap-and-trade program to power generators. We believe any free allowances should go only to the end-use customers. We also believe the bulk of research and development money should go to research for the retrofit of existing coal plants even though almost all of our generating plants are nuclear- and natural gas-fueled. And even given the fact that we have been voluntarily reducing our own emissions for years, we are not prepared to support any mandatory plan for everyone else, who have done little or nothing, that does not consider the potential devastating financial effects on the poor and middle class. We recognize that it could be argued our principles are flawed. The company would be better off supporting free allowances for all generators based on output or not supporting research to "save" the existing competing coal plants. But that's why they call them principles. You can read more about the facts supporting our principles later in the report.

much fun when the stock price of the company remained in the $20s as it had for decades.  Now, it is fun to see the results of years of effort and executing on a solid point of view. But despite the skepticism of others or our own frustrations at the slow progress in some areas over the years, we have always had fun. It's fun because we love what we do, and believe in the long run, doing it well while doing the right thing makes a difference. A difference for owners, for employees and their families, for our communities and for future generations.

J. Wayne Leonard
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

6

