To Our Stakeholders
uper Bowl XLV, played on Feb. 6, 2011, was seen in the U.S. by more people than any other broadcast in the history of television. It is already regarded as one of the best Super Bowls ever. Green Bay came out on top over Pittsburgh ­ in case you were one of the few that happened to miss the game or the media coverage since. It was a tough, hard-fought game on both sides. Afterward Pittsburgh coach Mike Tomlin was interviewed in the tunnel as he left the field. The first question was related to how close the game was and how hard everyone on both sides had played. The reporter asked: given all of that, how would he (Tomlin) categorize the game when he looks back on it? Without batting an eye, he simply responded "as a loss." No excuses. No woulda, coulda, shoulda. No happy talk about the experience they will take away, the lessons learned, the accomplishment of just being there. "It's a loss." In reviewing our 2010 annual report it struck me that compared to Tomlin's bottomline assessment, our report could be read as too much happy talk in a year that could fairly be called "a loss." Total shareholder return was negative for the year. I assure you that if we had lost the Super Bowl, we couldn't be more frustrated. But unlike sports or games that have a beginning and an end, in business, while we measure financial results annually, the process of growing and building the business, of serving our stakeholders, of creating sustainability is continuous. Even in the best years you can never declare victory. In 2010, despite the pain of losing on the financial scoreboard, we did accomplish a great deal in almost every area of the business ­ areas that are critical not only to meeting our stakeholders' needs but also to achieving long-term success. This year my 85-year-old mother passed away. She had a hard life growing up ­ orphaned at nine years old and left to raise her two younger sisters in the Kentucky hills during the Depression. At her funeral, the eulogy, and the usual time spent with family and friends remembering her life, was rife with home-spun proverbs and well-told adages my mother lived by and was quick to remind her children of right up until her passing. The most memorable to me was one most people have heard at one time or another. "If wishes were horses, beggars would ride." Every time I fantasized out loud that I hoped to get a good grade on some test coming up, or hoped to run a certain time in this year's track season, or hoped someday to own a certain car (like one without bald tires) or any number of things we might daydream out loud about, she would quickly remind me that those kinds of things don't just happen. It starts with preparation, sacrifice and hard work. It starts with getting off the couch or out of bed or turning off the TV (all three channels in black and white), not from just wishing it so. "If wishes were horses, beggars would ride." Much as my mother used adages to make a point, in this report we utilize fables to illustrate how we think about the business and serving our stakeholders. The morals of each fable are Entergy's adages, words we live by. In this report you will read a lot about

E N T E R G Y C O R P O R AT I O N A N D S U B S I D I A R I E S 2 0 1 0

accomplishments that have positioned the company for a better future than this year's financial scoreboard shows; about progress that came from an organization that has a sense of purpose and is committed to achieving its aspirations. The industry is facing some potentially tough times ahead ­ from increasing capital needs to meet stricter environmental rules that are almost certainly coming and to expand or modernize an aging infrastructure to enable new technologies on both the supply and demand side, and from demand destruction from a slow economic recovery out of the recent recession and the technological change that is already occurring (e.g., self generation, home automation). While the economy may bounce back, the technological change on usage is more likely to accelerate. And for those with merchant plants like our non-utility generation business, the realities of supply and demand point to substantially lower commodity prices, at least in the short term. We could spend a lot of time wishing it weren't so, but the reality is that we have to find the opportunities in a changing world and create our own future, one that is better than the past. Most immediate to many of you is the need to resolve the specific uncertainties that overhang the company and the stock price. (More about that later.) If you consider the year's accomplishments relative to total shareholder return, it seems like either the market knows something we don't or we're focused on the wrong things. In 2010 we had the highest operating cash flow and the highest operational earnings per share in company history. In fact, in 10 of the last 11 years we set a new company record for the highest operational earnings per share. But, nonetheless, investors were underwhelmed, viewing the future with a very wary eye. Whether we are arguing the efficiency of markets or wisdom of groups, we have to accept the reality of what the market is telling us. We do understand the concerns. We have spent considerable time ourselves over the last few months and years working to create more options and alternative scenarios or strategies to avoid the potential scenarios many envision coming as higher costs and lower revenues clash in future years. At Entergy, we don't engage in wishful thinking that somehow we won't have to deal with these issues. We believe our track record supports that we apply "cold eyes" when analyzing business risks, act consistently with the "cold eyes" point of view, and do not rely on wishful thinking. That "cold eyes" point of view has paid dividends in the past and will prove a sound business model for the future. It is among the lessons and truths that guide us every day as we conduct our business. These include:







Always ask the right questions, be willing to timely adapt your point of view and proactively manage your portfolio. At best, following the herd leads to mediocrity. Manage risk and maintain access to cash to survive and thrive. (It's still an open question whether previous companies known for innovation and talent were brought down by the corrupt practices of a few or the basic principle of failing to practice simple enterprisewide risk management.) Operate with concern for safety, the environment, communities, employees, customers and shareholders. It is the only sustainable way to run a business.

Along with others, these principles have led to significant accomplishments since 1998 such as:  We set new company safety records in numerous years. It's now the way we do business. Today, we are redoubling our efforts in this area, striving to achieve an accident-free work environment.  We delivered top-quartile total shareholder return of 240.9 percent for the 12-year period ending Dec. 31, 2010.  We returned $10.6 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases.  We bolstered our liquidity position with nearly $4 billion in liquidity resources at year-end 2010, including $330 million in cash storm reserves. In addition, we reduced event risk from hurricanes and other major storms by remaining the recognized industry leader in storm restoration and securing recovery of $2.4 billion in storm costs using a now-standard framework.  We realized sustained improvement in Utility customer service performance over the past 12 years and again in 2010, as measured by outage duration, outage frequency and regulatory outage complaints.  We set numerous records in nuclear operations, including the highest capability factor of 94.1 percent for the Utility fleet in 2010 and 95.3 percent for the nonutility fleet in 2006. At year-end 2010, more than half of our fleet was evaluated in the "excellence" category as compared to peers. In addition, we've had four breaker-to-breaker runs in the last six years. As we demonstrate later in this report, every plant has continuously set a new standard of excellence.  We completed more than 40 transactions on either the buy or sell side, reducing risk and refocusing on our core competencies.

3

Also depressed power prices affected the non-utility generation business, with another $9.25 to $12.50 per MWh decline in forward Northeast power prices for the 2011 through 2014 period. Regardless of the challenges facing us today, our  overarching financial aspiration to consistently achieve top-quartile total shareholder return remains the same. We have done this for many years and we can do it again. Our Utility business is among the fastest growing in the U.S., and the non-utility generation business is among the best positioned in the near term, providing certainty in a bearish environment. Going forward, we're focused on creating and preserving cash to fund opportunistic investments Our 12-year track record of performance is due largely consistent with our points of view. In these efforts, we to the efforts of our employees, need to be attentive to our proven leadership team and board of ability to create value through directors. The hard work and effective portfolio management. A Record of Success commitment to Entergy's success Absent attractive investment that these individuals demonstrate opportunities, our long-term We are proud of the recognition we received in 2010. Among the honors are: every day is without question financial outlook updated last  Dow Jones Sustainability World Index our greatest strength and most October supports the return of and North America Index powerful advantage. capital of as much as $4 billion to  Edison Electric Institute Emergency $5 billion from 2010 through 2014. Assistance Award Understanding and We need to put more certainty Eliminating the "Downs" around that number, grow it and  Nuclear Energy Institute Best of the Best Top Industry Practice Award in an Up-and-Down Year deploy it well (either return it As I previously mentioned, we directly to you or invest it wisely  GovernanceMetrics International achieved record operational and profitably). global rating of 10.0, the highest possible rating, in recognition of earnings per share in 2010, but best-in-class corporate governance were unable to translate this result The Utility: Developing  National Fuel Funds Network 2010 Productive Opportunities into a positive total shareholder Corporate Excellence Award for return. Our as-reported earnings Our Utility business is first and fighting poverty and helping for 2010 were $6.66 per share, 5.7 foremost an essential service low-income customers percent higher than 2009. Not only provider to the people and  Minority Engineer magazine Top 50 did we achieve another record businesses in Arkansas, Louisiana, Employers for 2010 year of operational earnings Mississippi and Texas. We never per share for our company (the lose sight of this fact. In 2010, tenth new record since 1999), we the Utility continued to focus on realized record operating cash flow for the year. We at the reliability and affordability, and it improved customer same time returned $1.5 billion to shareholders through service performance as measured by outage duration, dividends and share repurchases. We increased our outage frequency and regulatory outage complaints. annual dividend in April by 11 percent and completed our In addition, the Utility worked with state and local $750 million share repurchase program. And in October regulators in each jurisdiction to achieve constructive the board authorized another share repurchase program outcomes. In order for the utility operating companies of $500 million. to attract capital for productive investments to meet But again, our total shareholder return was service obligations at a price consistent with others with (9.7) percent, ranking in the bottom quartile of our peer the same risk profile, there are two key requirements: group. Uncertainties continue to weigh on Entergy's first, a reasonable opportunity to earn a fair return (that's stock including, among others, license renewal efforts at where constructive regulation comes in) and second, Indian Point Energy Center Units 2 and 3, Pilgrim Nuclear managers who operate effectively and efficiently every Power Station and Vermont Yankee Nuclear Power Station. day in serving customers' needs. In that regard, two


We were the first U.S. utility to commit to voluntarily reduce greenhouse gases. Not only are we following through, we are exceeding our commitment. We have been long-standing external advocates for sustainable carbon policies at the federal, state and local levels. We established the Entergy Charitable Foundation and our low-income initiative to address the widespread poverty in our communities. Over the past 12 years, we raised more than $19 million in customer assistance funds, provided $2 million in seed money to help lowincome families build assets in a program that now serves 69 communities, provided more than $20 million to help rebuild New Orleans after Katrina and much more.

4

E N T E R G Y C O R P O R AT I O N A N D S U B S I D I A R I E S 2 0 1 0

major regulatory achievements in 2010 came in Arkansas and Texas. Entergy Arkansas achieved a $63.7 million rate increase and a 10.2 percent allowed ROE ­ its first base rate increase in 25 years. And Entergy Texas received a $68 million rate increase and a 10.125 percent allowed ROE. Productive investments are another key factor in the Utility business' long-term growth outlook. Investments in generation, transmission and distribution operations are made to ensure safe delivery of reliable, clean and affordable power to customers. Through the portfolio transformation strategy, the Utility continues to pursue opportunities to procure the right generation technologies in the right place for our customers in the most efficient manner possible. In early 2011, Entergy Louisiana expects to close on the Acadia Energy Center Unit 2 acquisition, a highly efficient, load-following natural gas-fired plant in southern Louisiana. Pursuant to the Summer 2009 Request for Proposals for Long-Term Resources, the Utility is negotiating the purchase of additional power capacity and evaluating the self-build of a 550-megawatt combined-cycle, gas-turbine generation facility at our Ninemile Point Power Plant in Westwego, La. Also planned is the 178-megawatt uprate at Grand Gulf Nuclear Station scheduled for completion in 2012. These and other planned investments at the utility operating companies deliver tangible benefits to customers while generating solid returns for shareholders. During 2010, work continued with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and state and local regulators through the Entergy Regional State Committee to address matters related to the utility operating companies' transmission operations. The current independent coordinator of transmission arrangement was extended on an interim basis for up to two years, through November 2012, providing time for analysis of longer-term structures, including post-System Agreement structures. Looking ahead, the Utility business is well positioned to capitalize on opportunities as they arise in the coming years. With its disciplined capital approach, effective regulatory constructs and investment outlook, the Utility expects to generate compound average net income growth of 6 to 8 percent from 2010 to 2014 (2009 base year) ­ an increase from the previous 5 to 6 percent growth outlook for the same period.

Entergy Wholesale Commodities: A Unique Generation Business
In June 2010, following the rejection of the planned spin-off of our non-utility nuclear fleet (Enexus) by the New York Public Service Commission, we redesigned the organization structure to strengthen the effectiveness

of our non-utility generation business. Named Entergy Wholesale Commodities or EWC, the organization substantially replicates the way Enexus would have looked as a stand-alone company. It brings an increased commercial focus, greater integration and accountability for business unit risk and finance functions, and a heightened and unified focus on state government and regulatory affairs. As EWC moves forward, its top priority is to preserve its existing nuclear assets by obtaining license renewals. EWC worked with the Atomic Safety and Licensing Board and the Nuclear Regulatory Commission staff to advance processes in 2010 for Indian Point Units 2 and 3, Pilgrim and Vermont Yankee. In March 2011, the NRC said that they expect Vermont Yankee's renewed operating license for an additional 20 years will be issued soon. Also at Vermont Yankee, we continue to strive to restore a tarnished image locally in the state of Vermont. EWC is faced with disproving a negative perception put in the minds of the public that the age of the plant is the determinant of its operating condition. Having completed another breaker-to-breaker run in 2010, as well as earning an evaluation in the "excellence" category compared to peers, Vermont Yankee's operating record clearly supports the plant's reputation as one of the best in the country. But that is not the perception in the state where we are located, our employees live and where we do a lot of business (i.e., wholesale power sales). We do not want an adversarial relationship in Vermont or any place we do business. But we are a business and have every right to be there. At Indian Point, EWC is pursuing resolution of proceedings before the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation where the central issue is the staff decision to order the installation of cooling towers. EWC believes wedgewire screens are now the Best Technology Available and are proven to be effective on large-scale plants such as Indian Point. Moreover it is clear to us the staff's decision is fatally flawed because cooling towers emit fine particulates. Thus these towers cannot receive the necessary air permits to be constructed in a non-attainment area. A trial addressing these threshold issues, among others, is scheduled to begin around mid-2011. The Cooper Nuclear Station, which EWC manages under a long-term management services contract for the Nebraska Public Power District, successfully renewed its license for another 20-year term. The extensive process took the EWC business development team, which is recognized worldwide for its license renewal services, 26 months to complete. Even with progress made in 2010, the license renewal process has become increasingly uncertain since our original license renewal filings for Vermont Yankee and

5

Pilgrim in January 2006. On Jan. 18, 2011, President Obama issued an executive order to all agencies to streamline the unnecessary bureaucracy that is putting jobs at risk and costing business and consumers unnecessarily. Specifically in follow-up letters to the NRC, members of Congress have directed their concerns to the Nuclear License Renewal Process, naming Pilgrim and Vermont Yankee's applications as specific examples where regulatory uncertainty, lack of transparency and extended timeframes need to be explained and greater consideration given to the rights of applicants in this process. That said ­ EWC fully expects to gain NRC approval for another 20 years at Pilgrim, Vermont Yankee and Indian Point. Not only is each plant safe (the main criterion) but also each is vital to the regional power generation infrastructure. Published reports from the New York Independent System Operator and the ISO New England have stated that the unexpected retirement of Indian Point and Vermont Yankee would immediately create grid reliability issues in their respective regions. As EWC implemented its new organization structure and advanced the license renewal process, our nuclear team remained focused on the safe, secure and efficient operation of each plant. Their hard work produced results in 2010, including operational successes at each plant. On a less happy note, the year started out with the discovery of tritium in the groundwater at Vermont Yankee in January 2010. Upon investigation, the leak resulted from a design flaw by the original owner's architect/engineer that occurred more than 25 years before Entergy purchased the plant. The flawed piping was in concrete vaults well beneath the earth's surface and unobservable through the industry standard inspection procedures. EWC found the source, re-engineered the pipes and performed extensive remediation work related to the tritium leak, which included transporting affected groundwater offsite out of Vermont to be processed. We remain committed to becoming the industry leader in tritium leak prevention, detection and remediation, and efforts under this initiative are ongoing. I should add that no tritium has been detected in any drinking water sample, or in any other way did the tritium leak pose a danger to public health or safety. The future level of profitability of the EWC plants remains highly uncertain as power prices remain under intense pressure; driven in part by the economic downturn (demand), but more directly by the abundant U.S. supply of shale gas. The industry has known for a very long time that shale gas existed in great quantity. But the unexpected technology breakthrough in drilling techniques (e.g., breaking up the rock and soil to get to

the reserves) made it economic to go get it. There was no secret where it was, so almost overnight the natural gas was flowing. In part from the increased focus created by its new organization that has enhanced our market-based point of view, EWC is currently one of the best-positioned non-utility generators in the country relative to nearterm commodity prices. Planned nuclear production is essentially fully hedged in 2011 and 87 percent sold in 2012. For the entire portfolio, the value of EWC's nuclear energy hedges was approximately $1 billion "in-the-money" based on observable market prices as of February 2011. That could change if EWC gets a surprise event, but it illustrates a dynamic analysis process that supports a sound point of view and executing on it ­ instead of simply wishing the market will rebound or using basic "look back" techniques to evaluate the current price. This process is a competitive advantage in both good times and bad. EWC has developed and implemented advanced hedging techniques to manage the near-term risks and maintain the future option value of our portfolio. Longer term, as the economic recovery gains traction and power demand increases and more clarity is brought to the market, EWC believes non-utility generators will move back in favor with more of the market. The enactment of new environmental regulations and any federal or state legislation limiting carbon emissions or mandating increased use of less carbon-intensive generation resources would further favor clean nuclear generation. The option value of EWC's assets is potentially substantial in the long term and we are committed to realizing that value for our shareholders.

Advocating for Action on Climate Risks and Adaptation
I have no doubt that if Entergy Corporation faced a risk that presented enormous potential downsides such as having a large fleet of greenhouse gas-emitting power plants, our board of directors and leadership team would act immediately to revise our strategy or business plan. Yet because climate change is a global issue and no one leader or entity bears full responsibility, meaningful action or personal accountability is in short supply. It's just too easy to pass it on to the next management team or next generation. In our mind, that is irresponsible on many fronts, but none more so than in risk management. Good risk management beats wishful thinking or living in denial almost every time. While sometimes people and businesses do just get lucky, I wouldn't intentionally bet the company "wishing" for that in this business any more than I would bet my children's health or lives.

6

E N T E R G Y C O R P O R AT I O N A N D S U B S I D I A R I E S 2 0 1 0

PROGRE SS TOWARD

ASPIRATIONS
In our 2006 annual report we presented our annual aspirations for 2006 through 2010. Summarized below is our performance in 2010 against key measures in each aspiration.
A S P I R AT I O N S PROGRESS IN 2010

OUR

We aspire to continually deliver top-quartile total shareholder returns.

Over the past 12-year period ending Dec. 31, 2010, Entergy delivered top-quartile total shareholder return of 240.9 percent. In 2010, our total shareholder return was (9.7) percent, ranking in the bottom quartile of our peer group. Going forward, we're focused on accumulating cash to fund opportunistic investments consistent with our points of view. Through these efforts, we plan to leverage our proven ability to create value through effective portfolio management, which we believe when combined with operational excellence in day-to-day initiatives, can over time improve our returns to top quartile. In 2010, the utility operating companies improved their customer service performance as measured by outage frequency, outage duration and regulatory outage complaints. Also in 2010, we completed our second voluntary five-year commitment to stabilize our CO2 emissions with actual emissions that were more than 3 percent better than our cumulative five-year emissions target of 20 percent below year 2000 levels. We created a non-utility generation organization in 2010 called Entergy Wholesale Commodities, which brings greater commercial, risk management and regulatory focus to all of our non-utility businesses. In 2010, EWC continued efforts toward obtaining 20-year license renewals at Indian Point, Pilgrim and Vermont Yankee. Also in 2010, our non-utility nuclear operations set new records as measured by outage performance and continuous runs. In the near term, EWC is currently among the best-positioned non-utility generators providing certainty in a bearish environment, having executed significant hedging for 2011 and 2012 based on our point of view for those periods. Over the longer term, EWC is focused on capturing the potential upside for the business from the positive effects of ongoing economic growth and new environmental regulation. In 2010, we raised $2.3 million in bill payment assistance funds from our customers, employees and shareholders. We aggressively advocated for increased funding of the federal Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program. In 2010, Entergy and the Entergy Charitable Foundation gave $16.3 million in grants, many of which fund programs to help break the cycle of poverty.

We aspire to provide clean, reliable and affordable power in our utility business.

We aspire to operate safe, secure and vital nuclear resources in an environment that is expected to grow over the long term and be carbonconstrained.

We aspire to break the cycle of poverty and contribute to a society that is healthy, educated and productive.

However, regardless of the risks of climate change, the U.S. Gulf Coast faces increased risks from natural hazards. There is no question we are suffering from this today. Along the Gulf Coast, safety, prosperity and the vibrant quality of life are not just at risk, but also in some cases, already diminished or disappearing. All three are critical attributes needed to raise our families and sustain our communities. In Louisiana alone, we lose 25 to 35 square miles of coastal wetlands a year through subsidence, sea level rise and erosion. The livelihoods of 12 million people that live near the coast, the sustainability of rich natural resources that support $634 billion in annual GDP and the security of residential, commercial and industrial assets valued at more than $2 trillion are increasingly vulnerable to storm surge, flooding and wind damage. Recent storms like hurricanes Katrina, Rita, Gustav and Ike provide a glimpse of what the future could bring if we don't plan for and invest in building more resilient, sustainable communities. They also provide an important lesson demonstrating how the poorest among us, with the fewest adaptation options, are disproportionately impacted by these risks. At Entergy, we continue to advocate for action. In 2010, we funded with the America's WETLAND Foundation a study that shows communities along the Gulf Coast could suffer nearly $700 billion in economic losses over the next 20 years, applying the multiplier effect, due to growing environmental risks. It is a call to arms for all policymakers and includes cost-effective steps that can be taken now to build a more resilient Gulf Coast. Entergy leaders participated in the DELTAS2010 Conference in October 2010 ­ along with legislative leaders from Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi and Alabama ­ where the landmark study we funded was presented. We participated and led discussions on how the region can build resiliency following major disasters. Entergy and America's WETLAND Foundation will take the study in 2011 and 2012 to communities along the Gulf Coast to inform local officials and other stakeholders and to help them plan for building more resilient communities. In the near term, we have attractive, cost-effective actions that can increase resiliency, assist the growth of our economy and restore our environment. Examples include improved building codes, wetland restoration and stronger levee systems. The Gulf Coast study has identified $49 billion in investments over the next 20 years that will cost-effectively avert $137 billion in losses over the lifetime of the measures. However, it will take bold vision, leadership and significant engagement with many stakeholders to recognize the opportunities, eliminate the barriers and implement a resilient path forward for our communities.

To succeed it will be important to recognize the human dimensions of climate adaptation. Effective adaptation must be built on efforts to support individuals, households and businesses. We must recognize the importance ecosystem services from coastal wetlands play in our cultural and economic well-being and integrate restoration into our resilience plans. Lastly, we cannot forget the implications of climate on the lowincome or unemployable. Warmer summer days, colder winter nights, floods and droughts have greater impact on individuals and families that lack the capacity to adapt. We must reach out and help those that are most vulnerable become more resilient while at the same time helping them break the cycle of poverty. Why Entergy? If not us, who? While we cannot do it alone, who will try harder or care more about the people and the area we serve? Standing on the sideline as the largest company in Louisiana is not an option. We also continue to advocate on a federal level for an effective energy policy that addresses the risks posed by climate change. Unfortunately, U.S. capand-trade legislation appears at a stalemate. There are other options. We believe Congress should (at a minimum) pursue a clean energy standard that includes nuclear, clean coal and natural gas generation as well as renewables. This is a much more balanced, practical and effective approach than a restrictive, expensive renewable energy standard that focuses solely on wind, solar, biomass and other heavily subsidized renewables. As previously mentioned, even as we continue to advocate for climate change policies at federal, state and local levels, Entergy is pursuing efforts to stabilize and reduce CO2 emissions from its own operations. In 2010, we completed our second voluntary commitment to stabilize CO2 emissions from 2006 to 2010 at 20 percent below 2000 levels. Emissions for 2006 to 2010 were more than 3 percent below our cumulative goal for the five-year period.

Words to Live By
Aesop, who lived in Greece more than 2,000 years ago, is credited with writing the first fables. The universal truths he expressed remain words to live by. That fact is reinforced almost every day as the world evolves and life offers new experiences. Depending on our actions, we can always go back and find a fable that offers a practical truth that either saved us or cost us. The experiences may vary, but the common sense wisdom remains the same. In much the same way, even as Entergy continues to learn, evolve and adapt to changing market conditions, we never forget the lessons of the past. We move forward, adhering to the discipline of our dynamic, point-of-viewdriven business model and a sound set of non-negotiable

8

E N T E R G Y C O R P O R AT I O N A N D S U B S I D I A R I E S 2 0 1 0

James R. Nichols

W. Frank Blount

Blanche Lambert Lincoln

In 2011, James Nichols and Frank Blount reached mandatory retirement age from our board of directors; Mr. Nichols after serving 24 years and Mr. Blount after 23 years of service. Their contributions and guidance have been invaluable. Also in 2011, former U.S. Sen. Blanche Lambert Lincoln was elected to our board of directors. As one of the most respected members of Congress, her advice and counsel will be extremely beneficial to the board, Entergy and its stakeholders.

values and principles. Thanks to the hard work of our dedicated employees and the commitment of our board of directors and leadership team, this approach has worked for our stakeholders. Every company has its ups and downs. The key is not to take the "ups" for granted and become complacent and not to let the "downs" get you "down", to give in or give up, or simply take the path of least resistance. I assure you that is not the company's culture and not something your board of directors would ever tolerate. In 2011, James Nichols and Frank Blount reached mandatory retirement age from Entergy's board of directors; Mr. Nichols after serving 24 years, and Mr. Blount after 23 years of service. They leave the company in a very different financial and operational state than when they arrived. Their contributions and guidance have been invaluable to righting the ship and navigating the rough seas we have encountered over the years. In January 2011, former U.S. Sen. Blanche Lambert Lincoln was elected to our board of directors. As one of the most respected members of Congress, her advice and counsel will be extremely beneficial to the board, Entergy and its stakeholders. We are very proud that Sen. Lincoln has chosen to serve beside a very talented and dedicated board of directors at Entergy. We look forward to the years ahead. The last couple of years of falling commodity prices, uncertainty around license renewal at our non-utility nuclear plants and our failure to achieve the spin-off of our non-utility nuclear business have left scars that will not heal until we have reversed the damages from these events and achieved success in these and other areas. We are better than the total shareholder return ranking this year shows. I believe Entergy has the capabilities, financial strength and resilient spirit to deliver the value that our stakeholders expect and deserve. But, "if wishes were horses, beggars would ride." We have our work cut out for us. It seems clear enough what we need to do. J. Wayne Leonard You can trust we are getting after it every day. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

9

