To Our Shareholders

In 2010 we witnessed the beginnings of an economic recovery, but electricity demand remained flat and delivered another strong year, with operating electricity prices remained low. Nonetheless, Exelon earnings of $2.7 billion. We are acting to protect

and grow our future upside, and we are committed to enhancing your investment in difficult economic times as well as in the better ones that will follow.

JohnW. Rowe Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

2

3

FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

The Exelon team performed superbly despite the unfavorable market conditions that existed in 2010. Our GAAP earnings were $3.87 per diluted share, compared to $4.09 in 2009. On an adjusted (non-GAAP) basis, our operating earnings were $4.06 per diluted share, handily beating our original expectations, but lower than the $4.12 per diluted share that we earned in 2009. The difference was largely due to lower market prices for electricity, caused by low natural gas prices and reduced demand, and higher nuclear fuel costs. Those negative factors were offset to a large extent by increases in the capacity revenues we earned on our generating units as part of PJM.

" We delivered the highest average operating net income in the industry over the past three years and, as of the end of 2010, offered a 5 percent dividend yield."

However, Exelon's share price on Dec. 31, 2010, was $41.64, down 14.8 percent from the year-end 2009 price of $48.87. Our stock performance frustrates me as much as it does you. Exelon's stock price is correlated to the forward prices of natural gas. Spot gas prices have dropped 70 percent, and forward prices 50 percent, since their peak in mid-2008. These natural gas prices along with electricity demand are the principal drivers of the wholesale market price of electricity, which in turn drives the earnings of our largest subsidiary, Exelon Generation. Demand for electricity is returning very slowly to pre-recession levels. Despite these market conditions, we delivered the highest average operating net income in the industry over the past three years and, as of the end of 2010, offered a 5 percent dividend yield, better than the 4.5 percent and 4.7 percent averages offered by our competitive integrated and regulated peers respectively. We retain more upside than either group from an increase in natural gas or power prices and the coming economic recovery. Since the merger that created Exelon, our total return ­ measured as stock price appreciation plus reinvested dividends ­ has been 97.5 percent. This compares to total returns of 73.1 percent and 9 percent for the Philadelphia Utility Index and S&P 500 respectively.

4

OPERATING PERFORMANCE

Our nuclear fleet continued to run at world-class levels with a capacity factor of 93.9 percent, the eighth consecutive year of capacity factors above 93 percent. The work and management focus that goes into delivering these consistent results is a clear competitive advantage for Exelon. At Exelon Power, the commercial availability of our fossil units was 95.3 percent and the hydro facilities performed at an equivalent availability factor of 96.8 percent for the year. Power Team's financial results beat our expectations even with power prices in PJM down approximately 30 percent from 2008 levels. Our hedging program has again proven successful by allowing us to secure our earnings and cash flow and protect our investment-grade credit ratings. We realized average margins at Exelon Generation of $37.62 per megawatt-hour in 2010 despite lower power prices. Our hedges contributed to the $5.24 billion we generated in cash from operations across the businesses in 2010, and helped us to return $1.4 billion to our shareholders through dividends.

In the face of challenging weather, both ComEd and PECO kept the lights on and the gas flowing. In addition to high temperatures in the summer, ComEd faced 25 storms in 2010, including a storm on June 5 that produced seven tornadoes. ComEd's storm recovery team performed exceptionally well, restoring power to more than 1 million customers interrupted due to storms throughout June, with 90 percent of those customers restored within 24 hours of losing power. The weather was no better in Philadelphia: PECO successfully managed a highly volatile summer with extreme heat, damaging storms and high winds, including one storm that left more than 337,000 customers without power. We thank the management teams of both companies and their dedicated employees for these efforts.

" Our nuclear fleet continued to run at world-class levels with a capacity factor of 93.9 percent, the eighth consecutive year of capacity factors above 93 percent. The work and management focus that goes into delivering these consistent results is a clear competitive advantage for Exelon."

5

Chris Crane continues to lead Exelon's ongoing commitment to cost management, which kept our operating and maintenance expenses below 2008 levels. The Finance group took steps to increase our financial flexibility: early in 2011, we made a $2.1 billion contribution to the Exelon pension plans. This strengthens our balance sheet, improves our cash flow and reduces the size of future pension fund contributions. In addition, the Finance team closed a $1 billion credit facility for ComEd ­ the first of its size in the industry since the credit crisis ­ and executed $94 million in new credit agreements with minority and community banks that increased the company's business with local and diverse banks in our key markets. Exelon Business Services Company continued to provide best-in-class professional services, including legal, information technology, supply and human resources, adding great value to Exelon's operating companies.
SMART INVESTMENT FOR THE FUTURE

In 2010, we continued to execute our multi-year nuclear uprate strategy, expanding the capacity of the fleet by 59 megawatts by making improvements at our Clinton, Dresden, LaSalle and Quad Cities stations. We have added a total of 101 megawatts since 2009. When this initiative is complete, we expect to have added as much as 1,500 megawatts of new generation, the equivalent of a new reactor at a much lower cost. In December, we completed the acquisition of John Deere Renewables ­ now Exelon Wind ­ adding 735 megawatts of clean generation to our fleet. Since the value is largely backed by sales contracts, this deal meets our dual objectives of securing a strategic position in the renewables business and enhancing shareholder value by investing in a disciplined manner. We also took steps to capture value from the transmission system and prepare it for a clean energy future. ComEd is moving forward with transmission upgrades in the City of Chicago, which we expect to complete in 2011. Exelon Generation is taking steps to limit congestion around our units through projects like the transformer replacement at Clinton. And we are working with American Electric Power and Electric Transmission America, a joint venture of American Electric Power and MidAmerican Energy Holdings Company, for high-voltage transmission development across the Midwest to move renewable energy to where it is needed most.

Roughly two-thirds of our business is commodity price-driven; the rest is regulated transmission and distribution. Because of that makeup, our business is part of a commodity cycle. While we are suffering through a period of depressed energy prices, no company in this industry is better able to benefit from the drive for clean energy and its eventual upside. As we wait for better prices, we work tirelessly to sustain our earnings and make smart investments in our companies.

6

" No company in this industry is better able to benefit from the drive for clean energy and its eventual upside. As we wait for better prices, we work tirelessly to sustain our earnings and make smart investments in our companies."
These investments position us favorably even without the climate legislation for which we advocated. The Environmental Protection Agency is working to issue rules under its existing statutory and court-ordered obligations under the Clean Air Act. These rules address criteria and hazardous pollutants such as sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxide, mercury, hydrochloric acid, arsenic and other harmful gases. Exelon believes that these rules will enable the transition to a clean energy future without sacrificing the reliability of the electric power grid. Exelon 2020, which is available on our website, serves as our resource plan, as a guide to our investment decisions and as a framework for our public policy advocacy. It tells us which actions provide our customers with reliable, clean energy at the lowest cost while also delivering the highest returns for our shareholders. It tells us which investments are economic and which investments

are most costly. The Exelon 2020 business strategy cements Exelon's value as the premier low-emission company in the U.S. utility industry. In sum, Exelon produced strong financial results for its shareholders in 2010 despite the challenges of the slow economic recovery and poor electricity market conditions. We served our customers and communities well. Exelon remains directed toward long-term success with our upside from economic and power market recovery, our continued healthy dividend yield and our strong balance sheet. These factors, along with our disciplined financial management and persistent hunt for investments, ensure that our company will provide enhanced value over the long-term.

JohnW. Rowe
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Exelon Corporation March 7, 2011

7

