2

Letter to Shareholders

This past year, we have been engaged in an ongoing, across-the-board effort to energize our workforce; centralize key functions; optimize the work we do and the way we do it; emphasize our basic commitments to our customers, our employees and the communities we serve; and ultimately maximize our competitive position and shareholder value.

3

to our shareholders
2003 marked my sixth year at Exelon, and my 20th year as a CEO in the electric utility industry. Much has changed since I was given the opportunity to lead Central Maine Power Company back in 1984. The industry has gone through profound regulatory and financial turmoil, beginning with PURPA (Public Utility Regulatory Policy Act) and integrated resource management, progressing through wholesale and retail competition, the California energy crisis, the Enron debacle, the telecom and merchant generation bubbles, the collapse of wholesale energy trading and, most recently the August 14, 2003 blackout. By any measure, these have been challenging times for our industry and its investors. I am proud to say that the companies that I have led have adapted to these changes, improved service and increased shareholder value. Despite all this turmoil, even chaos, recent experience only confirms that this is a business about real service, with real assets and real customers. The old-fashioned virtues of reliability, safety, integrity, operating know-how and cost containment are even more important today than when I first joined Central Maine, or even back when the first Edison companies were created. At Exelon, we have done well because we have adapted to the dramatic changes around us, and more fundamentally because we have never lost sight of the basics. Consistent with our corporate Vision Statement, which we first introduced in 2002 and discussed at length in these pages last year, we have challenged ourselves to live up to our reliability and safety commitments while relentlessly pursuing greater productivity, quality and innovation. We seek to build exceptional value by becoming the best and most consistently profitable electricity and gas company in the United States. We do not claim to have achieved this goal; we will not waiver in this effort.

succeeding in challenging times
2003 has been a year of significant operating accomplishments, and painful investment write-offs. I am delighted to report that 2003 adjusted (non-GAAP) operating earnings were $5.22 per share, eight percent above 2002 adjusted (non-GAAP) operating earnings.* As a result, on January 27, 2004, the Exelon Board of Directors approved a further 10 percent increase in the quarterly dividend rate, from 50 cents per share to 55 cents per share. All told, we have increased our dividend rate by 20 percent over the past 12 months, and by 30 percent since Exelon was created. The Board also approved a 2-for-1 stock split contingent upon required regulatory approvals and the filing of an amendment to our articles of incorporation. Both the increased dividend level and the proposed stock split should make our shares more attractive to retail investors.

* For a reconciliation of adjusted (non-GAAP) operating earnings to GAAP (accounting principles generally accepted in the United States) earnings, see Exelon's fourth quarter earnings release, issued January 28, 2004, posted on the Investor Relations page at www.exeloncorp.com and included in the 8-K filed with the SEC on that date.

4

Letter to Shareholders

Full year 2003 earnings prepared in accordance with GAAP were $905 million, or $2.75 per diluted share. Our consolidated GAAP earnings reflect several unusual events, including a $573 million, or $1.74 per share, after-tax charge for the impairment of the Boston Generating assets; a $180 million, or $0.55 per share, after-tax charge related to Exelon's investment in Sithe; and a $159 million, or $0.49 per share, after-tax severance and severance-related charge associated with The Exelon Way. While we are most disappointed by the write-offs, and accept responsibility for investments that have not succeeded, the market is judging us on our overall performance in the context of the industry as a whole. All of our competitors faced the same challenges that we faced, and many of these companies are now half the size they were in 2000, or gone completely. From the date of the Unicom/PECO merger in October of 2000 through the end of 2003, Exelon's stock price was up more than 11 percent. Both the Philadelphia Utility Index (UTY) and the S&P Electrics were down more than 15 percent, and the S&P 500 was down more than 20 percent. Exelon outperformed the UTY by more than 25 percent and the S&P 500 by more than 30 percent. As a consequence, Exelon's overall market capitalization has continued to rise over the past six years. When Oliver Kingsley and I first came to Unicom, the combined market cap of Unicom and PECO was approximately $12.1 billion. At the end of 2003, the market cap of Exelon was $21.8 billion, an 80 percent increase or $9.7 billion of value creation. Today, Exelon enjoys one of the two largest market capitalizations in the industry. We have also reduced our debt-to-capital ratio and increased our cash flow. We are a financially strong company with the resources and the will to confront future challenges.

Our success is the culmination of the work of many people. ­ Exelon Generation has completed its first full year as an integrated organization with Ian McLean and John Young in key leadership roles. Annual net generation increased to 142,000 gigawatt-hours, and revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense increased $410 million from 2002 to 2003. ­ Jack Skolds, Chris Crane and their team worked to bring all-in nuclear costs to an all time low, 1.97 cents per kilowatthour, consistent with first quartile industry performance. ­ Exelon Energy Delivery, under Frank Clark and Denis O'Brien, made substantial progress in reducing layers of management and consolidating operations. ­ Barry Mitchell and his treasury team made further progress reducing our cost of debt. Since 2000, we have retired $1.9 billion in transition debt and retired or refinanced $5.0 billion of other debt, thereby reducing annualized interest expense by about $219 million. ­ In our Business Services Company, Ruth Ann Gillis and her IT and Supply Chain teams have completed multiple initiatives to increase efficiency and reduce costs.

5

the exelon way
In January of 2003, we initiated The Exelon Way, an aggressive and comprehensive company-wide effort to reexamine and ultimately transform the way we do business. This past year, we have been engaged in this ongoing, across-the-board effort to energize our workforce; centralize key functions; optimize the work we do and the way we do it; emphasize our basic commitments to our customers, our employees and the communities we serve; and ultimately maximize our competitive position and shareholder value. We are creating a unified, high-performance organization, building on a culture of excellence that will enable us to realize more than $1 billion in cash flow enhancements over the next three years. To lead this effort, and oversee all of our operations, in April the Board accepted my recommendation to promote Oliver Kingsley to a newly created position as president and chief operating officer. We are already seeing tangible results from the work that Oliver and The Exelon Way team have undertaken. Gary Snodgrass and his HR team worked tirelessly to optimize our workforce and assure that we have the right people in the right places. By the end of the third quarter, we had completed initial benchmarking, begun restructuring and centralization, and were well on the way to real savings across our entire business. By year-end, we actually realized $170 million in savings over program baseline in reduced operations and maintenance, and capital expenditures ­ savings that weren't anticipated until 2004. In short, The Exelon Way is about being the best at everything we do. Our goal is to continuously improve overall productivity and reduce costs, while maintaining our primary focus on customer service, reliability and safety.

leading the way forward
The Exelon Way is not an end unto itself. Our Vision Statement speaks to more than operational prowess. It urges us to confront the future, to adapt to rapid changes in markets, politics, economics and technology, and to promote and implement policies that build effective markets. Living up to this ambition is an enormous challenge, given the legislative and regulatory uncertainty that the industry now faces. We operate today in a strange mixture of competition and regulation that leaves unanswered where markets begin and end, and where regulatory policy transcends markets. Resolving this dilemma may ultimately prove more challenging than achieving top quartile operating performance. Exelon remains committed to deep, liquid, competitive wholesale markets. Under the leadership of Betsy Moler, our Executive Vice President of Government Affairs, Exelon has worked tirelessly to promote wholesale competition both before Congress and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC). Among our more challenging undertakings has been a vigorous effort to bring ComEd within PJM. PJM is clearly the nation's preeminent regional transmission organization, the leader in wholesale market development. Through the efforts of our PJM team, the PJM Board voted to admit ComEd effective March 1, 2004. We are presently seeking FERC approval, over the strenuous objection of a host of competing interests.

6

Letter to Shareholders

Exelon also believes that our energy delivery companies, ComEd and PECO, must be ready, willing and able to meet the needs of all of our customers, whether they require only delivery service, or whether, like most small customers, they require delivery service and a great deal more. In reality, our residential customers demand a sophisticated "basic service" product, one uniquely suited to the traditional utility. These customers are not an afterthought; they form the very core of our business, and our commitments. We are engaged in a vigorous public debate in both Illinois and Pennsylvania about how best to meet the needs of these customers. We are actively pursuing a variety of solutions that work for both customers and shareholders. The outcome must ensure the right of individual customers to choose competitive suppliers, while preserving the right of other customers to choose to remain with their traditional utility provider. Success, as always, depends upon aligning the interests of customers and investors. The utility of the future will also face ever-increasing environmental challenges. Lately, I have been working with the National Commission on Energy Policy in an effort to strike a realistic balance between environmental and energy policy. The day may soon come when policy makers will conclude that climate change is a real threat, and it is imperative that we act now to ensure that lower carbon alternative fuels, including natural gas, nuclear, and sustainable renewables, are available to meet the future energy needs of our economy.

the vision remains, but the goals evolve
In 2003, we amended one of the three Strategic Goals included in our original Vision Statement. Rather than Invest in Our Consolidating Industry, the third Strategic Goal is now Build Value Through Disciplined Financial Management. The overall Vision remains the same ­ we just intend to get there in a more deliberate fashion. Throughout 2003, we have shown that discipline. We have continued our orderly sale and transition out of various Exelon Enterprises ventures, including the recent sale of InfraSource, the result of a long effort by George Gilmore and Pam Strobel. In July, we announced our intention to transition out of the ownership of the Boston Generating facilities. Our internal financial analysis clearly showed that we would be obliged to make significant equity infusions to preserve the projects with little prospect for adequate return. Randy Mehrberg and Bob Shapard have led the effort to disengage from these investments.

7

In contrast, in early October we announced our decision to acquire British Energy's 50 percent interest in AmerGen Energy Company, LLC, thereby giving us sole ownership of AmerGen and its three nuclear units. Unlike the situation in New England, the AmerGen acquisition involved plants with operating histories well known to us, plants located in and around our retail service territories. I am pleased to report that the AmerGen acquisition has proven immediately accretive to earnings. Late in the year, we also attempted to acquire Illinois Power. Although IP was an attractive merger partner because of its proximity and the opportunity for synergies, the proposed transaction was expressly conditioned upon provisions that would ensure sufficient revenue. When those conditions were not met, we decided not to proceed with the transaction. It was a painful decision, but one that I am confident was right. At Exelon, we continue to concentrate on what we do well, which when you think about it, is quite a lot. Every day, we strive to perfect the fundamentals of running a truly national utility business ­ one that extends across many states and includes the operation of 17 nuclear reactors at 10 stations, 5.1 million retail electric customer accounts serving a population of 12 million, 460,000 gas customer accounts serving a population of 2 million, 6,700 circuit miles of transmission, 96,200 circuit miles of electric distribution, and 11,600 gas pipeline miles. We are determined to be a first quartile performance leader in every aspect of this business, and through The Exelon Way, we are making steady progress.

In the end, we will remain Exelon, one company, one vision, striving to deliver extraordinary service to our customers and extraordinary value to our shareholders. Our customers, and you our shareholders, deserve no less.

John W. Rowe
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 1, 2004

