To our shareholders Exelon continued to build its financial record in 2004. Thanks to operating improvements, load growth, and higher wholesale prices, 2004 adjusted (non-GAAP) operating earnings were $1,859 million, or $2.78 per diluted share. This constitutes an increase of 6.5 percent over comparable per share earnings in 2003.* In the four years of its existence, Exelon's operating earnings have grown by an average of 7.8 percent per year. I am especially pleased that our 2004 GAAP earnings were also $2.78 per diluted share, an increase of more than 100 percent over 2003 GAAP earnings. Our consolidated GAAP earnings reflect several events, including earnings from investments in synthetic fuel-producing facilities, losses associated with debt retirements, severance and severance-related charges, accounting changes, charges associated with our investments in Boston Generating and Sithe, and costs associated with the proposed merger with PSEG. In 2004, we had none of the large write-offs that marred 2003 performance.

*For a reconciliation of adjusted (non GAAP) operating earnings to GAAP (accounting principles generally accepted in the United States) earnings, see Exelon's fourth quarter earnings release, issued January 25, 2005, posted on the Investor Relations page at www.exeloncorp.com and included in the 8-K filed with the SEC on that date.

3

This financial performance has made Exelon the most highly valued utility in the nation, with a year-end capitalization of $29.3 billion, and has rewarded you, our shareholders, with one of the best overall returns in the industry. Adjusted for the 2-for-1 stock split completed in May, our overall stock price rose by 33 percent over the course of the year, from $33.18 on December 31, 2003 to $44.07 on December 31, 2004. Exelon's total return for 2004, measured by stock appreciation and assuming dividends are reinvested, exceeded 37 percent. In contrast, the 2004 total return of the companies that comprise the Philadelphia Utility Index was 26 percent, the total return of the S&P Electrics was 24 percent and the total return of the S&P 500 was 11 percent. More significantly, from the completion of the Unicom/PECO merger in October 2000 to the end of 2004, Exelon's total return has exceeded 70 percent. In contrast, the total average return for a comparable investment in companies included in the Philadelphia Utility Index would have been 21 percent, and for the S&P 500 would have been a loss of 7 percent.

We are not there yet. But we make progress every day. And I will not rest until it is so.

The Exelon Board of Directors raised the dividend rate on three separate occasions last year. In January, we raised the annual dividend rate from $1.00 to $1.10, a 10 percent increase. In July, the Board again voted to increase the dividend, this time by 12 cents annually to $1.22 per share. The Board also approved a policy targeting dividend payout at 50 to 60 percent of ongoing earnings. In October, with increasing confidence in earnings and cash flow improvements, the Board raised the annual rate yet again to $1.60 per share, an increase of 31 percent. Exelon now has a fully competitive dividend. Our performance demonstrates that we are realizing the promise of the PECO/Unicom merger. In the early 1990s, both PECO and ComEd were highcost, urban utilities with histories of expensive nuclear plants and troubled nuclear operations. Today, as Exelon affiliates, they are part of one of the most successful utilities in the country, with a solidly performing nuclear fleet that is the largest in the country, a dramatically strengthened balance sheet, and rates that have moderated. Improved nuclear operations are now holding wholesale rates lower than they otherwise would be in both ComEd and PECO's territories. Our performance likewise sets our expectation for the promise that can be realized from our recently announced merger with Public Service Enterprise Group. PSEG is a natural partner for Exelon. The two companies enjoy complimentary assets, geography and strategies, and already have a history of partnership. When finally approved by a long list of federal and state agencies, the merger will create the nation's largest utility holding company, with more than $70 billion in total assets, and serving more than 7 million electric customers and 2 million gas customers in three major metropolitan areas. More importantly, it will result in a stronger company, one built on Exelon's nuclear prowess and strong balance sheet, and PSEG's expertise in distribution operations and experience with retail auctions.

4

For the very first time, we will create an integrated U.S. electric system with the scope and scale of European and Japanese companies ­ a company that can successfully compete in the emerging national market. The key to our success ­ past, present and future ­ is our total commitment to the Exelon Vision Statement, and our unrelenting effort to implement it. Exelon can only provide reliable service to our customers, exceptional value to you, our shareholders, and become the best and most consistently profitable electric and gas company in the nation, if we live up to our commitments, perform at world-class levels and continue to build value through disciplined financial management. We are not there yet. But we make progress every day. And I will not rest until it is so.

unrelenting effort We are a low-cost wholesale provider in a growing and increasingly competitive wholesale market. You are all familiar with the remarkable job that our nuclear team ­ management and employees ­ have done in reviving our nuclear program. The average annual nuclear capacity factor has increased from 47 percent at ComEd in 1997 to 93+ percent for the entire fleet in 2004. Nuclear production costs have decreased from $26.80/MWh at ComEd in 1997 to $12.43/MWh fleet-wide in 2004. Under John Young and Chris Crane's careful leadership, our nuclear capacity factor during the critical summer months actually exceeded 97 percent, while our non-nuclear generating facilities reached record levels of commercial availability. We have succeeded despite volatile wholesale markets. Under Ian McLean's watchful eye, we made money when markets were down, and we are making more money now that the markets are recovering. Given our strength as a lowcost generator, we are able to optimize the financial value of the commodity we generate by actively managing our exposure to economic and commodity price cycles. Our record has been one of solid risk management, commercial responsiveness and the successful matching of physical assets to load. We have successfully cut costs across our entire business. The Exelon Way, our ongoing effort to simultaneously improve performance and wring out unnecessary operation and maintenance, and capital expense across our entire business, met our announced goal of $300 million of total program, after-tax cash savings during 2004. Jack Skolds, Frank Clark, Denis O'Brien and Ruth Ann Gillis have been engaged in an all-out effort to bring The Exelon Way to our energy delivery business by adapting and applying the nuclear management model to the wires business by the end of this year. We are focused on the fundamentals of productivity improvement, cost management and operational excellence. Similarly, Pam Strobel and her team have captured significant savings in Business Services through aggressive management of IT and the Supply Chain.

5

We have steadily improved our balance sheet. Bob Shapard and Barry Mitchell have overseen the retirement of over $1.2 billion of long-term debt and preferred stock in 2004, as well as over $700 million in transition debt. We also made substantial progress in efforts to strengthen ComEd's balance sheet. As a consequence, debt as a percentage of total capitalization continues to decrease, interest coverage continues to strengthen, cash flow continues to improve and shareholders' equity increased by over $900 million in 2004. We also have liquidated most of our unprofitable business ventures. Thanks to the efforts of George Gilmore and his team, we completed the sale of substantially all remaining Enterprises businesses. Moreover, we completed the sale of Boston Generating back to its lenders, which eliminated approximately $1.0 billion of outstanding debt from our balance sheet, and completed the sale of most of the remaining Sithe assets to Dynegy at the end of January 2005.

We do not foresee a clean, or simple future. But we would not trade our platform with any other utility.

And finally, we are determined to more effectively engage our employees in this ongoing effort to make Exelon the best electricity and gas company in the country. We recognize that our efforts to improve productivity and financial performance have placed great demands upon our workforce. We do understand the stress caused by doing more with less. Our employees participate in a generous compensation system, one that includes annual bonuses tied to earnings and operating performance. They also enjoy one of the most competitive benefit programs in the nation, including pension plans that are being greatly strengthened by almost $2.0 billion in contributions made possible by our improved financial condition. But if we are to enlist their active participation, we must also offer them greater consideration, and more consistent respect, even as we seek to change the work culture. Gary Snodgrass and his HR team are constantly looking for ways to improve employee engagement, to give our employees not only a stake, but even more important a sense of pride, in all that we have accomplished.

making competition work We remain deeply committed to competitive wholesale markets. Thanks to the tireless efforts of Betsy Moler and her team, ComEd has now successfully joined PECO in PJM, the foremost regional transmission organization in the country. Every month, PJM member companies do in excess of 1 million wholesale transactions, making PJM the largest market of its kind in the world. Joining PJM has dramatically enhanced competitive opportunities for our midwestern generation resources, deepening our trading opportunities and increasing our control over production costs. Our PJM membership also has facilitated the development of an effective procurement strategy for our Illinois residential customers. In 2003, Exelon attempted to extend Exelon Generation's role as the sole source provider for ComEd's regulated residential customers. That proposal did not succeed, in part, because competitors and consumer advocates wanted to ensure that

6

residential customers received electricity at prices that more directly reflected the wholesale price of power. After an extensive stakeholder process, the Illinois Commerce Commission staff and many stakeholders have now recommended an auction process, similar to that employed in New Jersey, to accomplish that result. Our participation in the larger PJM market makes that auction far more effective for our customers. And we continue our effort to develop an effective environmental strategy. Our nuclear fleet should be seen as a great asset in a time of tightening environmental requirements. While we are the fourth largest generator nationwide, among our peer group we rank dead last in total CO 2 emissions, dead last in total NO X emissions, and next to last in SO 2 emissions. The significance of our low emissions profile can only grow as policy makers worldwide take action to address clean air and global climate issues. Yet because of the government's continuing delays in resolving the high-level waste issue, nuclear is too often discounted as a future generation source. I am pleased to report that the National Commission on Energy Policy, which I co-chaired, recognized the important role that nuclear can play in addressing both future energy and environmental needs in its recently published report "Ending the Energy Stalemate: A Bipartisan Strategy to Meet America's Energy Challenges."

leading the way As we look to the future, we know many things. We know that fundamental utility obligations remain imperative ­ this is still a business about providing real service, with real assets, to real customers. We know that maintaining our position as a low-cost provider will remain critically important. We know that public officials will continue to demand that electricity be supplied with high reliability at an acceptable price. We know that wholesale competition continues to grow, and that the benefits of wholesale competition are becoming more and more evident. And we know that ours is a mature industry, one where growth can best be assured by increased productivity and continued consolidation. There are also many things that we cannot know. There are now three competing models for the industry playing in various regions of the country, and we do not know which, if any, will define retail business in the future. The states in which we do business continue to support wholesale competition and are working constructively to marry wholesale competition with regulated retail service. Other states, however, have retained or are returning to monopolistic franchises, or integrated resource management, where regulators make the initial decision of what the utility should buy. At least for the foreseeable future, the state of competition will vary from state to state and from year to year. We have developed a robust platform for dealing with both the knowns and the unknowns of this business. We have written-off most of the cost of our

7

nuclear fleet, while dramatically improving its performance and reducing its operating costs. We have placed that fleet in a market-based generation company that operates in competitive states. We have sold the ComEd coal fleet, thereby creating a competitive market in Northern Illinois. By joining ComEd with PECO in PJM, we have ensured that both our retail affiliates, and much of our generation business, operate in a common, highly successful competitive market. We are dramatically extending our platform through the recently announced PSEG merger. Acquiring PSEG satisfies both our near-term financial criteria and our longer term strategic objectives. Once completed, the merger will afford us greater scope, scale and cost synergies. It will assure greater diversity of regulation and markets. Most importantly, it has the potential to deliver years of continued growth, much as the original PECO/Unicom merger has done. My sincere thanks to Randy Mehrberg and his Exelon team for their efforts in putting this deal together, to Jim Ferland and the PSEG management team for their hard work and courage, and to the Boards of both companies for both their questions and confidence. We do not foresee a clean, or simple future. But we would not trade our platform with any other utility. We are Exelon, one company, with one vision, striving to deliver exceptional service to our customers, and extraordinary value to our shareholders.

John W. Rowe
Chairman, President and CEO Exelon Corporation April 4, 2005

This communication is not a solicitation of a proxy from any security holder of Exelon Corporation or Public Service Enterprise Group Incorporated. Exelon has filed a Registration Statement on Form S-4 with the SEC (Registration No. 333-122704) containing a preliminary joint proxy statement/prospectus regarding the proposed transaction involving Exelon Corporation and Public Service Enterprise Group Incorporated. We urge investors and security holders to read the definitive joint proxy statement/prospectus regarding the proposed transaction and any other relevant documents when they become available, because they will contain important information about Exelon, PSEG and the proposed merger. Investors and security holders will be able to obtain these materials (when they are available) and other documents filed with the SEC free of charge at the SEC's website www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy of the definitive joint proxy statement/prospectus (when it becomes available) may be obtained free of charge from Exelon Shareholder Services, 10 South Dearborn Street, P.O. Box 805398, Chicago, Illinois 60680-5398, or from PSEG, Investor Relations, 80 Park Plaza, P.O. Box 1171, Newark, New Jersey 07101-1171. The respective directors and executive officers of Exelon and PSEG and other persons may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies in respect of the proposed transaction. Information regarding Exelon's and PSEG's directors and executive officers and other participants in the solicitation and a description of their direct and indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, is available in the preliminary joint proxy statement/prospectus contained in the above-referenced Registration Statement on Form S-4.

8

