Exelon 2012 Summary Annual Report

Letter to Our Shareholders

Dear Exelon Shareholders:
The story of Exelon in 2012 is one of success with a gamechanging merger and continued strong generating and utility operations, limited by very difficult and disappointing financial and economic challenges. Our stock price suffered during the year due to those economic conditions, but Exelon continued to deliver value by focusing intently on the operational and financial discipline you have come to expect from your company. We are confident in our strength and value going forward. Merger Close and Integration
The merger of Exelon and Constellation in March 2012 gives us the scale, platform, and markets to effectively capitalize on a market recovery. The merger was transformational, making Exelon the leading competitive energy company in the U.S., operating from a truly national footprint. We have generating assets in 18 states and sell energy products and services in 47 states to more than 1.1 million commercial and residential customers. The merger closed in record time; the integration has been smooth; we have increased our synergies target; and we are on track with all merger commitments to our stakeholders. The Exelon team has followed through on the merger value proposition of matching generation to load; properly balancing assets, markets, and revenue streams; and capitalizing on the scale of our operations. The post-merger Exelon is better positioned to meet our current challenges than either predecessor company on a stand-alone basis.

Mayo A. Shattuck III Chairman, Board of Directors

Christopher M. Crane President and Chief Executive Officer

Operating Performance
Exelon's performance excellence was apparent in our operating achievements in 2012. Exelon Nuclear demonstrated its leadership in the nuclear industry with an overall capacity factor of 92.7 percent, and our large wind, hydro and gas-fired generation facilities all performed above production plan expectations. In the nine months following the merger, Exelon Utilities clearly demonstrated the value proposition of scale, geographic diversity and adoption of best practices across BGE, ComEd and PECO. Our east coast utilities were hit by two storms of epic proportions in 2012, along with other, more typical weather stresses. The aggressive and integrated response to Superstorm Sandy by all three of our utilities is an example of the benefit of our scale and collaboration. Each utility achieved industry best quartile performance in safety and all three companies accomplished their best reliability performance on record, with both ComEd and PECO ranking in the industry's top quartile.

2

Exelon 2012 Summary Annual Report

Letter to Our Shareholders

Each utility achieved industry best quartile performance in safety and all three companies accomplished their best reliability performance on record, with both ComEd and PECO ranking in the industry top quartile.

Financial Performance
Our GAAP earnings were $1.42 per diluted share in 2012, compared to $3.75 in 2011. On an operating (non-GAAP) basis, our earnings were $2.85 per diluted share, compared to $4.16 in 2011. 2012 earnings cannot be directly compared to 2011 earnings due to the addition of Constellation and BGE to Exelon's financial results in March of 2012. However, the overall decrease in non-GAAP operating earnings reflects a year driven by challenging power prices and lower earned ROE at ComEd, only partially offset by post-merger synergies and operational excellence. The decrease in GAAP earnings reflects a number of merger-related charges, including the re-valuation of certain non-cash assets, the sale of Maryland Clean Coal, and recording certain other merger commitments. In addition, the increased number of shares post-merger impacted both GAAP and non-GAAP earnings. We are experiencing the most difficult pricing environment the company has faced since market deregulation in 1997, and our stock price remains correlated to natural gas prices as well as overall economic conditions. Exelon's share price on December 31, 2012, was $29.74, down 31 percent from (pre-merger) Exelon's 2011 year-end share price of $43.37. Both natural gas and power prices are at or near 10-year lows. 2012 day-ahead prices in the Electric Reliability Council of Texas (ERCOT) market dropped 45 percent from 2011, and PJM West prices fell more than 20 percent from the prior year. 2011-12 was the warmest winter on record, and load growth for our utilities remained generally flat due to a slow economic recovery. All of these forces negatively affected our stock price in 2012. We have taken and continue to take action to mitigate the effects of markets and the economy on our financial results. Cost management remains a priority, and our synergies are helping the bottom line, bringing the benefits of the merger into even sharper focus. We have re-ordered capital plans to manage cash and protect our credit metrics, while giving ourselves the flexibility and balance sheet strength to continue to grow. We have substantial upside to an overall economic recovery, and especially to increasing gas and power prices. We believe the fundamentals are in place for a supply-driven recovery as coal plants retire. What we cannot tell you with any precision is when that upside will materialize.

Synergies are helping the bottom line, bringing the benefits of the merger into even sharper focus.

3

Exelon 2012 Summary Annual Report

Letter to Our Shareholders

By demonstrating financial and market discipline, we create efficient capital market access through all economic cycles.

Financial Strategy
Our highest financial priority is maintaining Exelon's investment grade credit rating, which we believe is essential to the viability and value of our commercial and nuclear operations. Our commitment to a strong balance sheet is a constant. By demonstrating financial and market discipline, we create efficient capital market access through all economic cycles. Facing the prospect of long-term low prices, we took a hard look at our financial and growth strategies and market and balance sheet trends and realities. We have been unsentimental in our analysis of our capital investment plans and dividend policy. The outlook for prolonged low prices led us to examine the right dividend policy for Exelon, given the priority of our credit rating and our need to continue to invest for growth. Our decision to revise the dividend policy to be more congruent with our business model, our financial priorities, and our peer group will enable us to provide shareholder value through sustainable dividends and continued earnings growth. Our yield is in line with our peers, but we believe we have the most upside to price recovery. We are committed to return increased value to you, our shareholders, and we will continue to find ways to do that.

Growth Investments
Despite substantial economic headwinds, our growth investments in 2012 have paid off. We added nearly 500 MW of new, clean generating capacity in 2012: 404 MW in new wind power projects, 31 MW in new solar at our Antelope Valley Solar Ranch project, and 63 MW in nuclear power uprates. We will add approximately 200 MW of solar to our generation base in 2013 through continued development at Antelope Valley Solar Ranch. Work continues on license renewal of our valuable nuclear and hydroelectric assets. We have a track record of successful investment throughout the energy value chain in both organic growth and acquisitions. Exelon's value and competitive advantage come from our scope and scale, inextricably aligned with our core strengths of operational excellence and financial discipline. That unique combination of size, discipline and metrics-driven operational focus enables us to view the entire range of investment opportunities and most effectively prioritize the deployment of capital. Investing at the right time in the cycle, acquiring and improving distressed assets via our industry-leading management model, building on our existing platform, or simply finding additional internal efficiencies are key elements of our growth strategy. We do not simply invest in assets; we manage those investments bringing all our focus and experience to bear on harvesting returns. We exercise rigorous discipline in assessing the best way to take advantage of growth opportunities. Our retail operations demonstrate that discipline. Retail growth did not meet our expectations in 2012, in large part because we held to pricing discipline in the face of aggressive bidding by competitors which compressed margins. We think that was the right value move because we expect retail margins to improve as prices and markets rebound, as we continue to sharpen our competitive edge, and as the sector consolidates in the face of challenges.

4

Exelon 2012 Summary Annual Report

Letter to Our Shareholders

Exelon's value and competitive advantage come from our scope and scale, inextricably aligned with our core strengths of operational excellence and financial discipline.

Public Policy Advocacy
Our commitment to competitive markets and to clean energy, articulated and implemented through Exelon 2020, provides a sound basis for our own investments in energy as well as for the formulation of public policy. Over the past year, Exelon has been in the midst of consequential political, policy and regulatory debates at the federal and state levels on issues of critical importance to our communities, our customers, and our shareholders. Properly designed competitive markets ensure cost-effective, reliable power supply and have also demonstrated the ability to clean the generation stack in the most efficient way. We believe in competitive energy markets, and know that our customers are harmed when markets are not allowed to work. To that end, Exelon has been active in promoting wholesale and retail competitive markets. We have opposed legislative proposals that would ask either taxpayers or consumers to subsidize or otherwise give preferential treatment to specific generation providers. We are leading initiatives to examine and educate policy makers on the effects of energy subsidies on markets and customers.

Exelon delivered value in 2012, in the face of a very challenging pricing environment.

Closing
Exelon delivered value in 2012 in the face of a very challenging pricing environment. Those economics remain the principal challenge in 2013. But with a sound financial strategy, a healthy balance sheet, a sustainable dividend, opportunities to grow, and our disciplined decision-making, we have a sound foundation on which to build and move forward. We are grateful for the dedication and strength of Exelon employees and proud of Exelon's commitment to our communities. We are providing better service, cleaner generation, and more market choices to our customers than ever before. We are proud of this company, what it has done, and what it will accomplish going forward.

Mayo A. Shattuck III Chairman

Christopher M. Crane President and Chief Executive Officer

5

