To Our Shareholders

2008 was an extraordinary year. We witnessed tremendous turmoil some of our economy's most venerable financial firms and nearly unscathed, nor did we falter.

in the financial and commodities markets, twin storms that capsized did the same to several companies in our industry. Exelon did not go

JohnW. Rowe Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

2

We remain one of the best run and most profitable companies in our industry. We have the best low-cost, low-carbon generation fleet in the country, which we operate with world-class efficiency. We still enjoy industry-leading scope and scale, a strong balance sheet and outstanding expertise in managing our delivery companies in the United States.
SUSTAINABLE VALUE

many risks. And we adhere to our Vision to be the best group of electric generation and electric and gas

Last year we titled our Annual Report `Sustainable Value,' a play on words reflecting not only our strong and financial performance. While 2008 tested that claim, the year demonstrated yet again that we can deliver sustainable value. Exelon recorded operating (non-GAAP) earnings* of $4.20 per share for the year, comfortably within

environmental performance and low-carbon generating fleet, but also our consistent record of operating

our earnings guidance. While less than the $4.32 per share we delivered in 2007, on average Exelon's operating earnings have grown by more than 10 percent per year since the PECO-Unicom merger in 2000. Our 2008 GAAP earnings were $4.13 per share, up from $4.05 in 2007. Our stock price was not immune to the precipitous decline in the overall market during the final months of 2008. After six consecutive years of increases, our Dec. 31, 2008, closing price of $55.61 reflected nearly a 32 percent decline from the year-end 2007 closing price of $81.64. Our performance

was slightly better than that of the S&P 500, which dropped 38 percent, but slightly worse than that of valued company in the industry. Our year-end market capitalization of $36.6 billion was $10 billion

the Philadelphia Utility Index, which declined 30 percent. Nevertheless, Exelon remains the most highly more than our next largest competitor. Our total return since 2000 remains outstanding; your investment has increased by 139 percent, compared to 47 percent for the Philadelphia Utility Index, and a negative 26 percent for the S&P 500. Make no mistake. We are not pleased with the closing price of our stock in 2008. But we are proud of our long-term performance, and we are determined to build upon that record in the years ahead.

* For a reconciliation of adjusted (non-GAAP) operating earnings to GAAP (accounting principles generally accepted in the United States) see Exelon's fourth quarter earnings release issued Jan. 22, 2009, posted on the investor relations page at www.exeloncorp.com and included in the 8-K filed with the SEC on that date.

3

Our accomplishments, financial and otherwise, continue to be noticed. We were again named one of electric and gas utilities. For the third year, we were named to the Dow Jones Sustainability North

America's "Most Admired Companies" by Fortune magazine, and we moved from second to first among America Index. We were again named by BusinessWeek as one of the "Best Places to Launch a Career." Program of the Year. Highlighting our commitment to diversity, U.S. Black Engineer & Information

Our "Energy for the Community" program was honored by VolunteerMatch as the Corporate Volunteer Technology Magazine named ComEd Chairman and CEO Frank Clark and two other ComEd executives to its annual list of the 100 Most Important Blacks in Technology. And I was personally gratified to be recognized by the Edison Electric Institute with its inaugural Distinguished Leadership Award in recognition of my 25 years as a CEO in this industry.

Our success is attributable to the hard work of and collaboration between the Exelon management team and our employees. Indicative of this collaboration was the five-year agreement we reached with Illinois Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Local 15, our largest union, which was the product of

great effort from John Samolis and our labor relations group. Throughout 2008, our management and

Our Vision remains sound, our company remains rock solid and our commitment to you is unwavering.

employees worked hard and remained focused on our Vision. I applaud their dedication and effort.
SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE

Central to our continuing success is the operating excellence of Exelon Generation. In 2008, our nuclear fleet turned in another outstanding performance despite an increased number of scheduled refueling outages. The fleet, led by Chris Crane and Chip Pardee, had an overall capacity factor of 93.9 percent. This was the sixth straight year our capacity factor exceeded 93 percent. Our fleet completed the summer capacity factor (98.6 percent). Our nuclear operations are truly world-class. summer period with no outages for the first time in the company's history and set a new record for Our fossil and renewable operations, led by Mark Schiavoni and Doyle Beneby, also performed well. While we faced maintenance challenges at Eddystone early in the year, our fossil fleet had the best summer commercial availability factor in five years (94.8 percent). We also commenced operations at the Exelon-Epuron Solar Energy Center, from which we will purchase power for 20 years. The center is the nation's fifth largest solar photovoltaic generation project and the largest on the East Coast. in our generation business.

This agreement and our continued investment in wind reinforce our efforts to become even greener

4

Our power marketing team again made the most of Generation's outstanding performance. The benefit of a hardheaded approach to risk management has never been more evident. Power Team's hedging efforts were instrumental in securing our earnings and cash flow in this most volatile of years. We owe Our delivery companies kept the lights on and the gas flowing. The death of ComEd's Alex Collazo after for our employees and customers. While our outage frequency and customer satisfaction statistics

much to Ian McLean, Ken Cornew, Joe Glace and their experienced team for their conservative stewardship. an underground contact accident reminds us how dangerous this work is and the importance of safety improved, outage duration performance was less impressive, in part because of a difficult summer

storm season. In June, PECO faced several days of extraordinary heat and humidity that resulted in the

fifth highest electric demand in the company's history. This stretch was immediately followed by a violent and the efforts of hundreds of crews, over 82,000 customers were restored within 10 hours. Similarly, in August, ComEd experienced the second largest storm of the past 10 years. High winds, more than 85,000 lightning strikes and numerous tornadoes resulted in 520,000 customers losing power. Yet

storm resulting in outages affecting more than 150,000 customers. Thanks to Denis O'Brien's leadership

despite the severity of the storm, ComEd teams restored 87 percent of customers within 24 hours, and 98 percent within 48 hours. Frank Clark, Barry Mitchell and many dedicated employees who labored around the clock deserve enormous credit.

Our delivery companies also made steady financial progress. PECO secured a fair outcome in its first an annual rate increase of $77 million that will help fund both assistance to low-income consumers

gas delivery rate case since 1988. The Pennsylvania Public Utilities Commission unanimously approved and $280 million of system investments over the next five years. In September, the Illinois Commerce

Commission awarded ComEd a $274 million revenue increase for electric delivery service. The ruling will enable ComEd to continue to underwrite infrastructure improvements and advance efforts to develop Smart Grid technologies. Anne Pramaggiore and her team have begun the long process of restoring ComEd to financial health.

Our finance group, under the leadership of Ian McLean and Matt Hilzinger, again delivered the financial we executed a $500 million share repurchase in accordance with our Value Return policy. We also

discipline you have come to expect. Following on our $1.25 billion share repurchase in February of 2007, increased our dividend to $2.10 annualized, reinforcing our belief in the sustainability of our financial and operating performance. We issued or refinanced more than $2.2 billion of long-term debt at very attractive rates. Our decision in 2006 to secure credit facilities of more than $7 billion proved invaluable in a year marked by record commodity prices and the failures and near-failures of numerous lenders and counterparties.

5

Finally, our Business Services Company continued to provide best-in-class professional services at

exceptional value to Exelon's operating companies. Ruth Ann Gillis and her group deserve great credit for their accomplishments, particularly our initiative to reduce energy consumption by 25 percent committed to improving the environmental performance of electric utility suppliers.
SUSTAINABLE ADVANTAGE

across our facilities and leading the Electric Utility Industry Sustainable Supply Chain Alliance, which is

Despite the challenges of 2008, we made substantial progress in turning our sustainable value into a sustainable advantage. In July, we unveiled Exelon 2020: a low-carbon roadmap. Exelon 2020 is our comprehensive plan to reduce, displace or offset 15 million metric tons of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions ­ an amount greater than our current annual carbon footprint ­ each year by 2020. The principles of the plan are those that I outlined in this space last year: reduce our own GHG emissions,

help our customers reduce their GHG emissions and reduce the overall GHG emissions in the markets nuclear power. But this is not a plan we concocted to get good PR. It is a resource plan for combating years into the future.

in which we operate. This is a goal uniquely possible for us because 80 percent of our output comes from climate change, and a blueprint on how to leverage our current value into a sustainable advantage for In October, we announced our intention to acquire NRG. We have looked at this transaction from many perspectives and under many scenarios. Our analysis shows that the combined company would bring It would create a new model for independent generation, one better able to survive the booms and for investors in both Exelon and NRG. enhanced size, scale and scope, in addition to improved diversity in geography and regulatory environments. busts in economic and commodity cycles. More importantly, it would create real and immediate value But it will not be easy. The unwillingness of NRG's management to discuss a merger at a reasonable

price made it necessary for us to take our offer directly to their shareholders. It is our hope that NRG's

management will be willing to discuss a merger and this transaction will become friendlier than it now appears. But if not, we are prepared to take our case to NRG's annual shareholder meeting and take the steps necessary to elect new, independent directors. We believe our proposition is compelling, and the date offers independent corroboration. I am under no illusions about the difficulty of completing a fact that almost 46 percent of NRG's shareholders tendered their shares at the initial January expiration transaction such as this. But we are committed to rigorously pursue all opportunities to grow your value.

6

SUSTAINABLE FUTURE

Undoubtedly, we will face continuing challenges in 2009. With a new administration and many new members of Congress, we believe there will be a serious effort to address climate change. As in all things, however, the devil will be in the details. If the administration works to pass a carefully crafted mandatory national program, either a cap and trade system with a cost containment mechanism or a modest tax, there is reason to believe that we can begin to address climate change without disrupting our industry or the broader economy. If the administration elects to rely solely on subsidies and mandates to promote renewable development, however, customers will likely pay too much for too little benefit. legislation accomplishes its stated objectives.

Betsy Moler and her team will have to redouble their efforts to work with policymakers so the resulting On a separate front, post-mortems of the recent failure of the financial system will undoubtedly lead

to calls for closer regulation. Some will seek to dismantle competitive markets in our industry, despite the fact that those markets have undeniably delivered increased operational and economic efficiency. The challenge will be particularly acute in Pennsylvania as we complete the transition to competitive markets. We remain convinced that competition is in the best interest of our shareholders and our customers, and we will be vigilant in our protection of those principles. All of this will unfold against the backdrop of a weakened and uncertain economic outlook, pressuring the costs of our operations and benefits upwards and the demand for our product downwards. 2008 has been a challenging and sobering year. In this space two years ago, I noted my belief that

Exelon has "the best platform for confronting an uncertain future." These words are enduring. We have and improving delivery businesses and the balance sheet and financial discipline to see us through difficult times. The sustainability of these advantages manifested itself in 2008. Your board, my we protect and grow the value of your investment through an equally uncertain 2009.

a generation business well positioned to make money in any market and economic environment, stable

management team and I are committed to preserving and enhancing those advantages to ensure that Our Vision remains sound, our company remains rock solid and our commitment to you is unwavering.

JohnW. Rowe

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Exelon Corporation March 6, 2009

7

