Exelon 2014 Summary Annual Report

Letter to Our Shareholders

Dear Exelon Shareholder,
Exelon Corporation had a strong year in 2014. We took significant steps to diversify and grow the business through investing in utility infrastructure and technology, building new generating plants, expanding existing lines of business and moving into new technologies and markets. Our core operations remain excellent, and we delivered top quartile utility reliability and best-ever nuclear generation.
Christopher M. Crane President and Chief Executive Officer

|3

Exelon 2014 Summary Annual Report

Letter to Our Shareholders

A transformation is occurring in our industry, with dramatic changes in consumer behavior, emergence of new technologies at an unprecedented pace, and continuing industry consolidation. In this complex environment, Exelon's integrated business model and our unmatched presence across the energy value chain offer a distinct competitive advantage through which we will drive value for customers and shareholders.

Operations
Exelon's operating performance in 2014 remained very strong. Our ability to leverage expertise and experience across the three utilities was demonstrated by outstanding performance in safety and reliability. Each of our three utilities was in the top decile of its peer group for safety, and top quartile for both outage frequency and duration. Each utility set new winter peak demand records during the polar vortex, and met that demand successfully. Generating plant performance in 2014 was exceptional. Exelon Power closed the year with 96.5 percent gas and hydro dispatch match and 95 percent wind and solar energy capture. Nuclear achieved a 94.2 percent capacity factor in 2014. The three nuclear plants of CENG, our joint venture with Électricité de France, also operated very well at a 92.6 percent capacity factor, and were fully integrated into Exelon fleet management this year. The Exelon generation fleet, with its mix of nuclear, gas, hydro, solar, and wind assets, is more than twice as clean on a low-carbon basis as any of the 20 largest generation fleets in the country1, and provides unparalleled reliability to its customers in all seasons.

Financial Performance
Our GAAP earnings were $1.89 per diluted share in 2014, compared to $2.00 in 2013. On an operating (non-GAAP) basis, our earnings were $2.39 per diluted share, compared to $2.50 in 2013. The overall $0.11 decrease in non-GAAP operating earnings primarily reflects lower realized energy prices at the generation business and increased storm response costs at the utilities. These were offset in part by increased utility distribution rates and reduced post-retirement benefit costs. GAAP earnings in 2014 also reflect impairments of certain generating assets given 2014 commodity price declines, partly offset by gains on the sales of some generating assets. Even though natural gas forward prices remained low, Exelon's financial results were consistent with our plan. Exelon's share price was up 35.4 percent for the year, with total shareholder return of +40.6 percent compared to an average return of +29 percent for our peers, and +13.7 percent for the broader market. We continued the work we began in 2012 to strengthen our balance sheet. We sold several generation assets this year, in part to finance the acquisition of Pepco Holdings and recognize the increased value those assets had to other market participants relative to our own estimates. We are reinvesting that capital in growth.

Each of our three utilities was in the top decile of its peer group for safety, and top quartile for both outage frequency and duration. Generating plant performance in 2014 was exceptional.
1

M.J. Bradley & Assoc. (2014), Benchmarking Air Emissions of the 100 Largest Electric Power Producers in the U.S.

|4

Exelon 2014 Summary Annual Report

Letter to Our Shareholders

A Culture of Innovation
To thrive in an industry undergoing fundamental change, Exelon is building a culture of innovation that promotes investigation and early adoption of promising new technologies and processes. We intend to identify technologies that are about to emerge and capitalize on them, rather than merely react to the disruption. We are investing in new markets, and we are empowering our frontline workers to use their hands-on knowledge of the business to bring us innovation and creativity. Exelon is committed to its pursuit of growth opportunities, especially in our approach to new technologies. Our objective is to identify the opportunities for both Exelon and its customers in what some view as "disruptive" technologies, thereby enabling innovation and capitalizing on market and technical changes. Key examples of that focus include: · O  ur partnership with Bloom Energy to finance fuel cell projects at commercial facilities, to expand our service offerings to large customers and build on our growing distributed energy business; · O  ur pursuit of microgrid initiatives in both the competitive and regulated businesses ­ innovative projects that can identify and pilot new technologies, expand options available to customers, and establish sound frameworks for market participation and value capture; · T  he company's investment in NetPower, a company building a first-of-a-kind demonstration natural gas-fired plant designed to produce zero air emissions, with potential commercial applications for the captured carbon dioxide; and · S  taying actively engaged in the emerging technology arena, exploring and investing in such technologies as energy storage, alternative vehicles and sophisticated digital systems enabling customers to use energy more efficiently.

Growth Strategy and Investments
Exelon's strategy is to preserve the value of its core assets while capitalizing on emerging trends and technologies to diversify into growth opportunities. We continue to create value for our shareholders by finding and providing value for our customers. We acted on our strategy in 2014 through expansion of existing business lines, investment in utility infrastructure, investment in new technologies and redeployment of capital for greater value. The most significant strategic move of the year was the announcement in April of our merger with Pepco Holdings, Inc. (PHI) The addition of the PHI utilities to our company will create substantial value for customers, given our demonstrated ability to leverage scale and efficiencies to improve service reliability and reduce cost. We continue to invest in and grow our existing businesses: utilities, competitive retail and generation. Investment in regulated utility advanced technology, infrastructure and reliability constituted a key part of our growth in 2014 and will continue. ComEd has made impressive progress on installation of smart meters throughout its service territory, and PECO and BGE are more than 80 percent complete on their smart meter projects. These investments provide greater reliability and improved service for our customers and a stable return for the company. We added 215 megawatts (MW) of new generation to the portfolio in 2014: nuclear uprates, wind projects and solar. The generation development pipeline is also robust with more than 2,100 MW in our two ERCOT combined-cycle gas turbine projects, more than 100 MW in near-term wind projects, 120 MW in the expansion of our Perryman gas plant in Maryland, and other potential wind and gas generation projects. We materially increased the size of the competitive retail power and gas business through the acquisitions of Integrys Energy Services and ETC ProLiance, improving profitability while adding scale and providing a larger channel to market for our generation.

We acted on our strategy in 2014 through expansion of existing business lines, investment in utility infrastructure, investment in new technologies and redeployment of capital for greater value.

|5

Exelon 2014 Summary Annual Report

Letter to Our Shareholders

We are leveraging our competencies and existing assets to move into adjacent markets. We are growing our distributed energy platform, including biomass, compressed natural gas fueling stations and behind-the-meter solar, to take advantage of market opportunities and provide our customers with more options.

Energy Policy Advocacy
As is the case throughout the energy industry, federal and state policies and regulations are important to Exelon's business. For that reason, Exelon is and will continue to be a leading voice in the discussion and debate of energy public policy. A key policy focus remains ensuring a level playing field for our clean, reliable generation, including nuclear. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's (EPA) Clean Power Plan draft was released in June, proposing to restrict carbon dioxide emissions from fossil plants. The draft was well-intentioned but fell short of addressing the importance of nuclear in achieving the nation's environmental goals. We are working to improve the plan as the EPA finalizes it and states begin to consider how to implement it. As a result of widespread fossil outages and problems with fuel supply during last year's polar vortex, PJM has developed a redesign of its capacity market to create a capacity performance product that will recognize the value of reliable supply. Federal Energy Regulatory Commission approval this summer would enable implementation in the next capacity auction. We are working with each of our regional transmission organizations to build market rules and practices that will ensure resource adequacy for our customers. Despite the outstanding performance of our nuclear fleet, some of our Illinois plants continue to face economic challenges, because their clean energy and best-in-class reliability are not properly valued in today's markets. Four State of Illinois agencies have issued a report confirming the economic and environmental benefits of the state's nuclear plants and identifying policy options to address the issue. The right energy policy for Illinois should guarantee reliability and improve the environment, while creating and retaining jobs, growing the local economy, and minimizing cost. It is difficult to envision such a policy without nuclear as a critical part of the energy mix. Our forthcoming decisions on nuclear asset rationalization will be driven largely by the outcome of the PJM capacity performance reform, policy decisions in Illinois and other states, and the outlook for EPA's Clean Power Plan. Putting in place the right public policies is clearly the best answer. But our obligation to you, our shareholders, remains the same: sustained profitability from our assets while meeting our obligations to customers and communities.

We materially increased the size of the competitive retail power and gas business through the acquisitions of Integrys Energy Services and ETC ProLiance, improving profitability while adding scale and providing a larger channel to market for our generation.
Conclusion
Exelon remains the premier operator in our business, while we actively invest in new technologies and markets. We will continue to diversify and grow our business with discipline, reliably serve our customers, and support energy policy that ensures fair competition for our assets.

Christopher M. Crane President and Chief Executive Officer April 2015

|6

