’09
To our shareholders
David Frost had a program in the 1960s called “TWTWTW” “That WasTheWeekThatWas.” We have the longer version now, which is TWTYTW. Never in all my years had I witnessed a business disas- ter until now. Fortunately we saw what lay ahead in the latter part of 2008 and made some critical decisions. We instituted a hiring freeze, cut expenses, and implemented a policy of no layoffs. This should stand us in good stead when things turn around. On the positive side we have lots of cash, no long-term debt and we’re profitable. Yes, revenues are down, but whose aren’t? Just to get through the year unscathed was a modest victory.
2009 marked our 30th anniversary and when you look at our progress over those 30 years, we’re extremely proud of the results. This year we received awards from numerous customers includingWalmart, H.P., Cisco Systems, Kohler,Target and Parker Hannifin which is a credit
to everyone here. We also opened our “Disaster Recovery Center” in Spokane,Washington. This facility is 25,000 square feet and will facili- tate all our global backup I.T. requirements.
 Our current corporate headquarters, still in Seattle, opened in 1998 and provides 215,000 square feet for 750 employees.
15.

  16.
Our 25,000 square foot Disaster Recovery Center opened in Spokane, Washington on 12 October 2009.
What about 2010? It certainly couldn’t get worse, or could it? Unemployment (in the United States) is at record levels, the dollar (in the United States) is weak, and the national debt (in the United States) is in the trillions (remember when a million was a lot?). Taxes (in the United States) will be higher, health care (in the United States) is up in the air, and the economy (in the United States) drags along. Fortunately for us, we’re not just in the United States. We’re a global network, with 70% of our operational capabilities residing outside the United States. As the global economy starts to recover, we’re posi- tioned to benefit from that recovery when and where it occurs. That isn’t to say we’re down playing our U.S. presence. His- torically, betting against the U.S. economy and its people has not been a winning proposition. We’re not economists, nor are we gamblers, but we are betting that there still remains a lot of strength and stability in the U.S. markets. While there may be some short-term trauma, in the long run the U.S. economy will be fine. We’re merely pointing out that the U.S. is just one of many nodes in our global network and that some of those nodes are recovering faster than others. We believe our long-

  Success is in the details: even in 1981 we needed more room to grow.
A $1,000 investment on our IPO date (18 September 1984), as- suming the exercise of associ- ated warrants (for $528), was worth approximately $278,000 on 31 December 2009.
term future well-being will have as much to do with how other countries recover from the turbulence of the last 18 months than what will happen solely in the United States.
Finally, I’d be remiss to not address what is probably the most oft-asked question I get these days. Will there be an uptick in 2010? From our perspective, maybe a slight one, but the next few years we think we will see slow, albeit steady, growth. However, thanks to our people, our customers and our service providers we feel confident in our future. When your legacy rests firmly on a foundation built by a 30-year focus on building long-term stability, you won’t be dislodged, even by a strong jolt of seismic activity, no matter how severe.
Peter J. Rose
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 17.
