What a difference a year makes! 2009 was the worst year I’ve ever experienced during my career, and yet...
we were still solidly profitable. 2010 started off well and ended terrific. The main reason for such a solid year is predicated on one large factor...our no layoff policy. At the conclusion of 2008 there were signs of a severe slowdown. We decided at that time to initiate a hiring freeze and institute a “no layoff policy” in order to protect our two most important assets: our people and our customers. Some in our industry had considerable layoffs, but we’ve always believed that layoffs are a poor strategy, particularly in this very “people business.” One can park planes and ships but one cannot park people.
This decision, in my mind, was a sound one, as this year’s results indicate. What’s paying off for us now, and what customers are increasingly looking to us for, are our financial stability, our I.T. prowess, and the tenure of our people.
The retention of our employees and our customers is paramount to the creation of long-term value at Expeditors...and they are intrinsically linked. One would think one could not be criticized for making such a decision. Well we were; not surprisingly by Wall Street, who in their infinite wisdom clearly stated that had we laid people off, our profits would have been higher. Fortunately we don’t work for Wall Street or anyone else who might describe a 35% year-over-year increase in operating income as “lackluster.” Not taking their advice to sacrifice our most valuable assets, our people, for short-term profits in 2009, paid off quite well for us in 2010. As the old saying goes, “sometimes you have to put your money where your mouth is.” We think these results show that we did the correct thing, for both 2010 and for the future.
In this day and age, loyalty is fleeting, but the majority of our customers have been just that – loyal and for that we can’t thank them enough. Who takes care of them? The same employees that weren’t laid off. We have always said that our primary job is
to take care of our people, their primary job is to take care of our customers, and that should take care of Wall Street. We believe (and always have) that corporate performance is a direct function of employee satisfaction, and we have managed accordingly. Employee satisfaction improves customers service, which in turn creates greater customer satisfaction, and that creates greater value for Expeditors. That’s a little long winded however it bespeaks of our culture and explains our continued achievement.
What about 2011...who knows? The fact that every year is an anomaly is what makes it interesting. What surprises await us? More government regulations, more cargo security rules, perhaps more mergers of carriers. Having successfully navigated through the downtown of 2009 and experienced the great turnaround in 2010, more than ever, we believe that we still have the best people and the best customers. With our two greatest assets secure, we can’t think of a better springboard for whatever 2011 may bring.
Thank you for your continued support.
Peter J. Rose
Chairman of the Board & CEO
          