 To our shareholders
2003 was another unforgettable year, yet another anomaly and – yes – every year is still exciting. It started with the SARS epidemic, then the war, and all this in a less than strong economy. And of course, Sarbanes-Oxley, too.

But thank goodness for Sarbanes-Oxley. It’s made every- one honest and it’s encouraged the pundits to come out of the woodwork advocating the elimination of options, the restriction of options, the expensing of options and – if that’s not enough – making the Chairman and CEO separate individuals while assigning external boards to run the company. While we’re at it, what about staggered boards? When the dust settles the only ones doing any staggering will be the companies themselves, as they try to cope with the fallout of having their businesses run from the outside.
For the record, Expeditors has a solid, experienced board. We have a majority of outside versus inside directors. The compensation committee and the audit committee are, and always have been, solely comprised of indepen- dent, outside directors. These individuals have years of business experience and are self-made successes in the business world. That’s why they’re on our board. They
03 expeditors { 22 } constant / change

 FAR EAST
The SARS outbreak tested the strength of the Expeditors Asia network. Customers turned to Expeditors to execute contingency plans and apply continuous quality control while at the same time observing all the mea- sures designed to help prevent the spread of SARS. Our training helped make the difference. We met the challenge of the SARS outbreak, and kept the freight moving while helping to contain the outbreak because, as a company, we're committed to delivering for our customers, no matter what.
 
 EUROPE / MIDDLE EAST / AFRICA / INDIAN SUBCONTINENT
Given the well-documented regional tensions, 2003 was not any easier than 2002. With war as a backdrop, we can't help but express our thanks to our customers for their loyalty and to our people for their untiring hard work. Our job was to stay focused on important initiatives throughout the EMAIR region. Keys were improving productivity, placing greater emphasis on customer retention, global sales, training and improving our business process. We're ready for another interesting year.
 
 wouldn’t put up with any of the dot.com era nonsense any more than we would.
As for options, they have been a big reason Expeditors has done so well. Why? This company is all about provid- ing opportunities to our employees. Excluding those countries in which government statutes mandate retire- ment plans, there are no expensive retirement plans at Expeditors. While we do make matching contributions
to 401(k) or equivalent plans, there is nothing like a full- blown defined benefit pension plan here. So rather than give millions of options to a select few at the top, we have traditionally given the executive group a smaller percent- age of the option grants and passed the majority on to every level of the company. Our young employees use these options to secure their future. Knowing that the better Expeditors performs the better able they will be
to provide for their children’s education and their own retirement provides the right kind of motivation.
03 expeditors { 25 } constant / change

Couple this with the fact that Expeditors employees need not be concerned with the threat of an unsettling merger or acquisition that would destroy their livelihoods – and their future – and you have a combination that encourages people to do their best work. Job security and financial security help our employees stay better focused on deliv- ering the kind of uncompromising customer service that continues to set Expeditors apart. No handouts, no guaranteed retirement payments. Just the opportunity
to do well, as long as you do well by our customers and our shareholders. How much more aligned with investors’ interests can you get than that?
Whatever the powers-that-be may decide about options, we will of course comply. But we feel compelled to point out that we think options, as we use them at Expeditors, are an important element in creating and reinforcing the kind of culture that has built and sustained real share- holder value.
03 expeditors { 26 } constant / change

 THE AMERICAS
We continued to challenge ourselves to realize further improvements in our processes and develop more value-added solutions for our customers. One clear way to offer customers more is through our organic method of growth: in 2003 we added offices in Austin, Texas, and Tampa and Orlando, Florida. We even make organic acquisitions: after years of work based on shared values and a mutual commitment to customer service we acquired our agent in Costa Rica – Mar y Tierra. Still another is the imminent launch of NAT – Expeditors’ North American Transportation product. 2003 was a good year. These additional capabilities should contribute to a stronger 2004.
 
 SOUTH PACIFIC
The strong appreciation of the Australian and New Zealand dollars against the greenback meant smaller import freight margins for Expeditors. But this was offset by more opportunities in Asian import traffic. The net result: Cheaper imports for the South Pacific region and more expensive exports out of the South Pacific region. But even though ocean carriers did not increase capacity they did increase their rates every quarter – imports from Asia continued to boom at the expense of other markets.
 
 As disruptive and nonsensical as some of the provisions of Sarbanes-Oxley are, we’re stuck with them, and we’re do- ing our best to be in full compliance. Doing so, however, costs us more time and it does waste money. If we seem a little jaded, it’s just that we believed in – and practiced – corporate governance before corporate governance was cool. And we did so because it was and is the right way to run a business, not because a couple of guys got together and passed a law making it mandatory. Enough said.
But, when all is said and done, 2003 was still a year of growth, new ideas, new hardware, new offices, new employ- ees and new enhancements to our I.T. systems. It was even a year in which Expeditors won logistics supplier awards from Cisco Systems, Philips and Wal-Mart.
Not too shabby.
2004 marks the company’s 25th anniversary and we look forward to it and the next 25 years. We have grown from
03 expeditors { 29 } constant / change

six offices and 20 people to 170 offices and over 8,000 people – not big by some standards. In fact, people have often said, “I thought you were much larger.” Our answer is always the same: We could be – but we’re not willing to put the things that have made us successful at risk. And we’re not willing to endanger shareholder and employee value.
So we will continue to grow the way we always have: organically. Our record validates our focus and our strategy. Our shareholders, employees and customers come first, always. These are the individuals that run our company. Not Wall Street. Not Sarbanes. Not Oxley. Not the pundits.
Thank you for another great year. Now back to business.
Peter J. Rose, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 