TO O U R S H A R E H O L D E R S
2014 was certainly a year of change at Expeditors. We were fortunate enough to celebrate our 35th anniversary, something that is increasingly unusual these days, particularly in our industry. We are proud of the fact that this Company, which now has nearly 15,000 people in 186 full-service o ffi ces and numerous satellite locations, started with six o ffi ces and 20 people. We're especially proud that our founders, our initial shareholders, didn't seek out third-party or venture capital investors when they founded Expeditors. They did so through taking personal risks by making personal investments, with their own personal money. The principles they instilled created a culture of taking shareholder alignment personally and a culture where shareholder investments were protected through superior customer service and sound financial management. These are the same principles that stand in our Company today and they continue to make us a great organization. We've said good-bye, but only in terms of managing the Company on a day-to-day basis, to one of our original founders and long-time CEO and Chairman, Peter J. Rose. We've also said good-bye to others who have had a big hand in the success of this Company. We will be forever grateful for their commitment, dedication and service. I am reminded of a 14th century proverb that says "great oaks from little acorns grow." It is now time for the younger generation to begin to show that they have in fact become the great oaks in their own right. Of course, each of these oaks started out as an acorn but thanks to the careful cultivation and attention of our founders, over an extended period of time (most of us have been here for 25 years or longer), we are now experienced, seasoned and ready to lead. We've placed pictures throughout this annual report of some of the founders and key members of our Company who have contributed so much to our success and who are now retired. We are grateful for their participation in this annual report. We believe their involvement sends a strong message about our commitment to the past while at the same time emphasizing our graceful move forward. With that said, they will forever be a part of the Expeditors family.
Jef frey S . Musser President & Chief E xecutive Of ficer

We have continued to move forward in 2014, but we must not forget that what actually drives this Company is our people and our service providers. Our people execute the services for our customers on a day-to-day basis. Our service providers (airlines, steamship lines and trucking companies) are the folks that perform the physical movements of our cargo, according to our instructions, based on our customers' requirements. We must have the very best service providers available to us in each and every category and continue to treat them with the upmost respect as we collaborate to enhance our mutual service capabilities. Without the best service providers, managed in the best way, our service o ff erings to our customers won't be market leading. Our senior management team worked tirelessly during 2014 to create, refine and communicate a strategy that will move the Company forward. Our strategy consists of four strategic initiatives and four strategic enablers. Each is designed to allow to our Company to continue to grow in ways that respect our cultural heritage but at the same time supports the concept of an ever evolving Company. Now that the strategy has been communicated to all of our regional and district managers, our Company will begin to focus our e ff orts throughout 2015 on both the vigorous execution of the strategy and the rigid measurement of our progress. While the global economy shows strengths in certain areas, it shows weakness in others. We can't and won't make that an excuse for our results but will instead focus our e fforts on the opportunities that present themselves. Finally, a very big thank you to our employees, service providers, customers and shareholders. We appreciate the trust that is put in our team every day and will continue to work tirelessly to exceed your expectations.

