To our stockholders: As the global economy began to melt down in late 2008, Expedia®, like many companies, experienced one of the most uncertain times in its history. The only thing we were certain of was that 2009 would bring unprecedented challenges. We took the opportunity to look hard at our business, evaluating the long-term competitiveness of our products and whether we were optimally structured as a global company. Amidst the uncertainty, we sought not to simply weather the down turn, but to better position Expedia for long-term growth, regardless of the economic climate. In anticipation of the challenges 2009 would bring, we reorganized the business from its previous regional orientation to a global brand orientation, establishing worldwide organizations for the Expedia, Hotels.com® and Expedia® Affiliate Network businesses. Importantly, this enabled us to institute a global view across our business, leverage best practices across geographies, and scale platforms and systems to achieve greater efficiency. As a result, our business teams and technology teams are working more closely together, driving accountability and closer coordination among these groups. We also recognized that we needed to knock down barriers that were keeping consumers from booking travel with us, and to attract and retain an ever increasing customer base. We reinvigorated our intent to always put travelers first, and as a result, we eliminated or reduced fees across virtually all of our products and in most geographies in which we operate. We also expanded our loyalty programs, most notably the Hotels.com welcomerewardsTM program, which is one of the simplest and most successful loyalty programs in online travel, with members receiving one free night for every 10 room nights they book with Hotels.com. These moves, combined with substantially lower hotel room and air ticket pricing, resulted in share gains and unit volume growth we would be proud of in any economy. We are certain that our products and services are now more compelling than they have ever been. As a public demonstration of the company's efforts to put travelers first in every thinkable way, our flagship booking brand Expedia.com® recently rebranded itself with the tagline "Where you book mattersTM," an assertion we strongly believe in, and on which our employees are dedicated to delivering every day. At the same time, the company is committed to fiscal discipline, and in 2009 we found many opportunities to be more efficient. We made investments in platforms and infrastructure that we believe can save us money in the near-term and scale well over time. Investments in credit card payment processing and air fulfillment technology have driven efficiencies in our cost of sales. Investments in call center technology have and will continue to improve service and drive efficiencies in our customer service operations. In addition, we have consolidated the Hotels.com business from two platforms onto one, which will improve our ability to more rapidly and efficiently innovate going forward. While oriented for growth, our company is run with a discipline to leverage our cost base so that our growth is scalable. International growth is one of our top priorities, and we are driving for international revenue to constitute 50% of our mix within the next five years. The global Hotels.com brand has been able to nimbly enter and gain traction in new markets, now serving consumers in more than 70 countries. We operate 19 Expedia-branded sites worldwide, and our corporate travel brand EgenciaTM is now serving 31 countries. TripAdvisor® has 19 countryspecific sites, including several in Europe, as well as Brazil and India. In addition, TripAdvisor has invested aggressively in China with the launch of DaoDao.comTM and the acquisition of Chinese meta-search site KuxunTM. Our private label EANTM business has also integrated its global functions and considerably improved its growth rate. Key to our international expansion efforts is our ability to expand the depth, breadth and quality of the product in our marketplace across air, hotel, car and other products. As a key example, we launched the Expedia Easy Manage program, our agency hotel model, in Europe in the spring of 2009. With our Easy Manage agency and Expedia Special Rate merchant models, we can now better address the varied business needs of our hotel partners and offer them the right framework within which to take advantage of Expedia's global scope and scale. We now have over 40,000 merchant and agency hotel properties in Europe with direct Expedia contracts, and we expect to continue to significantly grow this supply base in 2010.

We are also focused on Asia Pacific and Latin America, where we see outsized potential for growth in these less penetrated markets. Today, APAC and Latin America make up approximately 5% of our business, a figure that we think we can double in the next couple of years. Our media businesses, TripAdvisor Media Network and Expedia Media Solutions Group, continue to grow their leadership positions. In an environment where many companies shrank year-over-year, our advertising and media revenue grew 10% in 2009, accounting for more than 10% of our worldwide revenues. We have continued to expand the breadth of our media product base, both geographically and with new products such as TripAdvisor Business Listings, TripAdvisor Flights, FlipKeyTM Vacation Rentals and Expedia® StorePoint ExpandablesTM. Our execution in travel media continues to set us apart competitively, hedges a portion of our marketing spend and adds a complementary and highly profitable dimension to our portfolio of leading consumer travel booking brands. Our solid performance in 2009 has confirmed that our business model is resilient and our success isn't dictated by one type of economic environment over another. We have a strong balance sheet, an improved investment grade credit profile, and we generated $584 million of free cash flow for the year. As a result, we are in a position that we can appropriately invest in our businesses, continue to make opportunistic acquisitions, and still generate excess cash to return to our investors. To this end, we paid our first ever quarterly cash dividend in March 2010. Though some may say that paying a dividend is a sign of slowing growth, it is actually a reflection of the confidence that we have in our business and especially our employee base. 2009 was a difficult year for our employees -- we effected a huge reorganization, including a painful downsizing, we didn't grant broad-based raises, and we reduced bonuses following poor 2008 results, all in the context of a deep worldwide recession. But our teams bore down and executed, and delivered a solid year. We are not where we want to be, but we have an organization with big dreams, a team that is passionate about our company and our industry, and the scale, global brands and technology to continue to lead the industry into the future. We are proud to lead this company and we thank you for your support. Sincerely,

Dara Khosrowshahi President & CEO

