A MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN
We've made substantial financial and operational progress over the past three years. During that period, we accelerated our flow of new products to the market, created ongoing efficiencies in our cost structure and business processes, and improved our cash flow. Our pre-tax profit, excluding special items, improved by more than $7 billion.* We are determined to build on the progress we've made. In the short term, that means meeting the challenges of a difficult operating environment. Longer term, it means leveraging our unique strengths to differentiate ourselves in a fiercely competitive global industry. Our efforts to move forward will benefit from our achievements in 2004. Those included:

F

ord Motor Company is moving forward fast.

F

O

R
· A pre-tax profit, excluding special items, of $5.8 billion, compared to $3.4 billion in 2003.**

· Cost reductions of almost $900 million. In total, we improved our automotive cost performance by more than $4 billion over the last two years.*** · Improved per-unit revenue of $745 in North America, along with improved residual values. · Market share increases in Europe, South America and Asia.

The Year Ahead
Even with the positive momentum these accomplishments have given us, meeting our targets for 2005 will be a challenge. Our quality continued to improve last year,

Bill Ford, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

4

but other manufacturers also improved, so we are still not where we want to be. Rising expenses related to health care, commodities and energy will make holding down costs difficult. In North America, which represents more than half of our worldwide volume, our market share was down in 2004, and competition remains intense. Despite these challenges, we plan to meet the priorities we have set for ourselves in 2005: · Continuing to deliver exciting new products. · Improving our quality and customer satisfaction. · Holding our overall costs at 2004 levels. · Improving our market share and revenue in all regions. · Improving results at all automotive operations. We are encouraged by the fact that all of the new

Building On The Basics
The success we've achieved has been the result of the disciplined and consistent approach we've taken in executing our plans. As we move forward, we will continue that relentless focus on quality, costs and all the other basics of our business. At the same time, we are building on those basics and taking our efforts to the next level. We're in a complicated business, but I can sum up our long-term vision very simply. We're going to build great products, a strong business and a better world. That will help us achieve our goal of being the best automotive company in the world. Our Financial Services business plays a critical role in our long-term plans. It supports our vehicle sales and makes a major contribution to our earnings. But we know that strong automotive operations are the key to our long-term success.

W

A

R
responsible way that helps build a better world. We are going to continue to improve on these fundamentals, but we have to assume that our competition will do the same. The question then becomes, "What makes us different?" Or, put another way, "Why do business with Ford Motor Company?"

D

products we have introduced are connecting with customers. The new Ford F-Series and redesigned Ford Escape set sales records. Ford Five Hundred, Ford Freestyle and Mercury Montego are making significant inroads into their respective market segments. Ford Mustang, Volvo S40 and Land Rover LR3 have generated critical acclaim and customer enthusiasm, and so has the new Ford Focus in Europe and Asia. We expect better results at all of our automotive operations in 2005. We also are projecting a strong profit performance for our Financial Services business; however, results for this business are likely to be down from a very strong 2004, reflecting lower volume, increasing interest rates and a non-recurrence of reserve reductions.

The fundamental requirement for success in the auto business is having great products. Supporting the development of those products requires a strong business with a world-class operating structure. I believe that an integral part of creating great products and a strong business is operating in a socially

(continued on next page)

*

Pre-tax results excluding special items improved from a loss of $1.3 billion in 2001 to a profit of $5.8 billion in 2004. Special items, primarily relating to the Revitalization Plan, adversely impacted 2001pre-tax results by $6 b

** For 2004, special items reduced pre-tax income by $1 billion, primarily related to North America charges of $600 million for an allowance against a receivable from Visteon for OPEB obligations and $182 million associated with our investment in Ballard and PAG/Europe charges of $159 million associated with our PAG and Ford th America from our agreements with Visteon for $1.6 billion and charges at PAG/Europe associated with the Ford Europe Improvement Plan of $513 million. *** At constant volume, mix, and currency exchange; excluding special items and discontinued operations.

5

CHAIRMAN'S MESSAGE (CONTINUED) Innovation
One of the ways we plan to differentiate ourselves is by becoming a leader in offering innovations that make a difference for our customers and the world in which they live. A great example of this is the Ford Escape Hybrid. Escape Hybrid can do anything that our regular Escape can, only with up to 75 percent better fuel economy in city driving. It is not just a sensible solution that uses new technology. It is a hotselling new product which is appealing to every demographic group. Escape Hybrid also was named "North American Truck of the Year." Hybrids represent an opportunity for us to differentiate ourselves. For the first time in many years, there are companies that have a significant new technology, and companies that don't. We have our own patented hybrid technology and proprietary drive system and electronic controls. By the time many of our competitors offer a hybrid, we'll be on to our next generation, and some won't be able to afford their own systems. In the next three years, we will have four other hybrids joining the Escape: Mercury Mariner, which we've pulled ahead to go on sale in the United States later this year, Ford Fusion, Mercury Milan and Mazda Tribute. Much of what we've learned in developing these hybrids will help us as we explore other alternative fuel technologies. This is another way in which we plan to differentiate ourselves. We are the only auto company doing serious development work with four of the most promising advanced fuel technologies: clean diesels, gasoline-electric hybrids, hydrogen-powered internal combustion engines and fuel cell vehicles. We are working hard to introduce technologies in the near term that help improve fuel economy and reduce greenhouse gases that affect the climate. As we look further ahead, we are especially excited about creating a path to a clean, renewable, hydrogen-powered future. We are investing huge resources to advance and demonstrate hydrogen technology. Ford is a leader in hydrogen-powered Internal Combustion Engines (ICE). Our E-450 Hydrogen ICE shuttle buses are the first commercially available hydrogen vehicles in North America. We also are testing a state-of-the-art Ford Focus Fuel Cell vehicle in fleets around the world. We are doing our development in-house, with technical talent and a depth of capability that we'd match against anyone in the world. However, given the enormity of the task, we believe that partnerships involving industry, energy providers and government will be required to make hydrogen power a reality. We are working to make that happen through partnerships with the U.S. Department of Energy, the State of Florida, BP, Fuel Cells Canada, the Clean Energy Partnership in Germany and others. There are many obstacles to overcome, but the potential rewards of hydrogen power are tremendous. It could redefine the competitive landscape of the automotive industry in the 21st century.

Sustainability
Our customers are concerned about energy security, the price of fuel and the threat of climate change. Providing market-driven solutions to these issues is an outstanding business opportunity. My great-grandfather's vision was to provide affordable transportation for the world. I want to expand that vision for the 21st century and provide transportation that is affordable in every sense of the word ­ socially and environmentally, as well as economically. In other words, sustainable transportation.

The Family Of Ford
The innovations that will give us a competitive advantage in the near future and in the long term will come from our 325,000 employees around the world. I believe that our people are our greatest asset, which means the most fundamental way for us to differentiate ourselves is by leveraging their strengths. This has been a key element of our strategic plan for the last three years. It also is an area that builds on our unique heritage.

6

Because of our history, and our family connection, we have a special bond with millions of people around the world. We are not just another nameless, faceless corporation; people have strong emotional ties to our company. That gives us a tremendous opportunity to build on those family feelings and set ourselves apart. I have challenged the senior leaders of our company to establish a true family culture inside of Ford. We are cultivating a workplace that: · Attracts and retains the best people. · Allows them to work to their full potential. · Encourages continuous development and mutual benefit. · Promotes teamwork while embracing differences and diversity. A company with family-based values cares about its shareholders, customers, employees, dealers, business partners and the community. It works hard to earn the trust of all the members of this extended family, and maintain a culture in which they feel valued and treated fairly. Family-like behaviors are a solid foundation for building a winning culture and a high-performance team.

Our first major program under the family-based concept will be a new initiative called the Ford Volunteer Corps. The Corps will allow employees to volunteer for corporate citizenship projects. Its first major project will be to work with Habitat for Humanity to build housing and other structures in the areas hardest hit by the tsunami in Asia. By fully engaging the hearts and minds of our employees, we will create an empowered and innovative team. That will help us build on the momentum we've created and take our efforts to the next level.

The Road Ahead
We have made good progress in the past three years. But we still have a lot of work to do. We are in the final stages of our turnaround, and the first stages of defining our future. I am excited about where we are going as a company. But I also know that our future starts today. We made progress in many areas in 2004 and our overall profitability was good. We are going to maintain our discipline and keep executing our plan, in 2005 and beyond. We are also going to build on our unique strengths and capabilities, so that we can differentiate ourselves from our competition and deliver value to our shareholders. We have many challenges to face, but we also have come a long way in three years. We are operating in a difficult environment, but we are committed to delivering results and investing for our future. We are building great products, a strong business and a better world. Our goal is to be the best automotive company in the world. Thank you for your support of our efforts.

Bill Ford in the Escape Hybrid during the 2004 "Manhattan on a Tank of Gas" program in New York City. Escape Hybrid averaged 38 mpg in Manhattan traffic.

William Clay Ford, Jr. Chairman and CEO March 10, 2005

7

