A MESSAGE FROM THE EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN
"We believe the result of our efforts will be continuing profitable growth for all of our stakeholders."
In 2011 Ford Motor Company completed its third year in a row of improved annual operating profits and announced the reinstatement of paying quarterly dividends for the first time in over five years. In 2012 we will go further to meet the needs of our customers, the challenges of our industry and the issues confronting our world. We believe the result of our efforts will be continuing profitable growth for all of our stakeholders. In the coming year we expect overall industry sales volumes to grow worldwide and we will continue to introduce great products at a rapid pace. At the same time, we will continue our efforts to improve our cost structure and strengthen our balance sheet. The automobile industry continues to face a number of challenges, including ongoing economic uncertainty, rising fuel and commodity costs, and the need to reduce CO2 emissions. In addition, growing worldwide sales volumes, particularly in developing markets, are raising concerns about traffic congestion in major cities. We plan to meet these challenges head on, with best-in-class vehicles that lead in quality, fuel efficiency, safety, smart design and value. We now offer advanced fuel-saving technologies across a full line of vehicles, as well as a variety of electrified vehicles. By next year our innovative EcoBoost engine, which delivers up to 20 percent better fuel economy without sacrificing performance, will be available in more than 90 percent of our North America vehicle portfolio and nearly 80 percent of our vehicles globally. We also are intensifying our efforts to develop vehicles that communicate with each other and the world around them to improve safety and reduce traffic congestion. Last year we doubled our investment in the development of wirelessly connected intelligent vehicles and we became the first automaker to build prototypes for demonstration across the U.S. As we did to address concerns about sustainability, our "Blueprint for Mobility" plan directs our future efforts and investments in this area, so that we will be the leader in wireless communication technology. I am proud of the outstanding job that has been done by our employees around the world. Working together as a global team has enabled us to reward our shareholders and other stakeholders. But the success we have achieved so far is just a starting point, not a finish line. In 2012 we will go further to build great products, a strong business and a better world. Thank you for your continued support of our efforts.

William Clay Ford, Jr. Executive Chairman March 14, 2012

2

Ford Motor Company | 2011 Annual Report

A MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT AND CEO
"We believe the challenges we face as a society present us with an opportunity to add value for everyone, including our shareholders."
Ford Motor Company continued on its path of profitable growth in 2011. Around the world we are delivering best-in-class vehicles to our customers. Our cost structure has been dramatically improved and our balance sheet greatly strengthened. We have taken a leadership role in addressing issues of global concern. Now we want to go further. Ford is a growing company operating in a rapidly expanding global automotive market. We have increased our product investments to meet this rising demand. We are confident that we will continue to increase our worldwide sales and improve our operating margins. The result will be profitable growth for all of our stakeholders. Let me explain how we will achieve this goal. Great Products Success in the automobile industry begins with great products. More than five years ago we consolidated our regional automotive operations into one global product development organization to fully leverage our worldwide resources and maximize economies of scale. We continued to invest heavily in new products, even as we faced difficult economic conditions. As a result, we now have a full family of outstanding vehicles with segment-leading quality, fuel efficiency, safety, smart design and value. In 2011 these exciting new products helped us achieve our third consecutive year of higher market share in the United States. We also had a higher share in Asia Pacific Africa and three consecutive quarters of yearover-year share gains in Europe. Our product momentum will continue in 2012 with the launch of a number of new vehicles, including the introduction of the all-new Ford Fusion and Mondeo, Escape and Kuga, EcoSport in South America, and the B-MAX in Europe. Industry-wide vehicle sales are expected to rise significantly in the next few years, driven by accelerated expansion in developing markets, recovery in mature markets, and sales of smaller and more fuel-efficient vehicles. We expect our sales to increase to about 8 million units by mid-decade, up about 50 percent from 5.3 million units in 2010. Because of significant growth in the region, by 2020 nearly one-third of our sales will come from Asia Pacific Africa, more than doubling the current percentage of global sales volume we achieve in this region. The strength of our business will enable us to keep investing for this future growth.
Ford Motor Company | 2011 Annual Report 3

FORD'S SENIOR MANAGEMENT TEAM
The senior management team continues to successfully advance the company's One Ford global plan. Pictured with the all-new Ford Fusion and Focus ST from left to right: John Fleming, Robert Brown, David Leitch, Lewis Booth, Bennie Fowler, Joe Hinrichs, Derrick Kuzak, Mark Fields, Alan Mulally, Mike Bannister, Ray Day, Stephen Odell, Jim Farley, Felicia Fields, Nick Smither, Ziad Ojakli and Tony Brown.

Strong Business* Our 2011 full year pre-tax operating profit was $8.8 billion, or $1.51 per share, an increase of $463 million from a year ago. Strong results from North America and Ford Credit offset challenges in other parts of the world. Overall it was our most profitable year since 1998. Our North American operations had a pre-tax operating profit of $6.2 billion in 2011, compared to a profit of $5.4 billion a year ago. While down from the previous year, Ford Credit's pre-tax operating profit of $2.4 billion also contributed significantly to our full year results. We made substantial investments in our future in 2011, but it also was a milestone year in our efforts to strengthen our balance sheet. We ended the year with $32.4 billion in total Automotive liquidity. Automotive debt was $13.1 billion, a reduction of $6 billion for the year. Automotive gross cash was $22.9 billion; exceeding debt by $9.8 billion, which was an improvement of $8.4 billion for the year. In 2011 we signed a four-year agreement with the United Auto Workers that will help us improve our global competitiveness. As a result, we will be investing $16 billion in the U.S. and adding new jobs at our U.S. manufacturing facilities. Because of our continuing improvement in 2011, by the end of the year we were able to announce the reinstatement of paying a quarterly dividend to our shareholders for the first time since 2006. Restoring the dividend is an important sign of our progress in achieving profitable growth for all. Better World We believe the challenges we face as a society present us with an opportunity to add value for everyone, including our shareholders.

4

Ford Motor Company | 2011 Annual Report

Environmental and social goals are key elements of our business strategy, and our business objectives are fully aligned with our efforts to help build a better world. A good example of this is our commitment to being a leader in fuel economy. In a 2011 survey of consumers, 42 percent said fuel economy is an "extremely important" new vehicle purchase consideration, which is up over 13 percent versus a decade ago. To meet this growing need, nearly one-third of Ford's U.S. vehicle lines will feature a model with 40 mpg or more in 2012 ­ a claim no other full-line automaker can match.

Last year 25,000 Ford employee volunteers contributed 110,000 volunteer hours working on 1,200 community projects. Those totals include our annual Global Week of Caring, which involved 12,000 Ford employee volunteers, 244 projects and 55,000 volunteer hours on six continents. Looking Ahead** For 2012 we remain focused on continuing to deliver the key aspects of our One Ford plan, which are unchanged: · Aggressively restructure to operate profitably at the current demand and changing model mix. · Accelerate the development of new products that customers want and value.

"We made substantial investments in our future in 2011, but it also was a milestone year in our efforts to strengthen our balance sheet."
We also are strongly committed to growing our family of electrified vehicles. By next year, we will triple our production capacity for electrified vehicles in North America. Our approach is to offer our customers a variety of choices to meet their different needs. We now offer in the U.S. the battery-powered Focus Electric sedan and the Ford Fusion Hybrid. By the end of the year we will introduce the C-MAX Hybrid, C-MAX Energi plug-in hybrid, and Fusion Energi plug-in hybrid. We recently added our new 1.0-liter EcoBoost three-cylinder ­ the smallest engine Ford has ever built ­ and will offer in the future an all-new eight-speed automatic transmission. We are building these products in factories that are lean and clean. Between 2000 and 2010, we cut energy use at our global facilities by 40 percent, CO2 emissions by 49 percent and water use by 62 percent. A number of our facilities use power from solar panels, hydro-electricity, geothermal, and wind. We are replicating many sustainable technologies first piloted at the Rouge Center. Serving our communities also is an important part of contributing to a better world. In 2011 Ford Motor Company Fund and Community Services continued its support of non-profit organizations in three major areas: innovation and education, community development and American legacy, and auto-related safety education. Ford employees around the world also helped out in their communities through our Ford Volunteer Corps.

· Finance the plan and improve the balance sheet. · Work together effectively as one team, leveraging our global assets. We expect to continue improving our business and deliver improved Automotive pre-tax operating profits, strong operating-related cash flow, and solid Ford Credit profits. Overall, the Company's pre-tax operating profits, excluding special items, should be about equal to 2011's strong level. We expect full year U.S. industry sales to be in the range of 13.5 million to 14.5 million vehicles. Full year industry sales in Europe, in the 19 markets we track, should be at the low end of the range of 14 million to 15 million. Overall, we expect global industry sales to be about 80 million vehicles, up about 5 percent from 2011. We expect our full year market share in the U.S. and Europe to be about equal to 2011. The rapid pace of our new product introductions around the world will continue in 2012, as will the expansion of our production facilities in global growth markets such as China, India and Russia. We also expect to deliver year-over-year improvements in the quality of our vehicles worldwide. We recognize we have challenges ahead of us, but there are great opportunities as well. We are excited about accelerating the realization of the full potential of the global scale and operating margin benefits of our One Ford plan. We also are excited about what leveraging our global assets ultimately will deliver: profitable growth for everyone associated with our business. As always, we thank you for your support of our efforts.

Alan R. Mulally President and Chief Executive Officer March 14, 2012

* Profit amounts exclude Special Items, which are detailed on pages 35-36 of this report ** See Risk Factors on page 71 of this report

Ford Motor Company | 2011 Annual Report

5

