A Message from the ´ Executive Chairman
Last year Ford Motor Company continued its transformation in the face of extraordinarily difficult economic conditions. By borrowing all we could ahead of the credit collapse and dramatically cutting our costs we avoided a government bailout. We then went on to achieve one of the greatest financial turnarounds in our history. Our outstanding progress confirmed we are headed in the right direction, but we know our journey is far from over. We are now fighting our way back to prosperity. Today the automotive industry is at the intersection of three critical global issues: the economy, energy and the environment. There are concerns about competitiveness and employment, the availability and affordability of fuel, and the impact of CO2 emissions. In response to these concerns, for the first time in a century, some of the most fundamental and enduring elements of the automobile are being radically transformed by new technologies. The key to this transformation, and to success in our business, is continuous improvement and innovation. We remain intensely focused on growing our business profitably by delivering exciting vehicles that our customers want and value. To do that we want to be a leader in the application of technology that makes our customers' lives better. That includes developing breakthrough technologies to address the critical global issues that impact us all.
William Clay Ford, Jr. celebrated his Operating as ONE Ford around the 30-year anniversary with Ford Motor world allows us to fully leverage our Company. Pictured with him are Elena resources so that we can introduce Ford, Director, Global Marketing, Sales new technology at a lower cost and and Service Operations and Felicia a faster pace. These advanced Fields, Group Vice President, Human technologies will help us ensure that Resources and Corporate Services. every new product we introduce will be a leader in its segment for fuel economy, while providing top quality, safety and value.

A Message from the  ´ President and CEO
Ford Motor Company emerged from the challenging business environment of 2009 with the strongest proof yet that our ONE Ford plan is working. We reported full year 2009 net income of $2.7 billion, which was the company's first full year of positive net income since 2005 and a $17.5 billion improvement over the previous year. We achieved a pre-tax operating profit, excluding special items, of $472 million in 2009, which was a $7.3 billion improvement over 2008. (See page 22 for a listing of special items in 2009 and 2008.) We still face significant challenges, but by following the ONE Ford plan we put in place three and a half years ago we are forging a path toward profitable growth. Our plan remains unchanged:  ·   Aggressively restructure to operate profitably at the current lower demand and the changing model mix.  ·   Accelerate the development of high-quality, fuel-efficient, safe new products that customers want and value.  ·  Finance our plan and improve our balance sheet.  ·  Work together as one team, leveraging our global assets. ONE Ford helped us achieve profitability and grow our business despite a global recession. In every part of the world we are providing customers with great products, building a stronger business and contributing to a better world. Great Products In 2007 we created a single global product development organization to maximize economies of scale and share best practices and ideas. That allows us to fully leverage our resources so that we can offer a full range of vehicles with the best quality, fuel-efficiency, safety, smart design and value. Taking full advantage of our global scale and talent to build products customers want and value is already paying off for us in markets around the world. And within the next four years, all Ford vehicles competing in global product segments will be common in North America, South America, Europe and Asia Pacific Africa. In 2009 our strong products drove full year market share gains in North America, Europe and South America while maintaining share in the rapidly growing Asia Pacific Africa region. In the U.S., Ford F-Series was the best-selling truck for the 33rd year in a row in 2009. In the utilities segment, the Ford brand was the top-selling brand of crossovers in the U.S., led by the Ford Escape. Every consumer metric about the Ford brand ­ including favorable opinion, consideration, shopping and intention to buy ­ ended the year at record levels. Full-year total market share was 15.3 percent, more than one point higher than 2008, marking the company's first full-year U.S. market share increase since 1995. In Canada, Ford was the best-selling brand in 2009, and the Ford F-Series was the best-selling truck for the 44th year in a row. Led by the Fiesta, Focus and Ka, Ford strengthened its position

We are transforming our company and our products to keep pace with a rapidly changing world. We are proud of our achievements, but also fully aware that in a fiercely competitive global economy there is no room for complacency. The fact that our plan is working will not slow us down ­ rather, it will inspire us to move faster and farther. Thank you for your continued support of our efforts.

William Clay Ford, Jr. Executive Chairman March 4, 2010
2 Ford Motor Company | 2009 Annual Report

as Europe's second highest-selling brand in 2009. Ford Europe's market share of 9.1 percent was a half point increase for the year and set an 11-year high. In South America, Ford Brazil achieved its best ever full-year sales in 2009 by selling 325,000 vehicles, a 15 percent increase over the previous year. Ford Asia Pacific Africa's sales were up 14 percent in 2009, and set a full-year record. Ford sales in China, up 45 percent, led the increase in the region. More great products are on the way this year, including the new Ford Fiesta in the U.S., freshened versions of the Ford S-MAX and Galaxy in Europe, and the new Ford Figo in India. Strong Business Ford has completed major cost reduction actions over the past four years to substantially restructure its business, including personnel levels, facilities and related costs, and the settlement of the United Auto Workers retiree health care Voluntary Employee Beneficiary Association (VEBA) agreement. We also obtained capital and liquidity ahead of the financial market crisis, which helped us maintain our investments in new products during a difficult economic period. In 2009, we achieved $5.1 billion in Automotive structural cost reductions, exceeding our target of $4 billion. For the full year, Automotive operating-related cash flow was negative $300 million; an improvement of $19.2 billion over 2008. We finished the year with $25.5 billion in Automotive gross cash, which was up from $23.8 billion at the end of the third quarter of 2009.

Ford Motor Credit Company reported net income of $1.3 billion in 2009, an improvement of $2.8 billion from a net loss of $1.5 billion a year earlier. Contributing to this improvement was the non-recurrence of an impairment charge for operating leases and lower depreciation expense for leased vehicles due to higher resale values. Our intense focus on improving our cost structure and strengthening our balance sheet will continue going forward. Among other actions, we anticipate completing the sale of Volvo Cars to Zhejiang Geely Holding Group Co. Ltd. in the second quarter of 2010.

´ ONE Ford DNA and Global Vehicle Strategy

2011 Ford Fiesta

"Ford knows that customer wants and needs are converging globally, and to that end, the customer is at the center of the company's strategy to bring new global vehicles to market. The next generation of small cars created under the ONE Ford approach are engineered not just to meet the standards of customers the world over but to surprise and delight with their high level of feature content. They are great to look at, great to sit in and great to drive, too." - Derrick Kuzak, Ford group vice president, Global Product Development

Ford's Global Product Strategy is focused on five key areas: · Driving quality ­ Building on a dynamic heritage to define a truly engaging driving experience. · Fuel economy ­ Delivering on our commitment to be unsurpassed in providing fuel-efficient vehicles, which is becoming increasingly important to customers. · Technology ­ The next-generation small cars are loaded with intuitive and intelligent features until now found only in larger, more premium vehicles. · Safety ­ Engineering to global safety standards. · Craftsmanship ­ Material selection and fit-and-finish take a major step forward. Interior quietness bests the competition and then some.
Ford Motor Company | 2009 Annual Report 3

Better World Great companies are driven by purpose as well as profit. Ford has a proud heritage of improving people's lives and making their world a better place. We want to build on this heritage by being a good neighbor locally and a trusted corporate citizen globally, operating responsibly and sustainably wherever we do business. A central element of our efforts is providing affordable fuel economy for millions of customers, not just expensive, low-volume niche vehicles. To do that we have introduced innovative fuel-saving technologies across a wide range of vehicles. We now have more fuel-saving six-speed transmissions on the road than any other manufacturer. We are also the leading U.S.based producer of hybrid-electric vehicles, with record sales that were up 72 percent in 2009. The EcoBoostTM engine technology we introduced last year delivers up to 20 percent better fuel economy and will be offered on a wide range of vehicles with projected production reaching half a million annually in North America within 5 years. In that same time period, we will introduce a series of four new electric, next-generation hybrid and plug-in hybrid vehicles that use advanced lithium ion batteries. In 2009, a U.S. Environmental Protection Agency report showed that Ford Motor Company improved its combined car and truck fuel economy by nearly 20 percent during the 5-year period 2004-2009, almost double the improvement of the next closest competitor.

Giving back to the community also is an important part of our efforts to help build a better world. Ford Motor Company Fund and Community Services, our philanthropic organization, celebrated its 60th anniversary in 2009. Our Ford Volunteer Corps, which was established in 2005, encourages salaried employees to take two work days per year to serve as volunteers. Last year 16,000 Ford employees and retirees volunteered more than 77,000 hours to help people in their local communities. Looking Forward We are more convinced than ever that Ford has the right plan to lead us through near-term economic pressures and continue to deliver profitable growth. We expect to be profitable for the full year in 2010 on a pre-tax basis, excluding special items. That includes full year profitability for our Ford North America and total Automotive operations, with positive Automotive operating-related cash flow. The entire extended Ford team is absolutely committed to building on our progress and working together as a lean global enterprise focused on delivering great products. By doing that, we will create an exciting and viable company with profitable growth for all. As always, we thank you for your support of our efforts.

Alan R. Mulally President and Chief Executive Officer March 4, 2010

´ Ford's Senior Management Team

Ford's senior management team is continuing to implement the company's ONE Ford global plan. Pictured with the next-generation Ford Focus and the Ford Fiesta, from left to right:

Ray Day, Sue Cischke, Lewis Booth, Mike Bannister, Nick Smither, Mark Fields, Bennie Fowler, Alan Mulally, Derrick Kuzak, Joe Hinrichs, Jim Farley, John Fleming, Tony Brown, Ziad Ojakli, Felicia Fields and David Leitch.

4

Ford Motor Company | 2009 Annual Report

