" WE ARE ANTICIPATING NEW CHALLENGES AND OPPORTUNITIES THAT ARE EMERGING, SPECIFICALLY THOSE AROUND THE FUTURE OF TRANSPORTATION."

A Message from the Executive Chairman
In 2012 Ford Motor Company continued to go further to meet the needs of our customers, the challenges of our industry and the issues confronting our world. Our efforts produced strong financial results and our fourth year in a row of positive net income. We expect 2013 to be another strong year for our company. We anticipate our outstanding performance in North America will continue, with higher pre-tax profits than in 2012. We are refreshing our entire product line in South America and continuing to invest for growth in Asia Pacific Africa. The transformation of our European operations, which is aimed at achieving profitability under difficult economic conditions, is on track and ongoing. We will continue to focus on producing vehicles with bestin-class quality, fuel efficiency, safety, smart design and value ­ built on global platforms. They will help us toward our goal of increased global sales and market share, as well as support our ongoing commitment to reducing the environmental impact of our vehicles and operations. Our strong showing in the electrified vehicle market is a good example of how great products can help build a strong business as well as a better world. In 2012 we introduced six new electrified vehicles in North America, including hybrid, plug-in hybrid and pure battery electric models. By offering a variety of vehicles, we make it easier for customers to embrace fuel-saving technologies. As a result of our aggressive move into this growing segment we sold more hybrids in the U.S. in the fourth quarter of 2012 than in any other quarter in our history, and that strong momentum has continued in 2013.

Looking further ahead, we are anticipating new challenges and opportunities that are emerging, specifically those around the future of transportation. Currently there are a billion vehicles on the road worldwide, a number that is expected to double by 2020 and double again by midcentury. As the number of vehicles on the road continues to grow, mobility issues are expected to emerge in many major urban areas, potentially presenting a serious challenge to economic, social and environmental progress. To help address this issue, we are committed to being the automotive leader in wireless communication technology, developing vehicles that communicate with each other and the world around them to improve safety and reduce traffic congestion. As we move forward, our employees around the world continue to work together as a global team. We have a great plan, outstanding leadership and positive momentum. We are determined to keep going further so that we can continue rewarding our shareholders and all of our stakeholders. Thank you for your continued support of our efforts.

William Clay Ford, Jr. Executive Chairman March 14, 2013

2

Ford Motor Company | 2012 Annual Report

" OUR PROVEN ONE FORD PLAN PUT US ON THE PATH TO PROFITABLE GROWTH, AND WE ARE CONFIDENT IT WILL KEEP US ON THAT PATH GOING FORWARD."

A Message from the President and CEO
Ford Motor Company continued on our path to deliver profitable growth in 2012 by following our proven One Ford plan, despite the ongoing challenges in the global market. Along the way, we achieved several important milestones, including restoring Ford's investment grade status and reclaiming the Ford Blue Oval, resuming regular dividend payments to our shareholders and achieving 14 straight quarters of operating profit. In a strong North America market, we set full year records for pre-tax profit and operating margins. In South America, we are in the middle of launching a new global product lineup. In Europe, we responded to challenging economic conditions by beginning a transformation plan to aggressively accelerate our new product rollouts, strengthen our brand and restructure our manufacturing operations. In Asia Pacific Africa, we are undertaking an unprecedented investment program to grow our business in what is now the world's largest automotive market. The success of our One Ford plan to date gives us confidence that it will continue to create profitable growth for us in the future. We remain laser focused on the key aspects of our plan, which remain unchanged: · Aggressively restructure to operate profitably at the current demand and changing model mix. · Accelerate development of new products our customers want and value. · Finance our plan and improve our balance sheet. ·  Work together effectively as one team, leveraging our global assets. By following this plan, we will continue to build great products, a strong business and a better world.
For more information visit www.annualreport.ford.com

Great Products

The great products that we build at Ford drive our success. We launched 25 vehicles and 31 powertrains globally in 2012, a testament to our ongoing commitment to product development. We also announced plans to revitalize our Lincoln brand as the Lincoln Motor Company, which will introduce an exciting new lineup of great luxury vehicles. Our plan is centered on serving customers in all markets around the world with a full family of vehicles ­ small, medium and large; cars, utilities and trucks ­ that offer the very best quality, fuel efficiency, safety, smart design and value. The best way to measure the success of our products is sales, and 2012 was a strong year. We sold 2.3 million vehicles in the United States in 2012. Ford is the only brand to top the 2 million mark in the United States since 2007, and it has topped 2 million for 2 years in a row. In Asia Pacific Africa, we sold more than 1 million vehicles for the first time, including record sales in China. Our strong global performance was led by Focus, which was the best-selling nameplate in the world in 2012, and Fiesta, which was the best-selling B-Car in the world based on the latest global data. Ford also was the only brand to have three vehicles among the top 10 best-sellers worldwide, with the F-Series truck coming in as the fourth best-selling global nameplate. Leveraging key new technologies across multiple regions and on global platforms helps drive tremendous scale and efficiency savings that can be reinvested, enabling us to have one of the freshest showrooms in the industry. Our outstanding product lineup, which we are continually transforming and improving, is the foundation on which we have built our strong business.

Ford Motor Company | 2012 Annual Report 

3

Ford's Senior Management Team

Strong Business
Our 2012 full year pre-tax operating profit, excluding special items, was $8 billion, or $1.41 per share. We delivered record results of $8.3 billion in North America, continued solid performance from Ford Credit of $1.7 billion, positive results in South America, continued investment in Asia Pacific Africa and began a challenging transition in Europe. We remain committed to strengthening our balance sheet. We ended 2012 with Automotive gross cash of $24.3 billion, exceeding debt by $10 billion. We also have a strong liquidity position of $34.5 billion, an increase of $2.1 billion over 2011. We also worked to de-risk our pension obligations, contributing $3.4 billion in cash contributions to our worldwide funded plans. With an eye to the future, we continued our largest and fastest manufacturing expansion in more than 50 years, adding capacity to support growth plans in North America and Asia Pacific Africa. In 2012, we added more than 8,100 hourly and salaried jobs in the U.S. as we increased production capacity and expanded other areas to meet the growing demand for our fuel-efficient, high-tech vehicles. In Europe, we are moving quickly to carry out our transformation plan. As we did in North America, we are making tough choices and intelligent investments now to transform our European business for profitable growth in the future. Additionally, we further strengthened and developed our leadership team by announcing the appointment of our chief operating officer, a new chief financial officer, a new Global Product Development leader and senior leadership changes for the Americas, Europe, Asia Pacific, Ford Credit and our Lincoln Brand.

The senior management team continues to successfully advance the company's One Ford global plan. Pictured with the Ford Escape, all-new Transit Connect and Fiesta ST from left to right: Bob Shanks, Jim Farley, Ray Day, Tony Brown, Nick Smither, Felicia Fields, David Schoch, Stephen Odell, Mark Fields, Alan Mulally, Bernard Silverstone, Joe Hinrichs, Ziad Ojakli, Robert Brown, David Leitch, Bennie Fowler, Raj Nair and John Fleming.

4

Ford Motor Company | 2012 Annual Report

Better World
Even as we strive to improve our products and enhance our business, we recognize that doing our part to contribute to a better world is at the core of our business. In addition to economic goals, we also pursue environmental and social objectives. Ford is going further than our competitors by offering an industry-best seven Ford-brand vehicles in the U.S. that deliver 40 or more miles per gallon. We reached this milestone by developing the best conventional and alternative powertrains. In 2012, we produced our 500,000th fuel-saving EcoBoost engine just three years after its launch. We also introduced six new electrified vehicles, including hybrids, plug-in hybrids and a pure battery electric vehicle. We are giving customers the power of choice among a range of powertrains that generate fewer emissions and consume less gasoline. Serving in our communities is another important part of building a better world. In 2012, 25,000 Ford employees and retirees volunteered more than 115,000 hours at 1,350 projects to help people in their local communities. As part of that effort, our seventh annual Global Week of Caring featured 12,000 employees, retirees and dealers working on more than 300 community projects on six continents.

ONE FORD:

ONE Ford expands on the company's four-point business plan for achieving success globally. It encourages focus, teamwork and a single global approach, aligning employee efforts toward a common definition of success and optimizing their collective strengths worldwide. The elements of ONE Ford are:

ONE TEAM:

ONE Ford emphasizes the importance of working together as one team to achieve automotive leadership, which is measured by the satisfaction of our customers, employees and essential business partners, such as our dealers, investors, suppliers, unions/councils and communities.

ONE PLAN:

· Aggressively restructure to operate profitably at the current demand and changing model mix. · Accelerate development of new products our customers want and value. · Finance our plan and improve our balance sheet. · Work together effectively as one team.

ONE GOAL:

The goal of ONE Ford is to create an exciting and viable company delivering profitable growth for all.
Ford Motor Company | 2012 Annual Report  5

For more information visit www.annualreport.ford.com

Nine hundred Ford employees formed a human Ford logo outside Ford World Headquarters to celebrate the return of the "Blue Oval" and other assets that had been used as collateral to secure Ford's revolving credit facility. The celebration took place on May 22, 2012 after Fitch and Moody's Investor Service restored Ford's credit rating to investment grade.

Going Further
In the coming year, we expect global growth to continue, despite ongoing challenges in the external environment. We anticipate global economic growth in the 2 to 3 percent range, and global industry sales of 80 million to 85 million units. In North America, we expect our strong performance to continue, and we anticipate higher pre-tax profits than 2012, due to our strong Ford brand and products, the growing industry, a lean cost structure and our continued success in matching production with demand. Conditions in South America will be uneven, with some countries experiencing growth while others face increasing economic and political risks. We expect results in the region to be about breakeven in 2013, as the benefits of new global products will be tempered by the competitive environment and currency risks across the region that are expected to affect our profits adversely. Asia Pacific Africa also is expected to be about breakeven in 2013, as growing volume and revenue are offset by continued strong investment across the region. This investment will pay off as we look even further forward, and our goal is to have a full third of our global sales in Asia Pacific Africa by 2020. In Europe, we are working to deliver our European transformation plan, but we expect weak economic

conditions in several markets to extend into 2013 and industry volume to be lower in 2013 than 2012. As a result, we expect to incur another substantial loss in Europe in 2013. We believe that 2013 is likely the trough for European industry sales volume, and we expect industry sales volume and our results to begin to improve in 2014. Overall, we expect 2013 will be another strong year for the Ford Motor Company with pre-tax operating profit about equal to 2012, Automotive operating-related cash flow to be higher than 2012, and pre-tax profit for Ford Credit to be about the same as 2012. Our proven One Ford plan put us on the path to profitable growth, and we are confident it will keep us on that path going forward. As always, we thank you for your support of our efforts.

Alan R. Mulally President and Chief Executive Officer March 14, 2013

6

Ford Motor Company | 2012 Annual Report

