A Message from the Chairman William Clay Ford, Jr. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Driving Innovation: The Way Forward Ford Motor Company was solidly profitable and growing around the world in 2005. The major exception was our automotive operations in North America, where shortand long-term challenges continued to slow our progress. The next chapter in our history will be defined by our renewed commitment to innovation and our bold plan to address those challenges. We have recommitted ourselves to sustainable and profitable growth, to a renewed focus on our customers, and to boundless innovation in everything we do: from design, to safety, to fuel-efficiency, to efficiency on our factory floors. We are going to use our size to accelerate change, and build a culture that encourages fresh new thinking and breakthrough ideas. When I took over as CEO at the end of 2001, Ford Motor Company was unprofitable, losing more than $5 billion that year. In 2002, we launched a major effort to revitalize our company. We concentrated on improving our core automotive business. We divested several non-core companies, lowered our costs, refocused our financial operations on supporting our automotive business and launched the biggest wave of new products in our history. As a result, we have been profitable every year since 2003, including a net income of $2 billion in 2005.

Today our automotive operations in Europe, Asia and South America are all profitable, and our global brands are thriving. Mazda is enjoying its best performance ever. Aston Martin is expanding. Land Rover's largest-ever introduction of new products is winning in the marketplace. Jaguar is addressing its unique cost structure issues and bringing out groundbreaking new cars. And Volvo is entering its most aggressive product period ever, with five new models in 18 months. In parts of the world where the car market is growing sharply, so are we. We are doing especially well in Russia, Turkey and Hungary. Last October I traveled to India to help introduce Ford Fiesta, our most important new product there in years. Ford sales in China, the fastest growing market in the world, were up 46 percent in 2005. We are proud of our success around the world. But in our North American automotive operations, we lost money in 2005. Commodity prices, including oil and steel, rose sharply; competition from around the world intensified; and rising fuel prices caused demand for SUVs to drop sooner and faster than we had anticipated. We took a number of important steps in 2005 to address these issues. To strengthen our balance sheet and cut costs, we sold The Hertz Corporation and restructured our agreement with Visteon, our parts supplier spin-off. We reached an agreement with the UAW that will help us reduce health care costs in a reasonable way. We began a major rationalization of our supply base, identifying key suppliers to form partnerships that will provide for more stable relationships. But the conditions we confronted represented a turning point in our industry unlike anything we've experienced in the last 50 years. The automotive business had shifted, completely and permanently, to full-scale global competition. The days of unlimited, inexpensive gasoline are gone forever. It is time for a bold new approach that goes beyond anything we have done in the past.

Ford Motor Company Annual Report 2005

2

1

01 2

03 4

3

5

1 Bill Ford Chairman and CEO Bill Ford, against the backdrop of the living roof of the Dearborn Truck Plant in the Ford Rouge Center. 2 Ford Motor Credit Ford Motor Credit Company's Beth Stasko (left) demonstrates to Dean Adams and Rebecca Rodriguez of Tom Holzer Ford in Farmington Hills, Michigan, the new Electronic Tier Analysis (ETA) system, one of several innovative Web tools to make it easier for dealers to do business with Ford Motor Credit. ETA, which was piloted in 2005, enables dealers to evaluate and restructure loan offerings more quickly and at any time.
Ford Motor Company Annual Report 2005

3 China Changan Ford Automobile Co. Ltd. President and CEO Phil Spender (left) and Executive Vice President Zou Wenchao present the first made-inChina Ford Focus on Sept. 12, 2005, in Chongqing. Focus is the fourth Ford vehicle produced locally for the China market, following Transit, Fiesta and Mondeo. Ford sales in China were up 46 percent in 2005.

4 Ford Volunteer Corps Ford materials expediter Craig Glover works with many Detroit-area children in challenging circumstances as a volunteer for the Motor City Striders amateur track club. Ford volunteers in 2005 contributed to myriad causes, including a multimillion-dollar relief and recovery effort following Hurricanes Katrina and Rita, mentoring programs and environmental initiatives. The Ford Volunteer Corps recently celebrated its first anniversary.

5 India Rathinasabapathy Pushpalatha (center), a paint shop employee at Ford's assembly plant near Chennai, India, listens with other employees at a town hall meeting with Chairman and CEO Bill Ford in October 2005. During his visit to India, Ford also hosted the launch of a new Ford Fiesta developed specifically for that market by the company's global engineering team.

3

This plan will restore our North American automotive operations to profitability by 2008. It reflects lessons from our successes around the world ­ including Mazda, where Mark led a remarkable turnaround by telling his team: "Change or die." The Way Forward has similar strong medicine for our North American business. But it also contains the vision and strategic focus to rebuild the business, because we know we can't just cut our way to success. Along with our substantial cost restructuring, we are changing the business model that's existed for many decades at Ford. How will we do this? F-150 In 2005, Ford F-Series recorded its 24th straight year as America's best-selling First, we are taking a more far-sighted approach to vehicle with models such as the F-150 pickup. For 2006, Ford is offering an creating shareholder value. Because of the tremendous volatility ethanol-capable F-150, as well as Ford Crown Victoria, Mercury Grand Marquis of market conditions, we will no longer issue quarterly or annual and Lincoln Town Car with an option to run on a mixture of clean, renewable ethanol and gasoline. earnings guidance. We still have extremely rigorous targets for costs, capacity utilization and other traditional metrics. But we want to underscore an important point inside the company and So, in January 2006, we launched the most out: We cannot succeed in the long run if we're focused only on fundamental restructuring in our history, which we call the "Way the short term. Forward" plan. Developed by senior executives Mark Fields and Instead, we are guided by our long-term goals of Anne Stevens and their team, Way Forward is a comprehensive building brand, satisfying customers, developing strong plan for restructuring and reinvigorating our automotive business products and accelerating innovation. We also will be managing in North America. It touches every piece of our North American to allow our employees more freedom, to take smart risks business to make it more customer-focused, product-driven and and to demonstrate their creativity. Over time, we believe this efficient, including: approach will lead to sustainable profitability. You'll be able to judge our results as we report our progress. ­ A renewed commitment to bold design, improved safety Second, we're going to sharpen our focus on the and technological innovation to differentiate Ford Motor people who determine our success ­ our customers. We're Company and its products in the marketplace. going to go way beyond what we've ever done before at Ford ­ New product investments using Ford's global to find out what's on their minds. Our business decisions will architectures and scale to deliver more new products originate from our knowledge of what our customers want, both faster, including more crossovers, hybrid vehicles and today and tomorrow. We're going to figure out what they want new small cars, as well as increased spending to before they even know it, and we're going to give it to them. strengthen Ford's truck leadership and launch products In the past, our product decisions were sometimes in new segments to reach more customers. driven by plant capacity concerns. From now on, our ­ More clarity for the Ford, Lincoln and Mercury brands, products will be designed and built to satisfy customers, with a sharper focus on the customer and a clear point not just fill factories. of view that will appeal to more buyers. This is going to require change number three: We are ­ Pricing that is clear, credible and simple, which will unleashing our spirit of American innovation. To me, innovation is further improve residual values. seeing what others can't see, and using that vision to build what ­ North American capacity will be realigned to match others have never built. Innovation resolves contradictions and demand ­ with 14 manufacturing facilities to be idled ­ flattens old barriers. It's the heart of all progress. resulting in significant cost savings and reduced We have a proud history of innovation at Ford. It is what employment of 25,000-30,000. Capacity will be built our company and made it great. Innovation helped reduced by 1.2 million units, or 26 percent, by 2008, us create the first affordable car and put the world on which represents the majority of actions within the plan's wheels. We are going to reclaim this legacy to build a distinct 2006-2012 period. competitive advantage. ­ Salary-related costs cut 10 percent in North America, We will use innovation to drive the bold American with the reduction of the equivalent of 4,000 salaried designs of our cars and trucks, giving them the uniquely positions by the end of the first quarter 2006. In American look and feel that reflect our country's spirit, ingenuity addition, the company's officer ranks are being reduced and sense of adventure. 12 percent by the end of the first quarter. ­ Material cost reductions, excluding special items, of at least $6 billion by 2010.* ­ A new low-cost manufacturing site is planned for the future.

*At constant volume, mix and exchange, and net of new product content and regulatory changes.
Ford Motor Company Annual Report 2005 4

We also will use innovation to drive breakthrough advances in safety. Ford and Volvo engineers are exemplifying that by working together on safety features such as a new collision-avoidance system, night-enhanced vision and the nextgeneration air bag. The 2006 Ford Five Hundred and Mercury Montego with optional side air bags, were the world's only large sedans to earn the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety's highest "Top Safety Pick-Gold" rating. The chassis of these vehicles was co-designed by Ford and Volvo engineers. Finally, American innovation will drive our new advances in fuel-efficiency, to offset high gas prices and reduce our impact on the environment and dependence on foreign oil. Currently, we are offering four new flexible-fuel vehicles for 2006 that run on a mixture of gasoline and ethanol, a renewable resource, including the Ford F-150 pickup truck. By 2010, more than half our Ford, Lincoln and Mercury products will have hybrid capability. We will have the capacity to produce up to a quarter of a million hybrids a year, and scale up as the market demands. A good example of innovation in action is Ford Escape Hybrid. Escape was the first hybrid ever designed, engineered and built by an American automaker. It generated more than a hundred patents as well as new design techniques that we are using now to develop other products. The Ford Rouge Center in Michigan is another example of where innovation will take us. Despite cynicism and institutional barriers, we built the most progressive assembly plant in the world at the Rouge. It marries lean, flexible and environmentally responsible manufacturing to produce America's best-selling vehicle, the F-Series truck. Over time, the Rouge will save us many millions of dollars, not just because of its plant-covered roof, but in energy costs for heating, cooling and lighting. Projects like these are going to be the rule at Ford, not the exception. We are moving from a culture that discourages innovation back to a company that celebrates it. As part of that effort, we recently sent out a mailing to 120,000 U.S. dealers, employees and retirees asking for ideas. We also launched an innovation Web site in November to solicit ideas from employees. In its first month, we received more than 1,000 ideas, and we are following up on some very promising ones. We also are going to design compensation plans that reward new thinking. This company was founded by an innovator; we want to make sure that today the company is overflowing with innovators. We will find them, encourage them and reward them.

This is what it is going to be like at Ford: far-sighted, customer-focused and innovative. The Way Forward has already begun, and the proof is in our products. In 2005, for the first time since 1993, we gained car market share in the U.S. That gain was due to strong sales of a number of great new products such as Ford Mustang, Five Hundred and Fusion; Mercury Montego and Milan; and Lincoln Zephyr. We also had the best-selling crossover utility vehicle (CUV) in the U.S., Ford Escape, and increased our total CUV sales by 28 percent. Ford F-Series was the best-selling truck in the U.S. for the 29th year in a row, selling more than 900,000 units for the second straight year. We have more great products on the way. We have a comprehensive and realistic plan to move us forward. And we have the dedicated and talented people of Ford Motor Company determined to deliver outstanding results. All of which gives me great confidence in our future. Addressing the challenges we face, particularly in North America, is going to be difficult and at times painful. Winning will require sacrifices by the people of Ford, and there will be fewer of us in the future than there are today. We take these tough actions with a sense of compassion and gratitude for those who have served us with all their hearts. But we are pressing ahead rapidly for the good of all of our stakeholders. We are embarked on a journey that will be seen as a turning point in our history. We are determined to seize our heritage of innovation and emerge stronger than we've ever been. Thank you for your support.

William Clay Ford, Jr. Chairman and CEO March 9, 2006

Ford Motor Company Annual Report 2005

5

