                                                    March 30, 2016
TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS:
First American’s vision is to be the premier title insurance and settlement services company. To accomplish that, we strive to be the best place to work for our employees, provide the best service to our customers and deliver industry-leading returns to you, our stockholders. I firmly believe that engaged employees will provide a superior experience for our customers. Satisfied customers will, in turn, give us more business and, if we run the business efficiently, we’ll deliver strong returns to our stockholders. It’s a simple formula that begins with our people. That’s why I’m proud that First American was recognized by Fortune® as one of the “100 Best Companies to Work For” in 2016.
Overall, 2015 was a good year for First American. We ended the year with $5.2 billion in total revenue, an increase of 11 percent from 2014, thanks in part to improving real estate markets that drove higher purchase, refinance and commercial activity. Our ongoing focus on operational efficiency enabled us to exceed our expense management goals, helping to drive net income per diluted share to $2.62, up nearly 22 percent over the prior year. The corporation’s return on equity of 10.8 percent and the title segment’s margin of 10.2 percent were both in line with the 10-to-12 percent long-term objective we set for each of these key metrics at our investor event in May. And, in 2015, our total return to shareholders was 8.8 percent, outpacing the 1.4 percent return for the S&P 500.
Our Title Insurance and Services segment reported revenues of $4.8 billion in 2015, up more than 11 percent over the prior year. Both our direct and agency operations showed solid revenue growth, and our National Commercial Services group had another record year. Our international operations also posted strong results, with revenue growth in all of our markets.
In October 2015, implementation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s TILA-RESPA Integrated Disclosure rule, referred to as “Know Before You Owe,” dramatically transformed the way in which residential real estate transactions are processed. I’m proud of our title operation’s successful response to this change, which required more than a year of extensive preparation. After initial delays, which were expected, our direct title transactions returned to their typical closing timeframes by the end of the year. The thousands of independent title agents that operate across the country also faced the challenge of implementing the integrated disclosure rule and, while many of them continue to report delays, we are confident that as the rule matures, agents will fully adapt. While we continue to refine our processes, we believe that as the new settlement practices become a routine part of our operations, they’ll enhance the consumer experience and continue to position us as a trusted partner with lenders and real estate professionals.
Our Specialty Insurance segment ended 2015 with $394 million in revenues, up 6.8 percent from the prior year, driven by record volume in our home warranty company. The segment’s pretax margin came in at 10.0 percent, compared with 14.4 percent the prior year. The margin decline was attributable in part to low claims losses during the unusually mild summer weather that benefited our home warranty group in 2014, and to major weather-related events that impacted our property and casualty company in 2015. Additionally, both companies had higher claims experience due to growth initiatives during the year and have plans in place to improve margins in 2016.
CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
We continue to follow a consistent capital management strategy focused on investing in our title and settlement services business, acquiring companies that strengthen our competitive position and returning capital to our stockholders.

We invested $124 million in the business in 2015, primarily related to software development projects across the company. A portion of the investment went toward technology and training to prepare our people to work within the new integrated disclosure rule. We also continued to invest in the expansion of our real property database—a successful effort that propelled us to the number-one industry position in data coverage. In our ongoing effort to strengthen our title presence, we acquired three title agencies in 2015, the most significant of which was TitleVest, an agency in our key New York market.
In January of 2016, we reaffirmed our commitment to return capital to stockholders when our board of directors, based on our positive, long-term outlook, approved a 4 percent increase in our common stock dividend.
Our operating cash flow grew 53 percent from 2014 to 2015 and we’ve maintained significant financial flexibility with the full $700 million still available on our credit line. Our strong balance sheet, with a debt-to- capital ratio of 17.5 percent, puts us in a good position to deploy capital when future opportunities present themselves.
OUR STRATEGY
Strategically, we remain focused on:
• Maximizing long-term profitability in our title and settlement business by gaining profitable market
share and driving operating efficiencies
In 2015, revenue growth coupled with disciplined expense management resulted in continued improvement in our margins and profitability. While our market share declined somewhat during the year, we continue to pursue profitable market share growth, including “tuck-in” acquisitions with attractive risk-adjusted returns.
• Expanding and leveraging data to strengthen our title and settlement business and pursue new opportunities
In 2015, following several years of expansion efforts, our database of real property information became the largest in the industry, covering the vast majority of the U.S. population. And, since our own title and settlement services businesses are critically reliant on this data, no one expects and demands higher quality than we do. Our databases and new data products are making it easier for our title company to identify potential fraud, manage risk and strengthen customer service. As we look forward, we believe our data will drive further efficiencies in our title production processes. And, while we’re focused on our own use of this data, we’re also using it to actively develop innovative new products and services for our customers.
• Manage complementary businesses in ways that support or expand our title and settlement business
We continue to explore ways in which our complementary businesses can help either to drive efficiencies in our title business, like those we have realized as a result of the collaboration between our trust company and our title operations, or to better serve our common customers, such as the offering of home warranties and homeowners’ insurance policies as part of the settlement services process.
LOOKING AHEAD
We expect that the housing market will continue to be a key driver of the nation’s steadily improving economy in 2016. Most forecasts predict continued growth in the residential purchase market this year, consistent with our expectation for continued increases in both transaction volume and home prices. A significant decline in refinance activity is also forecasted in 2016, driven by an anticipated increase in interest rates. While we can more easily manage to gradual interest rate changes, we’re well prepared to respond to any rate environment.
Growth in our residential purchase orders was lower than expected in the first two months of 2016, but we’re optimistic that the market will pick up as we head into the spring selling season. The commercial market

also remains favorable, though we expect moderation from the double-digit growth we’ve experienced over the past few years. We also anticipate our loss provision to decline in 2016, as reserves required for challenging legacy policy years decrease and the favorable claims experience we’ve had since 2010 continues. And, while we’re optimistic about the future, our significant financial flexibility makes us well positioned to respond to disruptions and capitalize on opportunities in the marketplace.
In July, we announced the appointment of Meg McCarthy to the company’s board of directors. Meg brings to our board deep experience in technology and service operations. The insights she’s gained from her experience managing large groups of employees, complex processes and enterprise-critical technology are already proving to be of great value to First American.
Last year was a good one for our company. We are well positioned for continued success in 2016 and for the long term. A strengthening real estate market, our continued vigilance on efficiency and, most importantly, the dedication of our people, contributed to First American’s strong performance in 2015 and we expect these factors to positively impact our performance this year. Together with our board, I thank you for your support and look forward to the opportunities ahead.
Dennis J. Gilmore Chief Executive Officer
 