                                                   April 3, 2013
TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
2012 was a successful year for First American. Strong refinance and commercial activity, combined with the beginning stages of recovery for the residential purchase market, drove our total revenue to $4.5 billion, a 19 percent increase over 2011. Additionally, the leverage we gained from the streamlined, cost-efficient operations we built over the past few years pushed our net income to $2.77 per share, up from $0.73 last year.
Of greatest note was the improvement in our title margins and the company’s return on equity. In mid-2010, we set the challenging goal for our title segment to deliver a pretax margin of 8 to 10 percent by year-end 2012. I’m proud to say that we exceeded this, delivering an 11.3 percent margin – our best margin since the 2006 peak of the mortgage cycle, when the nation’s mortgage originations were double what they were in 2012. We also set a goal for the company to achieve a return on equity of 10 to 12 percent. I’m pleased to report that we surpassed this, as well, ending the year with a 13.8 percent return.
Throughout the year, we stayed focused on the company’s long-term objectives, which include pursuing profitable growth, improving the customer experience, developing our employees, and continuing to operate efficiently. Our focus on these priorities contributed to a 94 percent total return to stockholders in 2012, including the doubling of our annual dividend to $0.48 per share. In short, it was great year for stockholders.
SEGMENT HIGHLIGHTS
Title Insurance and Services
2012 revenues for our Title Insurance and Services segment totaled $4.2 billion, up 19 percent from the prior year. Continued low interest rates and the federal government’s Home Affordable Refinance Program (HARP) helped to keep the refinance market strong. Our purchase business, which generates a higher title premium per transaction as compared to refinance transactions, started to grow again – a positive sign that the real estate market is recovering. Our commercial business was also strong, with revenues up 24 percent year-over-year.
Our title production was improved by new technologies and processes put into place in 2012. For example, we implemented a significant enhancement to our title production platform that enables further automation of the title underwriting process. Defined business rules now let us complete the title search and exam process more efficiently and consistently. As a result, we were able to process the increase in open orders during the year without adding to our production personnel expenses. In an effort to further enhance underwriting, we also established a special team that has successfully employed advanced methods and tools to identify transactions impacted by constantly changing fraud practices.
In 2012, we completed an effort to significantly expand our title plant footprint. Our title plants – searchable databases that contain transaction and ownership information on real property – now cover more than 500 counties, or 70 percent of U.S. real estate transactions, solidly positioning us as the largest provider of this type of data. Our title operations use these databases within our title search process, reducing cost and risk through improved accuracy. We also generate revenue through the sale of this information to third-party title providers and other real estate-related businesses across the nation.
Specialty Insurance
Our Specialty Insurance segment’s revenues rose to $315 million in 2012, a healthy increase of 10 percent from 2011. This growth, combined with a favorable loss ratio and continued expense management, resulted in a segment pretax margin of 15.1 percent, up from 13.9 percent in the prior year.
  
Within this segment, both our home warranty and property and casualty businesses benefitted from the improving purchase market. The home warranty group realized increased sales through our real estate channel, while continuing its direct-to-consumer purchase and renewal efforts. Our property and casualty business made enhancements to its marketing strategy that are expected to drive premium growth over the next several years.
CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
Throughout the year, our approach to capital management remained consistent as we focused on investing in our core business, making strategic acquisitions, and returning capital to our stockholders.
Our improved profitability, coupled with a decline in paid title claims, drove a meaningful increase in our operating cash flow to $430 million, up over 200 percent relative to last year. Given our strong cash flow and outlook for the business, we doubled our annual dividend in 2012 to $0.48 per share.
During the year, we also strengthened our financial flexibility. In April, the company entered into a new, four- year $600 million revolving credit facility to enhance our liquidity position. And in early 2013, we completed a $250 million offering of 10-year, 4.3 percent senior notes, which we used to fully pay down our credit facility.
During 2012, we sold our remaining position in CoreLogic common stock for a net gain of $40.4 million. At year end, the company’s debt-to-capital ratio was a conservative 9 percent, or 12 percent on a pro forma basis following the recent debt offering. We entered 2013 with significantly improved financial flexibility to execute on our growth and capital management strategies.
LEADERSHIP
I would like to acknowledge two gentlemen for their valuable contributions to First American as they now retire from our board of directors. Lewis (Pete) Douglas Jr., known for his wit, wisdom and deep insight, helped to shape First American for nearly five decades. The Hon. William G. Davis helped us to navigate the Canadian marketplace during more than 20 years on our board. We thank them both for their skillful guidance and support of First American.
We are pleased to welcome Tony Anderson and Mark Oman to our board. Tony joined us in November, after serving in key positions at Ernst & Young LLP for 35 years. His financial background and leadership experience will prove valuable as we focus on our company’s growth strategies. Mark joined our board in March, 2013, following more than 30 years with Wells Fargo & Company. His insights into the mortgage industry and the needs of our customers will help us in our efforts to grow our core businesses and improve our customers’ experience.
A significant management change also took place in March, 2013, as Mark Seaton was promoted to chief financial officer of First American Financial Corporation. Mark began his career with us in 2006, most recently serving as senior vice president of finance. His experience overseeing our company’s financial planning, treasury, investment, and investor relations activities, along with his strategic-planning abilities, makes Mark an ideal choice for the CFO role. He succeeds Max Valdes, who has served the company well for 25 years. Max has exhibited strong leadership and played a critical role in implementing many of the initiatives that led to our company’s improved financial performance. While his good counsel will be missed, we’re pleased that Max will remain with First American through March of 2014 to assist with the transition.
OBJECTIVES
2012 was a pivotal year for First American. It was the first full year in which we shifted from streamlining and stabilizing our operations to now focusing on our company’s growth. Throughout its history, First American has taken a prudent, long-term view of the market and set our corporate objectives accordingly. The multi-year approach we’re taking with our current priorities follows suit.

Grow our Company
We’re focused on growing our company by increasing profitable market share within key customer groups and geographic markets. As part of this effort, we’ve initiated an aggressive recruitment campaign to attract the top customer-focused employees to our company. We expect this to pay dividends in 2013 and for years to come. We’re also taking steps to strengthen our customer relationships, and have integrated enhanced methods for measuring and monitoring our activities that increase accountability and encourage sales.
We’re pursuing strategic acquisitions within our core title and settlement services businesses. Acquisitions made in 2012, for example, increased our presence in Texas, California, and Minnesota. Additionally, our purchase of the leading mortgage processing business in Australia provides a foundation to help us grow our business in that market.
Improve the Customer Experience
We continue to make it easier for customers to do business with us through customer-facing technology solutions. Our innovative myFirstAmTM technology, with approximately 20,000 active users, helps to streamline real estate professionals’ interaction with us via desktop computer or mobile device. Similarly, our AgentNet® technology, a one-stop portal that enhances interaction and productivity with our title agents, is now integrated with all of the industry’s leading production software. We’ve also implemented training programs across the organization that are designed to help our people provide a truly superior customer experience. By making processes better and easier for our customers, we’re increasing our ability to earn and keep their business.
Develop our Employees
We remain committed to being the industry’s employer of choice, recruiting and retaining the best people in the business. To do so, we’ve enhanced our skill-building programs, leadership development training, and company- driven eLearning courses. And late in 2012, we launched a new, progressive employee Intranet that is rapidly increasing communication and best-practice sharing, while streamlining processes, across the company.
Operate Efficiently and Profitably
For several years preceding 2012, we took substantive steps to successfully drive efficiencies and manage expenses across the company. While our focus is now on growing the company, we continue to control costs and operate efficiently, giving us the leverage to deliver strong profit margins. When the market normalizes and purchase transactions dominate the title order mix, we believe there is even more opportunity for margin improvement.
LOOKING AHEAD
The Mortgage Bankers Association forecasts that the mortgage origination market will drop 18 percent in 2013 to $1.4 trillion. But the impact of this decline on First American will likely be significantly offset by the change in order mix – the number of purchase transactions on which we earn higher premiums is going up, while lower- premium refinance activity is slowing. We believe market conditions will continue to improve with mortgage interest rates still near all-time lows, housing affordability near an all-time high, delinquency and foreclosure activity continuing to decline, and home values rising. We expect continued strength in the commercial market, a relatively high-margin business for our title company, as well.
While these conditions are favorable for our company, there is still uncertainty in the long-term interest rate environment and the regulatory landscape, which could slow the housing market. Regardless of how the market environment unfolds, however, we remain confident that we are well positioned to operate efficiently and profitably.
I want to acknowledge all of our employees for their hard work over the past few years to create the efficient and effective operations we enjoy today, and for the many new initiatives they’re now working on to move our company forward. As I write this letter, I’m also proud to share that Forbes® recently included First American in its list of the 100 most trustworthy companies in America. All of us at First American are honored to be recognized as good stewards of our company.

Throughout 2013, we’ll continue to focus on our priorities to grow our company, improve the customer experience, develop our employees, and operate efficiently and profitably. And we remain committed to being the premier title and settlement services company in the U.S. and key markets abroad.
Together with the board of directors, I thank you for your support and look forward to the opportunities ahead.
Dennis J. Gilmore Chief Executive Officer
 