                                                   April 11, 2011
TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
The past year was an important one for First American Financial Corporation for two key reasons. First, we improved pretax margins in our title insurance business despite lower revenues caused by a 20 percent decline in mortgage originations. This margin improvement was accomplished as a result of our continued focus on maintaining an efficient cost structure. Total revenues in 2010 were $3.9 billion, generating earnings of $1.20 per diluted share and cash flow from operations of $155.5 million.
Second, on June 1, 2010, First American Financial became an independent company as part of a spin-off transaction. The spin-off allows us to enhance our focus on providing title insurance and related settlement services. Importantly, we believe the Company is well positioned in its industry given our conservative balance sheet, market leadership, scalable production platform, and our talented, highly engaged employees.
SEGMENT HIGHLIGHTS
Title Insurance and Services
Our Title Insurance and Services segment experienced a volatile year. Resale transactions were stronger early in the year, driven by the homebuyer tax credit. However, once the tax credit expired in April, resale transactions declined for the remainder of the year. Refinance transactions grew steadily beginning in May, as low interest rates took hold, driving refinance activity higher in the second half of the year. This refinance activity, coupled with strong earnings from our commercial title business, resulted in our highest fourth quarter earnings since 2006.
In 2010, we continued our focus on driving efficiencies in our business such as combining our New York underwriter into our primary title insurance underwriter. Over the last two years, we merged or eliminated 16 title underwriters, which has reduced complexity and administrative costs. In addition, we made good progress on efforts to streamline the closing process. Importantly, our initiative to improve the profitability of our agent channel by adjusting agent premium splits began to show results in the fourth quarter. We also continued to optimize distribution between our direct and agent channels in a number of markets. Finally, we began to develop new technology-based solutions that will make it easier for our customers to do business with us.
Our commercial title business performed well in 2010, with revenues up 35 percent over 2009. Beginning in late 2009, we experienced a pickup in distressed sales in certain markets, which extended to most geographic markets throughout the year. While a large percentage of commercial transactions were distressed, we also saw a healthy increase in buy-sell activity with a number of large deals and trophy properties closing as the year progressed. At this point, we anticipate further measured growth as the commercial market continues to improve in 2011.
During 2010, our national lender and default businesses were rebranded under the name First American Mortgage Services. Our national lender business had good results and gained market share in 2010, providing title insurance and settlement services to national lenders in their direct-to-consumer refinance channel. Our default business continued to be a meaningful contributor to our earnings, despite a nearly 30 percent decline in revenue. For a number of reasons, the backlog of properties in foreclosure has continued into 2011, which will likely extend the period of heightened activity in this business.
Specialty Insurance
Our Specialty Insurance segment performed well, achieving a pretax margin of 15 percent on revenues that were up 3 percent compared with 2009. The home warranty business, which currently operates in 39 states, is now focused on pursuing disciplined growth, with an emphasis on the direct-to-consumer marketing channel. Our

property and casualty insurance business delivered strong results again this year, driven by a favorable loss ratio of 53 percent, despite experiencing high claim losses as a result of an unusually severe hailstorm in Arizona during the fourth quarter.
CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
In 2010, we began to identify and evaluate strategic acquisition opportunities in our core business and closed on two small acquisitions. The first, NAZCA Solutions Inc., supports our overall data strategy and accelerates our current initiative to expand title plant coverage. It also enhances our ability to develop and deliver data solutions that serve a broader set of title information customers. The second, Nationwide Posting & Publication Inc., is a leading regional company in the posting and publishing of trustee sale notices that fits well with our current default business.
We ended the year with a conservative debt-to-total capital ratio of 12.8 percent. In addition, we further strengthened the capital position at our primary title insurance underwriter, which provides strong financial support for our residential and commercial title businesses.
We expect to maintain our conservative balance sheet, as we believe it appropriately positions us for the uncertain market conditions ahead. We intend to follow a disciplined approach to capital management that entails balancing value-creating investments in our title and settlement services business with the alternative of returning capital to stockholders through dividends and share repurchases. As part of this process, a new $150 million share repurchase program was approved by our board of directors in March 2011.
LEADERSHIP
In August, we made two senior executive appointments. Max O. Valdes was named chief financial officer and Mark E. Seaton was appointed senior vice president, finance. Both Max and Mark have been key contributors to the success of First American and their expertise and experience will prove invaluable as we continue our efforts to grow our business and improve financial performance.
In March 2011, as part of our board’s efforts to augment the skills of its current membership, in particular by adding members with significant, recent operating experience, two new members were appointed to the Company’s board of directors: Michael D. McKee and Thomas V. McKernan. McKee is currently the chief executive officer of Brentall Kennedy U.S., which provides real estate investment advisory services. Prior to that, McKee held executive-level positions at the Irvine Company, a leading real estate company in Orange County, California. McKernan is currently chief executive officer of the Automobile Club of Southern California, a position he has held since 1991.
While the process of improving operating efficiencies is never done, we believe our cost structure is largely optimized for the current mortgage and real estate markets. As such, we are renewing our commitment to profitable growth by delivering superior service and solutions to our customers, investing in technology, and maintaining a disciplined approach to capital management—all with the goal of creating value for our shareholders.
We are optimistic about our prospects given signs the real estate market is likely to bottom out this year and given our favorable competitive position in the industry. However, we are prepared to operate in a significantly lower mortgage origination market that 2011 may bring us.
We appreciate your support and look forward to continued success ahead. Dennis J. Gilmore
 Chief Executive Officer
