                                                   April 11, 2012
TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
2011 was an encouraging year for our Company. Continued improvements in our operating efficiency, strong commercial activity, and a robust refinance market partially mitigated the effects of continued weakness in new and existing residential home sales.
The Company generated revenues of $3.8 billion during the year, with both of our reporting segments profitable. Even in a challenging market in which industry mortgage originations were down 20 percent, we realized a revenue decline of just 2 percent from 2010.
We finished the year with net income of $0.73 per diluted share, including $0.43 in reserve charges, compared to $1.20 per diluted share in 2010. These full-year earnings were below our expectations due to charges taken in connection with a Canadian guaranteed valuation product and settlement of a lawsuit brought by Bank of America. Our fourth-quarter earnings were strong and showed positive momentum going into 2012.
Our results in 2011 benefited from our efforts over the past four years to simplify, centralize, and standardize our operations, creating efficiencies that give us a competitive advantage. We also continued our commitment to expense management, with efforts that included the completion of a $40 million annualized cost-reduction initiative within the shared services group. We made progress in our various efforts to enhance our profitability in the title agency channel, including the improvement of our agent splits by 30 basis points.
While we continue to drive efficiencies and manage expenses, we’ve also started to turn our focus to strategies designed to grow the Company and continue our margin improvement. We’re optimistic about our business over the next few years and believe that our growth strategy, coupled with the substantial inroads we’ve made into making our Company more efficient, will deliver shareholder value.
SEGMENT HIGHLIGHTS
Title Insurance and Services
Our Title Insurance and Services segment’s 2011 revenues totaled $3.5 billion, down 2 percent from the prior year. Of note was the performance of our commercial title business, which had revenues that were up 21 percent from last year. Our title operations in Canada drove a rebound in our international division, where revenues climbed by 8 percent year over year. Our resale business, however, was impacted by continued weakness in the residential market, including a particularly weak spring selling season that traditionally brings increased activity. This was partially offset by an increase in refinance activity late in the year. In addition, our results benefited from the fact that we offer products and services across all key markets—including residential resale and refinance, commercial, default, homebuilder, and international—providing us with some measure of diversification.
Title claims activity remained elevated during the year for both our Company and the industry. Over the next few years, we expect our claims activity to decline as the policies written at the peak of the mortgage cycle become seasoned.
 
Specialty Insurance
 Our Specialty Insurance segment produced a healthy 13.6 percent margin, even as its revenue was essentially flat at $287 million. We’re pleased that both our home warranty and property and casualty insurance businesses continued to successfully adjust to changing market conditions.
Our home warranty group’s revenues were up 2 percent. This was driven by strong growth in the direct-to-consumer channel in which we market home warranty contracts for both initial purchase and renewal. Our property and casualty group’s revenues decreased by 3 percent. It benefited, however, from revenue growth in its product line for renters.
These companies are performing well and continue to complement our title businesses.
CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
We believe we have a strong capital position, which is an advantage as more of our clients and insureds examine counter-party credit risk. We balance this strong capital position with our commitment to create value for our stockholders. In 2011, our board of directors authorized a $150 million share repurchase program and, beginning in the first quarter of 2012, a 33 percent increase in our regular quarterly dividend.
Our debt-to-capital ratio was 12.8 percent at year end, which is low by historical standards. This provides us with the financial flexibility to execute our strategic and capital management objectives. We continue to hold a high- quality investment portfolio, with 99 percent of our debt securities having an investment-grade rating. Despite difficult market conditions and an elevated claims environment, we generated $134 million of operating cash flow in 2011. Financial strength is an important element of our business and we believe we are well positioned in this regard.
LEADERSHIP
We made some important management changes in our Title segment late in the year, putting some of our best leaders in positions to further drive growth and operational effectiveness.
Chris Leavell was appointed chief operating officer of our domestic title operations to bring a consistent, day-to-day focus on these businesses’ strategies and processes, and to continue our efficiency gains while pursuing profitable growth. Chris joined us in 1997 and previously served in leadership positions in a number of our businesses, successfully driving efficiency in each.
In her new position of Division President of Centralized Businesses, Sally French Tyler, who heads our national commercial services business, has also taken on leadership of our mortgage services group. Sally brings strong customer relations and marketing expertise to these businesses. Additionally, Larry Davidson was named Division President of Specialized Groups. Already overseeing our professional real estate services and home warranty businesses, Larry has now taken on the added responsibility for our database services operations.
Rich Cannan was promoted to division president of our eastern division. Rich has more than 20 years of experience in the title business and a comprehensive understanding of the agent channel which will enable him to deliver further growth and efficiency in this key operation.
2012 OBJECTIVES
We remain focused on and enthusiastic about our core title business. It is our goal to be the premier title insurance and settlement services company in the U.S. and in key markets abroad. To that end, we’re concentrating on three primary areas in 2012:

Growing our Company
For the past few years, we worked hard to build efficiencies into our operations that would position us well in any market. And while we continue to seek improvements and stay vigilant regarding expense management, we’ve started to turn our attention again to growing First American. We’re not growing for growth’s sake, but instead are focusing on prudent, profitable market share increase. Much of this increase will come through the organic growth of our existing operations, and some through acquisitions in strategic areas. In the first quarter of 2012, for example, we acquired Hexter-Fair, a leading title agent in the Dallas-Fort Worth area.
Improving the Customer Experience
We’re dedicating ourselves to gaining a deeper understanding of the needs of our clients and to providing industry-leading service. As an example, we’re developing customer-facing technology that streamlines processes for our customers and improves their experience working with us. We’ve recently launched systems designed to serve title agents and real estate professionals and elevate our engagement with those groups.
Developing our Employees
To support our growth objectives, we’re also dedicating resources to develop our current employees and recruit the best new ones. The results of an employee survey that we deployed in 2011 helped us to identify our strengths in these areas and our opportunities for improvement. As a result, we are initiating efforts to develop our key employees’ leadership potential, enhance management skills, and plan for succession. Through these and other initiatives, our goal is to make First American the employer of choice for title industry professionals.
OUTLOOK
The Mortgage Bankers Association is forecasting a $1 trillion real estate market in 2012, with origination volumes at their lowest point since 1997, driven primarily by a decline in refinance activity and continued weakness in the resale market. We think the market is likely to perform a bit better than this, based on the stronger refinance activity we’ve seen in the first quarter of 2012 and an anticipated increase in transactions as a result of government stimulus programs beginning in the second quarter. We also expect that the commercial market will remain strong during the year, assuming the capital markets stay healthy.
As a result of our efficiency programs of the past few years, we expect that incremental increases in revenue will continue to bolster our bottom line. This should benefit us as we stay focused on achieving our 8 to 10 percent margin goal for our title business. And as always, we’ll seek additional opportunities to create long-term stockholder value throughout the year.
A TRIBUTE
As I look back on our first full year as a separate public company, I think about the foundation we’re building upon—a foundation whose strength and solid footing is attributable to no one more than Don Kennedy. Don, First American’s chairman emeritus, passed away in March of 2012. He served the Company for more than 60 years and led its extraordinary growth from a one-office firm in Santa Ana to a global multibillion-dollar company. Under Don’s visionary leadership, the Company expanded nationally and internationally, significantly increased its business lines, and became a market leader. His contributions to our industry and his philanthropic generosity benefited many. I feel personally privileged to have worked with Don, and to have experienced first- hand his ability to lead with conviction and grace. While his integrity, wit, and wisdom will be missed by all who knew him, his legacy will forever be felt at First American.
LOOKING AHEAD
As we transition from some really tough years in the market, continue to concentrate on expense management and renew our focus on profitable growth, I want to thank and acknowledge our 16,000 employees who have worked extremely hard to get us to this point. We’ll remain dedicated to running our operations efficiently,

growing strategically and judiciously, and delivering superior returns, all while providing consistent, high-quality service to our customers.
We’re excited about the business we’re in and optimistic about our prospects in the years ahead. And we’re staying solidly committed to our goal of being the premier title insurance and settlement services company in the U.S. and in key markets abroad.
Together with the board of directors, I thank you for your continued support.
Dennis J. Gilmore Chief Executive Officer
 