                                                    March 31, 2017
TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS:
First American had a very strong year in 2016. Our continued focus on profitable growth and operating efficiency, coupled with a favorable mortgage interest rate environment and a strengthening employment outlook, led to solid revenue gains and record title margins. Consistent with our capital priorities, we significantly increased our common stock dividend and completed several strategic acquisitions that strengthened our core business and enhanced our offerings to our customers. And we stayed true to our philosophy that people are our most valuable resource. It is our strong belief that engaged employees will serve our customers well and that satisfied customers along with our efficient operation of the business will benefit you, our stockholders. Indeed, we’re proud that our practice of putting people first was again recognized when First American was named for the second year in a row to the Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For® list in 2017.
Financially, we ended 2016 with $5.6 billion in total revenue, up 8 percent from 2015, driven primarily by growth in our purchase and refinance business. Our net income was $3.09 per diluted share, an 18 percent increase from the prior year. And the company’s return on equity of 11.9 percent was at the upper end of our stated objective of 10 to 12 percent. We were able to achieve these positive results even as we recorded a $0.39 per share expense related to the termination of our company’s legacy pension plan in 2016. When completed this year, First American will generate an annual reduction of approximately $22 million in corporate expenses.
Our Title Insurance and Services segment reported revenues of $5.1 billion, up 7 percent from 2015. Our focused growth efforts and a steadily improving residential purchase market helped our purchase business increase 6 percent over the prior year, while a stronger than anticipated refinance market led to a 21 percent jump in our refinance revenues. Our National Commercial Services business achieved its second-highest revenues on record. And our international group had another good year, driven by strong performance in our Canadian and European operations. Our title claims loss rate declined to 5.5 percent from 6.6 percent the prior year—a favorable trend we believe will continue. And our ongoing focus on operating efficiency enabled us to capitalize on favorable market conditions to achieve a pretax margin of 11.7 percent, a record for the title segment and at the high end of our 10 to 12 percent target.
First American’s Specialty Insurance segment generated revenues of $436 million, up 11 percent from 2015. The segment’s pretax margin was down slightly compared with last year, attributable in part to higher claims costs in our home warranty business, partially offset by lower weather-related claims in our property and casualty business. Historically, home warranty has been a consistent high-return business for us and we’re currently strengthening our service network and processes to position it well for increased business volume. We’re optimistic about the prospects for both our home warranty and property and casualty businesses.
CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
Our capital management strategy remains consistent:
• Invest in our core title and settlement services business—In 2016, we made significant investments in our business, all with the long-term objective of increasing efficiency, improving our risk profile and enhancing our product offerings. Much of this investment was directed to technology, including the continued enhancement of our title production platform and our customer-facing technologies and enterprise systems, all of which will improve our customers’ experience and our internal process efficiency. We also significantly expanded our real property public record databases, including our title plants.
• Acquire companies that strengthen our core business and enhance the solutions we offer our customers—We made several key acquisitions in 2016: Forsythe Appraisals, which augments our existing valuation capabilities and expands our appraisal offerings to our lender customers; RedVision,

whose data, technology and services complement our existing title search and title evidence production capabilities; and TD Service Financial, which enhances our post-closing and document management capabilities and broadens our ability to serve our mortgage lender customers. We also purchased a number of small title agencies during the year in geographic markets we’ve targeted for growth. While we continually evaluate numerous acquisition opportunities, we remain disciplined in our commitment to only pursue transactions that are consistent with our strategy and meet our risk-adjusted return target.
• Return capital to stockholders—Based on our positive, long-term outlook, during 2016 First American’s board of directors increased the common stock dividend by 36 percent to $1.36 per share, per annum.
The company’s operating cash flow in 2016 was $489 million, down 11 percent from 2015, primarily due to an $85 million contribution related to the legacy pension plan termination previously mentioned. Our debt-to-capital ratio at year end of 19.6 percent is within our target range and leaves us significant financial flexibility to achieve our strategic objectives. Overall, our strong balance sheet, capital position and financial flexibility position us well for the present and the future.
VISION AND STRATEGY
It remains our vision to be the premier title insurance and settlement services company. To realize this vision, we need to be the best place to work for our employees, provide the best service to our customers and deliver exceptional returns to our stockholders.
With this as our vision, our company operates with a focus on three key components of our strategy:
• Profitably grow our core title and settlement business—Our continued focus on operating efficiency coupled with favorable market conditions helped us achieve the highest pretax margin in our title segment’s history. While our title market share fell somewhat during the year, we’re working to build share by integrating new approaches to business development and making opportunistic acquisitions in key markets. As we continue to pursue market share, we remain committed to ensuring that growth never comes at the expense of returns.
• Strengthen the enterprise through data and process advantage—During the year, we added 16 new title plants to our industry-leading database, meaningfully increasing the breadth of our coverage. The data we obtained through our RedVision acquisition promises to accelerate additional title plant development in key geographies. We also reached an industry milestone with the assembly of property ownership data covering 100 percent of U.S. counties. These efforts strengthen our control over the key data assets that underlie our products and services and facilitate our efforts to manage risk and drive efficiencies throughout the title and settlement process.
• Manage and actively invest in complementary businesses that support or expand the core—In 2016, we completed a number of acquisitions and made investments that expand our valuation and data businesses, allowing us to streamline the title process and continue to improve the solutions we offer our customers. We also continued to enhance our DataTree.com portal, which provides title, lender and other customers online access to our industry-leading data.
LOOKING AHEAD
We expect the company to benefit from continuing improvements in the housing market and the overall economy in 2017. While signs point to incremental interest rate increases, gradually rising rates generally signal an improving economy, which should strengthen housing demand. The Mortgage Bankers Association is forecasting significant growth in purchase originations this year, with interest rate increases driving refinance activity down by nearly half. Because of the strength of our purchase business, we’re well positioned to benefit from the expected growth in purchase transactions, which on average generate more than twice the revenue of refinance transactions. We expect housing inventory constraints to persist, which should drive further price appreciation and, consequently, incremental revenue. We also anticipate that increased demand among millennials for first- time home purchases will benefit us for years to come. And the commercial market is poised for another strong year, with a modest decline in revenue expected as that market continues to normalize from its 2015 peak.

We retain the flexibility necessary to adjust to changes in market or regulatory conditions, while remaining focused on our objectives of achieving a 10 to 12 percent return on equity for the company and 10 to 12 percent margin for our title business.
In closing, let me emphasize again the value that our employees bring to our business. We strive to treat our people well and encourage their development, not because it’s fashionable, but because it’s simply the right thing to do—and in the end, it makes our company stronger. Fortune® magazine’s recognition of us as one of the “100 Best Companies to Work For” in America for the second year in a row is a testament to the dedication our people bring to their work, colleagues and customers every day. Our placements in 2016 on Fortune’s 100 Best Workplaces for Women and 50 Best Workplaces for Diversity lists, as well as being named one of the “Best Workplaces in Canada,” are further testament to our ongoing efforts to create an engaging workplace for all of our employees.
The contributions of our dedicated people helped to make 2016 a very successful year for First American. Together with our board of directors, I thank you for your continued support.
Dennis J. Gilmore Chief Executive Officer
 