 Focused Strategy
Our near-term business strategy is focused on protecting our liquidity position and preserving our large mineral resources and growth opportunities for anticipated improved market conditions in the longer term. We benefit from having as one of our “Core Assets” the world’s largest gold mine at our Grasberg minerals district in Indonesia (pictured), where we are mining in
a high-grade section of the mine at a time of high gold prices. Grasberg is also the world’s largest copper mine in terms of recoverable reserves.
 To Our Shareholders
The theme of this year’s annual report, “Core Assets,” reflects the strength of our company and our optimism for the future at a time when our industry and the world’s economies face significant challenges. With the sharp and sudden downturn in copper and molybdenum prices and the weak, uncertain economic outlook, we quickly changed our business to adapt so that our shareholders can prosper when business conditions improve.
We entered 2008 in a strong position, having repaid $10 billion in debt associated with our March 2007 acquisition of Phelps Dodge. Our balance sheet remains strong
with no significant debt maturities for the next several years. We made important progress during the year in defining the potential of our significant resources on four continents, which enabled us to add to our reserves and establish a roadmap for future reserve additions and growth opportunities. Our 2008 copper sales of 4.1 billion pounds established a new record for the company.
As the world’s largest publicly traded producer of copper and the global leader in molybdenum production, our revenues and cash flows are being significantly affected by the sharp decline in prices that occurred in late 2008. Copper prices averaged $3.61 per pound in the first nine months of 2008 and declined to a low of $1.26 per pound in
4 FREEPORT-McMoRan COPPER & GOLD INC. 2008 Annual Report

  December 2008. Molybdenum prices also declined sharply in the fourth quarter, from a level exceeding $30 per pound to below $10 per pound. We benefit from having the world’s largest gold mine at our Grasberg minerals district in Indonesia. The rise in gold prices and our current mining
in a high-grade section of the Grasberg mine is partially offsetting the decline in copper and molybdenum prices.
During the fourth quarter of 2008, we acted quickly and decisively to adjust our near-term business strategy to adapt to the changing market conditions. We established and are executing plans to achieve significant reductions in all elements of our costs and capital spending programs.
We also changed our financial policy to respond to the new economic environment. We are pleased with the results of these efforts, which have resulted in hundreds of millions of dollars in savings from our previous plans. We also took steps to enhance our liquidity position
by eliminating the dividend on our common stock in December 2008 and through a successful $750 million equity offering in early 2009. These actions place
us in a strong position during a period of economic weakness and turmoil in the global financial markets.
Our near-term business strategy is focused on protecting our liquidity position and preserving our large mineral
2008 Annual Report FREEPORT-McMoRan COPPER & GOLD INC. 5

 resources and growth opportunities for anticipated improved market conditions in the longer term.
Our long-lived reserves, geographically diverse operations and flexible operating structure enable us
to adapt quickly to market conditions. The metals we produce are important to the world’s economies, and
we are positioned to benefit as conditions improve. The outlook for copper over the long term is particularly positive, underpinned by scarce supplies, and the role
of copper in the infrastructure of China and the rest of the developing world and in the economies of developed nations. In the near term, we will continue to focus
on reducing costs and maintaining our “Core Assets”
to position us to benefit when conditions improve.
Our estimated total reserves at December 31, 2008, were 102.0 billion pounds of copper, 40.0 million ounces of gold and 2.48 billion pounds of molybdenum. Net additions to 2008 reserves included 12.8 billion pounds of copper and 0.51 billion pounds of molybdenum — more than three times the copper and seven times
the molybdenum we produced during 2008.
Our “Core Assets” are located in North and South America, Indonesia and Africa and include our flagship property,
the Grasberg minerals district in Papua, Indonesia. We
are mining in a high-grade section of the Grasberg mine, which will enable us to increase our gold sales in 2009
to over 2 million ounces at a time of rising gold prices.
Another “Core Asset” is the Tenke Fungurume project in the Democratic Republic of Congo in Africa. Tenke Fungurume is widely viewed as one of the world’s most exciting minerals projects with the potential
of becoming a world-class copper and cobalt mine. Construction activities progressed throughout 2008, and production for the initial project is targeted to reach designed rates during the second half of 2009. Because of the high-grade ore, this mine is expected to have an attractive cost structure. Annual production in the initial years is expected to approximate 250 million pounds of copper and 18 million pounds of cobalt.
Our Board of Directors, which has a long-standing tradition of building shareholder value by pursuing development of projects with high rates of return and
returning value to shareholders through common stock dividends and common stock purchases, will continually review our financial policy as market conditions change.
While the volatile markets required decisive operational and financial actions, our dedication to upholding
our environmental and social commitments remains unchanged. Freeport-McMoRan Copper & Gold Inc. has made a strong commitment to environmental protection and communities through its policies, as well as a promise to seek continuous improvement in these areas. As a founding member of the International Council on Mining and Metals (ICMM), we endorse the ICMM Sustainable Development Framework and 10 Sustainable Development Principles. A consistent approach to the sustainable development challenges of the 21st century is a competitive advantage in creating long-term value for investors.
We wish to express our deepest appreciation to our employees for their dedication and to our Board of Directors for their support and advice during these difficult times. They are also a key part of the “Core Assets” of our enterprise. Together, we are a strong team working to ensure the future success of our company.
Respectfully yours,
James R. Moffett
Chairman of the Board
March 16, 2009
Richard C. Adkerson
President and
Chief Executive Officer
  6 FREEPORT-McMoRan COPPER & GOLD INC. 2008 Annual Report
