 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
We are pleased to present our 2014 Annual Report to highlight the value of our assets, report on our financial and operating results and share our vision for operating and developing our resources to generate attractive returns for shareholders. The theme of this year’s annual report, “Value at our Core,” captures our optimistic view of our large-scale, geographically diverse natural resource assets and our drive to generate long-term values from our portfolio of assets through continuing a track record of efficient management of our operations and executing development plans to provide future growth and financial returns.
During 2014, our organization achieved strong operating performance, important project development milestones and positive exploration results despite challenging commodity market conditions that emerged late in the year. We achieved a 17 percent increase
in our North America copper sales volumes,
which helped to offset a portion of the impacts of regulatory restrictions in Indonesia and the sale of
our Candelaria/Ojos mining operations in the fourth quarter. Oil and gas production exceeded our forecasts and we were successful in expanding our oil and gas resource base despite the sale of our Eagle Ford shale properties during the year.
We progressed several large projects in our minerals
and oil and gas businesses that set the stage for future
growth. We completed a major expansion of our
flagship Morenci mine in Arizona and advanced
construction activities to triple the size of our Cerro Verde operations in Peru. As we evaluate our large minerals resource base, we are enthusiastic about opportunities for further expansion. Our oil and gas team advanced our strategy to establish new sources of oil production from reservoirs located near our major Gulf of Mexico production facilities. We achieved successful exploration results in the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico, including at Holstein Deep, Dorado and Power Nap, which expanded our resource base and enhanced the value and strategic
importance of our large-scale production facilities. We added significant new production in early 2015 from the recently constructed large-scale Lucius oil facility in the Gulf of Mexico and established gas production at our onshore Highlander project following successful flow tests.
The results of these and other activities provide confidence for future profitable growth. We look forward to reporting on the progress of these activities in 2015.
We faced volatile commodity market conditions during 2014, particularly in the second half of the year and continuing in 2015. In 2015, copper prices have averaged approximately 15 percent lower than the 2014 average and Brent crude oil prices have declined by about 50 percent. During 2014, we completed the sale of $5 billion in assets to strengthen
our balance sheet and focus our capital and other resources on our assets with the best returns and long-term resource potential. We also completed financing transactions to improve our financial flexibility and debt maturity profile. In addition, we have taken aggressive actions to reduce our capital expenditures and our costs in response to market conditions and will continue to seek to strengthen our balance sheet and improve financial flexibility to protect our long-term asset values in a challenging global economic environment for copper, oil and other commodities. We have a strong track record
of successfully responding to a challenging market environment. These actions, along with other ongoing
initiatives, will better position us during the current weak environment while preserving our long-term resources for improved market conditions in the future.
During the year, we continued to enhance our partnerships with governments and stakeholders in the communities where we operate. At our core, we are committed to sustainable development and to providing significant long-term benefits from our operations to local communities
 “Value at our Core” captures our optimistic view of our large-scale, geographically diverse natural resource assets and our drive to generate long-term values.
4
   
 LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
 and governments. We achieved important progress in our efforts to secure our long-term operating rights in Indonesia and remain positive about our long-term partnership and the benefits that our Grasberg operations will continue to provide to all stakeholders.
The safety of the men and women in our over-80,000-member workforce continues to be our highest priority. We are pleased to report a significant improvement in our incident rate during 2014. Regrettably, seven fatal injuries occurred in 2014, including six at our Grasberg operations in Indonesia. Fatality prevention in our global operations continues to be a critical focus of our management team.
In closing, we would like to thank our employees for their hard work, dedication and commitment to FCX’s success and extend our sincerest gratitude to our Board for their wisdom, judgment and advice as we work to achieve continued success in the future.
Respectfully yours,
JAMES R. MOFFETT
Chairman of the Board
RICHARD C. ADKERSON
Vice Chairman of the Board President and
Chief Executive Officer
JAMES C. FLORES
Vice Chairman of the Board President and Chief Executive Officer Freeport-McMoRan Oil & Gas LLC
      March 23, 2015
 Photo: Exploration program drill core from the Tenke Fungurume minerals district in the Katanga province of the Democratic Republic of Congo
5
  