 TENKE FUNGURUME, DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF CONGO
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
We are pleased to present this year’s annual report, “Expanding Resources,” which highlights our established, long-lived global mining resource position, our growing production and cash flow profile, our proposed transactions to acquire North America- focused oil and gas assets and our strategy to generate values and returns for shareholders from our expanding asset base.
While market conditions during 2012 weakened in connection with economic conditions in Europe, the United States and China, we are optimistic about the long-term outlook for our business. We have a positive long-term view of global economic growth and
the important role of natural resources in the world’s economies. We are particularly well positioned with large resources of
copper, which are in limited supply, and a portfolio of long-lived assets in major mining districts around the world. These assets generate strong margins and provide our company with financially attractive organic growth opportunities. The proposed oil and gas acquisitions, expected to close in the second quarter of 2013, will add a high-quality portfolio of assets with strong current cash flows and growth potential, enhanced geographic diversification and complementary exposure to markets positioned for global growth.
GRASBERG, INDONESIA
3

4
  ESTIMATED INCREMENTAL COPPER FROM EXPANSION PROJECTS
IN PROGRESS (in millions) approximately 975 million lbs
225 lbs
Morenci
600 lbs
Cerro Verde
 150 lbs
Tenke Fungurume*
* Completed in First-Quarter 2013.
  
 LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
 We are continuing to advance financially attractive brownfield copper development projects. We recently completed and achieved our budgeted cost and schedule for the expansion of our Tenke Fungurume operation in Africa and have begun construction for the expansion
of our Morenci mine in Arizona. We received important permits for our world-scale expansion of the Cerro Verde mine in Peru and commenced construction in 2013. These projects, together with our ongoing underground development in the Grasberg minerals district in Indonesia, position us for multi-year growth in copper volumes and provide attractive financial returns.
In early 2012, our Board of Directors increased our annual common stock dividend by 25 percent to
$1.25 per share, and we ended 2012 with more cash than debt. We recently completed acquisition-related debt financings for $10.5 billion at low rates averaging
3.1 percent. We expect the significant cash flows generated from the combined businesses will enable
us to fund our growth plans and reduce debt while continuing our current common stock dividend. Consistent with our track record, we will be responsive
to market conditions and will be disciplined in our capital spending plans in order to maintain a strong financial profile and protect our assets for the long-term benefit of shareholders. As our debt reduction targets are achieved, our Board of Directors will review opportunities for increasing cash returns to shareholders.
As we integrate the pending acquisitions and execute our strategy, we will continue our focus on safe and efficient production, strong project development execution, prudent capital allocation and our long-standing tradition of maximizing value for shareholders
and managing the risks of our business.
We would like to take this opportunity to express our appreciation to our global team whose hard work and dedication are critical to our success. We also thank members of our Board of Directors and our Advisory Directors for their guidance and counsel.
Respectfully yours,
JAMES R. MOFFETT
Chairman of the Board
RICHARD C. ADKERSON
President and
Chief Executive Officer
    Photo: Morenci, Arizona
5
March 28, 2013
   