LETTEr TO Our ShArEhOLdErS
  2 | FREEPORT-McMoRan COPPER & GOLD INC.
To Our Shareholders
As we write this letter, we are approaching the five-year mark since our 2007 acquisition of Phelps Dodge. The strategy of creating
a geographically diverse global mining leader with long-lived
and high-quality mineral assets has provided our shareholders with many benefits. In the five years since the acquisition, we
have generated large amounts of operating cash flows, repaid the acquisition debt, commissioned new mines, expanded our long- lived reserve and resource base, and positioned the company for future growth to provide shareholders with continuing benefits in the years to come. We have also built a strong global organization with unwavering commitments to safety performance, support for communities where we live and work, excellence in environmental management and a sharp focus on building long-term values for our many stakeholders. As we reflect on our past successes, we remain diligent in addressing the challenges we face each day and confident in our team’s ability to achieve our goals.
 Estimated incremental copper from Advanced stage Projects approximately
975 million lbs
600 Cerro verde
225 morenci
150 Tenke Fungurume
         
 As A GlObAl MiNiNG lEAdEr WitH lONG- liVEd, GEOGrAPHicAlly diVErsE rEsErVEs OF cOPPEr, GOld ANd MOlybdENUM, WE ArE cONNEctiNG tHE FUtUrE FOr OUr sHArEHOldErs, EMPlOyEEs ANd lOcAl cOMMUNitiEs.
Photo: Cerro Verde Mine, Peru
 2011 ANNUAL REPORT | 3
This year’s annual report theme, “Connecting the Future,” signifies the role of Freeport-McMoRan Copper & Gold Inc. in supplying vital metals to the world’s economies. Copper has been an essential material to mankind for thousands of years. Its properties of conductivity, malleability and connectivity have made copper
a critical component of the breakthroughs that have advanced societies. The generation and transmission of electricity, our means of communications and transportation, and the infrastructure that surrounds us all depend on the metals we produce. As we look
to the future, copper will continue to be key in these basic uses while contributing significantly to new technologies for energy efficiencies, advancing communications and enhancing public health. Our position as one of the industry’s largest producers, with an attractive portfolio of long-lived assets and a growing production profile, will enable us to play an increasing role in supplying the materials necessary to sustain and expand the world’s economies and in “Connecting the Future.”
We achieved record financial performance during 2011 — our second consecutive year of record results. In the second half of the year, we faced a challenging labor situation at our Grasberg mine — the first work stoppage of its kind in our more than 40- year operating history in Papua, Indonesia. Despite the resulting shortfall in production, our global operations performed well, culminating in our strong results.
The markets for our products — copper, gold and molybdenum — are currently strong and their outlook is positive. While we may encounter volatile conditions in 2012, the long-term fundamentals for our markets, particularly for copper, are very favorable. Copper markets have been relatively tight in recent years, driven by
strong demand from China and other emerging economies and by supply limitations. We cannot predict future prices, but it will be challenging for mine supply to keep pace with rising demand trends. Market fundamentals support long-term copper prices, enhance the prospective values of our assets and cause growth prospects to be highly attractive.
  
LETTEr TO Our ShArEhOLdErS
    WE ArE WEll POsitiONEd WitH ExistiNG PrOdUctiON cAPAcity, lONG-liVEd rEsErVEs ANd ExPANsiON OPPOrtUNitiEs At OUr ExistiNG MiNEs, ANd GrOWtH OPPOrtUNitiEs tO bUild VAlUE FOr
OUr sHArEHOldErs.
Photo: Trolley wire, Bayway Operations, New Jersey
 4 | FREEPORT-McMoRan COPPER & GOLD INC.
Our financial position is very strong. We ended the year with significantly more cash than debt. In February 2012, we completed a highly attractive debt refinancing that will reduce our interest costs significantly. Our strong financial position has enabled
our Board of Directors to provide increased cash returns to our shareholders. During 2011, we paid $1.50 per share in dividends, including an annual common stock dividend of $1.00 per share and a $0.50 per share supplemental common stock dividend. In early 2012, our Board of Directors increased our annual common stock dividend to $1.25 per share. Our strong financial position enables us to maintain an attractive credit profile, support our operations, provide flexibility for financially attractive investments and provide attractive returns to our shareholders.
During 2012, the safety of our workforce will remain our number one priority. We are positive about our plans to advance our projects for future growth, expand our resource base through our exploration programs and achieve continued success with our aggressive cost management efforts. Many years of planning, hard work and execution are required in advancing our development projects to become productive operations. The success we
are accomplishing with our projects will further enhance our large-scale operating base and enable us to continue our strong leadership position in “Connecting the Future.”
The talent and dedication of our employees are critical to our success and we value and appreciate our global team’s many contributions over the years. We also thank members of our Board of Directors and our Advisory Directors for their advice, guidance and support.
We look forward to reporting our progress to you throughout the year.
Respectfully yours,
James r. Moffett
Chairman of the Board
richard c. Adkerson
President and
Chief Executive Officer
    March 16, 2012
   