 MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN AND CEO
The cover photo of this report returns us to the historic day of our IPO at the New York Stock Exchange last October in which we raised $2.8 billion in new equity, the largest U.S. IPO of the year. That day at the NYSE was not
the end of the road, but rather a milestone on our transformation that marked the start of the next leg of our journey.
Coming off the most meaningful year in First Data’s recent history, our underlying business momentum is strong. Focusing on 2016, we are more confident than ever in our ability to accelerate that momentum in every area of our business.
I can sense this momentum whenever I visit a client’s business and share updates about our expanded services and solutions. From global financial institutions to local community banks, and from large retailers to small business owners, our clients have watched us compete on our front foot over the last year to create new offerings, improve their experience with us, and help them grow their business.
Beyond our IPO, First Data’s journey in 2015 was about strengthening our company for the road ahead. Our journey is far from complete, but in our first annual report as a public company, it’s worth taking a few minutes to reflect on where we were, where we are, and where we’re going.
Where We Were
When I arrived at First Data in 2013, I saw our great position within the payments industry, but also saw areas needing improvement. We had approximately $25 billion in total debt. Our operations, technology, and controls needed strengthening. Our SMB strategy was fragmented. We were not aggressively competing to win large clients.
What a difference three years make. In 2013, 2014, and 2015, we added great talent, upgraded our operations and technology, enhanced our security safeguards, created a rigorous control environment, and sharpened our focus on driving efficiency. At the same time, we worked to serve our clients better and broadened our focus to close large enterprise deals.
Reducing debt was a key focus over the past two years. The IPO and our private placement injected over $6 billion of new equity into our capital structure, helping us to materially de-lever. As we move forward in 2016, we are focused on growing our free cash flow to continue de-levering organically.
Where We Are
We are a stronger, healthier, and better company than we were just one year ago. We are fully intended and completely capable of being the technology and operations leader in our industry, along with providing world class innovation. We arrive at 2016 recognizing that we cannot stop innovating, collaborating, and making it easier for all of our clients to get the most from the broad suite of First Data solutions.
Doing business with the world’s biggest brands gives us a solid platform on which to grow. Of the top 50 companies on the Fortune 500 list for 2015, we provide services and solutions, in one form or another, to 47 of them. These blue chip companies we serve span a diverse set of industries, including retail, technology, financial services, petroleum, travel, telecommunications, and many others.
No other company in the payments sector provides its clients with the breadth and depth of our capabilities. Our partnerships with the world’s leading banks are unrivaled. From our visible position on store countertops, through our Clover family of point-of-sale solutions, to the less visible way we power processing for thousands of financial institutions and eCommerce solutions for the world’s largest corporations, we solidified our position in 2015 as an indispensable player in our industry.
2015 ANNUAL REPORT / 04
 
 MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN AND CEO
Working in a challenging market, the past year also saw a significant improvement to our balance sheet. We reshaped our capital structure, re-financing over $8 billion of long-term notes at lower interest rates, and extending and upsizing our revolving credit facility. Combined with the proceeds from our equity offerings, we have cut our annual interest costs by half, or $1 billion, from 2013 levels.
Where We Are Going
Looking to the future, we will maintain vigilance on our balance sheet, even as we strategically invest for the future. As we prepared for our IPO, we laid out priorities to drive continued growth. Those priorities have not changed. In our three segments – Global Business Solutions, Global Financial Solutions, and Network and Security Solutions – we are focused on five major initiatives:
1. Strengthen our U.S. SMB business
2. Continue to grow our STAR debit network
3. Expand our global enterprise revenue, both with
financial institutions and businesses
4. Increase our international market position
5. Invest for the future while maximizing operating
efficiency
With our formidable assets and abundant talent, our job now is to partner better, solve problems better, and deliver solid results in 2016 for the shareholders of First Data.
1. Strengthen our U.S. SMB business
One of First Data’s core missions is to help small and medium-sized businesses grow. Our team is committed to winning in the SMB space with a firm-wide assault to become better in this key area. This starts with improving
 05 / 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
 
 retention among our clients, but extends into many other parts of our business.
We are working to improve SMB retention by providing value-added products, such as our Clover family of point-of-sale systems and delivering clients enhanced analytics on what drives their sales. At the same time, we are improving their overall client experience, from onboarding to the information they get on their statements. To provide more flexibility, we are also enhancing the interoperability of our systems.
On the sales front, we are working with our bank and other financial institution partners to increase our lead flow and taking steps to broaden the caliber of our sales force. We are also allowing clients to sign-up digitally and making it easier for clients to buy our products through simplified pricing.
While there is no “silver bullet” to winning in the SMB space, we similarly believe there are “no unknowns.” We are confident in our strategy. Now, it’s all about execution.
2. Continue to grow our STAR debit network
In 2013, when I arrived at First Data, STAR was a business in decline. But we saw STAR as one of the jewels in our portfolio that we resolved to hone and polish as the leading independent debit network.
STAR was once a PIN-only debit network, limiting its appeal and reach. We invested millions to enable STAR with PIN-less capabilities. In 2015, STAR saw 20% transaction growth, and STAR-issued cards increased 14%, building on similar growth the year before. STAR PIN-less is now accepted at merchants across the country, including nearly 200,000 locations of First Data merchant acquiring clients.
Today, STAR is a vital part of our business that continues to grow. In 2016, we are working to expand STAR’s issuance base and its network functionality.
3. Expand our global enterprise revenue, both with financial institutions and businesses
Every day, we create new ways to enhance our partnerships and offerings for our financial institution clients. We are providing them with solutions from across our business including acquiring partnerships, issuer processing, the STAR network, safeguards against fraud and cybercrime, and many others. We are innovating rapidly in this space as well, expanding the value we bring to clients with offerings such as loan processing, commercial payments, self-service, and mobile payments.
We are also engaged in a broad range of opportunities with major retailers, representing both new and existing clients. Retailers are realizing the value of our services beyond acquiring, including gift cards, security solutions, payroll cards, network, check verification, eCommerce, and mobile commerce. Our goal with our enterprise clients is to deploy our solutions to help them grow their business and optimize their total cost of payment acceptance.
Last year, our work resulted in the renewal of nearly all major enterprise contracts that were expiring. In 2016, we are broadening our reach further by entering verticals like gaming, healthcare, and universities. We have added specialized sales expertise to serve these verticals, and we are providing comprehensive bundled offerings to meet their unique needs.
4. Increase our international market position
We continue to expand our presence around the globe in our three regions of LATAM, APAC, and EMEA.
In 2014, for example, we had limited presence among Brazilian business owners. Today, we have a rapidly growing acquiring portfolio in that country. Along with Brazil, we are expanding our relationships with merchants and financial institutions across Latin America, from Argentina to Colombia.
2015 ANNUAL REPORT / 06
 
 MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN AND CEO
 07 / 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
 
 In India, we’ve strengthened our joint venture with ICICI Bank, the country’s largest private-sector bank, which provides merchant acquiring, mobile POS, and eCommerce solutions to businesses across the country. In this market, where the penetration of electronic payments is lower, we see significant headroom for growth in what is now one of the world’s fastest growing economies.
In Europe, we saw good growth of our UK direct business in 2015. Beyond that, we have made substantial investments in EMEA to upgrade our product mix and expand our sales force, laying the groundwork for continued success in the region.
5. Invest for the future while maximizing operating efficiency
One of the most important things that we can do to benefit shareholders, serve our clients, and take care of our 24,000 owner-associates is to maintain a rigorous focus on investing for the future while, at the same time, constantly improving our operating efficiency.
Since my arrival at First Data in 2013, we have been aggressive in making the strategic investments that we believed would be needed to win in the marketplace. These investments included expanding the Clover platform, increasing STAR’s functionality, growing our enterprise sales team, and building out our Brazil acquiring business, all of them laying the groundwork for our current strategy.
As we have increased our investment in some areas, we have identified other areas ripe for expense discipline. These areas include site optimization and procurement, among others. Last year, we announced a strategic expense initiative to drive $200 million of gross annualized savings by the middle of 2016, and we are on target to meet that number. Beyond this, our leaders and their teams are committed to rigorous and ongoing expense management within their businesses.
Our Transformation Continues
Increasing our revenue and managing our expenses will not, by themselves, make First Data a better company in 2016.
Our goal is to improve across the board every year, focusing in particular on enhancing our clients’ experience, upgrading our technology, strengthening our risk management, ensuring our platforms are resilient, and having the right people in the right places doing the right jobs.
We know that we operate in a competitive and dynamic industry that is constantly innovating. Our competition is formidable, and they are certainly not standing still. But we are certain that we will win when we work as a team to seize the opportunities that will delight our clients.
I am confident in our leadership and our plan. We have great partnerships with the world’s leading financial institutions. We have millions of business owner clients who need our solutions. More than at any point in my time at First Data, I know we are on the right path. The year ahead will be one of executing on what we’ve started, always keeping an eye on what’s over the horizon.
I am grateful to our 24,000 owner-associates for their tireless work day-in and day-out, to continue to transform our company. I am humbled by the confidence and support of our shareholders. As I look forward to the future, I continue to be deeply honored to serve them and lead this company.
Reflecting on the past year at First Data, I would like to express my sincere appreciation for the support you gave us during our return to the public markets. While we were hard at work earning the faith and trust of our millions of clients, you put your faith and trust in us, and we value nothing more highly.
Sincerely,
Frank J. Bisignano
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
      2015 ANNUAL REPORT / 08
 