To Our Stockholders: During fiscal year 1998, FedEx celebrated its 25th year of industry leadership by laying the foundation for future growth with the acquisition of Caliber System, Inc., and the creation of FDX Corporation. Our consolidated results for the
Frederick W. Smith Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

year were strong, revealing a $16 billion company with net income of $583 million, excluding merger expenses.

Earnings per share rose to a record $3.91 . We are pleased with our financial achievements and excited about our growth opportunities. FDX is poised to take advantage of a global transportation market that ­ with the express, less-than-truckload and ground small-package

MARKET OPPORTUNITY
segments combined ­ is projected to grow from $75 billion today to nearly $400 billion over the next 20 years. Once again, we have changed the competitive landscape, creating a one-stop source for global shipping and logistics solutions. No other corporation is better situated to take advantage of business trends such as "just-in-time" shipping, the explosive growth of electronic commerce, and the proliferation of global sourcing and selling across markets. Prior to the acquisition, neither FedEx nor RPS individually could offer the same complementary mix of express and ground small-package delivery services. Now ­ operating independently yet

CHAIRMAN'S LETTER P 3

working together under FDX ­ we're winning business from our competitors by providing unmatched service, access and connectivity. When we announced the formation of FDX Corporation, many observers assumed that the Caliber acquisition made sense only if we fully integrated our operations. Based on 25 years of industry leadership and expertise, we are doing just the opposite ­ and for compelling strategic reasons. Simply layering the unique resource and operating requirements of a time-definite, global, express-delivery network onto a day-definite, ground small-package network would surely result in diminished service quality and increased costs.

= COMPLETE ONE
Under the FDX umbrella, we will leverage our shared strengths while operating each delivery network independently, with each focused on its respective markets. For FedEx, that means an unrelenting dedication to rapid, time-specific global delivery in 1 , 2 or 3 business days. For RPS, that means continued commitment to its highly efficient and reliable, business-to-business, ground small-package delivery capability. The result for all FDX companies is optimal service quality, reliability and profitability. To capitalize on the synergies of our shared customer relationships, we are aggressively aligning sales and marketing initiatives across all FDX

P 4 CHAIRMAN'S LETTER

companies, with particular attention to our primary opportunities ­ FedEx and RPS. We have identified more than one million FedEx customers who currently have no relationship with RPS. Conversely, tens of thousands of RPS customers do not use FedEx for their international or U.S. domestic express shipments. Given an opportunity to obtain the best of both delivery services, we find many businesses eager to become full-fledged "FDX customers." FDX is now positioned to meet customer needs by providing comprehensive transportation, logistics and supply chain management solutions.

-STOP SHIPPING

+

+

+

Increasingly, businesses are seeking strategic, cost-effective ways to manage their supply chains ­ the series of transportation and information exchanges required to convert parts and raw materials into finished, delivered products. Experience tells us that customers prefer one supplier to meet all of their distribution and logistics needs. And FDX has what it takes: Our unique global network, operational expertise and air route authorities cannot be replicated by the competition. With FDX, our customers have a strategic competitive weapon to squeeze time, mass and cost from the supply chain.

CHAIRMAN'S LETTER P 5

Looking ahead, FDX will seize opportunities to drive revenue growth and build bottom-line results for our stockholders. We are focused on three primary growth strategies: 1) A collaborative sales process that leverages our shared customer relationships; 2) Aggressive global marketing of the broad FDX portfolio to targeted prospective customers; and 3) Strategic application of information systems to reduce costs and improve customer access and connectivity. We see a very bright future for FDX ­ and we're not alone in our confidence. In June 1998, Wired magazine selected FDX as one of 40 "New Blue Chips," companies that are "building the new

= A NEW BRAND
economy (using) technology, networks and information to reshape the world." Of the 40 companies cited for possessing fundamental qualities necessary to succeed in a fast-changing economy ­ globalism, communication, innovation, technology and strategic vision ­ FDX was the only company deemed to possess all five fundamentals as core business elements. Thank you for your investment of capital and confidence in this new brand of leadership we call FDX. We expect to reward your investment by demonstrating that FDX equals a historic opportunity for growth, profitability and market leadership.
Frederick W. Smith Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

P 6 CHAIRMAN'S LETTER

