6
To Our Shareowners:
In times like these, it’s easy for companies to let the economy manage them. It’s easy to get swept up in putting out the next fire. It’s easy to think short-term.
But FedEx has always been focused on the future, and we believe tough times only punctuate the need to think long-term.
Accordingly, we continue to look at what the world of commerce needs for the long haul, even when the economy is in a recession.
SO WHAT DO WE SEE?
• A growing need for access, as the world’s people and
economies become more interconnected.
• An expectation, shared between FedEx and our
customers, that we’ll provide our services in responsible
and resourceful ways.
• A demand for new levels of understanding — not just
information — about supply chains and everything in them.
These are three critical areas in which FedEx continues to invest — access, efficiency, and understanding — to stay competitive in good times and bad.
A WIDEr nET
Billions of people the world over need fast access
to ideas, goods, and opportunities. We continue to strategically expand our networks to provide more access points to more customers. For example, in the past year, we opened our new Guangzhou, China, hub, our largest outside the United States. It will help us better serve customers doing business in China and the broader Asia-Pacific markets. In addition, we added domestic express service within Mexico, expanded next-day service from Europe to the U.S. East Coast, and initiated ocean-ground distribution on the West Coast through FedEx Trade networks. In Canada, we launched FedEx SmartPost service. Despite the weak economy, we continue to expand our service portfolio — putting the right capabilities in the right places and expanding access to the global economy for our customers.
IMPrOVED EFFICIEnCy
To conserve energy and improve profitability, we need to move more things with fewer resources. That’s why we continue to invest in efficient equipment and processes. We have three solar facilities already running in California, and we have broken ground this past fiscal year on what will be our largest solar plant and our first outside the U.S., in Cologne, Germany. We are investing in alternative fuels as well as more fuel-efficient aircraft that lower emissions and use significantly less fuel per pound transported. With a goal of making our vehicles 20 percent more efficient by 2020, we continue to invest in our hybrid-electric vehicle fleet and in all-electric prototypes. Furthermore, we are cutting transit times and fuel use through smarter routing based on new proprietary software.
We are also streamlining our processes. Through quality Driven Management (qDM) we’ve taken a whole new approach to standardizing quality across the entire company. We aim to make sure every FedEx experience is not only outstanding but also consistent — for
every customer, every time. We’re also realigning our organization and resources to concentrate on those things that matter most — how to improve the customer experience and be easier to do business with. qDM simultaneously lowers costs and improves efficiency.
nEW TECHnOLOGIES
To keep pace with a fast-changing marketplace, companies need to develop a greater understanding of market tools and customer needs. As a consequence, we’re providing new technologies that anticipate and respond to rapid changes in global supply chains. These aren’t just bells and whistles, but changes that really count. For instance, we are exploring ways to expand our frozen-shipping capabilities for the life sciences industry, so that products can remain frozen for extended periods, unlike dry-ice shipping, which often requires re-icing during transit. We’ve refreshed our online tracking tools to increase the visibility of shipments via the Web through desktop or mobile devices. We pioneered a new aircraft avionics system that will dramatically improve efficiency
MESSAGE FrOM THE CHAIrMAn

during takeoff and landing of our aircraft. FedEx Freight initiated a 10:30 a.m. delivery commitment option, a first for the less-than-truckload freight industry. FedEx Trade Networks introduced a service to help customers meet new U.S. Customs filing requirements.
PURPLE CULTURE
As we invest in the future, we continue to stay true to
our core values and to our team members. Our Purple Promise — to make every FedEx experience outstanding — is the foundation of our business. And that promise begins with our FedEx culture. Even in difficult times, we are focused on our talented team members. They are the face of FedEx in the marketplace, and they’re the ones who continually improve our customer experience. Through their extraordinary efforts, we have weathered the stormy economy better than most.
Even during a recession, our people make the great FedEx reputation shine. They helped us net several awards such as FORTUNE’s “Top 10 World’s Most Admired” and “100 Best Companies to Work for” as well as a No. 1 ranking
in customer service on the Harris Interactive Reputation QuotientTM survey. We have also been cited as one of the best places to work in more than 27 countries around
the world. We are proud of this recognition and always remember it is the FedEx team that earned this!
MANAGING CHALLENGE AND CHANGE
Looking ahead means looking out for issues that can undermine our long-term success.
We have faced challenges to our independent business- owner model at FedEx Ground, but are pleased by two recent court victories. Both a Washington Superior Court decision and the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed
that FedEx Ground contractors are not employees. These decisions validate our long-standing position that FedEx Ground contractors are independent, small-business owners who are dedicated to managing their own companies.
Another major issue is the attempt by UPS and its allies
to disrupt the operation of our express company by changing the Railway Labor Act (RLA) under which it has been classified since it began operations in 1973. The RLA, passed in 1926, is designed to keep large, capital-intensive transport networks operating for the public good without exposure to local labor disputes. The status of FedEx Express as an RLA carrier has been upheld by the courts for many years, and we will vigorously oppose this clearly anti-competitive, self-serving legislation, given its potential injury to FedEx Express and our millions of customers.
FedEx also continues to press for access to open markets and open skies. Ninety-five percent of the world’s consumers live outside the United States, so we reject any protectionist measures in the U.S. or in other countries that penalize the goods and services of another country. International trade represents over a quarter of United States gross domestic product (GDP),
with exports alone supporting more than 12 million jobs. We will continue to take a strong stand in favor of trade equality in the marketplace and healthy competition that benefits consumers the world over. The post World War II record is clear: Opening markets creates new wealth and new employment. That’s what access is all about.
LOOKING LONG
Despite the strong economic headwinds, we are building on our strengths to produce outstanding results when the recovery occurs.
• We’ve built shock absorbers into our networks — that is,
the ability to flex up or down as economic conditions and volumes shift. It gives us the resiliency to power through hard times like the present.
• We are rich in committed people. Our team members
are the best in the industry, always ready to serve our customers and communities. In fact, we have continued to improve service levels during this tough economy. Our leadership team is more focused and collaborative than at any time in our history.
• Our Board of Directors shares a firm commitment to the highest standards of corporate governance, and we welcome Ambassador Susan C. Schwab, former U.S. Trade Representative, who joined our board in June. She is an expert on international trade policy and will serve on our Compensation Committee.
• We have a very strong balance sheet. In the last five years, we have reduced our debt by a billion dollars, while shareowner equity has risen from $8 billion to
$13.6 billion.
From the day this company was created, we’ve tried to envision, then build, what the commerce of the future
will require. As a result, we’ve given millions of people new access to one another’s products and ideas. We’ve changed what’s possible for our customers and allowed them to improve their businesses. With global economies in turmoil, we are not blind to reality. But we will not forget what has guided our company from the start: foresight. For more than 35 years we’ve been confident about a more prosperous future because we’ve been a big part of creating it.
In this respect, nothing has changed. Sincerely,
Frederick W. Smith
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 7
