 Letter from the chairman
electricity drawn from the grid and stored onboard in a battery — could radically reduce oil consumption in the United States. Electric vehicles would strengthen our economy, reduce national security and economic risks, and dramatically reduce emissions of greenhouse gases.
Today, we have our industry’s largest fleet of hybrid electric package-delivery trucks. We’re still expanding that fleet, but not just by buying new hybrids. We’ve also learned how to expand the useful lives of some conventional diesel trucks by retrofitting them with hybrid electric drive trains.
We’ve worked with Modec and Navistar to develop a new all-electric commercial delivery truck that we’re now using in London and Los Angeles. These electric delivery vehicles are particularly well suited for densely populated, moderate-climate urban areas, where they cut our direct operating costs by 60-80 percent per vehicle mile.
As the capital costs of these electric vehicles come down — and their battery capacity and range go up — we’ll be able to convert more of our fleet.
Of course, no one has figured out (just yet) how to power freighter aircraft with electricity. That’s why FedEx has a goal of getting 30 percent of our jet fuel from alternative fuels by 2030. We call it “30 by 30.”
Aviation represents a great opportunity for a transition to renewable fuel sources, if only because the infrastructure requirements are much lower. There are about 250,000 gasoline or diesel fueling points in the world, but there are only about 1,700 major aviation fueling points. Transitioning aviation to alternative fuels will be much easier than surface transport if renewable fuels become cost effective. The prospects look brighter every day, with jet fuel already being produced from algae and plants such as jatropha and camelina, albeit at cost levels that are not yet competitive with petroleum.
I can’t write about such far-reaching goals without offering our deepest thanks to Judy Estrin, the chief executive officer of JLabs LLC, whose more than 20 years of service on our Board of Directors will end with her retirement in September at our annual meeting. Her deep knowledge of science, information technology, and innovation made her counsel extremely valuable to our company.
Over almost four decades of operation, all of us at FedEx have broadened our view
of what’s possible and why our work matters. We make about eight million deliveries every day, but we deliver more than packages, freight, and business services. We deliver the opportunity for people to live the way they want to live. We deliver access to global supply chains and marketplaces. Millions of times every day, we efficiently put the products of the world within everyone’s easy reach. This creates value not only for our shareowners, but also for other stakeholders, whose lives we touch daily.
FedEx moves into FY11 in a strong position as the global economy recovers. Because we stayed focused on smart investments, service, and responsibility during the downturn, we believe we will increase earnings, cash flow, and capital returns as the global economy expands.
Sincerely,
FreDerick W. SmitH
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
   8
