A MESSAGE TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Your company laid the groundwork in 2014 for more sustainable growth in the years ahead. We made significant investments in our regulated utility operations to upgrade and strengthen our electric infrastructure, enhance the reliability of service to customers, achieve greater operating efficiencies, and meet the increased demand driven by the shale gas industry. These investments in our transmission and distribution businesses are designed to better position FirstEnergy for future success. Through pending and approved rate and regulatory proceedings in Ohio, Pennsylvania, New Jersey and West Virginia, we're focused on ensuring our electric rates are better aligned with the cost of maintaining and upgrading our system to meet the increasing energy needs of customers. We also set a new course for our competitive generation business that is intended to limit risk and enable us to take advantage of future market upside. We are creating a more solid foundation that will help us succeed in a difficult energy market and comply with new environmental requirements. These and other initiatives have placed your company in a much stronger position to meet the challenges that lie ahead. We are encouraged by this progress and the continued growth in our service area's commercial and industrial sectors.

Anthony J. Alexander

Executive Chairman of the FirstEnergy Corp. Board of Directors

Charles E. Jones

President and Chief Executive Officer

G R O W I N G O U R R E G U L AT E D O P E R AT I O N S
From 2014 through 2017, we expect to invest $4.2 billion in Energizing the Future, an initiative to modernize our transmission system across our 10 operating companies. This initiative focuses on strengthening one of the nation's largest transmission systems, which is expected to be our primary growth platform for years to come. As part of these efforts, we are deploying advanced technologies designed to enhance system reliability and security and to meet expected demand growth in our service area. Initial projects are moving forward along the backbone of our electric system in Ohio and our Penn Power service area. Our work is expected to expand east through 2017 and involve 7,400 circuit miles, 70,000 poles and towers, and upgrades to more than 170 substations. We're also building a stronger, more resilient system by reinforcing critical components and investing in smart technologies, including advanced grid monitoring to help prevent certain outages from occurring or to reduce their scale and duration. Real-time monitoring capabilities are

1

Top: Crews use a helicopter to safely hang wires on a tower during construction of a 115-mile transmission line connecting the Bruce Mansfield Plant in Shippingport, Pa., with our new Glenwillow Substation near Cleveland. Lower Right: New steam generators were installed at our Davis-Besse Nuclear Power Station near Toledo, Ohio, helping to ensure the plant will continue to provide clean, safe and reliable electricity for years to come.

2

designed to cut costs, support predictive maintenance, and help us make better decisions regarding when equipment should be scheduled for maintenance or replacement. In 2014 alone, we invested $1.4 billion on more than 1,100 projects to enhance the durability and flexibility of our transmission system. These efforts included rebuilding 140 miles of transmission lines and upgrading substations with advanced surveillance and security technologies. In addition, our investments are focused on meeting load growth in the Marcellus and Utica shale regions of our western Pennsylvania, eastern Ohio and West Virginia service areas. For example, we're building new infrastructure to accommodate the expected increase in demand for electricity from new shale gas facilities, pipeline compressor stations and other energy-intensive operations. Among other projects, construction of a new substation and transmission line near Clarksburg, W.Va., will support an existing gas processing plant and help reinforce the regional grid, and a planned transmission substation near Burgettstown, Pa., will serve a facility that separates natural gas into dry and liquid components while benefiting more than 40,000 customers of West Penn Power. We expect shale gas development to account for approximately 1,100 megawatts (MW) of new load over the next four years ­ the equivalent of about 1 million homes. This represents approximately 50 percent of our projected increase in industrial demand through 2019. We're also encouraged by five consecutive years of growth in the industrial sector of our distribution business. This trend is a strong indicator of our region's positive economic future. Several recent actions are designed to help ensure timely and appropriate recovery of our investments in our regulated operations while offering significant benefits to customers. The Public Service Commission of West Virginia approved our rate case settlement agreement for our Mon Power and Potomac Edison utilities. The agreement will result in recovery of approximately $63 million in additional revenues annually for reliability investments, storm damage expenses, and investments in operating improvements and environmental compliance at our regulated, coal-based power plants in the state. Our Powering Ohio's Progress plan, if approved as proposed, would freeze base distribution rates while helping ensure continued availability of more than 3,200 MW of our critical baseload generating assets serving the long-term energy needs of Ohio. The plan is designed to deliver significant benefits to our Ohio customers by helping safeguard them from future retail price increases and volatility, promoting economic development, retaining local jobs, preserving local tax revenues, and powering manufacturing and other industries. In February 2015, our Pennsylvania operating companies filed for approval of comprehensive settlement agreements that

will bring our revenues in line with our costs, help ensure continued reliability, and provide service enhancements to customers. In March 2015, the Administrative Law Judges recommended to the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission that the settlement agreements be approved. In New Jersey, the Board of Public Utilities' March 18, 2015, ruling on Jersey Central Power & Light's rate case enabled recovery of $736 million in expenses incurred to restore service following devastating storms in 2011 and 2012. The ruling is expected to result in a revenue reduction of approximately $34 million. In addition, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) accepted our rate proposal for our ATSI subsidiary, which controls 7,400 circuit miles of transmission lines. The proposal, which is subject to refund based on the final outcome of the case, features a forward-looking transmission rate structure to enable more timely cost recovery and investment return. In 2014, we also moved forward with a program to install approximately 2 million smart meters across our Pennsylvania service area, scheduled to be completed by mid-2019. Pennsylvania law requires us to provide smart meters to all customers and allows for recovery of costs related to this program. Our company continues to leverage other advanced technologies to enhance service reliability to customers and improve efficiency. For example, we rolled out new applications for smart phones and mobile computers that enable our employees to quickly provide information about hazards and damage following major storms. The data is automatically transferred to field dispatchers, enabling them to more effectively prioritize work and expedite power restoration efforts. We're also offering customers more ways to stay connected with us, including text messaging, alerts and an enhanced mobile website.

3

SETTING A NEW COURSE FOR OUR COMPETITIVE BUSINESS
In the face of evolving competitive markets, we took proactive steps to reposition our competitive generation business, with a focus on reducing our exposure to risk and pursuing higher-margin sales while leaving a portion of the generation we produce available to capture future market opportunities. As part of our repositioning efforts, we are limiting our exposure to weather-sensitive demand in mass market and certain commercial and industrial (C&I) sales channels. We intend to maintain our sales efforts to attract strategic, large C&I customers whose demand for electricity is mostly unaffected by weather. We also are continuing sales to Ohio governmental aggregation communities and pursuing wholesale power auctions where opportunities align with our generation portfolio. Both of these channels produce positive margins and involve minimal customer acquisition costs. We believe this strategy will better position us to benefit from opportunities as markets improve while limiting the risk from continued challenging market conditions. As we pursue this new strategy, we also remain vigilant in our efforts to prudently manage capital expenditures across our generating fleet. For example, at our Beaver Valley Nuclear Power Station, we deferred from 2017 to 2020 a planned Unit 2 reactor head and steam generator replacement after determining the unit can continue to operate safely and reliably. We're confident that these and other actions have placed our competitive business in a more stable position, enabling us to assess market conditions and participate when, and where, opportunities are most promising.

Our new Waldo Run transmission substation in Doddridge County, W.Va., supports the area's Marcellus shale gas industry and enhances service reliability for Mon Power customers.

4

M E E T I N G E N V I R O N M E N TA L REQUIREMENTS
In June 2014, as part of its efforts to reduce U.S. greenhouse gas emissions under the Clean Air Act, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) proposed state-specific guidelines for the regulation of carbon dioxide (CO2) from existing power plants. Scheduled to be finalized in mid-summer of this year, the EPA proposal ­ called the Clean Power Plan ­ would provide guidance to the states for developing implementation plans to reduce their power sector emission rates. The EPA also separately proposed standards for regulating carbon emissions from new, modified or reconstructed power plants. We're concerned about a proposal that currently allows only 6 percent of existing nuclear generation, which emits no CO2, to count toward achieving emission reduction targets. We also will monitor new details that emerge as the regulatory process evolves and as state regulators design their implementation plans. While the EPA's proposed carbon standards are being challenged in the courts, we continue to make significant progress in improving the environmental performance of our generating fleet. By adjusting the mix of our generating assets during the past three years, we're now operating a cleaner, more efficient portfolio. In 2015, nearly 100 percent of the power we produce is expected to come from low- or non-emitting sources, including nuclear, scrubbed coal, natural gas and renewable energy. Through these and other environmental efforts, we are on track to achieve a 25 percent reduction below 2005 levels of CO2 emissions this year. We also are on target to exceed benchmarks established by the EPA's Mercury and Air Toxics Standards. As part of this effort, we have identified several opportunities to reduce compliance costs, and now expect to spend a total of approximately $370 million on this effort.

L E A D I N G T H E C H A R G E F O R V I TA L MARKET REFORMS
We actively support efforts to ensure competitive energy markets adequately value baseload coal and nuclear plants, which are essential to maintaining grid reliability. These efforts helped produce initial market reforms supporting price stability and service reliability for our customers. Extreme weather events, including record low temperatures in January 2014, resulted in power price volatility, underscoring the implications of our region's growing dependence on less-reliable resources. These include natural gas, which is challenged by supply system constraints; demand response, which depends on customers curtailing their electricity consumption during peak periods; and intermittent renewables. We're encouraged by a Capacity Performance product developed by our regional transmission organization, PJM Interconnection, to recognize the value of baseload generation. The product is a step in the right direction and may provide additional revenue to generating resources that have onsite fuel storage, a high degree of availability and operational flexibility. We will continue to work closely with PJM to improve the proposal, as well as to pursue other efforts that recognize the value of a diverse and dependable generating fleet.

Top Right: Projects underway at our Fort Martin Power Station in Maidsville, W.Va., are designed to enhance the plant's performance and prepare it to meet new environmental requirements. Lower Right: This environmental control equipment is part of a $1.8 billion retrofit completed in 2010 at our W.H. Sammis Plant in Stratton, Ohio.

5

BUILDING ON OUR MOMENTUM
We're confident that the aggressive steps we took during 2014 will help deliver greater financial stability, build shareholder value, and better position your company for future success. We are continuously evolving to meet the energy needs of our customers who rely on electricity to power their businesses and everyday lives. Regardless of the challenges that lie ahead, our dedicated employees will remain focused on producing and delivering safe, reliable, affordable and clean electricity to our customers. We thank you for your continued support of FirstEnergy.

Dear Fellow Shareholders: It's been a great privilege to serve as FirstEnergy's president and chief executive officer and, more recently, as executive chairman of your Board of Directors. I'm proud of our management team and what we've been able to accomplish together. Starting with the 1997 merger that formed FirstEnergy, we created one of the nation's largest energy companies, serving 6 million customers across a six-state service area. In recent years, we enhanced the reliability of our regulated utilities and improved the efficiency of our competitive generating fleet. And, in 2014, we focused our efforts on achieving more sustainable growth for your company in the future. As our employees prepare for the challenges that lie ahead, I'm confident they will succeed under the leadership of your new president and CEO, Chuck Jones. Chuck and the entire FirstEnergy team remain dedicated to enhancing the value of your investment. Thank you for your support.

Anthony J. Alexander Executive Chairman of the FirstEnergy Corp. Board of Directors Charles E. Jones President and Chief Executive Officer March 18, 2015

6

