Letter to Shareholders

William P. Foley, II Executive Chairman

Lee A. Kennedy President and Chief Executive Officer

To Our Valued Shareholders:
The serious challenges that impacted the mortgage industry and credit markets in 2007 escalated in 2008, spreading to broader markets and leading to a global recession. In spite of this turmoil, FIS generated strong growth in revenue, operating earnings and free cash flow, demonstrating the strength of our balanced business model, our products, and our people. These attributes, together with our highly recurring revenue sources and strong customer retention rates, also helped to mitigate weakness in certain market segments and product lines. Early in 2008, we implemented a series of cost reduction initiatives in anticipation of a potential downturn in discretionary spending by financial institutions. This quick and decisive action enabled us to achieve the high end of our earnings objective in 2008 and will provide incremental benefit in 2009. At the same time, our sales force redirected their efforts towards solutions to help our financial institution customers manage through the current environment.

Strength and Stability ­ 2008 Results
Our management team focused on four primary objectives in 2008 ­ organic revenue growth; earnings growth; enhanced capital expenditure control; and improving free cash flow. We made substantial progress in executing on each of these initiatives, as revenue growth, earnings, capital expenditures and free cash flow exceeded our expectations for the year. Our diverse markets, unmatched product breadth and global reach provided excellent opportunities to further penetrate our broad customer base and also expand our footprint in Russia, Thailand, Turkey and Pakistan. Consolidated revenue increased 18 percent to a record $3.4 billion in 2008, driven by 15 percent growth in Financial Solutions, 18 percent growth in Payment Solutions and 23 percent growth in International. Organic revenue growth, which excludes acquisitions, was 4.7 percent. Adjusted earnings per share increased 26.3 percent to $1.49(1).

(1)

Refer to inside back cover for reconciliations of non-GAAP measures.  1

These solid results are attributable to high customer retention rates, our strong and unified sales approach and disciplined expense management. During the past five years, FIS has made significant investments to expand the functionality and improve the efficiency of our existing platforms. We have also invested in new technologies that will enable our customers to compete more effectively in the increasingly dynamic marketplace. The completion of these major strategic capital initiatives, together with improved allocation of investment dollars and more efficient use of development resources drove a $43 million reduction in capital expenditures in 2008. Free cash flow, adjusted for acquisition related items, increased $190 million, or 113 percent, to $358 million in 2008 . The improvement was
(1)

generating strong cash flow to re-invest in our businesses, reduce our debt, return capital to shareholders and pursue targeted acquisitions. In 2008, our free cash was used to repurchase $236 million of common stock, reduce outstanding debt by $176 million and pay shareholder dividends of $38 million. Also during 2008, we completed a series of initiatives aimed at building a more focused and efficient organization and enhancing our competitive position around the world. In July, we successfully spun off our Lender Processing Services division as a new public company. The spin-off has enabled management at both companies to concentrate on their respective core operations. We also completed the sale of three non-strategic businesses, including FIS Credit, Certegy Gaming Services and Check Australia. These transactions have allowed us to redeploy capital and other resources to enhance growth in our core operations.

driven by higher earnings and ongoing efforts to better manage working capital and capital expenditures. We will continue to focus on

2008 Segment Revenue

22%

34%

44%

Financial Solutions Payment Solutions International
2

A Look Ahead
We are proud to have achieved the goals that we outlined in the beginning of 2008 and are pleased with the consistently strong operating performance of our Company. The strategic investments and product initiatives that we have implemented over the past five years are producing tangible, measurable results. FIS is recognized as a global industry leader, and was named the number one banking technology provider in the world by American Banker and the research firm Financial Insights in the 2008 FinTech 100 rankings. In spite of our excellent operating results, 2008 was an extremely difficult year for the financial markets, and FIS was not immune to the broad market downturn. Our stock price declined 30 percent, compared to a 34 percent decline in the Dow Jones Industrial average and a 39 percent decline for the Standard and Poor's 500 Index. The current economic challenges are expected to continue into the foreseeable future, and we will continue to manage our Company accordingly. However, we remain cautiously optimistic with the momentum we have coming into 2009, and believe that by continuing to focus on serving our customers, managing our business and executing to our plan, FIS will drive long-term value for our shareholders. We thank our customers and shareholders for their ongoing support and our employees for their hard work and dedication.

· Through internal development and strategic acquisitions, FIS has significantly expanded the breadth and depth of our product offerings in highgrowth markets. · FIS continues to generate strong organic growth by developing new solutions for customers around the globe.

Sincerely,

William P. Foley, II Executive Chairman

Lee A. Kennedy President and Chief Executive Officer

(1)

Refer to inside back cover for reconciliations of non-GAAP measures.  3

