To Our Valued Shareholders:
Businesses around the globe faced another year of economic uncertainty in 2009. Even the most stable and most successful companies have had to adjust priorities and refine their business models in order to provide higher value to clients. However, while 2009 was challenging in many respects, it was also a year of many new opportunities and notable achievements for our company.

In addition to delivering on our 2009 financial commitments, we successfully completed the acquisition of Metavante Technologies. The combination positions FIS as the leader in the financial services technology and payments industries, and further strengthens our competitive position with unmatched scale, product capability and market breadth. Bank Technology News characterized the merger as "arguably the most important financial technology deal of the decade," in the October 2009 "FinTech 100" issue. We believe our increased scale and product capability will enable us to serve clients more effectively, operate our business more efficiently, and provide us with greater capacity to invest in new technology and product innovation. Concurrent with combining the companies, FIS launched a new corporate branding initiative to further exemplify our strong market reputation and global presence. The "new" FIS operates as one company with the dedication to value every client, protect each relationship and never compromise our unmatched standards of excellence. We are very pleased with the progression of the integration of the two companies, which is a direct result of the talent and dedication of our employees worldwide. Strong Performance in Uncertain Times ­ 2009 Operating Highlights Strong execution of our business plan enabled us to generate solid operating results in 2009 and further contribute to the ongoing strength and stability of FIS. Revenue from continuing operations rose to $3.8 billion in 2009 compared to $3.4 billion in 2008. The increase in revenue was driven primarily by the Metavante acquisition, which was completed on October 1, 2009. While organic revenue growth remained challenging throughout the year, our ability to effectively manage costs enabled us to achieve double-digit growth in adjusted earnings per share1. Growth in operating earnings before impairment charges, coupled with prudent balance sheet management, produced cash from operations in excess of $700 million, which we used to repay debt, fund capital investments and pay shareholder dividends. Our balance sheet remains strong with a total debt-to-capital ratio of 28 percent as of December 31, 2009 compared to 40 percent at year-end 2008. Our strong financial results, a favorable view of the Metavante acquisition and a resilient equity market contributed to strong stock performance in 2009. Shares of FIS stock rose 44.1 percent and outperformed the S&P 500® index, which increased 23.5 percent, and the Dow Jones Industrial Average, which rose 18.8 percent in 2009.

Willliam P. Foley, II Executive Chairman of the Board

Frank R. Martire President and Chief Executive Officer

1

Adjusted earnings per share exclude the after-tax impact of merger and acquisition and integration expenses, LPS spin-off related costs, accelerated stock compensation charges associated with merger and acquisition activity, acquisition related amortization and certain other costs.

5

FINANCIAL and PAYMENTs technology

·

Business Outsourcing

·

TECHNOLOGY SERVICES

A Strong Business Model Our balanced operating model is driven by a diverse client base, broad geographic reach, multi-year contracts and high client retention rates. We expect organic account growth, together with ongoing trends by our clients to outsource technology functions and centralize back-office operations, to continue to generate growth opportunities for FIS. We are also focused on expanding our market share by leveraging our newly combined product offerings and client base. At the same time, we are keenly focused on achieving meaningful cost efficiencies and operating leverage. All of these factors position FIS to achieve sustainable long-term organic revenue growth, strong profitability and excellent free cash flow.

FIS has achieved significant scale through organic growth and targeted acquisitions.
$4,000 $3,500 Revenue ($ in Millions) $3,000 $2,500 $2,000 $1,500 $1,000 $500 $0 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009

Market Leadership FIS consistently holds a leading position in the annual FinTech 100 rankings. We were also pleased to be recognized by many industry experts in 2009 for our strong market presence, service excellence, financial performance and product innovation:

· Identified by Aite Group as "the most used and most admired core banking vendor by CIOs of the top 120 banks in North America by asset size" · Named "Best Prepaid Service Provider" by a panel of experts from across Europe for innovation and best practices within the prepaid industry · Named to BusinessWeek's "InfoTech 100," a ranking of the top technology companies that have managed to thrive in the face of the global recession · Named one of the top five leaders in the Technology Innovation category for our Credit Union Fraud Claim Automation Solution during the FSO Knowledge Exchange's (FSOkx) 3rd Annual Financial Services Industry Transformation and Outsourcing Strategies Forum · Ranked as the number-one mobile banking vendor by ABI Research Driving Success for the Long Term Our ability to drive long-term value for our clients and shareholders depends on our capacity to adapt to an increasingly dynamic and global marketplace without compromising our standards of excellence. FIS is stronger, more competitive and better equipped to meet the needs of an industry that continues to experience significant change. We remain highly committed to serving our clients and contributing to the continued growth and long-term success of FIS. On behalf of the FIS Board of Directors, we thank our clients and shareholders for their ongoing support and our employees for their hard work and dedication. Sincerely,

Willliam P. Foley, II Executive Chairman of the Board

Frank R. Martire President and Chief Executive Officer

A World of Potential

6

