TO OUR VALUED SHAREHOLDERS:
The financial services industry of today is vastly different than 10 years ago. It may be unrecognizable in the next decade. At FIS, we embrace this pace of change. We recognize that disruption creates opportunities. And we're poised to capitalize on those opportunities for our company and the more than 20,000 clients we serve globally. From new mobile capabilities designed in San Francisco to consumer-led digital design in London, game-changing financial inclusion technologies in Bangalore and venture center financial technology investments in Little Rock, we're investing in innovations that are shaping what's possible in financial services. We see what's ahead for our industry because we have the insight and experience to power the mission-critical systems that run it.

10

BILLION

In 2015, we took a milestone step forward in our growth plans when we acquired SunGard at year end. This highly strategic combination is a meaningful value creator for FIS. It expands us beyond our traditional retail banking and payments footprint into institutional and wholesale banking as well as buy-side organizations. We are now even better positioned to deliver long-term value to you by driving growth into current and new markets with our broadened solutions portfolio. Our nearly 40-year track record of growth has created the $9 billion+ company we are today serving organizations from community and regional banks to the largest financial institutions globally. Our unmatched scale, portfolio and market expertise are the building blocks for the even more successful company we will become tomorrow.

We exited 2015 with solid momentum, finishing the year by increasing adjusted revenue by 3% to $6.6 billion, growing adjusted EBITDA 5% to $2 billion, and producing adjusted earnings per share growth of 4% to $3.22. We generated $921 million in free cash flow and returned $605 million to shareholders. We also delivered a strong balance sheet and maintained our investment grade status in the face of the largest acquisition in our history. These factors, combined with a large percentage of high-quality and IP-led revenue, speak to the soundness of our strategy and the stability of our company. In addition, SunGard's high-quality revenue streams increase the stability and predictability of our compelling business model. Today, we are continuing our track record of delivering constant growth. We outperformed the S&P 500 by approximately 150% between 2008 and 2015 and continue to maximize our cash returned to you year after year. Our businesses are performing well. Our 400+ solutions portfolio is the broadest in our industry. And our leverage and scale are unmatched in our marketplace. We are confident that our future performance will exceed our previous success, and we are committed to deliver enhanced value for you.

DELIVERING RESULTS IN 2015

Financial services leadership requires scale, breadth and depth. The following examples showcase how we leveraged these differentiating attributes in 2015 to win new business with institutions of all sizes in the geographic markets we serve.

A YEAR OF GROWTH IN OUR STRATEGIC MARKETS

We drive differentiating solutions. In North America, we leveraged the strength of our full solutions portfolio to create deeper relationships with our community and regional institution clients. In particular, we saw continued demand for our digital suite, which grew to greater than $250 million in revenues at margins over 40%. We create new possibilities. We also saw increasing demand for our expanded wealth management solutions from institutions of all sizes as they continue to pursue strategies to replace lost revenue streams. Also notable is our success in new core processing signings for the year from community banks to large financial institutions, which almost doubled the number of deals we signed in 2014. These 2015 wins create strong momentum for 2016 and beyond. We solve global problems. Fueled by solid demand for real-time payments, our corporate payments business, Clear2Pay, showed very strong momentum, growing approximately 20% for the full year. In Europe, we continued to show positive sales momentum, especially in the UK and Germany, where we saw important wins across the year that will drive continued growth in 2016. We serve high-growth markets. Asia continued to show strong growth throughout 2015. With the SunGard acquisition, we've more than doubled our sales force in the region, creating wider and deeper sales channels throughout this high-growth part of the world. We enable growth. In Latin America, where our growth has slowed due to the region's sluggish economy, we were encouraged to see one of our key clients purchase a large card portfolio, expanding their franchise for future growth while positioning FIS to increase our revenue stream as these cards move into the processing portfolio.

In 2015, we continued to reshape the company through our acquisition of SunGard. Our now more than 400 solutions create a portfolio that is deeper and broader than any other within our industry. We will capitalize on the incredible opportunity to combine these portfolio assets in exciting new ways to deliver enhanced value to our clients. From the close of the acquisition, we've seen a great deal of interest in our expanded enterprise banking and capital markets capabilities ­ not only from global financial institutions but also from regional and community bank clients who are investing in digital, treasury and wealth management solutions. We are incredibly excited about the opportunities we have ahead. I am pleased to report that all of our integration efforts are on or ahead of schedule. FIS has a proven track record of meeting or exceeding our synergy targets for acquisitions, and based on progress to date, we are confident we will exit 2016 at our synergy run rate goal of $100 million and are confident in our ability to exit 2017 with a synergy run rate of $200 million.

LEVERAGING THE POWER OF A DIFFERENTIATING ACQUISITION

In looking back, 2015 was a year of strong action for FIS. We stayed the course on our strategy while evolving our organization to better leverage our broader assets and deepen our talent. Our long-term success will always be driven by our unwavering commitment to strategic execution, service excellence and championing the needs of our clients. I am confident that these growth opportunities, combined with our foundational Guiding Principles and focus on solid financial discipline, will deliver continuing value to you. In my first year as CEO of FIS and throughout my 27 years with the company, I've never been more optimistic of what lies ahead. On behalf of the FIS Board of Directors, I would like to thank our clients and shareholders for their ongoing support. I also want to thank our more than 55,000 employees around the globe for their dedication, hard work and commitment. Together, we are empowering the financial world. Sincerely,

MOVING FORWARD

Gary Norcross President and Chief Executive Officer

