To our valued shareholders:
The year 2006 was one of significant accomplishments for our company, marked by strong financial performance, excellent sales momentum and the successful execution of our business plan. Consolidated pro forma revenue increased 8.8 percent to $4.2 billion, driven by impressive results across all business channels. Strategic investments in new products and services, together with enhancements to existing platforms, including channel solutions and
William P. Foley, II
Executive Chairman

mortgage processing have further strengthened our competitive position, enabling us to increase market share and service our existing customers more effectively. Our International division led the way with revenue growth of 26.6 percent over the prior year, followed by 9.1 percent growth in Integrated Financial Solutions (our community based institution group) and 9 percent growth in Mortgage Information Services. The growth in Mortgage Information Services is particularly impressive given a 20 percent market decline in mortgage refinancing activity, and illustrates the advantages of a well-balanced and diversified product mix. Record new sales in 2006 are expected to generate more than $3 billion in contract revenue over the next 10 years. The strong sales momentum was driven by our comprehensive product offering, the ability to leverage key customer relationships and the growing trend by financial

         FIDELITY NATIONAL INFORMATION SERVICES

institutions to outsource back office functions. New contract signings in 2006 included an outsourced mortgage processing agreement with Chase, a credit card processing agreement with BB&T BankCard Corporation and appraisal services for one of the five largest mortgage originators in the United States. Internationally, we significantly expanded our presence in Brazil through new agreements with three of the country's largest financial institutions. The first was the formation of a new credit card processing joint venture with Banco Bradesco S.A., and Banco ABN Amro Real, which resulted in FIS becoming Brazil's largest third-party card service provider. Additionally, we established a new item processing and business process outsourcing operation to provide check clearing and settlement services to Unibanco and ABN Amro Real. Demand for our core processing and card issuer services in Europe and Asia Pacific was also strong. Another significant achievement in 2006 was the February completion of the merger between FIS and Certegy. The combination created the industry's most comprehensive range of technology solutions for financial services companies, including core deposit, consumer loan, mortgage loan processing, and card issuer services, plus a wide range of complementary products and services. As part of the merger, we centralized many of our corporate functions, including human resources,
Lee A. Kennedy
President and Chief Executive Officer

FIDELITY NATIONAL INFORMATION SERVICES          

accounting and marketing. By consolidating these operations, we are able to better communicate, leverage individual talent and expertise across business units and provide a higher level of support throughout the organization. The nearly seamless integration of Certegy and FIS enabled us to achieve our targeted expense savings, while at the same time generate significant merger-related cross sales in Integrated Financial Solutions. In November, we further expanded our Lender Processing Services product set with the acquisition of Watterson Prime, a leading provider of due diligence services to the secondary real estate market. In addition to achieving excellent financial performance, FIS enhanced shareholder value through the distribution of common stock to shareholders of our former parent company, which resulted in FIS becoming a wholly independent operating entity. The new operating structure provides FIS with more flexibility with respect to potential merger and acquisition transactions and increased stock liquidity. We also repurchased $160 million of our common stock. In January 2007, we completed the refinancing of our principal credit facilities, which will result in significant savings compared to the prior arrangement. The successful execution of our business plan and other strategic initiatives have significantly improved our competitive position through

         FIDELITY NATIONAL INFORMATION SERVICES

greater scale, expanded core processing and ancillary product capabilities and a stronger global presence. In November, FIS was recognized as the number one bank service provider by American Banker and Financial Insights and claimed the number two spot in the FinTech 100 Rankings. FIS was also added to Standard & Poor's 500 Index. These distinctive awards accentuate our leadership position as a premier provider of technology services to the financial institution industry. Our business plan for 2007 will be a continuation of the strategies that drove our success in 2006. We will focus on generating higher revenue growth by strengthening our relationships with existing customers and expanding our presence in the markets we serve. We will continue to seek opportunities to increase productivity, create a more efficient cost structure and generate strong cash flow. We would like to thank our customers, employees and shareholders for their dedication and support during our first year as a new public company. Our strong performance in 2006 and the initiatives underway for 2007 provide a great foundation for the continued growth and success of FIS. William P. Foley, II Executive Chairman Sincerely,

LEE A. KENNEDY President and Chief Executive Officer

FIDELITY NATIONAL INFORMATION SERVICES          

