TO OUR VALUED SHAREHOLDERS:
A year ago, I wrote to you of a major milestone in the ongoing evolution of FIS. We had just announced the purchase of SunGard, the largest acquisition in our nearly 50-year history. This strategic combination opened us to new growth markets and greatly enhanced our solution portfolio and global reach ­ creating a company of greater than $9 billion in revenue with unmatched leverage and scale in serving the full spectrum of financial services organizations.

Global Portfolio Spanning Breadth of Financial Services

Asset Management Post-trade Derivatives

Operations

Securities Finance & Processing

Deposits

Trading

EMPOWERING THE FINANCIAL WORLD

$

Channels

Risk & Compliance

Cards

Wealth

Loans

OUR RESULTS IN 2016
DEMONSTRATED THE POWER OF THIS NEW REACH AND SCALE.
It was an excellent year for FIS as we exceeded our financial goals and delivered total shareholder returns of;

2017 as we closed the sale of our public sector and education businesses, using the net proceeds to further reduce debt.

ACCELERATING THE PACE OF TECHNOLOGICAL INNOVATION
Our results in 2016 confirm the assumptions that underpin our long-term growth strategy: In today's dynamic and competitive financial services marketplace, scale matters. Global reach matters. Breadth and depth of portfolio matter. And they matter more than ever at this time of technological change. From mobile and cloud computing to artificial intelligence, bots and blockchain, new technologies are transforming the way financial organizations around the world move money, process payments, manage their liquidity, trade securities, and settle and clear transactions. By removing friction from financial processes, the forces of digitization are opening new levels of speed and convenience for consumers while enabling newfound speed and efficiencies for our clients. The world is becoming steadily smaller even as the technological challenges become ever more complex. To seize the possibilities of this brave new world of digitization, financial institutions need to accelerate the adoption of innovative technologies, for the benefit of their customers. Those who don't heed the call will be left behind.

27%

MORE THAN DOUBLE THAT OF THE S&P 500

WE GREW ADJUSTED REVENUE ORGANICALLY BY

5% TO $9.43 BILLION
WHILE INCREASING ADJUSTED EARNINGS PER SHARE BY

19% TO $3.82
WE ALSO GENERATED AN IMPRESSIVE

$1.5

BILLION IN FREE CASH FLOW

IMPORTANTLY, GROWTH WAS BROAD-BASED ACROSS ALL OPERATING SEGMENTS.
The SunGard acquisition has been a meaningful value creator for both our shareholders and our clients. We have captured a steady stream of new wins and expanded business by leveraging opportunities to cross sell and up sell our broadened portfolio to our clients. Continuing our positive history of exceeding our commitments when integrating transformational acquisitions, we are on track to deliver more than $275 million of cost synergies exiting 2017 ­ nearly 40% above our original target. The addition of SunGard's IP-led solutions also helped fuel a significant improvement in the revenue and margin profile of our Global Financial Solutions segment in 2016. Importantly, in 2016 we also stayed focused on maintaining a strong balance sheet. We reduced debt outstanding by $1 billion during the year while returning $341 million to shareholders in dividends. That progress continued in early

LEVERAGING THE POWER OF OUR GLOBAL SCALE AND REACH
FIS has always been about applying leading-edge technology and thinking to solving the mission-critical needs of our clients. Today, that heritage of innovation continues, only on a bigger stage. Even as we continue to deliver the newest generations of modern banking technology to financial services companies that we have served for decades, our solutions are enabling mobile banking for millions of customers, powering advanced global payments networks, processing billions of dollars of financial trades records and fund manager assets, and helping financial institutions better assess risk and prevent financial crime.

