To Our Fellow Shareholders
2010 was a year of delivering on commitments and positioning Fiserv for the future. We returned to growth and achieved our financial goals. We deepened our commitment to serving clients through a clear market strategy, and increased our focus on innovation, which underlies the future success of your company. Every minute, every day ­ we focused on creating value. We saw a more stable economic environment during the year and, at times, a genuine sense of optimism seemed to permeate the industry. Still, the uncertainty in the legislative and regulatory landscape continued to pressure financial institutions. We don't believe the marketplace can fully recover until the rules of the game are clear and institutions can make decisions on how to move forward. Improved economic stability was a welcome reprieve from the consternation of 2009. However, stability and normalcy are not synonymous. We believe "normal" is still out on the horizon and contend it will look very different than the normal we once knew. Normal in tomorrow's terms will likely be defined by a more dynamic, expansive, 24x7 world, where expectations evolve at light speed. Although we believe the effort to stay ahead of the new expectations curve will be monumental, the rewards for those who embrace the new standard should be extraordinary. At Fiserv, we are not waiting for the market to normalize. We intend to influence the recovery for our clients by delivering solutions that anticipate the forward motion of the market and help them enhance revenue, increase efficiency and build stronger bonds with their customers. We believe our technology and experience will play an important role in our clients' future success by preparing them for new market standards.

Normal in tomorrow's terms will likely be defined by a more dynamic, expansive, 24x7 world, where expectations evolve at light speed.

Financial Commitments
$4 $3.9

Three key priorities shared in 2010 provide a basis to assess our performance and gauge our strategic progress. We produced record financial results and, as important, enhanced our position for the future. Our priorities were: · Deliver positive adjusted internal revenue growth and meet our earnings commitments · Center the Fiserv culture on growth, leading to improved enterprise win rates

3

2

· Provide innovative solutions that increase differentiation and enhance results for our clients
1

0 06 07 08 09 10 Adjusted Revenue (in billions) CAGR: 12%

Over the last several years, we have transformed our business to relentlessly focus on those areas where we have established ­ or have a clear path to ­ a leadership position. Our progress to date has resulted in a more resilient, high-quality revenue stream with increased growth potential. After a slight decline in 2009, we returned to positive revenue growth, achieving one percent for the year. We continue to invest in solutions that move our clients forward while generating sustainable earnings growth for us. At the same time, we are taking steps to refine our structure and enhance our ability to further invest in value creation. >

3

2010 marked the 25th consecutive year that we achieved double-digit growth in adjusted earnings per share.

Jeff Yabuki, President and CEO

Adjusted earnings per share increased 11 percent to a record $4.05 per share. This performance marked the 25th consecutive time ­ each year since we became a public company ­ that we achieved double-digit growth. Adjusted operating margin was up 70 basis points for the year reflecting our significant scale, commitment to high-quality revenue and strong expense management.
$5.00 $4.85

4.00

3.00

We remain focused on building our recurring free cash flow. Our business model produces high levels of growing "cash on the barrelhead, " and that cash flow is a differentiated element of our value proposition. For the year, free cash flow increased by 10 percent to $735 million, and free cash flow per share was up an even higher 13 percent to $4.85 ­ both all-time highs for the company. We allocated that cash flow to fund future growth, repay debt and buy back shares, all in a manner that we believe creates long-term value.

2.00

Market Strategy and Client Growth
06 07 08 09 10

1.00

0 Free Cash Flow per Share CAGR: 23%

In 2006, we launched Fiserv 2.0 as a vehicle to transform the company. We assigned goals that felt aggressive at the time. Despite a far more challenged economic environment than anyone anticipated, we have executed well. Fiserv has changed for the better, and we have delivered strong results across virtually all measures. Our solid execution has translated into strong equity performance. Fiserv is one of only 21 companies in the S&P 500® ­ and one of 51 in the Russell 3000® Index ­ that has beaten the benchmark index in each of the last five years. Although pleased with that performance, we believe we can do more. Given the environmental changes, we decided to test the assumptions upon which our strategic framework was based. Not only did we validate our framework, we took it a step further. We introduced a new market strategy that provides clarity in three important areas: target segments; go-to-market focus; and the enabling capabilities that will help define our organization. We believe this strategic clarity will help us to deliver even better results over the next several years.

We will continue to invest in solutions that drive our clients' success.

A cultural imperative to center on growth helped drive strong sales results in 2010. We again won the lion's share of account processing transactions, while integrated sales of $132 million surpassed our target for the year by 26 percent. Total integrated sales since inception are $365 million, exceeding our original Fiserv 2.0 goal a full two years early. Not satisfied with that, we set a new, broader $950 million target to be achieved over the next five years. Clients chose one of our market-leading payments solutions more than 1,300 times in 2010. We also booked marquee wins in the early stage of what may be a global wave of online banking transformation. Our new, unified sales organization had a strong initial year, achieving 115 percent of a more aggressive quota and helping to set the stage for future growth.

4

Commitment to Innovation
2010 Highlights More than 600 financial institutions committed to ZashPay, our P2P payments service 1.4 billion online bill pay transactions processed through financial institutions 330 million electronic bills delivered 9 billion debit, credit and ATM transactions processed 22 patents issued to Fiserv The term innovation is used pervasively, but not always well understood. We see innovation as a way to adapt and lead changing markets, capitalize on new trends, and further our clients' success. One of our core values, "create with purpose, " came to the forefront in 2010. Our new Acumen® account processing solution recorded important early wins, establishing a beachhead for new growth in the large credit union segment of the market. More than 600 financial institutions agreed to help their customers join the ZashPay® generation. This new point-to-point (P2P) technology will allow consumers and small businesses to more quickly and easily electronify some of the billions of paper and cash transactions they complete each year. As important, ZashPay can help financial institutions generate fee income by providing differentiated value to their customers. As institutions look for ways to better understand their clients in an increasingly digital world, we continue to see interest in our decision optimization solutions. And speaking of digital, new devices stormed the market during the year with tablets and even smarter phones equipping a rapidly growing digitocracy. Our top-rated Mobile MoneyTM solution is right there setting the stage for Fiserv's leadership in an "always on, always connected" world. We will continue to invest in solutions that drive our clients' success. That is our definition of innovation. We are launching multiple innovations that, together, have the potential to change our positioning for the long haul. You can see examples of how we're doing this at www.newfiserv.com.

Create Value
By most measures, Fiserv is an American success story. It was started more than 25 years ago by a few people who recognized new possibilities and weren't afraid to go after them. They set a course and made it happen. We owe an enormous debt of gratitude to those who have come before us. Our journey over the last five years has been in some ways different and somewhat the same. Our focus has been to shape Fiserv into a stronger, more innovative and client-centric company ­ not because we have to, but because we want to. We have identified an array of new possibilities that we believe will create value. We were the market leader when we undertook the task, and remain in that coveted position today.

Our future is bright and our vision is clear.

We will look back on the economic challenges of the last several years and realize that we are better for them. We are leading differently ­ more energized, agile and focused on action. The reward for this new leadership is a company that should create value for clients, associates and shareholders for many years to come. We are excited about the opportunities that lie ahead. Our future is bright and our vision is clear. We have the focus, resources and conviction to win. And that is exactly what we intend to do.

Jeffery W. Yabuki President and Chief Executive Officer

Donald F . Dillon Chairman of the Board

5

