2>3
 > TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
LOOKING BACK ON 2001, IT WAS A TIME THAT WILL BE FOREVER EMBEDDED IN THE CONSCIOUSNESS OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE.
The events of September 11th shook our nation to its foundation, but didn’t shake our resolve to overcome adversity, to live our lives without fear, to continue to work hard. Fiserv is pleased to report that 2001 was one of our best years ever, with Company revenues approaching the $2 billion mark. New sales were strong, and we continued to enhance our market position in
the financial services industry through strategic acquisitions.
Recent events may have changed the way we look at our world, but they haven’t changed our dedication, our focus or our drive to succeed.
2001 HIGHLIGHTS. Our operating results for the year remained strong, as we met our expectations for growth in revenues, net income and earnings per share. Fiserv annual revenues for 2001 were $1.89 billion, a 14% increase over the $1.65

 billion reported in 2000. Net income
per share–diluted (excluding realized gains from sale of investment) for the year ended December 31, 2001, was $1.07 per share, compared to $0.91 in 2000.
We saw solid growth in new sales and cross-sales to existing clients, while our acquisition activity continued strong.
We acquired 12 businesses in 2001, adding combined annual revenues of more than $380 million and over 4,000 new employ- ees. Building on these achievements, we are on track for another successful year
in 2002 as our pipelines for sales and acquisition opportunities remain positive across all of our major business lines.
RESOURCES FOR THE FUTURE. As a technology company in a service-oriented industry, our success depends on how well we serve our clients.Without satisfied clients, we have no future. For Fiserv, the key to satisfied clients has always been our people.With more than 18,000 employees worldwide, we have a broad base of industry-specific talent to draw upon in providing service excellence.
The best client service comes from a combination of communication, knowl- edge and experience.Throughout our organization, Fiserv teams work closely with clients to identify and then meet their
specific needs and requirements. From
sales to implementation to systems devel- opment, we help clients turn the challenges of an evolving market into opportunities. It’s a partnership built on trust.We believe it’s our future.
IN APPRECIATION. We wish to thank you again for your investment and confidence in our Company. Our ongoing goal is to provide value to you, our shareholders, and we will continue to work hard to meet your expectations for success.
DONALD F. DILLON LESLIE M. MUMA
Chairman of the Board President and
Chief Executive Officer
February 26, 2002
    