To Our Fellow Shareholders
2011 was a strong year for your company. Internal revenue growth continued to accelerate, adjusted earnings per share reached a new record, and the franchise expanded through superior sales. Most importantly, we provided technology solutions that enabled our clients to be their best. We could stop there and call it a year; however, that would only begin to tell the story of what we believe was a seminal year in the history of Fiserv.

We don't manage the company to optimize near-term financial results; instead we focus on creating sustainable, long-term value.

Last year's most important accomplishments didn't appear in our headlines. Some might argue that the cost of strategic progress detracted from our financial results. We don't manage the company to optimize near-term financial results; instead we focus on creating sustainable, long-term value. You can count on us to make that trade-off every time. The work we have done over the last several years to transform our solution sets came together beautifully in 2011, punctuating a more powerful roadmap for growth. This schematic builds upon our legacy of strong relationships and demonstrated expertise as we partner with the finest institutions in the world for their success.

Change and Opportunity
We are proud of how Fiserv has navigated the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression. Our business model proved its resilience, and we identified important opportunities to help our clients weather the storm. As shareholders, you can take comfort knowing that we are converting the leadership and insights gained from this experience into stronger, more focused management of the key drivers of our success.
The economic environment appears to be slowly improving. We are also seeing important macrotrends take hold such as the rise of social media, the continued flex of regulatory muscle and an escalating requirement to meet the expectations of an empowered consumer. The manner in which these trends converge will set the stage for changes in the delivery of financial services and the technology required to make it happen. The evolving landscape is factored into our business in several key ways. First, we continue to invest in what we have done well over the last 26 years: Providing our clients with mission-critical technology solutions they can count on. Our market leadership in account processing, electronic bill payment and presentment, debit processing and ACH solutions all progressed well during the year ­ both in terms of delivering new, differentiating functionality and increasing our distribution footprint. We will continue to invest in our roots and anticipate that these areas will solidly contribute to our success for the foreseeable future. We recorded important sales success with our new Acumen® account processing solution during the year. We expect several U.S. clients to go live with this ground-breaking technology in 2012, spurring future innovation and integration opportunities for our clients. >

3

Untethered devices are proliferating in all aspects of daily life, which creates increased complexity in delivering relevant technology solutions.

The demand for mobile-based technologies has been extremely high, and that market movement will almost certainly be eclipsed in 2012. Untethered devices, such as smartphones and tablets, are proliferating in all aspects of daily life, which creates increased complexity in delivering relevant technology solutions. We acquired M-Com early in 2011 to extend our leadership on the front-end of this significant opportunity. We believe we must control our own destiny in mobile technologies, which should also complement our leadership position in Internet banking. Our top-rated MobilitiTM solution forms a new lane in the digital highway that will carry well-integrated transactional capabilities and provide a strong foundation for future growth. Our channels expertise positions us to capitalize on opportunities that may emerge as the newest of the digital channels begin to mature. CashEdge was our most important strategic acquisition since CheckFree. While the scale and maturity of the companies' key solutions are different, the parallels in their stories and the potential impact on the financial services industry ­ and its customers ­ are not lost on us. CheckFree's innovation was electronic bill payment. The CashEdge frontier is person-to-person (P2P) payments. There is an enormous opportunity to transform the approximately 11 billion annual P2P payments that are primarily checks and cash today. The fact that the average U.S. household originates about 100 P2P payments annually, along with their growing comfort with all things digital, is a powerful combination. The functionality of our Popmoney® solution and the ubiquitous interest of financial institutions in

2011 Highlights
More than 20 billion digital payment transactions More than 10 billion credit, debit and ATM transactions processed More than $1 trillion moved Acquired CashEdge, Inc. to advance digital payments and channel strategies Acquired Mobile Commerce, Ltd. (M-Com) to enhance mobile channel capabilities

P2P provides us with tremendous optimism. Demand for our P2P solutions in the initial 18 months since launch has gone well beyond our expectations. In 2011, more than 580 clients added P2P , and we ended the year with nearly 1,400 P2P institutions committed, which equates to roughly 35 million digital consumers who will have access to the new service. We expect the number of financial institutions offering the service and the consumers with access to the solution to grow at a rapid pace in 2012, creating a tremendous value opportunity for all participants.

Exceeding our Commitments
We again defined key priorities to provide context for our financial and strategic performance. These priorities helped guide our decisions and provide clarity on our business imperatives. We feel good about our accomplishments against these focus areas during the year:
· Deliver an increased level of high-quality revenue growth and meet our earnings commitments; · C  enter the Fiserv culture on growth, leading to more clients, deeper relationships and a larger share of our strategic solutions; · Provide innovation that increases differentiation and enhances results for our clients. Adjusted EPS grew 13 percent to $4.58 per share, sustaining an almost unprecedented 26th consecutive year of double-digit earnings growth. Your management team struck the right balance between delivering strong earnings and investing in the future.

4

$5.00

$5.09

Our bright growth prospects, along with the strong attributes of our business model, should allow us to maintain our EPS track record into the foreseeable future. We broke through a new benchmark level of free cash flow per share, achieving $5.09 for the year. Per share free cash flow has more than doubled over the last four years, reflecting the healthy cash flow characteristics of our business and a disciplined approach to capital allocation. We also strengthened our capital position by refinancing $1 billion of debt at historically low rates. We need to build, sell and deliver solutions at a faster pace each year to accelerate our growth. We have a strong bias to extend our business in areas that drive recurring revenue and have attractive growth characteristics. Focusing on the sales component of the equation has paid off handsomely over the last two years. During 2011, we broke our record for highest quarterly sales ­ twice -- and ended the year with a 20 percent increase over our strong 2010 sales results. Importantly, 6 percent of the total contract value sold during the year was from products not in existence two years ago. We are bullish on our sales outlook going into 2012.

4.00

3.00

2.00

1.00

0 07 08 09 10 11 Free Cash Flow per Share

A Position of Strength
One of our critical, but unstated, objectives each year is to make Fiserv stronger and even better positioned for the future. We far exceeded that goal in 2011. The right combination of organic investment and strategic acquisition is pushing the trajectory of our future performance up and to the right.
Most view strength as a relative measure. We believe we should be judged not only by our success, but by the success of our clients. One of our core strengths is the ability to understand the evolution of the market and provide solutions that go well beyond what's needed today.

Business models will likely need to be broken, and if someone else doesn't do it, we better.

No one person makes that happen. It's the aggregate power of our 20,000 committed associates who make Fiserv the place where innovation and reliability merge to deliver a new standard of excellence each and every day. Make no mistake. We are in the midst of dynamic, generational change that will leave no stone unturned. Business models will likely need to be broken, and if someone else doesn't do it, we better.

We aren't waiting for a new normal, we're creating it. That's what leaders do. That's our position of strength.

Jeffery W. Yabuki President and Chief Executive Officer

Donald F . Dillon Chairman of the Board

5

