To Our Shareholders
Fiserv turned in another outstanding performance in 2003, marking its 19th consecutive record year, excluding a onetime charge in 1995 related to an acquisition. Your company again achieved or exceeded its revenue and earnings targets,
Leslie M. Muma

and we hope that gives every shareholder a reason to smile. » Processing revenues climbed 22% to $2.7 billion. » Net income grew 18% to $315 million. » Net income per share-diluted rose to $1.61, an 18% gain over 2002. » Operating cash flow increased 16% to $598 million. Our cash position, a key indicator of the company's financial strength, mirrored our strong net income growth. The Fiserv business model, which is built around high recurring revenues, creates a stable business base that leads to consistent earnings and cash flow growth. Our steady cash flow and access to debt markets enable us to act quickly when potential acquisitions or other growth opportunities appear.
Leslie M. Muma
President and Chief Executive Officer

The year's strong results were fueled by a combination of acquisitions and internal, or "organic," growth. Once again, these central components of our strategy delivered the combination of consistency, growth and balance that Fiserv investors have come to expect. Acquisitions were a big part of 2003, with a dozen companies joining the Fiserv fold. Touching nearly all of our

Donald F. Dillon
Chairman of the Board February 27, 2004

major lines of business, these fine companies brought combined annualized revenues of more than $610 million and increased our total employees to nearly 22,000 worldwide.

4

thinking » together
donald f. dillon

In part through acquisitions, but also through thoughtful strategic planning, we made great strides in positioning and strengthening Fiserv in promising growth markets. Our health plan management business is rapidly becoming a leader in self-funded health benefits administration. Insurance is another area with strong growth potential, and four of our 2003 acquisitions were in this sector. Both businesses are focused on recurring revenues and involve transaction processing in large, fragmented markets where we can become a major player. Several acquisitions also helped round out our offerings for the lending market and enhanced our presence in the banking and credit union sectors. Organic growth complements acquired growth by helping to provide a predictable revenue and earnings stream for Fiserv. Achieving organic growth at the level we'd like was challenging in 2003, as soft economies in our international markets curbed spending on information technology and services, and low interest rates and weak trading volumes hampered the securities and trust businesses. Despite this, Fiserv's organic growth rate was 5% in 2003, and we continue to deliver record earnings year after year. That's a real testament to the value of our business model. Looking at organic growth in 2003, we signed new clients at a steady clip, including agreements with Ohio Savings Bank, HSBC Mortgage Corporation (USA), Cardtronics and Arch Coal, for services ranging from core processing and call center support to loan portfolio servicing and medical plan administration. Reflecting our vigorous cross-selling

efforts, many established clients, including KeyCorp, Porsche Financial Services, and Abbey, a UK-based banking company, expanded their scope of services with us, adding products such as automotive financing solutions and outsourced business banking support. Overall, industry and market forces are aiding our business development efforts. Legislation such as Check 21, which is expected to encourage banks and other financial services organizations to adopt check imaging technology, and the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, or HIPAA, which requires employers to comply with new privacy regulations, creates demand for the solutions we provide. Fiserv is well known for its acquisitions, broad product portfolio and presence across the financial services marketplace. But the goal we reach for every day is to be recognized for superior quality in everything we do. Every system conversion, every sales call, every phone conversation. Quality is the most important tool in our kit, and it's the one that keeps the client and wins the sale. Without question, 2003 was a year of many rewards--and some challenges, too. And once again, credit for our success belongs to the employees of Fiserv, who got the job done with speed, efficiency and professionalism. Fiserv people are the best in the business, and we thank them for another exceptional performance. We also thank you, our shareholders, for your confidence and support as Fiserv continues to drive for growth and deliver value.

5

