to our shareholders

george d. dalton & leslie m. muma

Our clients are facing a changing competitive landscape.The financial world is both converging and expanding, as a new type of financial institution emerges. This financial institution incorporates banking, lending, insurance, securities and financial planning, and its services are accessible through the Internet as well as the more traditional delivery channels.

What's driving this evolution? Market demand, regulatory changes and technology. Today's consumers are more sophisticated in money management. They demand more convenience in accessing information. They have an increasing expectation of service quality. And, therefore, a growing desire for anywhere, anytime, anyway transactions. At Fiserv, we're ready to help our clients stay ahead of their competition and maximize their profitability.We've been the technology leader for banking and lending institutions for decades. Three years ago we moved into the securities processing industry. In 1998, we began servicing the administrative processing needs of insurance companies, and we've pioneered the technology that drives a wide variety of financial services on the Internet. Fiserv has developed the resources and expertise our clients need to broaden and expand their delivery channels and to take advantage of the recently passed federal legislation that opens up competition between banking institutions, insurance companies and brokerage firms. Achieving ongoing success in a changing environment is a lot easier with an underlying foundation of financial strength and stability. Our historically strong operating results continued in 1999, as we met our expectations for growth in revenues, net income and earnings per share. Fiserv annual revenues for 1999 were $1.41 billion, a 14% increase over the $1.23 billion reported in 1998. Net income for the year was $137.9 million or $1.09 per share-diluted, compared to net income of $114.3 million or $0.90 per share-diluted as reported in 1998.
19 9 9 h i g h l i g h t s

We once again have met our growth targets in 1999, and are on track for another strong year in 2000. Our pipelines for new sales activity, cross-sales to existing clients and acquisition opportunities are accelerating across all of our major business lines. Our management teams continue

page

2 | 3

to our shareholders

to work diligently to increase our internal sales and acquisition growth in all areas of financial institution processing, lending, securities clearing, insurance solutions, trust services and e-commerce. Fiserv has a strategic vision that is driven by two basic concepts: responsiveness and foresight. As a service company our livelihood depends on our responsiveness, and as a technology company our foresight is key to our longevity.We have a well-developed understanding of client service and an intimate knowledge of our industry (because it's the only one we serve), plus the talent and resources to keep abreast of technology. We act on this insight whenever and wherever it will best serve our clients.
a s t r at e g i c v i s i o n

Our industry is ever-changing. Consumer demands, advancing technology, evolving regulations -- all these dynamic forces constantly shape and reshape the financial marketplace. It's becoming harder for financial institutions to do everything related to technology on their own, and fewer and fewer are trying. The question many financial institutions are asking is: Why spend the money, time and personnel on an area outside of our core business focus? For most, the answer is clear, especially with the resources available through Fiserv. One great example is the Internet.The power of the Internet as a financial delivery resource is accelerating, as shown by the growing number of financial services now available. As a proven technology provider supporting these services through our clients' traditional brick-and-mortar locations, we were best situated to apply our expertise to this new medium. And we have continually taken the initiative in providing the technology that drives financial e-commerce services (for an overview of our e-commerce strategy, see page 6). Leslie M. Muma The future is exciting, and thanks to the dedication and initiaVice Chairman, President and CEO tive of every Fiserv employee, we are better prepared than ever to embrace it. As long as there is a need for technological innovation and proven solutions, Fiserv people and products George D. Dalton will be there. We thank you for your investment in our Chairman of the Board Company, and we look forward to providing the results that you, as our owners, expect. February 28, 2000

