  2
Dear Shareholders and Friends,
2006 marked an important transition year for Fifth Third, one that I believe has us positioned well as we head into 2007 and beyond.
First, and perhaps foremost, we added a number of new executives to our team, and promoted others. This gives us the strongest slate of leaders, I believe, in the Company’s history. This team reflects a mix of long and successful tenures at Fifth Third, complemented by a number of executives brought in from other large and successful competitors, giving us a nice balance of outside perspective, continuity, and entrepreneurial drive.
Second, I point to the actions we chose to take in the fourth quarter of 2006 to address the positioning of our balance sheet during the current difficult interest rate environment, characterized by an inverted yield curve (an environment in which short-term rates are higher than long-term rates). From June 2004 to 2006, the Federal Reserve raised rates 17 consecutive times totaling 4.25 percentage points, which created significant headwinds obscuring core performance in our businesses. In November of 2006, we made the decision to reduce the size of our balance sheet and neutralize our exposure to significant future adverse changes in interest rates. This decision was costly, but we believe it was the right thing to do, and I believe it represents the final step in resolving the issues that developed following the regulatory difficulties we experienced in 2002 and 2003.
Over the last several years, we’ve made significant investments in our information technology platform, in our risk management capabilities and personnel, and in our core operations capabilities. These steps are substantially complete, although we continue to make new additions to front-end technologies and improvements to infrastructure to make the Company more responsive to customer needs.
The actions we’ve taken relative to the balance sheet, combined with a stabilization of the interest rate environment, should create the conditions for our historically strong core performance to re-emerge. Fifth Third’s competitive position is very strong. Our tangible capital levels are among the highest in the industry. I have tremendous confidence in the strength and depth of our management team.
As a result, I have made the decision to step down as Chief Executive Officer. I couldn’t feel more comfortable in handing over the chief executive position to Kevin Kabat, our current president, whom our Board has chosen to succeed me effective April 17, 2007, the date of our annual shareholders meeting. Kevin is absolutely the right person to head this Company. Kevin has been a terrific leader at Fifth Third since joining us with the Old Kent acquisition in 2001, serving as head of our Western Michigan affiliate, head of Retail Banking and Affiliate Administration, and then most recently taking on the role of President last year. I have asked him to address you with his views on our future in a separate letter following this one.
I am very proud of my years with Fifth Third and my 16 years as Fifth Third’s Chief Executive Officer, and it has been an honor to serve the Company in this important role. I will continue to hold the position of Chairman, but I believe it’s time for a new generation of leadership to provide the Company with a new vitality, a new level of energy, and a new direction.
2006 Results
2006 was a challenging year for the industry and for Fifth Third. In June the Federal Reserve concluded its most significant tightening campaign since the early 1980s, which resulted in an inverted yield curve for most of the second half of 2006. As a result, our borrowing costs rose for much of the year while the yield on our investment securities portfolio was relatively flat.
In November, we decided to reduce the size of our balance sheet in order to reduce our exposure to this interest rate environment and to future potential adverse rate movements. These actions resulted in the realization of a pre-tax loss of $454 million, or $291 million after tax ($0.52 per share). We expect net interest income to benefit from our improved positioning by $110 million to $120 million on an annualized basis, before hedging costs. Additionally, we realized a 65 basis points benefit to our already very strong tangible equity to tangible assets ratio.
The interest rate environment, combined with the loss resulting from our balance sheet actions, took a toll on reported results for the year. Earnings per diluted share for 2006 were $2.13, down from $2.77 in 2005. Return on average assets and return on

average equity were 1.13 percent and 12.1 percent, respectively, significantly below what we would normally expect and below the 1.50 percent and 16.6 percent, respectively, that we realized in 2005.
Net interest income of $2.9 billion on a tax-equivalent basis declined 3 percent from 2005. This result reflected our previous negative sensitivity to rising short-term rates, offset by solid average loan and core deposit growth of 8 percent and 5 percent, respectively. During 2006, we saw a continuation of strong average commercial loan growth, up 10 percent. Average consumer loan growth remained solid, up 6 percent, though below the levels we and the industry experienced several years ago with a more favorable rate environment. Going forward, we expect continued strong loan and core deposit growth, combined with the benefits of our balance sheet actions, to drive improved net interest income performance despite an expected continued flat to inverted yield curve.
Noninterest income of $2.2 billion declined 14 percent from 2005, reflecting net securities losses of $364 million in 2006 — primarily the result of our fourth-quarter balance sheet actions — compared with net securities gains of $39 million in 2005. We continued to experience strong growth in electronic payment processing revenue — our largest noninterest income category — up 15 percent from 2005. Corporate banking revenue also grew a solid 7 percent.
Noninterest expense of $3.1 billion grew 4 percent from 2005 levels, despite the inclusion of $49 million in expenses related to the extinguishment of financing agreements in the third and fourth quarters to reduce interest rate sensitivity. Expense growth was otherwise held to 3 percent, reflecting continued strong growth in our processing business offset by expense controls.
Credit costs remained consistent with the levels of 2005, with provision expense up 4 percent over the prior year and net charge- offs up 6 percent, though declining slightly as a percentage of average loans to 0.44 percent from 0.45 percent in 2005.
As we look into 2007, we would expect to see upward pressure on credit. We don’t have a crystal ball, but at this point we don’t see significant economic deterioration on the near horizon, and don’t expect a significant upward move in credit costs. Given Fifth Third’s strong presence in Midwest markets, we have been experiencing slower economic growth and higher levels of credit losses than banks in other regions for some time. Fifth Third is a lending company, and we are in the risk business. The ebbs and flows of the credit cycle are to be expected and do not change our attitude on that front.
Commitment to our Shareholders and our Communities
We at Fifth Third are deeply aware that you, our shareholders, own the Company, and that we are accountable to you. Thus, we are proud to maintain among the very highest corporate governance ratings in the industry. Our Corporate Governance Quotient, as published by Institutional Shareholder Services, is
in the top 4 percent of companies in the S&P 500 and in the top 1 percent of all U.S. banks.
I have always believed that Fifth Third and the cities and regions it serves are mutually dependent — and we have always acted upon that belief. Thus, I am especially proud that Fifth Third’s Ohio and Michigan banks each received an “Outstanding” rating on our most recent Community Reinvestment Act performance evaluation by the Federal Reserve Bank.
Commitment to the Future
I’d like to take this opportunity to express my deep appreciation to all the constituents that make Fifth Third a great company — our customers, our 21,362 employees, our board members, and the citizens of the communities served by our 19 affiliates. Our employees, in particular, have accomplished tremendous things
at Fifth Third during my tenure, never more so than during the past year.
2006 was a difficult year for Fifth Third — make no mistake about it. But I believe the Company as it enters 2007 is in its strongest position ever. Our balance sheet is very strong and well-capitalized. We have the broadest and deepest management team we’ve ever had. Our technology platform is robust and scalable. And we have strong positions in our Midwest markets, with solid footholds in growth markets. We are better positioned to deliver organic growth than ever before in our history, through our strong sales culture and increased focus on customer service and satisfaction, and through our successful de novo activities. And we are well positioned to participate in what will continue to be a consolidating industry for many years ahead.
Thank you for the opportunity to have served you for the last 36 years.
Sincerely,
George A. Schaefer, Jr.
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer February 2007
Fifth Third Bancorp LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN & CEO
 3

  4
Dear Shareholders and Friends,
I am deeply honored to address you as President of Fifth Third Bancorp and as George Schaefer’s successor. Having competed with him earlier in my career, and then having the good fortune to work for him the past five years, I believe he is one of the giants of the banking industry. We are fortunate that he will remain with us as Chairman, to provide us with his wise counsel and good sense.
When George became President and Chief Executive Officer of Fifth Third at the end of 1990, the Company had $8 billion in assets and a market capitalization of a little over $1 billion. We’ve grown to over $100 billion in assets in the succeeding 16 years with a market value of nearly $23 billion. During that period, Fifth Third has generated a total shareholder return of 17.5 percent on a compound annual basis, driven by strong growth in originally reported earnings per share and rising dividends. That return compares with 12 percent for the S&P 500 over that period. This is truly an enviable track record, one that we aspire to continue.
Building an Even Better Tomorrow
The title of this year’s annual report — “Building an Even Better Tomorrow” — aptly describes what we are about here at Fifth Third. The title is adapted from the new brand that we introduced this February.
That’s what we are aiming for — building an even better tomorrow. This Company was built upon an incredibly strong sales culture, a winning attitude and very high standards and expectations. We don’t play for average. During the past 16 years, our performance topped the industry, even when you include the past three sub-par years. Whether measured by originally reported earnings per share, asset growth, market capitalization growth or total return, we’ve outperformed our peers.
But the last three years we haven’t met our own expectations,
or yours. We know it is time to show results, and that’s what we are prepared to do. We have the right team in place, having promoted or hired new leaders who are bringing a fresh perspective and new energy. We are united as a team and feel an urgency to return to the head of the pack.
Our Model
We are fortunate to have many strengths to build on. Our affiliate model allows us to deliver big-company results on a local scale. We have local management with full accountability in each market, making decisions locally that affect our customers. This model may not be the least expensive way to organize a company. But efficiencies, standardization and a common technology platform combine with personal, high-touch service in each affiliate to create real benefit. This is perhaps our biggest competitive differentiator. Where decentralization does not add value, for us or for our customers, we will continue to look for ways to enhance efficiency, but we remain committed to the essence of the model. We provide more information on our affiliate model, our regions and affiliates, and their leadership on page 10 of this report.
Overlaying our affiliate structure are five lines of business: Branch Banking; Commercial Banking; Processing Solutions; Consumer Lending; and Investment Advisors. These lines of business are areas of expertise whose products and services are delivered to customers through the affiliates in a way that ensures that customer relationships are viewed as a whole. Below I discuss some of the key strategies under way in our lines of business. Our businesses are described in more detail on pages 11 through 15.
Key Strategies and Focus Areas
One of our key strategies is our commitment to Everyday Great Rates, implemented in the summer of 2005. We believe this strategy for deposit growth strikes an optimal balance between growth and profitability. Everyday Great Rates is what it says — very competitive rates, in every product category, every day. It’s simple but powerful. It’s helped us attract new customers while also leading our existing customers to realize they don’t need to shop for weekly rate promotions. That, in turn, has reduced attrition and reduced the temptation for customers to shift to higher-rate, less liquid products like CDs, keeping our overall deposit costs low and in line with our competitors.
We believe Everyday Great Rates has significantly helped us with deposit growth. Based on FDIC data for the most recent reporting period ended June 2006, Fifth Third had the third highest deposit growth among large banks in branches open more than one year.

Another important retail focus over the past three years — and one we are augmenting in 2007 — has been de novo branching activity. Since 2003, we have built 212 new banking centers. These branches accounted for 36 percent of our core deposit growth in 2006. We conduct market segmentation analysis and use predictive modeling to target locations in key growth markets with the demographics and business activity that has proven successful for us. Our success with our new locations has led us to plan to build approximately 70 new branches in 2007, with expectations that they will break even in about 18 months and produce an internal rate of return of better than 20 percent. De novo activity is costly in the near term, but it’s the right thing to do to sustain organic growth into the future.
I’m enthusiastic about recent developments in our business banking efforts. We are already pretty good at this business — and were proud to be ranked fifth among large U.S. banks in J. D. Power’s 2006 Small Business Banking Satisfaction Study — but we can become much better. As a next step, we are assigning most of our customers to a designated business banking relationship manager, armed with customized and bundled product offerings, a standardized underwriting process, and automated portfolio management.
Commercial Banking has long been one of our strengths. We enjoy a strong position with middle-market commercial customers (companies with $10 million to $500 million in sales) within our footprint. Fifth Third gained more new customers over the past two years among middle-market companies in our footprint than any competitor, with more than two-thirds of our affiliates increasing penetration in the middle market. Fifteen percent of such companies are Fifth Third customers, and we are the lead bank for nearly two-thirds of them.
An exciting development during the past year has been the electronic deposit product. This is an important area in which Fifth Third has taken a leadership position in commercial banking. This product transforms the payment landscape, enabling truncation of paper checks at the point of receipt. Our business customers no longer need to take checks to a branch to make a deposit. And, in driving paper to electronic transformation, we are able to gain control over one of the most manual processes remaining in cash management. Customers using this product are able to save time, optimize their working capital and consolidate their banking relationships. We’ve experienced rapid growth in 2006, particularly the latter half, and are receiving deposits from locations in 35 states. Continuing to capitalize on this opportunity is a priority
for 2007.
We continue to experience increased demand among our middle- market customers for capital markets products as Fifth Third has expanded in size and capabilities. We’ve recently introduced, or are introducing a number of such products to meet this demand, and we’re going after industry sectors and geographies where we are under-represented given our market position.
Our Processing Solutions business continues to produce strong results. The industry is seeing increasing adaptation of electronic payment vehicles and Check 21 electronic item processing. Our industry leadership in providing value-added processing solutions through consultation with customers will continue to allow us to outperform our peers. And we’ve seen strong growth in our credit card business, with average receivables growth of 18 percent during 2006.
However, despite our success over the past several years, only 13 percent of our retail customers have our credit cards. We are taking steps to expand our penetration through improved point-of- sale technology, bundled product offerings through banking centers and call centers, and enhanced sales management processes. We’re also modestly expanding our risk spectrum where we can achieve attractive risk-adjusted returns. Current portfolio FICO scores average over 740, with a very low 3.49 percent charge-off rate, so we have the ability to better align our offerings with our current clients while, at the same time, maintaining high credit quality standards.
The Consumer Lending business had a very difficult year, given the drop-off in mortgage originations industry-wide and more sluggish auto sales. We believe improved industry conditions and new products we’ve launched will lead us toward better results in 2007. For example, in the latter part of the year, we launched an Alt-A nonconforming mortgage product that accounted for over $350 million in originations in just a few months. These loans are being sold following origination to third parties for distribution to the capital markets, allowing us to originate volume that we’ve been unwilling to hold historically.
Our Investment Advisors business had a mixed 2006. Our largest investment business, the Private Client Group, continues to perform very well. Brokerage results have not been as strong, primarily reflecting net attrition of financial advisors. We recently instituted a targeted recruiting program that we expect to result in net hiring going forward. And we are in the process of rolling out new financial planning and customer relationship management tools, which we expect to be key catalysts for results in 2007. In the asset management business, our continued efforts to open our architecture across all client segments have made growth of Fifth Third managed funds more challenging. Meeting our customers’
Fifth Third Bancorp LETTER FROM THE PRESIDENT
5

6
needs is paramount to success in this business and broadening our offerings is the right thing to do. We’ve recently brought in new leadership to drive improved results, and we are already seeing a positive impact to our strategies.
Technology for Tomorrow
As we’ve discussed here for the past several years, Fifth Third has taken significant strides in elevating the level of our infrastructure and front-end technology. Frankly, we were underinvested in our infrastructure three or four years ago. Today, we have the systems, security and capabilities that are necessary for an institution of our size, and that will allow us to continue to grow.
During the past 36 months, we’ve replaced or upgraded 80 percent of our technology systems. With much of our infrastructure investments behind us, further progress in this area will be evolutionary. We are leveraging our technology spending into improvements in our product offerings and our services. Examples would include our placement of more than 1,000 remote-capture deposit scanners with our business customers, deploying an enterprise problem resolution platform, developing a new customer experience portal, and creating performance management tools and dashboards.
A Better Customer Experience and a New Brand Promise
Customers are more demanding than ever, and we must continue to meet and exceed a bar that is continually being raised — by customers and our competitors. Fifth Third has long been known for our sales culture and our ability to bring customers in the door. But we have not been world-class in keeping them. This is one of our biggest opportunities.
What our customers tell us they need is a trusted advisor for the long haul. To deliver, we must understand our customers’ needs tomorrow to properly address the need today that brought them into our banking center or caused them to pick up the phone. In our service delivery, we must prove we care about our relationship tomorrow when we’re dealing with today’s issues.
In February 2007, we began rolling out a new brand — a brand that will encompass visual changes in Fifth Third’s marketing but, more important, a brand that changes the promises we make to our customers. We are aligning everything toward fulfilling our brand commitment and building a better tomorrow. Later in this report, you will see further discussion of developments at Fifth Third related to consultative sales training, customer experience enhancements and key brand elements.
Ultimately, I believe our renewed focus on the customer experience, and a brand that supports it, are the most exciting developments under way at Fifth Third.
Closing
I’m excited about our prospects for 2007 and the future. And I’m honored to have been chosen to lead Fifth Third into that future. This is a great company — a company full of people who are hard-working, passionate about Fifth Third and passionate about winning — and I have every confidence that we will deliver for you, for our employees and for our communities...That is what Fifth Third is all about.
Sincerely,
Kevin T. Kabat
President February 2007
 And, while our sales culture is terrific, there has been a large dose of hard work and hustle associated with that. Historically, we’ve been more transaction-oriented than is ideal. Focusing on our relationships with customers — not just today’s relationship, but our future relationship — will help us increase retention and increase wallet share with our customers.
