                                        letter from the President & Chief Executive Officer
focused on
value creation.
 2
George A. Schaefer, Jr.
President & Chief Executive Officer
Dear Shareholders and Friends,
2005 proved to be a challenging year for Fifth Third, with both revenue and net income significantly below our initial expectations. Earnings per diluted share for the full-year were $2.77, an increase of three percent over last year’s earnings of $2.68. Total revenues were flat compared to the prior year and totaled $5.5 billion.
Return on average assets for the full-year 2005 was
1.50 percent and return on average equity was 16.6 percent, compared to 1.61 percent and 17.2 percent, respectively, in 2004. Despite these relatively modest results, your company still earned more than $1.5 billion in net income and added significantly to our customer base.
Throughout its history, the story of Fifth Third has been one of growth and value creation that was perhaps unrivaled in the banking industry. In fact, Fifth Third is more than five times larger than it was when I sat down to compose this letter just 10 years ago. During that time, deposits, loans, assets and, most importantly,
net income have all increased more than five-fold. Unfortunately, we have learned that challenges can also increase with size and even the most highly regarded

                                        “We have learned that challenges can also increase with size and even the most highly regarded of companies and strongest of cultures are not immune to difficulties.”
companies and strongest cultures are not immune
to difficulties. Our performance over the last two years has not matched our historical success. And while disappointing and below our potential, I believe these results are best understood within the context of the many things we accomplished this year to improve our competitive position and drive revenue and earnings growth in the years to come – progress that will ultimately be reflected in our performance. After reviewing both our business performance and key priorities as detailed in this letter and the pages that follow, I hope you will agree that Fifth Third is making significant progress and taking the right steps to regain traction and enhance shareholder value over the long run.
2005 Business Performance
Loan growth remained strong in 2005, with period end total loans and leases increasing by $10.9 billion, or 18 percent, over 2004. Commercial customer additions and steadily improving loan demand throughout the year resulted in a 22 percent increase in commercial loan outstandings. Similar success was achieved through the hard work of our retail employees, with consumer loans increasing by 13 percent over the prior year.
Retail transaction account growth and commercial customer additions resulted in good deposit growth trends in 2005, despite a sluggish start to the year. On a full-year average basis, total transaction deposits increased by $4.8 billion, or 11 percent, and total core deposits increased by $7.0 billion, or 14 percent, over 2004.
Noninterest revenues experienced mixed results in
2005, with strong performance from Fifth Third Processing Solutions and our commercial line of business mitigated by more modest results in other areas. In total, noninterest revenues increased by a healthy
10 percent over the prior year, excluding operating lease revenue, gains and losses on the sales of securities and
a gain realized on the sales of certain third-party sourced merchant processing contracts in 2004.
Despite good loan and deposit trends, spread-based revenues proved to be our greatest challenge in 2005 and remained essentially unchanged from prior year levels. Increased funding costs resulting from the convergence of short- and long-term interest rates and sharp declines in returns realized from our securities portfolio resulted in 25 basis points of contraction in our net interest margin. This compression offset growth generated from core banking activities and resulted in flat overall revenue performance for the year.
Operating expenses decreased by two percent compared to 2004 but increased by 11 percent when debt termination charges in the prior year are excluded. This increase was largely due to sales force and banking center additions and investments in information technology. While the investments associated with this increase in spending resulted in negative operating leverage in 2005, we believe that these improvements in distribution and infrastructure are essential to the future success of Fifth Third.
3

                                        4
Our Priorities
Investing For Growth
With the profit margins available in our business, success has always been a function of the ability to generate revenue growth. However, the temptation to curtail investments and slash costs is extremely high during difficult times. The benefits of these strategies are generally short term in nature and the impact can extend well into the future. Success in any business is defined as consistently delivering above average returns that compound over time. History has shown that a company cannot shrink its way to meeting that standard. During 2005, Fifth Third:
• Invested in distribution. We added 63 de-novo banking centers and relocated other existing facilities across the footprint to drive deposit and loan growth in the years to come. These additions complement the 76 new banking centers added in 2004 and together will be an integral growth driver as we continue to attract customers and increase productivity. We acquired and integrated First National Bankshares of Florida, creating three affiliates in some of the fastest growing deposit markets in the country. Continuing de-novo investments will result in powerful distribution networks in the Orlando,Tampa and Southwest Florida metropolitan markets.
• Invested in people. We increased our sales force by nearly 1,400 positions in 2005. We still have work to do in reaching productivity goals for many of these additions, but I remain confident that a strong culture of sales measurement, accountability and performance-based rewards will drive future revenue growth.
• Invested in customer service. The manner and efficiency in which we support and interact with our customers is critical to Fifth Third's success. In order to improve our service, we began extensive customer polling efforts to identify successes as well as opportunities for improvement. Based on feedback from our customers, we realigned employee incentives, adjusted fee policies and expanded our product set. More opportunities exist to enhance customer service levels and improve retention, and
we are committed to delivering best-in-class customer service.
• Invested in technology. With the expertise that comes from the successful handling of more than 16.4 billion electronic transactions in 2005,
we are dedicated to providing a proven sales culture with the absolute best tools available to serve and grow our customer base. Initiatives included new relationship management systems, fully automated and integrated teller platforms, new call center management systems and improved processing capabilities with enhanced capacity, reliability and scale.
“Success in any business
is defined as consistently delivering above average returns that compound over time. History has shown that a company cannot shrink its way to meeting that standard.”

                                         “Our primary responsibility
is to invest shareholders’ capital
in a manner that enhances value while ensuring that our businesses are being properly compensated for the level of risk being assumed.”
Maintaining Financial Discipline
Financial discipline is the foundation of great companies, and great companies consistently deliver superior risk-adjusted returns relative to the competition.
Fifth Third is determined to once again be one of those companies. Our primary responsibility is to invest shareholders’ capital in a manner that enhances value while ensuring that our businesses are being properly compensated for the level of risk being assumed.
We will continue to improve our ability to measure and manage risk in all its various forms – credit, interest rate, operational, liquidity and general business – in order to reduce volatility and react more quickly to changing business and economic climates.
In business, just as in personal finance, investment climates are not all created equal. Fifth Third will take a long-term view and will forego short-term profits if they are accompanied by the potential for excess risk and volatility. During2005,FifthThird:
• Responded to relatively low long-term interest rates and a poor climate for acquisitions by returning excess capital to shareholders. We increased the dividend by 11 percent to $1.46 per common share and repurchased 38 million shares, six percent of total outstanding, for $1.6 billion.
• Responded to the relatively inferior return inherent in continuing to invest in bond securities by foregoing current period earnings through a
$5.6 billion, or 18 percent, reduction in average securities held on the balance sheet.
 5

                                         6
Fostering a Team-Driven Culture
I have always believed, regardless of starting position, the bank with the best people will gain leading market share over time. Everything we do at Fifth Third is focused on identifying and rewarding top performers with the opportunity to drive results through our unique affiliate operating model. In recent years, as we have many times in the past, we experienced some change at both the affiliate and senior management levels. We thank these leaders for their efforts and honor their contributions by recommitting to the challenge of revenue growth and matching the work ethic for which this company has long been known. In each of our affiliates, we have experienced leaders working as a team to serve all of the customers in their market. Whether, like me, these leaders have been with Fifth Third for a very long time or have brought to our company many years of banking experience gained elsewhere, we all share a team orientation, a sales focus and a desire to serve our customers and shareholders. We remain committed to the challenge of driving revenue growth and capitalizing on the opportunities that lie ahead.
Supporting Our Communities
Fifth Third has always operated under the premise that helping to build stronger communities will result in a stronger and more dynamic bank. Lending to build and revitalize neighborhoods, philanthropic giving and active community involvement are long-standing traditions at Fifth Third. I invite you to read about our most recent efforts on page 20 of this report.
“We remain committed to the challenge of driving revenue growth and capitalizing on the opportunities that lie ahead.”

                                         “We have asked a great deal of our employees in 2005, and they have delivered.
However, many challenges remain,
and we still have a lot of work remaining
to complete our shared vision of what Fifth Third can become.”
 In Closing
Fifth Third has truly been transformed in the last couple of years, but perhaps not in the manner you would expect. The growth trajectories of the key drivers in our business – deposits, fees and loans – remain intact, with annualized growth rates consistent with Fifth Third’s standards and historical performance. Change can be seen, however, in improvements in our commitment to customer service, use of technology, corporate governance and capital and risk management. Perhaps more so than at any time in our history, Fifth Third today has the infrastructure necessary to aggressively compete in a consolidating financial services landscape while maintaining the local market differentiation provided by our affiliate bank model. In the years to come, you can expect to see Fifth Third continuing to increase our presence in high opportunity markets while remaining mindful of opportunities to establish affiliates in new metropolitan markets.
I would like to thank our customers, employees, board members and the communities in our 19 affiliates for their contributions and continued support. We have asked a great deal of our employees in 2005, and they have delivered. However, many challenges remain, and we still have a lot of work remaining to complete our shared vision of what Fifth Third can become.
The focus for 2006 will be on continuing to generate quality deposit and loan growth, enhancing all of our businesses and gaining market share by meeting more of the financial services needs of our customers. Our existing competitive and financial strengths, combined with superior talent and an enhanced infrastructure and focus, make me extremely optimistic about the years
to come. Sincerely,
George A. Schaefer, Jr.
President & Chief Executive Officer January 2006
 7
