 A Message To Our Shareholders
   Greg D. Carmichael
President and Chief Executive Officer
Dear Fifth Third Shareholders,
It is my great pleasure to address you as chief executive officer of Fifth Third Bancorp. I am honored by the Board’s appointment to this post and I look forward to helping our Company deliver new solutions that will continue to raise the bar on the services we provide as a trusted advisor to our retail and commercial customers.
Before turning to the highlights and challenges of 2015, and on behalf of everyone at Fifth Third, I want to thank Kevin Kabat for his 33 years of strong and steady leadership. Having served as CEO for more than eight
of those years, Kevin deftly guided Fifth Third through the financial crisis with a steadfast commitment to deliver shareholder value and support the communities we serve. I want to thank him for his guidance, his support and his friendship.
2015 was a transformative year for Fifth Third; a year in which we took bold steps to better navigate, manage and anticipate industry change as well as risk, and a year in which we redoubled our efforts to keep the customer at the center of everything we do.
The second half of the year was especially active as we worked to position Fifth Third for sustainable success through every economic cycle.
For example, we welcomed several top-caliber executives who are already contributing to our talented leadership team. We chose to exit two of our retail markets to improve efficiency and competitiveness. And we resolved a number of long-standing regulatory matters, allowing us to take a strong step forward on the road ahead.
Given the grounding early in my career in technology and operations, you will not be surprised to hear that this road will include significant technological milestones as well as a focus on process improvements, customer service and regulatory excellence. We are firmly committed to growing our businesses profitably and responsibly.
2015 Performance
Our progress in 2015 across our businesses and markets provides a good start. Net income available to common shareholders was $1.6 billion and earnings per diluted share were $2.01. The results reflect a solid performance across each of our business lines, highlighted by revenue growth in mortgage banking, payments processing and wealth management. This contributed to a return on average assets of 1.2 percent, which is an increase from 2014 and higher than the average of our commercial bank peers.
Return on average tangible common equity1 of 13.5 percent was a 130-basis-point increase from 2014. Loan and lease balances grew by more than $2 billion in 2015, as our continued focus on the commercial and industrial space remained strong. The growth in our commercial business was complemented by customer deposits, which increased by over $5 billion. We continued to recognize significant value from our position in Vantiv and, as a result, generated over $500 million of after-tax cash proceeds after liquidating a portion of our position.
1 Non-GAAP measure. For further information, see the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section of MD&A.
   FIFTH THIRD BANCORP 2015 ANNUAL REPORT | 1

 A Message To Our Shareholders continued
Expenses were up in 2015 as we invested in our commitment to digitize our business and regulatory excellence. However, we improved our efficiency ratio
by carefully managing the relationship between revenue and expenses. Line of business performance also improved. Mortgage banking revenue grew 12 percent due to more than $8 billion in originations. Wealth management revenue grew
3 percent as asset management and securities and brokerage fees grew 3 and
4 percent, respectively. Payment processing revenue increased 2 percent as we issued more credit cards to meet customer needs and grew our client base. We also continued to return capital to shareholders through a 2 percent dividend increase and the repurchase of over 42 million shares of common stock.
Driving Consistently Strong Results
In a world of higher and higher expectations—in terms of service, efficiency, results and returns—our own expectation for Fifth Third is to deliver a consistently strong performance throughout the cycle. To meet that expectation, we have added and enhanced talent and ramped up the level of accountability at all levels of the Company.
Our commitment to growing our businesses will be calibrated and measured, with a focus on profitability, lower volatility and risk management. Resources will be allocated strategically and carefully managed. Additionally, we will seek relationships with the right risk/return profiles.
This includes avoiding an over-reliance on credit income and building out more fee-driven relationships, specifically showcasing our suite of products across our consumer and core middle-market sectors.
Common Dividend Per Share
$1.00 $0.75
$0.50 $0.47 $0.51 $0.52 $0.25
$0
Book Value Per Share
         $20 $16 $12 $8 $4
$15.85 $17.35 $18.48
2011 2012 2013 2014 2015
             $0 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 Average Assets ($B)
 $160 $120 $80
$123.73 $131.94 $140.11
      $112.67
$117.61
          The substantial investments we have made in people, products and services are
already moving us toward a better mix of fee and credit income. By focusing on $40 having a greater proportion of our revenue driven by fee-based products and
services, we are supporting our goal to operate with lower volatility. We have also
worked to reshape our business mix, again to manage the volatility inherent in
certain, more cyclical industries. We regularly consider opportunities that could
be additive to our existing businesses or could expand our existing lineup.
     We are very pleased to have assembled a leadership team that brings together significant experience from within the industry and from companies that have served the industry. New additions include Lars Anderson, a seasoned commercial banker with a 30-year record of success at other large regional banks. Since the day he joined us as chief operating officer last August, Lars has modeled the high level of work ethic and performance that is necessary for us to win. Tim Spence came to Fifth Third in September from Oliver Wyman, where he was a partner in the regional banking practice. As our new chief strategy officer, Tim brings along substantial knowledge about our Company, our industry
and the competitive landscape. Chief Legal Officer Heather Russell Koenig, who also joined in September, has deep experience with regulatory affairs at several other large financial institutions. In addition to these great executives, we also have added senior talent in sales, credit and risk management over the last 18 months. These leaders, along with the highly capable and engaged individuals all across our Company, have the skill and energy to execute on our vision.
$0 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015
NPA Ratio
3.0
2.5
2.0
1.5 1.49%
1.0 1.10% 0.82% 0.70% 0.5
0.0 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015
 2.23%
             Common Shares Outstanding
950 900 850 800 750 700
920
       2 | FIFTH THIRD BANCORP 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
$0.36 $0.28
  $13.92
$15.10
882
855
824
   785
   2011 2012 2013 2014 2015
 
    Our commitment to growing our businesses will be calibrated & measured, with a focus on profitability, lower volatility and risk management.
Dealing Effectively with Uncertainty
Along with investing to grow and drive efficiencies in
our core businesses, we are also mindful of the challenges of operating through different economic cycles to protect the value of the business. As you may know, interest rates have recently dominated discussion around bank earnings, and we continue to perform well in the current low interest rate environment. Our balance sheet is positioned very well and reflects our expectations for slowly rising interest rates, as our securities portfolio is structured with lower exposures to prepayments and re-pricing.
At the same time, however, we have also maintained the
  flexibility to adapt to an even lower rate environment in the event that the Fed takes a slower-than-expected approach. We believe this strategy will be pivotal to supporting a stable earnings stream in a continually uncertain rate environment.
In any environment, the keys to our future are steadfast: keep the customer at the center, operate with excellence, proactively manage risk and foster engagement among our teams.
Achieving Excellence in Risk Management and Operations
While we are constantly looking ahead, we are also focused on day-to-day operational excellence while managing the risks that are inherent in the business of banking. As I mentioned earlier, we settled a few significant regulatory matters in 2015 and we were pleased to put these matters behind us. We are focused on ensuring that we meet or exceed our regulatory and compliance targets to avoid regulatory enforcement actions in the future.
As the Dodd-Frank Act and other banking regulations take effect, we are gaining more clarity around the types of regulatory and compliance expectations we will be required to meet in the coming years. We have made the necessary investments to continue to meet these expectations and ensure that our risk management culture will be a competitive advantage going forward.
Our commitment to risk management is not just about the back office, or narrowly focused in support of regulatory and compliance areas. Our commitment is also a big driver of how we think about customer satisfaction as we strive to achieve service excellence. When we deliver on our operational duties, risks are mitigated, and both our customers and our Company win.
This means that whether a customer is standing in front of us or banking online, at the ATM or on the phone, he or she should have a great experience with Fifth Third. We need to make sure we do all we can, every time, to deliver from an operational standpoint. This will mitigate risk to the customer and to us, all while ensuring that every customer has a great overall experience at Fifth Third. Ultimately, we are proving to our customers that they can and should trust
us to provide high-quality and highly efficient services that connect them with their goals.
 FIFTH THIRD BANCORP 2015 ANNUAL REPORT | 3

 A Message To Our Shareholders continued
Keeping Customers at the Center
Doing the right thing, the right way, is a core principle of our Company. We want to be the One Bank people most value and trust. To achieve this, we will remain focused on understanding and meeting customer needs; being clear and transparent; and delivering solutions when, and how they want to bank. We will look at processes through the lens of the customer and work to continually meet and exceed expectations. We know that by putting the customer at the center of everything we do, we will continue to create shareholder value.
With the right foundation in place, we are firmly focused on growing direct, profitable relationships with our customers. Being a trusted advisor and taking care of our customers are vital to creating value for our franchise, and will require us to increase the pace of play across each of our businesses.
In the Consumer Bank, investments in technology and efforts to develop and improve digital channels are essential to building these relationships. Customer demographics are changing, and by any measure, it’s clear that their comfort level with digital channels is growing. Digital channel experiences are generally more highly rated than traditional service channels and online services in retail and other categories are increasing expectations for access, transparency and speed.
Digital channels are integral to the way people shop for, apply for and use financial services and we are already using these tools to increase the number of customer touch points. This places a higher focus on customer-facing actions while helping to develop a consultative sales process in which we are the trusted advisor to our consumer customers.
Late last year, we rolled out a new website with an enhanced look and feel
to improve the customer experience, which is the most important factor in the ultimate success of digital deployment. As the frequency of digital contact is growing relative to physical contact, our investments have been increasingly moving to ensure and improve the quality of the experience. This also has led us to more effective management of our brick and mortar branch network. These strategies will improve customer experience and take risks out of processes,
   4 | FIFTH THIRD BANCORP 2015 ANNUAL REPORT

    We will look at processes through the lens of
the customer and work to continually meet and exceed expectations.
all while allowing us to deliver services and solutions to our customers safely and efficiently through the channels they most prefer.
In the Commercial Bank, we are targeting high- value customers with the right risk/reward balance. We have enhanced the capabilities available to our relationship managers so that they have the necessary tools to be assets to their customers, especially on the go. It is important that we monitor and consult on significant macroeconomic trends to help benefit commercial clients in a dynamic rate environment. By offering fast, seamless, convenient and flexible solutions,
  we will earn respect from our customers by promoting trust and integrity as the valuable advantages to doing business with Fifth Third.
In the wealth management business, our investments in mobile enhancements and our convenient Life360 tool will connect our customers and advisors to more information faster, which will improve the quality of relationships. Our specific focus on intergenerational wealth transfer will help build long-term relationships driven by the value Fifth Third provides as a trusted advisor.
Over the last several years, we have also continued to grow our Payments and Commerce Solutions business, and I am enthused about the opportunities we have in this space. We are bringing value-added services to customers faster than the competition and are focused on this competitive advantage going forward. Through emerging products in mobile payments, digital sales and consulting tools, we continue to drive customer-centric innovations.
Overall, we are using technology to enhance our ability to be nimble and opportunistic in all aspects of our Company. While we will continue to have an intense focus on expenses in 2016, we have invested wisely in the digital space. Technology is transforming our industry through its impact on day- to-day operations, its success in widening the delivery channels for products and services, and the value that data analytics provides. Our digital investments will set the stage for ongoing outperformance through all economic cycles.
Digital channels are integral to the way people shop for, apply for and use financial services and we are already using these tools to increase the number of customer touch points.
      FIFTH THIRD BANCORP 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
| 5

 A Message To Our Shareholders continued
Improving the Lives of Customers and the Well-being of Communities
Fifth Third is committed to improving the lives of customers and the well-being of our communities. This commitment shows in our products, services and relationships, and it also shows in the way we step up and step together to positively impact the places where we live and work.
This long legacy of caring, which has been a hallmark of our Company, continued in 2015. Last August, for example, we announced that Fifth Third’s headquarters and Cincinnati region had held the most successful United Way campaign to date, raising more than $3 million from employee contributions alone. We provided roughly 800,000 meals to the hungry through Fifth Third Day celebrations in 2015 (5/3 on the calendar).
In June, we received the prestigious Community Service Award from the Illinois Bankers Association (IBA) for our many efforts to help the communities we serve, especially through our “Honoring Our Veterans” campaign. This campaign included providing veterans and military families with college scholarships, care packages, house remodeling, free pet adoptions, job coaching assistance and training for support dogs. It culminated on Veterans Day, when more than 200 veterans received either jobs or solid job leads at our first-of-its-kind “Hiring Fair” for veterans.
Additionally, since our collaboration with Stand Up To Cancer (SU2C) began in 2013, Fifth Third has raised $6 million by providing opportunities for customers and community members to help in the fight against this disease by donating
to SU2C’s innovative research programs.
We could not have this kind of community impact, nor could we deliver the financial products and services that improve the lives of individual and families, without the dedication of our more than 18,000
employees. Our employees are the face of
   Fifth Third. They also are the hands
that put their neighbors in homes; help businesses launch, expand and operate; put kids through college and send workers to a secure retirement. I am proud to be
part of this industry, this Company and this team. I look forward to the future with confidence, optimism and great faith that Fifth Third will continue to make a positive difference in the lives of customers, communities, employees
and shareholders.
Sincerely,
Greg D. Carmichael
President and Chief Executive Officer
I look forward to the future with confidence, optimism & great faith that Fifth Third will continue to make a positive difference in the lives of customers, communities, employees and shareholders.
    6 | FIFTH THIRD BANCORP 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
