 A Message
To Our Shareholders
Dear Fifth Third Shareholders,
2012 brought important clarity on a number of fronts and demon- strated the strength and resilience of our business model. Fifth Third’s overall financial results included the second highest net income in our history, with returns that approached those associated with a normalized environment. Although there is still more work to do, we have significant momentum in the business.
The past several years have brought a transformation to the bank-
ing and financial services industries that has introduced uncertainty
and required a significant amount of adaptation on the part of banks. However, many important regulatory and legislative requirements
have been finalized and adapted to, or have at least been proposed so
that business plans can be made with the rules in mind. The election was another significant source of uncertainty for businesses and consumers and it is now behind us.
The challenges for Fifth Third and the industry are also clearer. Most critically, financial services firms, including banks, must address the effects of the financial crisis on their reputations and regain the public’s trust. We also face an anemic economic recovery. Interest rates will almost certainly remain historically low for several more years – which is detrimental to bank earnings – and there are signifi- cant federal and local budget issues that must be resolved.
At Fifth Third, we rise to these challenges each day. The environment demands new ways of doing business; we develop innovative solutions that drive value for our customers and sustainable revenue for our Company. It demands simplicity; we offer products and services that are straightforward and fairly priced. It demands agility; our unique affiliate model combines a responsive, local and customer- oriented approach with the efficiencies of a centralized operating platform. Market leaders and boards of directors in each of our 15 affiliates provide an intimate under- standing of dynamics across our footprint. We leverage our size to provide efficient functional support while maintaining a local focus. This approach, we believe, is the source of our competitive advantage. We are able to build stronger custom- er relationships while benefiting from economies of scale without the complexity associated with being a mega-bank. We believe that these traits will be key to our success in 2013 and beyond.
Kevin T. Kabat
Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 2012 ANNUAL REPORT
| 1

2
Our efforts to meet the demands of the new land- scape align with our belief that favorably differenti- ated banks with consistent, focused execution will be rewarded. The back-to-basics operating environ- ment is well-suited for our culture, our business model and our practices. We provide critically important products and services to individuals and businesses, including financial advice, safekeeping of assets and funding for life’s key moments. Banks that do the right things for their customers – listening to them, focusing on building relationships rather than transaction volume, and holding themselves accountable – will be rewarded as they earn their customers’ and the public’s trust.
Throughout the last five years or so, we have con- tinued to invest in our businesses and to update our sales processes. We believe that this attention to the future was critical and the right course of action, despite being difficult at times, particularly during the crisis. The effects of this focus were evident in our 2012 results. Net income available to common shareholders increased 41 percent compared with 2011 and Fifth Third earned a return on assets of 1.3 percent. High-quality loan growth, solid fee income production, expense discipline and credit improve- ment contributed to our strong results – results that enabled us to increase our return of capital to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. Total capital returned to common shareholders increased by more than 275 percent from 2011 to nearly $1 billion while we continued to increase lending activity and maintained strong capital levels.
Despite the demands faced by the industry, we never lost sight of our goals to improve customer satisfaction and employee engagement. Fifth Third Bank ranked second in 2012 on the Ponemon Institute’s list of the Most Trusted Retail Banks for Privacy for 2011. Additionally, Fifth Third Bank’s 2012 Retail Banking Customer Satisfaction score, as measured by J.D. Power and Associates, improved 10 points from last year, and remains strong among our peers. These analyses and those of other third- party research firms validate our work to improve the customer experience, which corresponds with higher customer loyalty and improved financial results.
Customer satisfaction extends past components like problem resolution, loyalty and retention. It reflects the whole experience, no matter how our services are accessed. We continue to make invest- ments in our distribution network through both traditional and newer channels. We opened 15 banking centers in areas we have identified as growth or underserved markets, relocated eight banking centers and upgraded approximately 40 percent of our ATMs with image capture capability. We are constantly looking to new technologies and methodologies to better serve our customers. We have found that customers who use our mobile products have lower attrition rates and add more value to the Bank than non-users. To that end, we made enhancements to our mobile apps, including the ability to deposit checks by taking a picture using an iPhone, and real-time alerts, such as transactional updates for credit card, debit card and ATM usage.
 Banks that do the right things for their customers – listening to them, focusing on building relationships rather than transaction volume, and holding themselves accountable – will be rewarded as they earn their customers’ and the public’s trust.

Customer feedback has been positive and adoption rates of these services continue to increase. We are competitive with others in the industry with our mobile offerings and we will continue to expand and differentiate our distribution channels.
Although consumers increasingly select self- service transactions, our physical presence via bank- ing centers and employees is a critical component of our ability to deliver value-added services. When we talk about building trust and relationships with our customers, the responsibility starts with management and ultimately rests with our employees, the face of our Company. We have the right people at Fifth Third to make it happen. Our workforce is energetic, smart, curious and engaged. We demonstrated continued improvement on our employee engagement scores as measured by Gallup, which increased nearly 20 percent from 2005 when we started measuring en- gagement, and are now in the top quartile of Gallup’s employee engagement database. This is a significant increase and indicates that our efforts are having a strong impact with employees.
As with employee engagement, our efforts to simplify our deposit products in 2012 support a number of changes we have made to become a more customer-centric organization. In simplifying product offerings to better serve our Retail customers, we reduced nearly 40 types of checking and savings accounts – mostly legacy products accumulated over time and through acquisitions – to five core check- ing and three core savings products. We designed relationship-based alternatives that fit the way customers prefer to do business with us, and we simplified our service charges, eliminating certain daily overdraft and early account closure fees, among others, to make our products even more attractive. The products introduced and the policy chang- es made as part of this reconfiguration were driven by direct customer feedback. The new product set streamlines work for our employees and simplifies
choices for customers. This approach squarely puts our customers first, in concert with our aim to be the first choice and trusted advisor for all of our customers. Early feedback has validated our expec- tations – that engaging in conversations with our customers leads to opportunities for deeper bank- ing relationships. The value of these relationships is not simply derived from a single product or line of business, but represents the total opportunity across the Bank. We have successfully converted customers in six of our markets and we expect to complete the roll-out in the first half of 2013.
I look back on 2012 and see the benefits of our investments, starting with our strategic plan before the financial crisis and continuing through it. We adopted new technologies. We developed strong market positions and further invested in our broad product offering. We are on a clear path forward, with great momentum and the capacity and ability to continue to improve market shares. We believe that the differentiating factors of Fifth Third are now, and in the future will be, recognized in the market. In 2012, Fifth Third’s total shareholder return (stock price plus dividends) increased 23 percent, which outperformed the S&P Banks index, up 21 percent, and the broader S&P 500 index, up 16 percent.
SUMMARY OF 2012 RESULTS
Fifth Third’s 2012 financial results reflected our strong competitive position and profitable business model. We reported full year net income available to common shareholders of $1.5 billion, the highest since 2005, and pre-provision net revenue* of $2.5 billion. Although the low interest rate environment and other environmental costs present near-term challenges, return on assets of 1.3 percent was just within our long-term target range for a more normal- ized environment, and return on average common equity was 11.6 percent, compared with 9.0 percent for 2011. Our efficiency ratio (expenses as a percent-
* Non-GAAP measure. For further information, see the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section of MD&A. 2012 ANNUAL REPORT | 3

age of revenue) of 61.7 percent also remains higher than our longer-term expectation for a more normal operating environment. We will continue to carefully manage expenses in the context of the business and revenue environment.
Credit metrics continued to improve across the board. Full year net charge-offs of $704 million declined 40 percent to 85 bps of average portfolio loans and leases, the lowest level in five years. Non- performing assets, including those held-for-sale, of $1.3 billion declined $639 million, or 33 percent. At year-end, total delinquencies excluding nonaccrual of $525 million were at their lowest level since the second quarter of 2004. This improvement in credit trends led to a reduction in our loan loss reserves of $401 million during 2012, while at the same time producing strong coverage ratios, at 2.16 percent of portfolio loans and 180 percent of nonperforming portfolio loans.
Net interest income remained stable despite the challenging interest rate environment, up 1 percent compared with 2011, and benefited from our focus on growing interest earning assets while we manage interest rate risk. Net interest margin was 3.55
percent and, although we expect additional margin compression given the interest rate environment, we expect it to remain manageable due to our relatively neutral interest rate risk profile.
Total loan growth at year-end of 6 percent was driven by higher origination volume particularly in commercial and industrial (C&I), residential mortgage and automobile loans. Average commercial loans increased 6 percent from 2011, with average C&I loan growth of $4 billion, up 15 percent. In 2012, we expanded our Commercial capabilities by estab- lishing a specialized energy industry lending group and remained focused on the healthcare industry, with our continued investment in new products to help hospitals and medical practices streamline their collection cycles and accelerate their cash flows.
Average consumer loans increased 5 percent from 2011, largely due to average residential mortgage loan growth of 18 percent. Our mortgage business benefited from increased refinancing due to low rates and originations related to the government’s HARP 2.0 program, which represented nearly 20 percent of total mortgage originations. We continue to see opportunities in the mortgage business with
NET INCOME AVAILABLE TO COMMON SHAREHOLDERS
NET CHARGE-OFF RATIO
TIER 1 COMMON EQUITY*
   $1,800
$1,200
$600
$1,541
4.0% 3.5% 3.0% 2.5% 2.0% 1.5% 1.0% 0.5%
10%
9% 7.5% 8%
9.4% 9.5%
2011 2012
      $1,094 $503
3.02%
2010
1.49%
2011
0.85%
2012
7% 6% 5% 4% 3% 2% 1% 0%
   4
* Non-GAAP measure. For further information, see the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section of MD&A.
$0 0% 2010 2011 2012
2010

the ongoing housing market recovery and across the Bank as we deepen relationships with many of these customers. Also within the consumer portfolio, av- erage auto loans increased 4 percent from 2011, and benefited from our continuous presence in the indi- rect auto market and our expanding footprint, which now reaches 45 states. Average credit card balances increased 5 percent from 2011. Originations of our DUO Card represent an important component of our total card production and we continue to bring new offerings to market. One example is Access 360°, our differentiated prepaid, reloadable card that gives cus- tomers the flexibility to bank on their terms. Both of these cards are natural complements to our product suite and represent another example of listening to what our customers want and providing it to them in an effective way.
Deposit growth in 2012 was also robust and benefited from our focus on new customer acquisition and household growth. Average transaction deposit account balances (primarily demand, savings and money market accounts) increased in 2012 by $6 billion, or 8 percent, and average core deposits in- creased by $4 billion, or 5 percent.
Noninterest income represented about 45 percent of the Company’s total revenue. Consistent with strength in loan production, we have seen strong fee income in mortgage banking net revenue and corporate banking revenue. Mortgage banking net revenue grew 41 percent from 2011. This outstanding result is attributable to our ability to capture market opportunities while interest rate movements and government programs increased the demand for new mortgages and refinancing. Corporate banking revenue grew 18 percent from 2011. We know that today’s businesses have needs that extend beyond traditional commercial bank offerings. That is why we have come to market with smart, new business solutions that incorporate modern technology and facilitate tailored solutions for our customers. For example, our Remote Currency Manager, a treasury
management product that enables customers to maximize cash flow while boosting cash manage- ment, eclipsed 7,000 locations during the year and generated annual revenue of about $13 million.
Our Investment Advisors business contributed about 12 percent of fee income. Total assets under care increased to more than $300 billion as a result of growth in the Private Bank, Institutional Services and Fifth Third Securities. This business benefits from a highly experienced sales force, a continued focus on attracting top talent, and growth in the number of profitable households. In the third quarter of 2012, we completed the sale of our money market mutual funds to Federated Investors and our retail stock and bond funds to Touchstone. These transac- tions enable Fifth Third Asset Management to focus on institutional money management and reinforce our commitment to an open architecture advisory model. They provide another example of how we have simplified and focused our operating model and are increasing the value proposition to customers, which ultimately benefits our shareholders.
Another significant transaction for Fifth Third in 2012 was Vantiv, Inc.’s initial public offering (IPO). This IPO was part of a process that began four years ago with our decision to sell an interest in Fifth Third Processing Solutions. We believed then that the growth of the business would be accelerated by enabling it to operate independently, and that is exactly what has happened. Vantiv nearly doubled its revenue since 2008, which also included the benefit of several acquisitions that would have been difficult to accomplish had the processing business remained a fully consolidated subsidiary of the Bank. In the second half of 2012 we sold a portion of our Class A shares of Vantiv common stock to further monetize our ownership position in Vantiv. These transactions have strengthened our Company by increasing our focus and core strengths and have led to the creation of a strong and well-positioned new public company in Vantiv. We continue to own a 33 percent interest in
2012 ANNUAL REPORT
| 5

Vantiv, whose market capitalization was $4.6 billion at year-end. This is a valuable stake relative to our market capitalization and we have significant flexibility in our future actions and our options for deploying that capital.
Our strong earnings results produce high rates of internal capital generation, which have been supple- mented by the Vantiv gains. Our capital levels substantially exceed required regulatory well-capital- ized minimums and proposed future standards. These characteristics position Fifth Third with the ability to distribute excess capital to shareholders while maintaining already strong capital levels. In 2012, we increased our quarterly dividend to $0.10, which moved us closer to levels consistent with the Federal Reserve’s near-term dividend payout ratio guidance of 30 percent. In addition, under our 2012 capital plan approved during the Federal Reserve’s Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review, we repurchased $475 million of common shares and also repurchased $175 million of common shares as a result of gains on the sale of Vantiv shares. Despite these repurchases, our Tier 1 common ratio* in- creased 16 bps in 2012 to 9.5 percent, and our Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio was 10.7 percent at year-end compared with the 6 percent regulatory well-capital- ized minimum.
We believe we are well-positioned to continue the momentum reflected in a profitable 2012, and our business model has a demonstrated ability to generate organic growth even in a challenging environment. The economy is recovering, albeit slowly, and we are well-suited to take advantage of marketplace developments and opportunities. Our employees are determined, ready and able to meet the demands of the environment and I thank them for their dedication to Fifth Third, our customers and our shareholders. Our workforce is more engaged than ever and is committed to providing a top-notch customer experience that incorporates customers’ input and delivers innovative solutions. We share a vision for Fifth Third to be the one bank that people most value and trust. As we work to achieve this vision, I am confident that through a thoughtful, straightforward and balanced approach, our Company will be an industry leader into the future.
Sincerely,
Kevin T. Kabat
Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 2013
  We believe we are well-positioned to continue the momentum reflected in a profitable 2012, and our business model has a demonstrated ability to generate organic growth even in a challenging environment.
 6
* Non-GAAP measure. For further information, see the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section of MD&A.
