LETTER FROM THE PRESIDENT & CHIEF EXECUTIVE
we know who we are Dear Shareholders and Friends,
We improved our competitive positioning on many fronts in 2004 in order to drive revenue and earnings growth in the years to come. Business line revenue growth, success in attracting new deposit and loan customers and improved credit quality, however, were offset by the difficulties in managing through the transition from the lowest level in interest rates in over 40 years.
Earnings per diluted share for the full year 2004 were $2.68, a decrease of seven percent over last year’s earnings of $2.87. Return on average assets was 1.61 percent and return on average equity was 17.2 percent, compared to 1.90 percent and 19.0 percent, respectively, in 2003. Earnings in 2004 were impacted by initiatives undertaken in the fourth quarter to better position the balance sheet for current and expected market conditions, including debt termination charges and securities losses totaling $326 million pre-tax ($208 million after-tax) or $.37 per diluted share.
The prolonged low interest rate environment led to declines in asset yields, net interest margin and returns on capital in 2004 that ultimately led us to the decision to reposition the balance sheet. Although this action impacted fourth quarter and full-year results, we believe it was in the best long-term interests of our shareholders. The balance sheet is now better positioned as the economy trends toward what we believe will be a more normalized and favorable interest rate environment.
 George A. Schaefer, Jr. President & CEO
2

“We improved our
competitive positioning
on many fronts to drive revenue and
earnings growth in the years to come.”
2004 highlights include:
• The 2004 dividend of $1.31 per share was a 16 percent increase over last year and a 34 percent increase over the 2002 annual dividend.
• Credit quality improved in 2004 with nonperforming assets and net charge-offs, as a percent of loans and leases, declining from .61 percent in 2003 to .51 percent in 2004 and from .63 percent in 2003 to .45 percent in 2004, respectively.
• Average loans and leases increased by nine percent and average transaction deposits increased by seven percent over 2003.
• We added 1,155 net new sales positions throughout our markets.
• We added 76 new banking center locations in 2004, excluding relocations of existing facilities. We believe this is the most cost-effective method of expansion in our largest affiliate markets.
• The acquisition and integration of Franklin Financial, combined with continuing de-novo expansion, provided entry into the attractive Nashville market. With $1.9 billion in assets and 14 locations, our Nashville affiliate provides a strong springboard for continued growth in the Southeast.
• The acquisition of First National Bankshares of Florida, a $5.6 billion asset bank holding company located primarily in the rapidly expanding markets of
Orlando, Tampa, Sarasota, Naples and Fort Myers, was announced in 2004 and subsequently completed early in 2005. First National was the largest bank holding company headquartered in the state of Florida and provides Fifth Third with a tremendous platform in some of the fastest growing deposit markets in the United States.
• We also invested significantly in information technology including the launch of an improved internet banking platform. We completed numerous automation and infrastructure improvements
that will all serve to ensure the scalability and strength of your company.
3

“our vision has not changed, and the very same
core principles responsible for our success remain intact...”
Outstanding financial performance has long been a hallmark of Fifth Third. Revenue and earnings per diluted share have both increased at annual compound rates of 11 percent over the last 10 years. Over the last five years, these same measures have increased at annual compound rates of nine percent and 12 percent, respectively. Owners of our company have realized just a one percent annualized total return on this earnings growth over the same five-year time period. While outperforming many broader market indices, this level of investment performance has been the source of frustration for our management team and investors alike. However, our focus as a management team remains on making the necessary investments and sound decisions to strengthen our competitive advantage within our core middle market commercial and retail customer base. Ultimately, top line revenue growth and disciplined expense control will continue to drive the earnings and capital growth that we believe provides for stock price appreciation over the long-term.
Fifth Third has grown over the years to become one of the largest and strongest financial services companies in the United States. With more than 1,000 banking
locations in attractive metropolitan markets, nearly $100 billion in assets, and, with a market capitalization in excess of $25 billion, we rank among the 10 largest banks in the country. We are very enthusiastic about the future and, with only an eight percent market share in our markets and a best-in-class operating model and distribution network, we have a tremendous opportunity in front of us. Our vision has not changed and the very same core principles responsible for our past success remain intact, including an unwavering commitment to be the premier financial services provider and employer of choice in all of our markets. We continue to strive to exceed the expectations of our customers, shareholders and neighbors, and I invite you to read about our approach and what we feel is the strength of our franchise in the pages that follow.
Today, Fifth Third is comprised of 17 affiliates headquartered in metropolitan markets throughout the Midwest and Florida. While every market is unique, two things remain constant at Fifth Third: a deeply held belief in the talent and entrepreneurship of our employees combined with the knowledge that a decentralized operating model allows them the
4

 flexibility to better serve our customers. We empower local managers to find the best ways to produce growth. In the years to come, you can expect to see us continue to increase our presence in our existing markets and establish affiliates in new metropolitan markets as an important part of our continuing growth. On average, our expectation is to add 70 to 100 banking centers and to increase our sales force by 15 to 20 percent every year. Our existing competitive and financial strength combined with enhanced infrastructure and technology, make me extremely optimistic about the future.
Last year marked the passing of a good friend: James D. Kiggen served on our Board for 20 years and his insight was instrumental in the success of Fifth Third. He will be missed. I would also like to extend our appreciation for the guidance and leadership of Richard T. Farmer and Joseph H. Head, Jr., both of whom retired from our Board of Directors in 2004 after 22 and 17 years of service, respectively.
I would also like to thank our customers, employees, board members and our communities for their continued support and confidence. The focus in all of our markets in 2005 will be driving revenue and quality loan and
deposit growth by adding new customers, increasing market share and striving to meet all the financial services needs of our customers. Fifth Third continues to maintain a cost advantage over competitors, possesses one of the strongest balance sheets in the industry, has a best-in-class distribution network, and, with significant growth potential, we look with great optimism to the challenges that lie ahead in 2005.
Sincerely,
George A. Schaefer, Jr.
President & Chief Executive Officer January 2005
We recently began hosting a series
of employee meetings throughout our markets.
Our credo, You Make the Difference, helps keep
all clearly focused on our mission of exceeding the
expectations of our customers, co-workers and shareholders,
of being our customers’ first choice and of being a great place to work.
5
