 “With the momentum we built from executing our strategic initiatives, the team at Foot Locker, Inc. was able to drive our sales and profits substantially higher than last year’s record results.”
9.8% 9.4%
2009 2010 2011 2012
32.8% 31.9%
30.0% 27.7%
2009 2010 2011 2012
$2.47
2009 2010 2011 2012
COMP GROSS EPS SALES MARGIN
       $1.82
$1.10 $0.54
  5.8% -6.3%
          LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
BUILDING MOMENTUM
In my letter to you in last year’s annual report, I high- lighted six updated strategies that we believed would enable Foot Locker, Inc. to continue to build momentum in our operational and financial performance. One year later, I
am pleased to be able to report to you that, by steadfastly executing the initiatives underlying those strategies, we did build our momentum in 2012. From 2011, which was the most profitable year in our history as an athletic footwear and apparel company, we produced an EPS increase of over 35 percent in 2012. In fact, as shown in the table below, we continue to produce significant gains towards all of the key financial objectives we established last year to help measure our progress. Our progress and results have been consis- tently strong and, while we are excited about our momen- tum, more importantly, we remain energized by the many opportunities ahead of us to elevate our performance even further towards achieving our vision --- to be the leading global retailer of athletically inspired shoes and apparel.
Top line growth was driven by strong gains in each of
our major merchandise categories: footwear, apparel, and accessories. Basketball footwear, in which Foot Locker, Inc. enjoys a leadership position, was the clear winner with our customers, but we produced gains in running and classic footwear styles, as well. The enhanced focus we have placed on apparel and accessories continued to produce excellent results, with sales growth well over 10 percent. Graphic t-shirts, hoodies, and shorts --- along with items such as performance socks and headwear --- completed the athleti- cally inspired outfit that our customer came into our stores or visited our websites to find.
The Company’s gross margin rate of 32.8 percent in 2012, was up from 31.9 percent in the prior year, and our selling, general, and administrative expenses were lowered to a rate of 20.9 percent from last year’s 22.1 percent. Both of these improvements represent our best performance ever and reflect a combination of more productive stores in terms of sales and a disciplined approach to managing our expenses.
In the United States, we have significantly improved the pro- ductivity of our
three primary male-oriented store chains: Foot Locker, Champs Sports, and Footaction. At the same time, we are testing exciting new assortments and store
 2012
$6.1 $443 9.9% 6.2%
14.2%
 Sales (billions)
Sales per Gross Square Foot Adjusted EBIT Margin Adjusted Net Income Margin Return on Invested Capital
Original Current 5-Year Plan Long-Term 2009 Objective* Objective
$4.9 $6.0 $7.5 $333 $400 $500 2.8% 8.0% 11.0% 1.8% 5.0% 7.0%
5.3% 10.0%
14.0%
*Our original objectives were established in early 2010 and replaced by the current long-term objectives in early 2012.
2012 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
Foot Locker, Inc. earned net income of $380 million in 2012, which is an increase of 35 percent over last year’s record-setting performance. Earnings per share increased from $1.82 to $2.47. Illustrating our consistency, comparable store sales increased 9.4 percent in 2012, in line with last year’s 9.8 percent gain. Total sales have increased more than 20 percent over the last two years, and reached $6.1 billion in 2012, the most ever in our history as an athletic company.
 3

designs for our female-oriented banners: Lady Foot Locker and our newest concept, SIX:02, which targets the athletic performance-oriented woman in her 20s and 30s. We have also positioned ourselves to be the leader in children’s athletic shoes and apparel by updating our Kids Foot Locker stores and assortment, as well as building our children’s busi- ness in each of our other banners.
Meanwhile, our European business remained solidly profit- able despite the challenging economic climate our customers there face. We continue to invest thoughtfully in store and online growth in Europe, where we already operate in 19 countries, as we look to solidify our position as the leading pan-European retailer of athletic footwear and apparel.
Our direct-to-customers segment attained the highest level of sales and profitability in its history. This business includes the industry-leading Eastbay brand, our fast-growing store banner websites such as footlocker.com, and CCS, where
we are intensifying our focus online. We are building on
our already strong digital performance with great product, excellent service, and engaging content and features for our customers.
Overall, our return on invested capital rose to 14.2 per- cent, a clear indication that the strategic initiatives we have taken, and the investments we are making, are creating significant value for you, our shareholders.
OUR STRATEGIES: NOW AND FOR THE FUTURE
The six primary strategies that we introduced in 2010 and updated last year have enabled us to build momentum in our current financial and operational performance, while also leading us to find new opportunities to improve our business further in the future. As a reminder, these strategies are:
• create a clear customer focus, to drive performance in our core athletic banners
• make our stores and internet sites more exciting, relevant places to shop and buy
• deliver exceptional growth in high-potential business segments
• aggressively pursue brand expansion opportunities
• increase the productivity of of our assets
• build on our industry leadin team
The pages that follow will highlight many of our key accomplishments in the first year executing these strategies, as well as look ahead to some of the specific opportunities we expect to invest in during 2013 and beyond.
FINANCIAL STRENGTH
The financial strength of our Company has enabled us to cre- ate and execute a balanced approach to building shareholder value. Our first priority is to invest directly into our business, taking advantage of the significant opportunities we have identified to elevate our performance over both the short and long term. Our capital expenditure program in 2012 was $163 million, and we plan to substantially increase the program in 2013, to approximately $220 million.
We continue to invest in many parts of our business, including: new and innovative store formats; systems for our buyers, planners, and store associates to improve productivity; enhanced training for store associates; powerful marketing campaigns; robust capabilities for our digital segment; and various technologies to improve our customers’ experience.
          4
all
g retail
      
 As a result of all these initiatives, we have driven increased traffic to our stores and internet sites, maintained consistent conversion rates, and increased sales per gross square foot
and sales per payroll hour significantly.
In addition to
deploying capital to build
our business in the future,
we are also very active in
returning cash directly to our share-
holders. In February, 2013 we announced an 11 percent increase in our common stock dividend payable in the first quarter of fiscal 2013. This increase, to 20 cents, marks the third year in a row with an increase in the 10 percent range. We also announced a new three-year $600 million share repurchase program this February, having repurchased $129 million of common stock in 2012.
Finally, we contributed $26 million to our North American pension plans during the past year, ensuring that they remain well-funded within applicable guidelines and regulations.
LOOKING AHEAD
Despite the challenges that still shadow the economies in the United States and abroad, we are optimistic about the opportunities that lie ahead for our business. Our entire team of associates has done an excellent job delivering the record financial results I detailed at the beginning of this letter. I want to thank each and every one of them for their dedication and service, which propelled Foot Locker, Inc.
to achieve more success than ever before. To elevate our performance even more, and be a consistent top quartile performer in the retail industry, will require sustaining the momentum we have built in many areas and taking advan- tage of our significant opportunities to accelerate it even further. I strongly believe that we have the right team to aggressively move our company ahead for the future.
We have been ably guided towards this goal by our outstanding Board of Directors. We have three directors retiring this spring, including James Preston, who has served
on our Board for 30 years and was lead director for five years. Allen Questrom and David Schwartz
are also retiring from our Board. I want to express my deep gratitude to each of them
for their strong leadership and counsel to Foot Locker, Inc. The Executive Committee and I will miss their support. However, at the same time, we welcome Maxine Clark
to our Board. Maxine has a tremendous record of innovation in leading global retail
businesses, and we look forward to her experi- ence and insights in the coming years.
Guided by our core values, the team we have at Foot Locker, Inc. is exceptional in its focus on executing our
key strategies. The focus of our associates on serving our customers is as clear to me when I travel to a store location in Poland or Australia as it is when I walk down to the store below my office at lunch time. Our dedication to service and teamwork is consistent whether I am visiting a financial services center, a distribution warehouse, or a division head- quarters. Our passion for excellence is recognized by our key partners, including our world-class suppliers, landlords, and others with whom we work closely to deliver great store formats, exciting marketing campaigns, and most impor- tantly, terrific footwear and apparel assortments that our customers really want.
Our success is ultimately realized by you, our share- holders, many of whom I have gotten to know over the last few years. It is gratifying to partner with so many of you who believe in our team, our values, our strategies, and the direction we are headed. We appreciate your support as we work to achieve our vision of becoming the leading global retailer of athletically inspired shoes and apparel.
Ken C. Hicks
Chairman of the Board,
President and Chief Executive Officer
   5
“We intend to continue building on our momentum in order to achieve the financial goals we updated last year as part of our long-range plan.”
