 SHAREHOLDERS’ LETTER
Since the commencement of the new millennium, our financial results have consistently improved on a quarter-over- quarter and year-over-year comparative basis, and, I am pleased to say that in 2003 we continued Foot Locker, Inc.’s strong track record of producing mean- ingful earnings growth and a further strengthening of our financial position. Moreover, our near-term and longer-term prospects are promising and we believe that we are just beginning to hit our stride.
Our significant accomplishments over the past four years are attributable to the hard work and dedication of our 40,000 worldwide associates. We have built a results-oriented culture within a highly disciplined organization that is focused on improving returns for our shareholders. While we are highly encouraged by our recent progress, we remain focused on continuing to raise the bar for ourselves. We are committed to enhancing shareholder value by driv- ing continued earnings per share growth and by using the cash that we are gen- erating to both reinvest in our business and to pay cash dividends to our share- holders.
2003 Financial Highlights
2003 was a significant year for us.
We reported strong growth in earnings and cash flow, and also better posi- tioned ourselves to continue to report further gains in the future. Every year is filled with distinct challenges as well as unique opportunities, and 2003 was no exception. First, however, let’s review our financial results:
• Total sales increased 6.0 percent to $4.8 billion.
• Operating profit margin expanded to 7.2 percent from 6.0 percent.
• Earnings per share grew by 27 percent to $1.40 from $1.10.
• Return on equity improved to 16.8 percent from 15.4 percent.
• Total cash, net of debt increased by $112 million.
Identifying Emerging
Fashion Trends Early
As we entered 2003, our stores in the United States faced several unfavorable trends that put pressure on comparable- store sales. These trends included a fashion-shift to lower-priced classic footwear, declining customer traffic in shopping malls, weak consumer confi-
dence and a highly promotional retail environment. Yet, despite the overall retailing environment, we succeeded by differentiating our businesses from the competition by identifying emerging fashion trends early and working closely with our suppliers to develop new and exclusive products for our customers.
Growth At Home And Abroad
The balance we are building into our business model is an important factor that has contributed to our impressive financial performance. Namely, we are growing our business both at home and abroad. In fact, our most significant sales and profit growth were generated by our stores operating in international regions. Europe, where we currently operate 427 stores, generated a 40 per- cent increase in total sales and produced record profits during 2003. We have tar- geted this market as a significant oppor- tunity for profitable growth over the next several years. In total, our athletic store segment sales grew by 6.1 percent and, more importantly, division profit increased 30 percent.
The successful implementation of strategic initiatives
has contributed to our significantly improved profitability, strong cash flow and solid balance sheet.
 Financial Highlights
(Millions, except per share amounts)
Sales
Total operating profit
Income from continuing operations Diluted EPS from continuing operations Cash, net of debt
2003
$ 4,779 $ 342 $ 209 $ 1.40 $ 112
2002
$ 4,509 $ 269 $ 162 $ 1.10 $ ---
2001
$ 4,379 $ 197 $ 111 $ 0.77 $ (184)
 1
 
   Store Summary
Foot Locker
Lady Foot Locker
Kids Foot Locker
Foot Locker International Champs Sports
Gross Square Footage
2003 2004
February 1,
2003 Opened
1,477 30 606 2 377 — 583 64 582 17
January 31, Remodeled/
Closed 2004 Relocated
59 1,448 75 24 584 105 20 357 19
7 640 10 18 581 41
128 3,610 250
Average
Size
4,100 2,200 2,400 2,800 5,600
3,600
Total Targeted
(in thousands) Openings
5,916 33 1,303 2 863 1 1,823 68 3,239 6
13,144 110
  Total 3,625 113
 Another source of sales and profit growth in 2003 was our direct-to-cus- tomers business. This business segment is comprised of our Footlocker.com and Eastbay Internet and catalog channels. Division profit from this segment increased 33 percent during 2003, reach- ing $53 million, or 14.5 percent of sales.
Investment In Our Future
While 2003 was an excellent year in terms of our financial performance, it was also a period of continued invest- ment in our future, from store base growth to enhancements to our opera- tional and technological infrastructure. We opened 113 new stores and remod- eled or relocated 250 existing stores during the year. We also continued to invest in several projects designed to strengthen our sourcing, information systems and merchandise distribution capabilities – an infrastructure which we believe is one of the most efficient in the retail industry. We initiated the installation of a new state-of-the-art point of sale system in our Champs Sports and Foot Locker U.S. stores, completed arrangements to expand our European distribution center in 2004 and enhanced the productivity of our direct-to-customers fulfillment center.
Continued Future Growth - 2004 And Beyond
As we look forward to 2004, we are very encouraged given the improving
sales growth trend that we experienced last year. Our U.S. stores have reached an inflection point, having passed the one-year anniversary of the trends that put pressure on our athletic footwear sales during the first three quarters of 2003. Moreover, we believe that we will also benefit from a healthier athletic footwear and apparel retail industry, including indications of continued con- solidation of other U.S. retail athletic companies.
As we move forward, we will continue to be guided, first and foremost, by our overarching goal of enhancing share- holder value by expanding our leadership position in the global specialty athletic footwear and apparel retail industry. Toward this goal, we are continuing to implement our Company’s three key ongoing strategies:
• Open additional stores in international markets.
• Rapidly grow direct-to-customers channels.
• Improve productivity of U.S. store base.
Several existing and new international markets have been identified for expan- sion that we expect will provide Foot Locker, Inc. with significant opportuni- ties to grow its store base. Europe pro- vides our most significant opportunity over the near term with further expan-
sion into the Asia/Pacific region being explored for the longer-term. Our plans in 2004 call for growing our international store base by approximately 10 percent, including the planned entrance into the Republic of Ireland, Hungary and the Czech Republic, each of which represents a new market for Foot Locker, Inc.
Growing our direct-to-customers chan- nels profitably is the Company’s second key strategy. This segment is the Company’s fastest growing business area, propelled by the explosive growth of the Internet for retail shopping. We plan to continue to expand this business through internally generated initiatives and by identifying new ventures with other well-known third parties.
The Company’s third key strategy is to enhance the profitability of its U. S. stores through several initiatives includ- ing those designed to lower its occupan- cy rate as a percentage of sales. We are aggressively remodeling and relocating certain stores, opening new stores in high-volume locations, closing unprof- itable units, and selectively negotiating new lease arrangements. Longer-term, sustained profitability growth is predi- cated on our ability to continue to dis- tinguish our businesses from their competition, by providing trend-right products and superior customer service through convenient retail channels.
 2
 
   The ability to operate profitably in international markets provides our Company with geographic diversification and exciting growth opportunities.
Enhanced Shareholder Value
The Company ended 2003 in a strong financial position, with a cash position, net of debt, of $112 million. We have financed all of the cash requirements of our worldwide store expansion of recent years with internally generated funds, while also repaying debt and increasing our cash balance. As a result, we cur- rently have a strong foundation to capi- talize, as appropriate, on incremental investment opportunities.
Capital spending of $165 million is planned for 2004, to enable the Company to continue its worldwide store expansion program and maintain an efficient infrastructure. This capital spending plan includes opening approxi- mately 110 new stores and remodeling or relocating over 200 existing stores. As in prior years, the total amount is expected to be financed utilizing funds generated from operations.
The management of Foot Locker, Inc. is focused on our foremost priority: enhancing shareholder value. We measure the accomplishment of this objective as the increase in our common stock price plus dividends paid to our shareholders. As such, 2003 was an extraordinary year as our stock price more than doubled, ending the year at $24.74 per share.
Reflecting its confidence in the Company’s future growth and profitability, towards the end of 2003 the Board of Directors doubled the cash dividend on common stock, raising the annual rate from $0.12 to $0.24 per share.
Since we place our shareholders’ best interests above all else, we are commit- ted to maintaining best practices in our corporate governance. Toward this end, our Board of Directors is committed to the assurance that our shareholders maintain confidence in our financial reporting. Our internal auditors continu- ally examine the effectiveness of our controls and processes across the organ- ization on an ongoing basis to ensure consistent and accurate financial report- ing. Our Audit Committee is very involved in the review of all outside dis- closures and adherence to new require- ments regulated by the SEC and the Financial Accounting Standards Board.
Our Board is comprised of individuals with sterling reputations and expertise. In particular this year, and on behalf
of the entire Board, I would like to thank J. Carter Bacot for his valued service during the past three years as Foot Locker, Inc.’s non-executive Chairman. Mr. Bacot has been an impor- tant advisor to management, particularly in matters of corporate governance and finance. We appreciate his continuing
Matthew D. Serra
commitment to our Company as a mem- ber of our Board and as the Board’s Lead Director.
Finally, we value the ongoing support of our shareholders. As we mark the 30th anniversary of the opening of the first Foot Locker store, we believe the Company’s prospects have never been brighter. Our outlook is positive and our opportunities are many. As we move for- ward, we will continue to work hard to capitalize on these opportunities for the benefit of all of our shareholders.
On behalf of our Board of Directors and our 40,000 associates worldwide, I thank you for your continued support and encouragement.
Sincerely,
Matthew D. Serra
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
  3
 