TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS

At Foot Locker, Inc., the goal is to continue to build on our leadership position as the largest athletic footwear and apparel retailer in the world.

Although faced with several external challenges in our industry, especially in Europe, our Company nevertheless generated solid financial results in 2006. From a strategic standpoint, the year was noteworthy because we identified new areas for growth and took meaningful steps to capitalize on those opportunities. As a result, we enter 2007 invigorated with the belief that our business is well-positioned to succeed in the global marketplace. Our goal is to continue to build on our leadership position as the largest athletic footwear and apparel retailer in the world. Our management team is resultoriented, self-driven and focused on producing high returns. At the same time, we are realistic in our expectations, which, given the competitive nature of our industry, leads us to be prudent in our decision making. We understand that it may not be possible for our Company to achieve its stretch financial goals every year; however, we continually strive to win each and every contest in which we participate and to overachieve whenever possible.

2006 Financial Standings The following are the financial highlights of 2006: · Total sales increased to $5.75 billion · Sales per gross square foot increased to $365 · Net income per share, before a non-cash impairment charge pursuant to SFAS No. 144, was $1.68 · Cash position, net of debt, was $236 million · Book value per share increased to $14.74 We did not meet all of the goals we set for ourselves going into the year and, for the first time this decade, our income from continuing operations did not increase from the prior year. Nevertheless, we did post respectable numbers for the year, given the challenges we faced. Our net income includes a $17 million pre-tax, non-cash impairment charge recorded during the second quarter to write-down store long-lived assets at the Company's European operations pursuant to SFAS No. 144. The Company's pre-tax earnings from

continuing operations, excluding this impairment charge, increased by $4 million as compared with the prior year. Two of our most important financial accomplishments in 2006 were reducing the amount of debt on our balance sheet and ending the year with our qualified pension plans fully-funded on a GAAP basis. We believe that our current financial position effectively supports our existing business and that additional debt capacity would be available should we identify new investment opportunities. We use a team approach to manage our diversified group of businesses, which means that when one division has an "off-year," another division must step up to the plate and pick up the slack. This was the case in 2006, as it has been in previous years. We believe this structure enhances our ability to produce consistent financial results in the future.

2

Gross Square Footage Store Summary January 28, 2006 Foot Locker Footaction Lady Foot Locker Kids Foot Locker Foot Locker International Champs Sports Total 1,398 363 554 327 723 556 3,921 Opened 37 17 22 23 20 27 146 February 3, Closed 2007 67 7 19 15 10 7 125 1,368 373 557 335 733 576 3,942 Remodeled/ Relocated 77 14 22 17 107 41 278 Average Size 4,000 4,700 2,200 2,400 2,900 5,500 3,700 2006 Total (thousands) 5,509 1,744 1,243 810 2,107 3,138 14,551 2007 Targeted Openings 25 10 10 10 10 25 90

Winning Combination Our Company has a winning combination of competitive strengths and strategic advantages that positions us well to build shareholder value. These strengths include: · Meaningful market share position · Extensive global diversification · Highly recognizable brand names · Strong infrastructure with available capacity to support growth · Management depth We have structured Foot Locker, Inc. as a portfolio of highly successful, complementary businesses ­ a structure that cannot be easily replicated by any other U.S. or internationallybased athletic footwear and apparel retailer. With almost 4,000 stores located in 20 countries in North America, Europe and Australia, as well as a direct-to-customers catalog and Internet business, we are the world's leading specialty retailer of athletic footwear. Over the past several years, we have extended our reach in the global marketplace while further differentiating our separate businesses to appeal to a wider and more

diverse customer base than would a single-brand strategy. We employ a marketing strategy that is designed to enhance the distinction between the six nameplates under which we currently operate ­ Foot Locker, Lady Foot Locker, Kids Foot Locker, Footaction, Champs Sports and Eastbay ­ brands that are among the most recognizable in retailing. The strength of our infrastructure and depth of our management teams also set Foot Locker, Inc. apart from the competition. We believe this strong foundation will enhance our ability to grow our Company efficiently over the coming years. Building for the Future We operate our business with a "win now" philosophy, but also understand that our strategic planning must consider long-term opportunities. Our objective is to sustain our Company's competitiveness by meeting our customers' needs as they evolve with trends in fashion. Maintaining the strength of our base business while pursuing new meaningful growth initiatives are our two overriding priorities.

Heading into 2007, we are very encouraged by three of our key initiatives. First, we continue to execute our real estate program effectively, which embodies strategies designed to increase our sales per square foot and operating profit margin. During 2006, we completed 549 real estate projects. We opened 146 new stores in markets where we have previously operated; we closed 125 poor-performing stores; and we relocated or remodeled an additional 278 stores. The completion of these projects contributed to the year-over-year increase in our sales per gross square foot, which reached $365 in 2006. In late 2005, we reached an agreement with a well-established franchisee to open Foot Locker stores in several countries in the Middle East, an area where we do not have the necessary expertise to operate owned stores successfully. Three stores were opened in 2006, and a total of 75 franchised stores are planned in this region over the next several years.

3

We operate our business under a "win now" philosophy, but also understand that our strategic planning must consider long-term opportunities.

Second, we are excited about a new retail store format that we plan to roll out over the next few years. This opportunity is a value-based family footwear chain named "Footquarters," which will be launched during the spring season of 2007. We believe this new format provides a significant growth opportunity for our Company. Third, we continue to explore acquisitions of specialty retail footwear chains. We plan to be cautious in this pursuit, identifying potential acquisition targets that would both contribute to our earnings per share in the near term and provide a meaningful return on our investment. Sportsmanship Because we believe that one of the keystones of any successful retailer is the relationship between the employee and the consumer, we want to attract and retain associates who not only have a strong drive to succeed, but who interact well with the customer. It is important, however, to maintain the appropriate balance between competing to win and playing by the rules. With this in mind, we

require all of our management associates to adhere to a code of conduct, which helps ensure that our Company remains in compliance with various government and regulatory requirements, accounting standards and our own corporate ethics policies. Playing to win also means helping the less fortunate by contributing to worthy causes. During 2006, Foot Locker Foundation, Inc., our Company and individual associates continued to play a meaningful role in supporting several charitable organizations, including the United Negro College Fund, the United Way and the American Cancer Society. Foot Locker, Inc. also led the charge in organizing a major fundraising event for the Two Ten Foundation, which provides many scholarship opportunities to worthy students within the footwear industry. As we begin 2007, our cash flow and current financial position are strong, and we are well situated to capitalize on new investment opportunities. We will closely evaluate opportunities for growth and balance them against returning additional cash to our shareholders. We were

very pleased to be able to increase our shareholder dividend by 39 percent during the fourth quarter of last year. Our future is bright and we remain focused on generating meaningful shareholder value over time. Finally, it is important to recognize our Board of Directors, which comprises individuals who hold themselves to a high standard of integrity and ethics and are the professional role models for our associates. Their guidance over the past several years and their vigilance in keeping management focused on enhancing shareholder value have been instrumental in our past success and enhances our confidence in the Company's future. We would like particularly to thank Purdy Crawford, a director since 1995, and Philip Geier, a director since 1994, both of whom are retiring this year. Our Company has benefited from their involvement and advice over many years, and they have contributed significantly to our success.

Matthew D. Serra Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

6 4

