LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
While this past year was challenging for our Company, we believe that our advantageous competitive edge and strong financial structure position us well for success in 2008.

Our Company's financial results for 2007 fell short of our expectations. Despite our disappointing performance, we believe we responded to the internal and external challenges by taking the necessary strategic steps to enhance our Company's future profitability. Overall, the climate for U.S. footwear retailers in 2007 was more challenging than it has been in a decade. We did not anticipate the severity of the slowdown in consumer spending ­ and in particular athletic footwear ­ that ensued across the country. As a result, we had to make adjustments to our merchandise strategy over the course of the year, and this adversely affected our 2007 financial results. While the near-term economic climate in the United States remains challenging, we believe when the current retail cycle turns more positive, that our Company will be in a strong position to capitalize on business opportunities. The depth and experience of our merchant-led senior management and store operations teams, supported by an efficient corporate infrastructure, gives us the advantage to be successful over the long term. Additionally, Foot Locker, Inc.'s strong
2

balance sheet provides us with the financial flexibility to execute our long-term business plans effectively and to move strategically to expand our business reach. The Year in Review Our financial performance in 2007 reflected declining U.S. store operations results. A challenging external environment, combined with a lack of exciting fashion trends in athletic footwear and apparel, were the primary reasons for the sales slowdown. Three additional factors contributed to reduced profits in our U.S. store operations and/or affected our overall earnings per share: · We recorded non-cash impairment charges pursuant to SFAS No.144 as well as expenses associated with closing unproductive stores of $81 million after tax, or $0.52 per share.

· We recorded an income tax benefit of $65 million, or $0.42 per share, to decrease a Canadian income tax valuation allowance relating to income tax deductions that we now expect to be utilized. While our U.S. operations did not perform to our standards in 2007, we are encouraged by the achievements made by our international divisions. Profits at Foot Locker Europe began to stabilize in 2007 after two years of profit declines, the profit margin at Foot Locker Canada remained in the double digit range, and the profit of our Foot Locker Asia/Pacific division increased significantly. As the challenging external environment unfolded over the course of the year, we proactively took several steps to ensure that our financial position remained strong, by: · Decreasing inventory purchases for

· During the year, we made a strategic decision to accelerate the clearance of slow-selling merchandise in our U.S. stores. This inventory clearance strategy resulted in markdowns at our U.S. stores increasing by approximately $125 million, after-tax, or $0.50 per share, compared to 2006.

the fall season of 2007 and spring season of 2008, reflecting a moremoderate external environment. · Reducing the number of new store openings in the United States from 103 in 2007 to 36 planned for 2008, to decrease capital spending.

Gross Square Footage Store Summary February 3, 2007 Foot Locker Footaction Lady Foot Locker Kids Foot Locker Foot Locker International Champs Sports Total 1,368 373 557 335 733 576 3,942 Opened 52 6 10 13 14 22 117 February 2, Closed 2008 145 23 41 27 16 22 274 1,275 356 526 321 731 576 3,785 Remodeled/ Relocated 61 11 29 26 34 35 196 Average Size 4,100 4,700 2,200 2,400 2,900 5,400 3,700 2007 Total (thousands) 5,252 1,662 1,177 782 2,117 3,130 14,120 2008 Targeted Openings 7 2 6 6 24 15 60

· Accelerating the closing of unproductive stores with a focus on cash flow negative locations.

foot at our existing stores. Specifically, we plan to focus on: · Providing our customers with

While our near-term strategic focus will be on improving the profitability of our existing stores, we will also continue to expand our business by opening new stores in international markets where we have a proven track record of success. In addition, we will pursue new opportunities for growth in markets where consumer dynamics hold the optimal characteristics for success in athletic footwear and apparel retailing. Thus, we expect to bring the Foot Locker banner to more countries even as we further penetrate those markets we currently serve. In line with this strategy, we plan to continue to open new stores in Western Europe in 2008. We also expect our third-party franchisee to continue to open new Foot Locker stores in the Middle East this year. We anticipate pursuing store growth opportunities in other international markets over the longer term. Commitment to our Shareholders

At the same time we took measures to sustain our financial strength, we recognized the importance of returning cash to our shareholders on an ongoing basis. In line with this priority, during 2007 we paid out $77 million, or $0.50 per share, in dividends to our shareholders and repurchased $50 million of our common stock. At year end, we had a total of $493 million in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, or approximately the equivalent of $3 per share. Our balance sheet debt stood at $221 million, while our book value was $14.70 per share. Re-positioning for the Future We have improved our competitive position in the athletic retail marketplace for 2008 by taking a more conservative approach to inventory management than we have in the recent past, and by closing unproductive stores in 2007. Our overall 2008 strategic priorities will be to pursue initiatives that we believe will further enhance comparable store sales and sales per square

more compelling assortments of name-brand athletic footwear by increasing the quantities of unique, exclusive and limited-distribution marquee goods in our stores. · Rebuilding our branded apparel business with both our existing and new highly-recognized suppliers while developing more exciting assortments of our private-label brands. · Further differentiating our store brands from one another by modifying the interior layouts of the stores, adding new fixtures to enhance the display of our products, and better defining and catering to the fashion desires of the core customer for each of our brands. · Freshening up the look and feel of our stores through renovations and remodels. We will concentrate on improving flooring and lighting and making other modifications that provide a more pleasant shopping experience.

We are committed to providing our shareholders with an appropriate return on their investment, and this requires us to be very thoughtful and prudent with our capital allocation decisions. In recognition of this commitment, our Board of Directors increased our common stock divi3

Longer-term, we believe we can fulfill our commitment to our shareholders by providing a meaningful return on their investment through strong cash flow and selective growth opportunities.

dend for 2008 by 20 percent, given our solid financial position at the end of 2007 and reflecting its confidence in the ability of our businesses to sustain positive cash flow generation. We believe that our associates worldwide are our Company's most important asset. Their dedication to providing the best in customer service has distinguished our stores from the competition for many years. We know that our success over the long term is dependent on our ability to attract and retain the most competent associates available, and we are committed to providing them with in-depth training and a working environment that enhances their ability to succeed.

To achieve our long-term goals, we also recognize that we must maintain a strong infrastructure by continuing to invest in new technologies. Foot Locker, Inc.'s current infrastructure, which includes various shared services, distribution centers and information systems, supports our existing businesses efficiently and has the capacity that would allow for future expansion. We believe this capability is another advantage that distinguishes our operations from the competition. Our Company is fortunate to be able to benefit from the experience of the members of our Board of Directors, who provide us with valuable guidance to enhance our ability to succeed. On behalf of our Board of Directors, I would like to recognize

the contributions of Chris Sinclair, who has been a valued member of our Board since 1995, who is not seeking re-election at the end of his term this year. We would also like to acknowledge our customers, suppliers and landlords for their continuing partnership and support. While this past year was challenging for our Company, we believe that our advantageous competitive edge and strong financial structure position us well for success in 2008. Longerterm, we believe we can fulfill our commitment to our shareholders by providing a meaningful return on their investment through strong cash flow and selective growth opportunities.

Matthew D. Serra Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

6 4

