Flowers Foods delivered another year of strong sales and earnings growth in 2007. Those good results
were possible because our team understands the importance of doing business THE FLOWERS WAY
as we execute operating strategies our team has developed over several decades.
Among the highlights for 2007:
Solid financial performance
• Sales reached $2.04 billion. 2007
was the fifth consecutive year sales
exceeded our long-term goal of
5% to 8% growth and the first time
we broke the $2 billion barrier.
• Net income increased 16.7% to
$94.6 million, or $1.02 per diluted
share, and income from continuing
operations grew 26.4%.
• EBITDA was 10.3% of sales, making
2007 the first time in our history we
reached our long-term EBITDA goal of 10% to
12% of sales.
Expanded sales opportunities
• Our branded retail sales were up 8.8%, driven by our
Nature’s Own, Whitewheat, and regional white bread brands.
• We continued to expand the reach of our direct-store-
delivery business into areas adjacent to our current
territory. This year we entered new markets in west
Texas and in Missouri and worked to increase our share
throughout all our markets.
Expanded capacity while maintaining margin levels
• Efforts to improve efficiencies and locate production
closer to our growth markets helped reduce selling,
marketing, and administrative expenses as a percent
 sales, partially offsetting lower
gross margin as a percent of
sales that resulted from higher
ingredient costs.
• We added production capacity
in our Newton, N.C., bakery
to support strong sales growth
in our core territories and
expansion markets.
Increased returns to shareholders
• The February 25, 2008 edition of
The Wall Street Journal
included a
Shareholder Scoreboard that rated
Flowers Foods second among the top 24 food products
companies in five-year average return. Flowers Foods’
five-year average return was reported at 34.4%
compared to the industry group average of 12.4%.
• We delivered to shareholders $42.1 million in
dividends during 2007 and invested $33.3 million
in share repurchases.
We achieved these record results even while facing input
cost increases of more than $100 million. These costs
reflect continued increases from 2006, which I noted in
last year’s letter were the most dramatic I had seen in
my four decades in this business. Our ability to deliver
record results in this challenging environment reflects the
strength of our business model, our strategies, and our
extraordinary team. We improved efficiencies and