 Dear Shareholder:
The year 2013 was one of growth, opportunity, and change for Flowers Foods. Our company delivered record full-year sales and earnings growth as the competitive landscape in the baking industry continued to evolve. The Flowers team did an outstanding job last year serving customers throughout our direct-store-delivery (DSD) territory following Hostess’ exit from the market in November 2012. Similarly, our cake business had strong growth in 2013. Through the hard work of the entire Flowers team, our company had significant and sustainable volume increases that led to our record-setting year.
Key results of 2013 include sales of $3.75 billion, an increase of 23.1% from 2012; adjusted net income of $192.3 million, compared to $142.4 million last year, a 35.1% increase; and adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.91 compared to $0.69 in 2012, a 31.9% increase. Our accomplishments underscore the success of our long-term commitment to investing in our bakeries, improving efficiencies, delivering high-quality products and customer service, and building strong brands.
The year was marked by two significant acquisitions for Flowers. In February 2013, we completed our acquisition of the rights to the Sara Lee and Earthgrains brands for sliced breads, buns, and rolls in California. In July 2013, we completed our acquisition of former Hostess bread brands including Wonder, Merita, Home Pride, and Butternut, plus 20 closed bakeries and 36 closed depots. By fall 2013, we had begun reintroducing Wonder and the other brands throughout our DSD territory where those brands had been sold previously. The reintroduction continues in 2014, and we are pleased with initial consumer acceptance of these popular brands.
Also in July, Lepage Bakeries in Maine completed its first year as a Flowers subsidiary, and our team continues with this integration. During the same month, we acquired a bun bakery in Modesto, Calif. We added a high-speed bread line there that began operating in March 2014. In November 2013, we opened a bakery in Henderson, Nev., the first of the acquired former Hostess bakeries to open as a Flowers subsidiary. This bakery is located near Las Vegas and serves critical markets in southern California and Nevada. In March 2014, we announced our intent to open another acquired Hostess bakery in Knoxville, Tenn., to help support capacity needs in that region. We expect the bakery to open in late spring 2014.
Last year also proved to be a strong one for our two top brands. Our Nature’s Own brand reached approximately $1.1 billion in annual retail sales – the first bread brand in the U.S. to reach this milestone – earning the title of America’s best-selling bread brand. Our Tastykake brand reached approximately $425 million in annual retail sales, achieving a 46.2% increase over 2012.
As you may recall, in 2011 we set a goal to have our fresh bakery brands available to at least 75% of the U.S. population by 2016. Congratulations to our team members, independent distributors, and associates for helping us exceed this ambitious goal three years early. As 2013 drew to a close, approximately 79% of the U.S. population had access to Flowers fresh products, securely positioning us as the second-largest packaged bakery foods producer in the U.S.
Amid all this growth, our team never lost sight of Flowers’ long-held strategies: constantly improving productivity, controlling costs, and enhancing product quality. Flowers team members have proven time and again they are the best in our industry, helping us meet our goals by working The Flowers Way. Their efforts – combined with those of our independent distributors and associates – enable us to exceed customer expectations, meet our goals, and deliver value to our shareholders.
For many years now, we have said that our unique culture – we call it The Flowers Way – is one of our best competitive advantages. In 2013, we launched the Compass Program, an intensive, culture-focused training session for current and future Flowers leaders. Compass participants are charged with helping to ensure that The Flowers Way is alive and well at their respective work locations.
We are proud of our accomplishments in 2013, and we thank our board of directors for their oversight and service during an extraordinary year. Looking forward, our team sees opportunity to expand our overall market share and our DSD territory while continuing to grow through acquisitions. Therefore, in March 2014, we moved the target for our DSD segment to have access to at least 90% of the U.S. population by 2018. We also announced two new targets – achieving a 20 share of bread, buns, and rolls and a 12 share in snack cake in the IRI U.S. Market. And, we reaffirmed our additional long-term objectives, which include annual sales growth of 5% to 10%, EBITDA margins of 11% to 13%, and double-digit earnings per share growth. Clearly, our team is excited about what lies ahead for Flowers Foods in 2014, and we thank you for your investment in our company.
George E. Deese Allen L. Shiver
  Executive Chairman of the Board
Flowers Foods’ Guiding Principles: Integrity, Service, Quality, Commitment
President and CEO
