Flowers Foods achieved solid sales and earnings growth for
2009. Our team delivered these results in spite of continued
pressures from a troubled economy and changes in the
competitive landscape. In the face of such challenges, our
team remains focused on delivering value for our customers,
consumers, and shareholders.
 The high points of 2009 were: sales of $2.6 billion,
an increase of 9.7%, excluding the 53rd week of 2008; net
income attributable to Flowers Foods of $130 million, or
5.0% of sales and an increase of 9.3%; earnings per share
of $1.41 compared to $1.28 in 2008; and a 7.9% increase
in branded sales for the year in a 52-week to 52-week
comparison.
 Our operating strategies are right and our business
model is sound. Flowers Foods has staying power because
we have invested in bakeries, products, brands, technology,
distribution systems, and our team. As a result of these
capital investments, Flowers Foods has a cost structure that
allows us to be a low-cost producer of quality bakery foods,
to have strong brands that consumers trust, and to offer
innovative new products. We put strong emphasis on going
beyond what our customers expect us to deliver.
 We have proven growth strategies. We are growing in
our core markets through further penetration and product
innovation. We are expanding into new markets, adding
to our DSD sales each year. We are seeking acquisitions
that expand our geographic reach and offer synergies, new
products, and new customers.
Every day, we go about our business working
THE FLOWERS WAY, which means we make the extra
effort, we share credit with fellow team members, we give
exceptional service, and we constantly focus on improving
the company and our performance. The talent, experience,
and determination of our team set us apart from others
in the food industry and are, perhaps, the factors most
important to our ongoing success.
We also recognize the contribution of our outstanding
board of directors. Our directors believe in accountability,
responsibility, and ethical behavior. We are fortunate to have
their oversight and guidance.
Flowers Foods exited 2009 better positioned than we
entered it – our bakeries are more efficient, our brands and
product mix stronger, and our geographic reach broader.
Our team is focused on growing sales, baking smart,
and investing wisely to deliver earnings growth for our
shareholders over the long term.
We are working to drive growth that enhances value
for you, our shareholders, as well as for our associates,
distributors, customers, consumers, and communities. Thank
you for your investment in Flowers Foods and the confidence
your investment shows in our strategies and our team.
Best regards,
George E. Deese Allen L. Shiver
Chairman and Cheif Executive Officer
President