 dear fellow shareholders
    this past year has been quite a difficult one for the company in spite of our excellent performance in many areas. New records were set in safety and many projects were brought in under budget and ahead of schedule—hallmarks of Fluor Daniel. Project teams backed by a global office network were instrumental in assisting our clients achieve a competitive advantage, which is our underlying mission, through superior execution of their capital projects. Fluor Daniel’s Diversified Services units successfully continued to enhance their value and earnings growth potential through acquisitions and internal investment.
A.T. Massey, the company’s coal operation, again delivered superior results with its operating earnings advancing 15 percent in 1997 over the prior year to $155 million. Massey also enjoys a global reputation for outstanding operating performance, based on safety and productivity through a superior work force, focus on performance measurements and a well-defined investment program.
However, continued strong earnings growth from A.T. Massey Coal and the excellent performance of thousands of employees on hundreds of projects around the globe was not enough to offset Fluor Daniel’s disappointing level of earnings. For the first time in several years, operating earnings fell significantly below expectations and the prior year.
The reasons for this disappointing perfor- mance have been previously disclosed to you as related events unfolded, but the causes and the actions underway to improve our results are worth expanding on in this year-end report.
First, what caused our earnings shortfall? Three years ago we launched an ambitious expan- sion program within Fluor Daniel with the objective of accelerating our earnings growth rate and increasing returns on shareholders’ equity. This strategy entailed investing in and building costly internal business infrastructure in advance of the expected growth in new engineering and construc- tion (E&C) activity. Initial indications of the success of this strategy in 1995 and 1996 looked encourag- ing. The pace of new awards and backlog were rising, and we were gaining share in new industry sectors and geographical markets beyond our traditional leadership position in the global energy, chemical and mining arenas.
In retrospect, however, while the expected gains in the volume of new work were being achieved, the type and mix of the projects awarded, lower incentive fees earned on E&C contracts, more competitive pricing in our power, government and industrial groups, and slower earnings growth from Diversified Services units, coupled with the over- head cost of securing and supporting this new work, combined to erode overall profit margins. The largest single item was a significant cost overrun on an international, fixed-price power project. The combination of these factors caused Fluor Daniel’s operating profits for 1997 to drop to $122 million, 62 percent less than the prior year. As a consequence, the company’s consolidated net earnings declined to $146 million, or 45 percent below the prior year.
In March 1997, James C. Stein, a 30-year veteran of the company and the executive who had been leading our Diversified Services units, was named president and chief operating officer of Fluor Daniel’s global E&C activity. Jim and his team’s charge was to direct resources to higher margin prospects, implement actions by the end of fiscal 1997 which would reduce Fluor Daniel’s overhead cost by at least $100 million and refocus the E&C unit on operating excellence. Project loss reserves were established which, based on current estimates, put the problem project behind the company from an earnings impact standpoint. The team also established an immediate results goal to rebuild Fluor Daniel’s operating earnings to no less than $140 million for the second half of the fiscal
year. Both of these financial objectives, the cost-reduction actions and operating earnings targets, were achieved.
1

 office of the chairman
    2
pictured from left to right
james c. stein
president and chief operating officer fluor daniel
james o. rollans senior vice president and chief administrative officer
peter j. fluor non-executive chairman
don l. blankenship chairman, president and chief executive officer a.t. massey coal

 In December, Fluor’s chairman and chief executive officer, Les McCraw, was diagnosed with malignant bladder polyps, his third episode with cancer. Les immediately underwent surgery for this condition and currently is involved in an extensive after-care regimen. Given his need to focus on health matters and the time required to deal with the business challenges of the company, he requested and was granted early retirement by the Board effective January 1, 1998. He will not stand for reelection to the Board in March 1998. In accepting Les’s retirement request, the directors recognized his 22 years of outstanding service to the company. Under his leadership, Fluor Daniel was created and was ranked by Fortune magazine in 1997 as the most admired company in its industry, the first-ever list of global companies ranked by their peers. An important part of Les’s legacy is the company’s passion and commitment to the safety and protection of its workers. We wish Les all the best with his recovery. Following his antici- pated retirement from the Board in March, the Board will be comprised of three inside executive directors and nine outside directors.
The Board, with the assistance of an executive search firm, currently is engaged in the evaluation of both internal and external candidates for the chairman and chief executive officer position. During this process, Peter J. Fluor, a member of the Board since 1984 and president and chief executive officer of Texas Crude Energy, Inc., will serve as non-executive chairman. To manage the overall affairs of the company during the interim, the Board has created an “Office of the Chairman,” comprised of Peter Fluor; Don L. Blankenship, chairman, president and chief executive officer
of Massey Coal; James O. Rollans, senior vice president and chief administrative officer, and Jim Stein. This group will focus on evaluating and implementing appropriate strategic actions, capitalizing on current market opportunities, and utilizing the company’s competitive advantages and financial strength to enhance shareholder value.
To build shareholder value near-term, an analysis of strategic alternatives for Fluor Daniel’s equipment leasing subsidiary, American Equipment Company, is being conducted. Significant investment in this subsidiary during the past three years has generated significant value and earnings power. Even though American Equipment has been an excellent source of income and has an outstanding future, the company has concluded that ownership in the current form is not strategically essential. The company expects that it will conclude its analysis of value-creating options by mid-April. In the event of any sale or restructuring, the company intends to
apply the after-tax proceeds to the repurchase of its stock, if market conditions are appropriate. In addition to any share repurchases which may occur as a result of strategic actions, the company intends to continue its ongoing share repurchase program. To continue this program, the Board of Directors supplemented the company’s share repurchase authorization in December to a new unused total of 10 million shares. In addition to approximately 620,000 shares which were purchased in fiscal 1997, more than 630,000 shares have been repurchased to date in fiscal 1998.
Regarding the outlook for our E&C activi- ties, the competitive implications of the global marketplace continue to put cost pressures on our traditional clients which, in turn, are putting pressure on Fluor Daniel’s profit margins. Volatile business conditions in certain international markets, coupled with the global effect of the turmoil in the Asian financial markets, also may cause a number of clients to take a more conservative wait-and-see approach on new, large capital projects. As a consequence, new awards booked during 1998 will primarily affect earnings in 1999 and beyond. Nevertheless, operating profits in 1998 for Fluor Daniel are expected to show marked improvement over 1997’s results.
To improve the earnings contribution from Fluor Daniel over the longer term, our primary focus will be to improve margins through selectivity, project execution and cost management. A number of new initiatives already have been implemented to accomplish this, including the elimination of matrix decision-making, strengthening of the sales and marketing organization to enhance selectivity, and the consolidation of operating units into four global groups which now have line-of-sight responsibility for all project activities. This structure is designed to better serve our clients and permit us to be more responsive and flexible, and to further lower our costs.
A.T. Massey will continue to build on its present growth strategy through self-funded invest- ment in Central Appalachia coal properties, as well as pursue opportunities for broader utilization of its technical and operational expertise. The outlook for 1998 is for continued growth in sales volume and operating profits at Massey.
The company will maintain its strong bal- ance sheet and concentrate on generating posi- tive cash flow this coming year. Our capital budget for 1998 has been set at approximately $450 million which, based on current projections, can be funded from internally generated operating cash flow. This level compares with approximately $650 million in fiscal year 1997. During the past three years, the company has invested approximately $1.5 billion in the expansion of its Fluor Daniel and A.T. Massey
3

 units. The establishment of a base-load level for the 1998 capital budget is consistent with the company’s enhanced focus on selectivity and is considered to be sufficient to support future earnings growth.
The company’s financial condition remains strong. Cash and marketable securities balances at year-end 1997 were in excess of $300 million. At year-end, long-term debt was approximately $300 million, or less than 15 percent of total long- term capital. This financial strength gives the com- pany the flexibility to continue to make selected capital expenditures and acquisitions, while maintaining a strong credit rating.
Given the company’s financial strength and prospects for future growth, the Board raised the quarterly cash dividend in December to 20 cents per share, or an indicated rate of 80 cents per year.
On behalf of our employees and our Board, we thank our clients and customers for their trust and confidence in Fluor Daniel’s E&C services and A.T. Massey’s coal products and services. We also greatly appreciate the confidence and support of our shareholders who have stayed with us through this difficult period. We firmly believe that Fluor has the pride, the will, the talent and the direction to succeed.
board of directors changes
The makeup of the Board of Directors changed significantly during the past 12 months. Four directors retired from the Board, and five new directors were added. Hugh K. Coble, vice chairman, and a 31-year employee of the company elected to retire
in March 1997. William R. Grant, chairman of Galen & Associates; Robert V. Lindsay, former president of J.P. Morgan Bank; and Buck Mickel, former vice chairman of the Fluor Board, retired at end of calendar 1997 according to the company’s mandatory retirement age guidelines. These four directors served the shareholders with distinction for many years, and their wise counsel will be greatly missed.
Thomas L. Gossage, retired chairman, president and chief executive officer of Hercules Incorporated; Dean R. O’Hare, chairman and chief executive officer of The Chubb Corporation; and Robin Renwick, a member of the House of Lords and former British Ambassador to the U.S., were appointed new Board mem- bers during the course of fiscal 1997. James O. Rollans, senior vice president and chief adminis- trative officer of Fluor, and James C. Stein, president and chief operating officer of Fluor Daniel, also were elected directors in December 1997. These five new members of the Board will contribute significantly to our company’s future success.
A new Finance Committee of the Board was established with
Dr. Martha R. Seger serving as its first chairman. A description of the roles, responsibilities and membership of the five standing committees of the Board appears on page 46 in this report.
  Peter J. Fluor Non-Executive Chairman
James O. Rollans
Senior Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer
January 13, 1998
James C. Stein President and
Chief Operating Officer Fluor Daniel
Don L. Blankenship Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer A.T. Massey Coal
  4
