2

FLUOR CORPORATION

Dear Valued Shareholders
This year, as we commemorate our 100th anniversary, I would like to thank you for being a vital part of our company and our success. This is certainly an extraordinary accomplishment for any company, yet at Fluor we see this as just the first leg of what we know will be a long and fruitful journey. Our anniversary falls at a tumultuous time in history. We are continuing to experience the worst economic climate in decades. We have a debt crisis in Europe, political unrest in parts of the world, volatile commodity prices, and an uncertain domestic energy policy, all falling in what is sure to be a hotly contested election year in the United States. But in the face of these challenges, we have weathered the storm. Our strategy to diversify, both geographically and by end-market, began many years ago. Fluor's robust international business, representing nearly 80 percent of the backlog at the end of 2011, is a testament to our diversity. The insight of my predecessors has helped create a company that has not only survived, but thrived. I am pleased to report that Fluor has a growth story to tell ­ and a strong one at that. During the year, we booked new awards totaling $26.9 billion, and our backlog rose to a new year-end high of $39.5 billion. Fluor's revenue grew 12 percent to a record $23.4 billion, and earnings were strong at $594 million, or $3.40 per share. We have grown our business and have run it efficiently, as evidenced by our improving return on equity, which increased to 17 percent.
STABILITY THROUGH STRONG FUNDAMENTALS

I look back on my first year as CEO with the confidence that the transition from my predecessor, Alan Boeckmann, has been seamless. We have maintained our core management team, and the strategies that have made us successful are firmly in place. We have held our course, and I'm confident we will continue to succeed because of the depth and experience of our team. Our balance sheet is strong, with $2.8 billion in cash and marketable securities at year-end, and we will continue to use it intelligently and strategically. This past year, we took advantage of our superior credit rating and record low interest rates to issue $500 million in long-term debt. This allowed us to bolster our cash position in the United States at a time when our businesses expanded internationally. We also accelerated our stock buyback program in 2011, using strong cash flows from operations to repurchase $640 million worth of Fluor shares. We expect to continue to return cash to shareholders through share buybacks, on an opportunistic basis, based on our future cash flow generation. We paid dividends of $88 million, and at our most recent meeting, the Board of Directors authorized a 28 percent increase in the quarterly payout to $0.16 per share.
BUILDING WORLDWIDE

Fluor has been built with the flexibility and adaptability required for global competition. Our strategically positioned global resource base has given us the ability to grow our portfolio despite continuing economic and political uncertainty in the United States and Europe. Due to our decadeslong presence in key markets around the globe, we have the ability to quickly react to important trends. We are able to adapt and redeploy our people to serve our clients where they need us. We see significant growth in the capital spending trends of our major industrial customers, which will continue to fuel growth opportunities for our company.

2O1 1 A N N U A L R E P O R T

3

3 9. 5

3 . 75

2 6. 9

2 . 62 6

18 . 5

2 6. 8

09 1 0

11

09 10

11

09 10

1. 98

11

09 10

2 . 60 7

34.9

3 . 40

C O NS O L I D A TE D N E W A WA R D S
(Dollars i n Billions)

C O N S O L ID A TED BACKLOG
(Dolla rs i n B i l l i o ns )

EAR N I N GS PER SHAR E
( Do l l a rs )

CASH & MAR KETABL E S EC U RI T I ES
( Do l l a rs i n B i l l i o n s)

"Fluor stands on a platform of global diversification, which has allowed us to build our portfolio in the face of formidable economic challenges."

2 . 761 11

2 7. 4

4

F LU O R C O R P O R AT I O N

Our success in building our position in key markets was very evident this year. In our Industrial & Infrastructure group, mining and metals continued to be an area of substantial strength. We won a number of major new awards, including ongoing work for BHP Billiton in Australia and initial work on the Simandou iron ore project for Rio Tinto in Guinea, as well as a number of significant copper projects in Canada, Chile and Peru. Our Oil & Gas group was able to grow their backlog this year, with the award of a large petrochemical project for Sadara, a joint venture between Dow Chemical and Saudi Aramco, additional work for the oil sands industry in Canada, and new projects in Kazakhstan, Russia and Australia. The Power group also made solid progress in 2011. After completing several major projects over the past two years, this group replenished their backlog with the award of a new combined-cycle gas-fired plant in Texas, an environmental compliance program for Luminant and new solar work for clients in the United States. Our Government group is performing very well, with their long-term contracts adding considerable stability and predictability to our profit stream. We believe that our substantial LOGCAP work in Afghanistan will continue at current levels at least through 2013. Our Global Services group posted double-digit growth in 2011, and they are poised to respond to an improving economic picture which will undoubtedly have a positive effect on their markets.
LO O K I N G F O R WA R D

Fluor supports the vast energy and commodities markets that allow the world's populations to grow, advance and prosper, and we are confident that demand for our services will continue to expand. As projects get larger and more complex, our ability to execute, and the decades we have spent developing quality client relationships, will bolster our market position. Fluor will continue to think globally and focus on local execution. While much of our growth will continue to come through organic expansion, we are mindful to look for niche acquisitions that can improve shareholder value over the long term. Our future is bright, and we will continue to build our backlog, our financial strength and our talent base. Fluor builds projects, and our success is built on the strengths of our people. We will strive to be the benchmark of dependability, expertise and safety to our customers, to be an employer of choice, to have a positive and sustainable impact on the quality of life for our communities, and to consistently deliver superior earnings growth and return on capital to our shareholders. Our first 100 years was characterized by great leadership and great accomplishments. We have a responsibility to honor that heritage, and I can assure you that we have the same passion today as our predecessors. We have built a century of achievement upon a foundation of excellence. As expert builders, we know that a solid foundation is critical to support a future of continued growth and success.

DAVID T. S EATON

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Fluor Corporation March 9, 2012

