Shareholder Letter

To Our Shareholders: Our theme this year, A Heritage of Leadership, speaks to our history and of our future. While 2007 marked Flowserve's 10th year as a global leader in the engineering and manufacturing of pumps, valves and seals, our success is a tribute to a heritage of leadership that is nearly as old as the industry itself. For more than 200 years, the enduring brands that now thrive under the unified Flowserve banner have been a part of the industry standard for excellence around the world. This legacy of leadership drove our success in 2007 -- a year in which the company set new performance records across our key operating measurements including earnings per share, cash flow from operations, operating income, sales, bookings and backlog. These record results and returns for our shareholders are due to our employees around the globe who work diligently on a daily basis to execute our strategies and continue the leadership legacy that is core to our reputation and success as a leader in our industry. We have seen significant progress on organizational capability In addition to executing against our core strategies, we also created an identity statement for the company in 2007 -- a manifesto built on the strength of our heritage that defines the foundation for our core operating strategies in the future. It describes Flowserve as a multinational industrial products company, targeting major capital projects, focused on integrating our competencies on a global scale and leveraging our aftermarket services. Our core strength is providing comprehensive fluid motion and control products, services and solutions that make us highly valuable to the customers we serve in industries such as oil and gas, power, chemical and water resources. Critical to this customer value are our expanded aftermarket and LifeCycle Advantage services, which strengthen existing
TM

Internally, we developed new technology that leveraged our expertise across the pump, valve and seal divisions. But more than just creating technological innovations for individual products, we also expanded the way our products integrate with other equipment and systems, ultimately supporting the opportunities we have with existing customers and laying the groundwork for future new business. In 2007, we made remarkable progress in both process excellence and organizational capability -- another reflection of how our heritage is driving quality throughout the organization. On-time delivery rates were better than 90 percent in our major markets. Our continuous improvement process (CIP) initiatives resulted in additional reductions in product costs, cycle time and warranty costs, while our products continued to win awards for quality worldwide. Around the world, we are graduating more green and black belts in the continuous improvement process, ensuring that all facets of the company operate more safely and efficiently.

primarily due to the investments in developing our leadership talent bench. This focus continues to provide management strength within the organization to support future growth. While we are proud of what we accomplished in 2007, we continue to execute against our strategies that should allow us to capitalize on opportunities in critical growth markets and deepen our relationship with our customers. We will also continue to leverage the creativity, energy and dedication of our employees as we work together to add new chapters to Flowserve's heritage of leadership.

customer relationships as we deliver improved asset and energy management, plant process flow control and reduced total cost of equipment ownership. Our commitment to leadership and our customers also drove us in 2007 to expand our global footprint by opening major new facilities in India, China and the Middle East and several smaller operations in both emerging and mature markets. We now operate more than 150 Quick Response Centers (QRCs) across the globe to be positioned closer to our customers to better serve their needs. While at the same time, we optimized our portfolio, adding capacity where it aligned with our strategies and divesting non-core assets where practical. Going forward, we will continue to look for strategic acquisitions in order to strengthen our portfolio and advance the company's leadership position and shareholder value.
Le w is M . K Ling President and Chief Executive Officer K e v in E . Sh eeh a n Chairman of the Board

F lo w s e r v e

2007

l

1

