Mark A. Blinn
President and Chief Executive Officer

James O. Rollans
Non-Executive Chairman of the Board

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
We believe the theme of this annual report, Building Momentum, accurately reflects the status of the continuing strategic evolution of our business. It celebrates the achievements we have made thus far, while also recognizing that opportunities still remain. To better understand the meaning, and appreciate our genuine excitement about the future, it helps to look back a couple of years. Beginning in 2010, we focused on the front end of our business ­ repositioning how we go to market and targeting long-term opportunities in emerging regions. While navigating through challenging markets, we shifted to an internal focus in 2012. This was done primarily through our One Flowserve initiative, emphasizing operational efficiency to drive earnings, control costs and position the business to best capture expected improvements in our end markets. We believe the momentum we have established through these actions ­ and demonstrated through our performance in 2012 ­ will help us continue to drive long-term success and create outstanding shareholder value. Our internal focus also included the development of an enhanced order execution process, with increased discipline and project selectivity. Not only did bookings grow, but we also believe we now have a higher quality of projects in backlog. In addition, our aftermarket strategy produced solid results with record bookings of $1.9 billion. An excellent example of this aftermarket strategy at work is the five-year service agreement we signed in 2012 with Dow Benelux to perform maintenance on their rotating equipment and general machining. We will continue targeting these kinds of arrangements with our customers, more and more of whom are looking for better alternatives in maintaining and optimizing their equipment. We are also pleased with the momentum gained with internal training and communication initiatives which focus on customer service and fully leveraging a diverse and inclusive global workforce. We are striving to engrain these ideals into our corporate culture just as we have with our successful emphasis over the years on workplace safety and ethical business practices. Embracing all of these important concepts simply makes good business sense. Without question, the key to our success in 2012 was our most valuable asset: Flowserve's people. Our continued leadership position as a provider of comprehensive flow control products, systems and solutions is maintained thanks to the dedicated, focused efforts of our more than 17,000 employees in over 50 countries around the world. The financial result of our momentum building was solid performance in 2012, despite volatile currency headwinds and challenges posed by geopolitical uncertainties. Full-year diluted EPS was $8.51, up over 11% compared to the prior year, while sales increased 5.3% to $4.75 billion. In addition, $846 million was returned in 2012 to our shareholders through share buybacks and dividends. We will continue to efficiently deploy capital, including the execution of our newly replenished, authorized share repurchase plan of $750 million. While our focus was internal, our financial achievements did not go unnoticed. During 2012, all major rating agencies recognized Flowserve as an "investment grade" company. Additionally, in the one metric that shareholders might follow most closely, Flowserve shares appreciated over 47% during 2012, further validating our strategy and approach. As we look ahead, our business projections ­ including plans for double-digit EPS growth in 2013 ­ further support our excitement about the future as we continue Building Momentum. This optimism, above all else, is founded on our unwavering confidence in the expertise and dedication of Flowserve employees around the world. Finally, we appreciate you, Flowserve shareholders, for your ongoing trust and support. It is certainly an honor to serve.

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

616
09 10 11 12

4365

09 10

7.59

09 10 11 12

1548

09 10 11 12

09

630 581 619 676 -1.4%

09 10 11 12

4032 4510 4751

6.88 7.64 8.51

1410 1514 1581

4229 4662 4714

10 11 12

11 12

6.9% 24.8%

* Diluted

ONE FLOWSERVE
The "One Flowserve" concept is about a spirit of collaboration. It's an The Flowserve legacy dates back more than 200 years and has been built through an unmatched portfolio of industry-leading brand names known worldwide. ongoing commitment to removing organizational silos, barriers, and inefficiencies, and making the most of a diverse, inclusive, and ethical work environment worldwide. It means moving in unison toward the common goal of meeting the needs and exceeding the expectations of our customers to drive the growth of our business.

2012 Bookings by Industry
GENERAL INDUSTRIES 22% WATER 4% OIL & GAS 41%

Valves
Accord · Anchor/Darling · Argus · Atomac · Automax · Durco · Edward · Gestra · Kämmer · Limitorque · Logix · McCANNA/MARPAC · NAF · NAVAL · Noble Alloy · Norbro · Nordstrom · PMV · Serck Audco · Valbart · Valtek · Vogt · Worcester Controls

2012 Sales by Region
LATIN AMERICA 10% ASIA PACIFIC 20% NORTH AMERICA 33%

CHEMICAL 19%

POWER 14%

MIDDLE EAST AND AFRICA 16% EUROPE 21%

Pumps
Aldrich · Byron Jackson · Calder · Durco · IDP · Lawrence · Pacific · Pleuger · Niigata Worthington · Scienco · Sier-Bath · TKL · United Centrifugal · Wilson-Snyder · Worthington

Seals
BW Seals · Durametallic · GASPAC · Interseal · Pac-Seal · Pacific Wietz " Our industry leadership position and business growth objectives are supported by our ability to serve our customers and deliver value to our shareholders while successfully mitigating risk through ethical, transparent business practices."
Carey A. O'Connor Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary

" We continue to maintain a disciplined approach to capital deployment and investing in order to optimize our operational platform and drive growth ­ all while executing strategies designed to increase the efficiency and strength of our balance sheet."
Michael S. Taff Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Building Momentum
We remain focused on key drivers of disciplined, profitable growth, including: Employee & Customer Focus
We strive to create a rewarding and engaging work environment which attracts and retains the highest caliber professionals in our industry. Our leadership and development programs provide our employees with the skills and competencies to deliver world-class customer service that emphasizes being responsive, delivering a quality product or service on time, and promoting personal ownership and responsibility.

Operational Excellence
We remain committed to continuous improvement processes that drive operational excellence and cost management throughout the company. This includes leveraging best practices across our platforms and improving functional performance in critical areas such as order and sales execution, on-time delivery, product quality, and low-cost sourcing. In the end, we aim to build a customer-focused culture in all aspects of our business.

Strategic Localization
Being close to our customers is key to supporting their needs proactively, quickly and efficiently. We continue to invest in our global network of more than 170 Quick Response Centers (QRCs) around the world. Increasing our presence in emerging markets is also a priority, demonstrated in 2012 by the inauguration of a valve manufacturing center in Saudi Arabia, a pump plant in Brazil and an upgraded facility for mechanical seal engineering in India.

Portfolio Management
We will continue to execute our strategy of selecting "bolt-on" acquisition prospects in technologies and markets that complement our expanding portfolio and geographic reach. As we evaluate prospects, we will focus on opportunities to leverage our global sales force and aftermarket platform, and enable pull-through of additional products and services.

" Thanks to the dedication and performance of our employees around the world, we continue to generate outstanding shareholder value through a disciplined approach to growing our business and positioning the company to capture future global opportunities."
Mark A. Blinn President and Chief Executive Officer

" Our unified operating structure is designed to meet our customer commitments and deliver world-class service by having clear roles and responsibilities in a performance-based culture, and continuous improvement to drive operational excellence."
Thomas L. Pajonas Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer

" By focusing on the development of our people, integrated functional processes, and effective utilization of technology, we are able to fully leverage the expertise and natural diversity of our engaged workforce and create a truly customer-focused culture."
Mark D. Dailey Senior Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer

