Mark A. Blinn
President and Chief Executive Officer

William C. Rusnack
Non-Executive Chairman of the Board

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS: The theme of our 2014 Annual Report, Focused Approach to Growth, summarizes for our shareholders how we continue to build a resilient, growing business, through Flowserve's competitive advantages which are difficult to duplicate in our industry. Even with the recent market and currency headwinds, our nimble operating platform provides opportunities to support our growth strategies. Highlighting the stability and resiliency of the business, 2014 was Flowserve's fifth consecutive year of earnings growth. As you will see from our financials, earnings per share growth for the full year 2014 exceeded 10 percent, to $3.76. Bookings grew 5.7 percent in 2014, or approximately 8 percent on a constant currency basis, with particularly strong orders late in the year, and backlog increased almost $150 million. Additionally, our focus on operating platform discipline and flexibility drove meaningful gross margin expansion. The foundation of Flowserve's durable earnings growth is the company's geographic, product and market diversification, and aftermarket service capabilities which are a unique strength in the flow control industry. Through diverse end-markets, we serve different types of customers in a multitude of industries, and we are not overly dependent on any one industry to drive our success. Our geographic diversity is split between the business we conduct in established, developed areas like the United States and Europe, and emerging markets that offer growth and further development. Flowserve offers one of the most diverse product portfolios in the flow control industry, which we continue to enhance through acquisitions and product development. And finally, we have a diverse sales mix, with 58 percent of our 2014 revenue generated from original equipment sales and 42 percent from aftermarket sales. As we have long stated, our original equipment sales provide opportunities to drive our highly profitable aftermarket business. Both pieces are important to our overall strategy and work together to achieve long-term growth. Flowserve has an extensive and far-reaching installed base around the world that was built through decades of original equipment sales and centuries of heritage product knowledge. Customers value that history and knowledge, along with Flowserve's network of 171 Quick Response Centers, when deciding how to service or replace their flow control products. Last year, we built and refined our diverse product portfolio by both investing and divesting businesses, in alignment with our portfolio management strategy we have discussed for many years. Announced in 2014, we completed the acquisition of SIHI Group in January 2015. SIHI is a complementary vacuum and fluid pumps supplier with a strong fit with our Industrial Product Division and chemical industry growth focus. In the first quarter of 2014, we divested Naval OY, due to its niche market focus and lack of leverage with our other product lines. We also continued our efforts in 2014 to drive internal efficiencies and synergies through discipline and flexibility in our operating platforms. Operational excellence initiatives focused on project management, customer service, research and development, and employee performance supported the company's steady earnings growth over the last five years and provide us confidence that we are taking the right actions with Flowserve's operating platform to leverage it for long-term growth. Looking forward, we believe our actions in 2014 better position the company for 2015 and beyond. We are excited about Flowserve's long-term growth potential and strategic opportunities. It is a privilege to serve our shareholders, and we are committed to leveraging our focused approach to growth in order to deliver long-term value to our shareholders. Thank you for your continued support of Flowserve.

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

SALES in Millions 4510 4032 4751 4955 4878

EARNINGS PER SHARE(a, b) in US Dollars 3.76 3.41 2.84 2.55 2.29 10 11 12 13 14

GROSS PROFIT in Millions 1514 1581 1688 1715

BOOKINGS in Millions 4662 4714 4229 4881 5161

1410

10

11

12

13

14

10

11

12

13

14

10

11

12

13

14

OPERATING INCOME in Millions 760 790 581 619 676

NET DEBT TO NET CAPITAL RATIO Percentage 30.8 24.8 6.9 11 12 13 14 26.6
a) Diluted b) Retrospectively adjusted for a three-for-one stock split discussed in Note 15 to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report.

-1.4 10 11 12 13 14 10

Focused Approach to Growth
Flowserve's focused approach to growth leverages our unique competitive advantages, including our One Flowserve synergistic approach across pumps, valves and seals. In addition to One Flowserve, other key elements that play a role in our success include broad geographic assets that utilize our 171 Quick Response Centers to serve our customers, a diversified product portfolio that we continue to enhance through acquisitions and new product development, an installed base built over many decades of customer shipments, and a global sales channel that pairs a customer-driven approach with project management discipline.

Dave M. Stephens Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer

Carey A. O'Connor Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary

Mark D. Dailey Senior Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer

Mark A. Blinn President and Chief Executive Officer

Thomas L. Pajonas Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer

Geographic Presence
A continued focus on customers provides enhanced opportunities across our platform. Our global network of 171 Quick Response Centers and a global manufacturing footprint allows us to offer our products and services to customers near their facilities, which helps us support our existing relationships, while building new ones in growth areas.

An Unmatched Installed Base
For more than 200 years, Flowserve and its legacy companies have been providing products to thousands of customers around the world. This installed base serves as one of the primary elements for our aftermarket business and its success. With customers requiring quick response times and local service and repair options, our Quick Response Centers and aftermarket capabilities serve our customers with unrivaled options.

The Power of our Portfolio
The exclusive focus and expertise in the flow control industry and our extensive product portfolio provides a competitive advantage as we leverage our pump, valve and seal operating platform, products and services across our global footprint. In addition to the broad range of offerings, we also continue to enhance our product portfolio through strategic acquisitions, as well as a robust Research & Development effort supporting new product development teams across the business.

Customer-Driven Approach
As a trusted partner in the industry, our global sales organization places the needs of the customer first. This customer-centric approach, coupled with an enhanced project management discipline, allows us to meet our customer goals of on-time delivery, quality, responsiveness and ownership.

The Flowserve legacy dates back more than 200 years and has been built through an unmatched portfolio of industry-leading brand names known worldwide. Accord · Anchor/Darling · Argus · Atomac · Automax · Durco · Edward · Gestra · Kämmer · Limitorque · Logix · McCANNA/MARPAC · NAF · Noble Alloy · Norbro · Nordstrom · PMV · Serck Audco · Valbart · Valtek · Vogt · Worcester Controls Aldrich · Byron Jackson · Calder · Durco · IDP · INNOMAG · Lawrence · Pacific · Pleuger · Niigata Worthington · Scienco · Sier-Bath · TKL · United Centrifugal · Wilson-Snyder · Worthington BW Seals · Durametallic · GASPAC · Interseal · Pac-Seal · Pacific Wietz

2014 Bookings by Industry

Valves

OIL & GAS 43% GENERAL INDUSTRIES 22% CHEMICAL 20% POWER 12% WATER 3%

Pumps

2014 Sales by Region

NORTH AMERICA 36% EUROPE 19% ASIA PACIFIC 21% MIDDLE EAST AND AFRICA 13% LATIN AMERICA 11%

Seals

