To Our Shareholders:
Focused forward. We chose these two simple words as the theme of our 2006 annual report because they perfectly sum up the perspective and direction of Flowserve. Our focused-forward philosophy represents a deep commitment to building on our established position in strong markets, anticipating changing market conditions and serving our customers as a trusted partner. Our mission is to move, control and protect the flow of materials in some of the world's most critical industries. Our leadership, knowledge and experience continue to be recognized within the industry, and our focus is set on putting that experience in motion, moving the company forward and building on the successes of 2006.

L EWIS M. KL ING President and Chief Executive Officer

K EV IN E. SH EE HAN Chairman of the Board

The final objective was focused on growing our business organically, taking advantage of the strong market conditions. Increased investment by major process customers combined with our long-time relationships led to a great year for us in this area. In addition to growing our business with existing customers, we also experienced large orders from new customers across the world. This extension of our installed base will serve as a future annuity stream for capture of higher margin aftermarket business.

Strengthening the Business
During 2006 we focused on three main objectives. Our first was to establish a new baseline for the business. This included successfully emerging from our restatement work, bringing our filings up-to-date with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and fortifying our internal processes, training and procedures required to strengthen the business foundation to support our growth.

Moving the Company Forward with Our Core Strategies
Our strategies have served us well as the actionable vision behind our efforts to grow our position as a product and integrated solutions provider in the flow management industry. In 2006, we continued to focus on our six key strategies of organic growth, portfolio management, technology and innovation, globalization, process excellence and organizational capability. We have been pleased to see consistent, measurable results from our efforts and believe

Our second objective was to continue to focus on business fundamentals. We achieved a significant amount of progress in this area, including driving operational excellence throughout our facilities, strengthening metrics for on-time delivery, quality and cost reduction, and accelerating the alignment of our information systems. These ongoing efforts continued to strengthen our ability to meet our customer commitments and expectations. In addition, we focused on employees, including training, communications, goal deployment, incentives and promising career paths, which have also become a fundamental part of our current and future business success.

this is, in part due to the fact that employees know and embrace the strategies and are aligned to support them through annual performance goals and objectives.

Organic growth continued to be a major focus during the year. Increased investment by major process customers, especially those in oil and gas markets as well as emerging markets, combined with our long-time customer relationships led to our record sales and bookings growth in 2006. Our alliance program, LifeCycle Advantage, enabled us to
TM

achieve significant organic growth by deepening long-term professional relationships with customers and introducing new products and services that helped customers drive measurable cost reductions. We also expanded our aftermarket services business by leveraging Flowserve's extensive installed base of pumps, valves and seals.

FLOW SERVE

l

2 0 0 6

l

1

S HA REHOLDER

M ES S A G E

We gained new ground on globalization by expanding Flowserve's presence to capture the growing business in emerging regions to support our global and local customers. We also made progress utilizing low-cost sourcing opportunities to remain competitive in the global economy. In 2006, we dedicated a new facility in Suzhou, China that will serve as an operations center for pumps, valves and seals in the Chinese market. We have initiated construction on a new pump plant in Coimbatore, India and are doubling the size of our valve facility in Bangalore. A new training facility was opened in Essen, Germany and a joint venture agreement was signed to establish a Middle East service, repair and training facility in Saudi Arabia. Our commitment and ability to invest in a local presence wherever our customers operate and require our products and services is a powerful competitive advantage for Flowserve. In the area of process excellence, we drove improved customer fulfillment across the company in terms of on-time delivery, cost reduction, quality, cycle time reduction and warranty cost reduction. We also implemented stronger, more consistent processes across Flowserve to help ensure our future success as an integrated company. We set new records with our safety program and were recognized with a number of safety awards for our commitment and performance. In addition, we continued to simplify our enterprise resource planning tools, as well as increase the number of employees who received certification through our continuous improvement program.
Flowserve's expanded capabilities in China include a new manufacturing facility in Suzhou that will produce pumps, valves and seals. This positions the company to capture growing business in chemical, oil and gas, power and other markets.

Portfolio management of our extensive offering of products and services continued to be critical to our success in 2006.
On the island of Melkoya, off the coast of Norway, Flowserve provides products and services for a high-profile liquefied natural gas project for one of Norway's top oil companies.

While we will continue to pursue selective acquisitions, Flowserve has been focused on smaller niche additions to the portfolio and rationalizing the current set of products and

Mark A. Blinn Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Finance Transformation "Building a strong talent bench and enhancing our global processes is positioning Flowserve for the future with a global finance capability that can exceed the demands of our internal and external customers."

Linda P. Jojo Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer Constructing an Integrated Platform "Further alignment of our internal processes and systems will enhance all aspects of our business -- from finance to operations, and how we sell and support our valuable customers."

2

l

FLO WSER VE

l

2 0 0 6

S HA REHOLDER

M ES S A G E

services to ensure alignment with current and future customer needs. In 2006, acquisitions such as HTO in the Czech Republic provided us with low-cost sourcing opportunities in Eastern Europe and other low-cost regions. In North America, we expanded both our presence and our capacity for providing seal support systems with some smaller portfolio additions. We also worked to streamline those product lines that have not reached acceptable internal rates of return and saw new products and services well received by customers.

core training programs were the first of many new programs initiated in 2006. Our leadership is dedicated to ensuring that we continue to employ the most knowledgeable and committed people in the industry. We recognize that our people and the expertise they provide is at the heart of the customer feedback data ranking us strongly as a trusted partner.

Leveraging the Long-Term Growth of Our Core Industries
Our markets continued to expand in 2006. High petroleum prices during the past year led to significant investment in exploration and production petroleum projects, and significantly contributed to an increase in our bookings. Many of these projects were in Asia, Africa, the Middle East and South America where Flowserve has an established presence. The output of the chemical market during 2006 also expanded slightly, with increased activity in key chemical producing countries such as the U.S. and Germany,

Flowserve also significantly increased its investment and
Flowserve provides consulting and new technologies for large oil customers that accommodate the high pressures, rapid changes in viscosity, gas-to-liquid ratios and other demanding conditions associated with ocean floor oil production.

focus on technology and innovation. We pursued research and development in smart equipment, energy efficiency of products, use of radio frequency identification (RFID), advanced technology for monitoring wear, and partnerships in sub-sea and geothermal technologies, as well as new product development in order to meet the demands of customers. We also launched an internal idea-generation campaign called "Ideation" which is designed to perpetuate Flowserve's long history of creativity and bring the best employee ideas forward from across the company.

The sixth strategy, and the one that is at the heart of the company, is organizational capability, which is our focus on our employees. Our values, ethics and other elements that make up the culture of Flowserve demonstrate that we are committed to ensuring that we are an employer of choice and a place where our talented people can cultivate long, successful careers. Proactive programs in the recruitment of engineering talent, improved succession planning and
The build-out of Flowserve's engineering capability and manufacturing footprint in India supports the growing customer needs and leverages low-cost sourcing opportunities.

Mark D. Dailey Senior Vice President of Human Resources and Chief Compliance Officer Training and Compliance "Using technology to deliver training programs to our diverse employee base is reemphasizing the culture of ethics compliance and building a talent bench for the future."

Ronald F. Shuff Senior Vice President; Secretary and General Counsel Managing Risk "The ability to respond quickly and remain competitive is successfully enhanced with a strong back office to effectively and consistently assess and manage risk and reward."
FLOW SERVE l 2 0 0 6 l 3

S HA REHOLDER

M ES S A G E

which are mature markets for Flowserve. And, while growth in the U.S. chemical industry was slower than in 2005, Asia-Pacific (particularly China) continues to be a major focus of investment for the chemical industry. We are also seeing increased opportunities with alternative energy sources such as ethanol and other biofuels.

This has been a positive contributor to 2006 orders, sales and earnings for Flowserve, as well as for future opportunities.

Worldwide demand for fresh water and water treatment continues to create demand for new facilities or for upgrades of existing systems, many of which require Flowserve

The power market has seen an increased focus on coal and nuclear generation plants, with a number of power generators planning significant maintenance activities.

products. Flowserve is a global leader in the desalination market, which is an essential source of fresh water in the Mediterranean area and the Middle East. This trend in desalination is expected to grow from the traditional areas noted to other coastal areas around the globe.

Flowserve also experienced growth in the general industries, including mining and ore processing, pulp and paper,
The Flowserve tagline, Experience in Motion, is used as a prominent vehicle for reinforcing our strengths and our business. It serves as a platform to communicate the level of talent, technical knowledge and field experience Flowserve provides.

food and beverage, and other smaller applications.

Strengthening Our Financial Performance

Flowserve

The following are some key financial highlights of 2006:
·

Booked record orders of $3.6 billion representing 23.4% growth, excluding discontinued operations,

Experience
Flowserve employees are recognized as some of the most experienced people in our industry and are viewed as trusted partners by Flowserve customers.

In Motion
These words represent our business in fluid motion and control as well as Flowserve's progress and momentum as an organization.
· ·

compared with 2005 Improved consolidated gross margin percentage to 32.9% in 2006 from 32.3% in 2005, reflecting successful operational excellence initiatives Increased earnings from continuing operations to $2.00 per diluted share from $0.91 in 2005
·

Generated stronger operating cash flow than in 2005, which was used to repay $101 million of debt and other financing obligations, repurchase of 1.3 million shares of common stock and for other strategic purposes

Deborah K. Bethune Vice President of Tax Protecting Shareholder Value "Leading a tax environment that meets our commitments, manages the complexities and mitigates risk ultimately contributes towards delivering shareholder value."

Jerry L. Rockstroh Senior Vice President of Supply Chain and Continuous Improvement Reducing Cost and Driving Productivity "Low cost sourcing, joint procurement strategies and the application of our Continuous Improvement Process (CIP) fundamentals has the ability to reduce costs and improve productivity throughout the company."
4 l FLO WSER VE l 2 0 0 6

S HA REHOLDER

M ES S A G E

We are very pleased to report that full year 2006 bookings from continuing operations increased 23.4%, to a record $3.6 billion compared with $2.9 billion in the prior year. Year-end 2006 backlog stood at a record $1.6 billion compared with $994.1 million at the end of the prior year reflecting, in part, the strength of customer investments being made in the oil and gas markets and recovery of major valve markets. Sales increased 13.6% to $3.1 billion in 2006 compared with $2.7 billion in 2005.
Ethanol, a derivative of corn and other crops, has emerged as a global phenomenon for bio fuel. Flowserve is experiencing a growing demand for equipment to support biotechnology customers in

In association with the strong bookings and sales growth, Flowserve has also experienced margin expansion in all segments. Gross profit from continuing operations in 2006 increased 15.7% to $1.0 billion, compared with $870.6 million in 2005. These increases primarily reflect cost savings resulting from the company's ongoing continuous improvement initiatives, strategic sourcing initiatives and improved pricing discipline and increased sales,
The growth in business in the Middle East will be supported by a new, full service Quick Response Center, located in Saudi Arabia, that will offer support, testing and learning for oil and gas as well as water desalination and infrastructure.

processing and production.

Looking Ahead
2006 was a challenging and successful year for us, and, while we took time to celebrate our successes, our leadership team continues to be focused forward.

We will celebrate the tenth anniversary of Flowserve Corporation in 2007. During the last 10 years we have built a leading global brand and expanded our customer base.

which favorably impacted the absorption of fixed costs.

Operating income increased to $239.6 million in 2006 from $198.8 million in 2005 driven by gross profit contribution and fixed cost leverage, which was partially offset by higher SG&A expenses. These expenses resulted from an increase in organizational capabilities, compliance and system infrastructure improvements, equity retention programs, organizational and facility realignment programs, as well as increased selling and engineering headcount to support capacity expansion. This higher level of expenses has offset some of the efficiency improvements and productivity gains we have been making in our operations, however we have strengthened the global organization with people, systems and training to support our growth.

These recent accomplishments, coupled with product brands dating back over 200 years, provide a strong foundation to help support our future growth.

We believe our markets, our strategies and our people are primed and ready for our future success. We are focused forward and prepared to make the most of the opportunity before us.

L EWIS M. KL ING President and Chief Executive Officer

K EV IN E. SH EE HAN Chairman of the Board

Richard J. Guiltinan Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer Commitment to Strengthening Financial Controls "Strengthening our global financial controls and processes inherently creates a foundation that supports the company's growth."

Paul W. Fehlman Vice President and Treasurer Managing an Optimal Balance Sheet "Continuing the focus on cash flow management and debt optimization drives a strong balance sheet, shareholder value and investment back into the company and our people."
FLOW SERVE l 2 0 0 6 l 5

