FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
4510 4032 4751 4955
Mark A. Blinn
President and Chief Executive Officer

4365

James J Jam es O. Rollans
Non-Executive Chairman of the Board

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
09 10 11 SALES in Millions 12 13 3.41 2.53 2.55 2.29 2.84

In 2013, we continued our efforts to grow and evolve Flowserve through improved operational alignment, increased discipline in project selection and execution and a reinvigorated focus on our customers. The theme of our annual report ­ Customer Focused: Operationally Driven ­ reflects that commitment. Emphasizing the importance of customer service was a key theme for us in 2013. For more than 200 years, our products have been used in hundreds of thousands of customer applications across the world. While providing exceptional customer service and support has always been a priority, we drove specific actions last year to further improve our performance. Early in the year we launched an internal initiative called Customer Focus. The elements of the program centered around four key areas: responsiveness, quality, on-time delivery and ownership. It has served as a beacon for our employees to rally around as we strive to serve our customers every day with a relentless passion for excellence. We also enhanced our operational performance in 2013 through the continued expansion of our `One Flowserve' strategy. We restructured our global sales organization to better leverage our diverse flow control platform and strong customer relationships. Additionally, we continued to expand our service capabilities through our global network of 175 Quick Response Centers strategically located near customers around the globe. Locating near our customers and doing business with them in their local language and customs allows Flowserve to serve our customers like no other company in our industry. We were also pleased to announce the addition of Leif Darner to our board of directors, as he brings a wealth of experience and knowledge in the international chemical industry, one of our core markets. During the year we continued to evolve our product portfolio and global footprint. In March, we strengthened our position in India by obtaining full ownership of the Maraimalai Nagar manufacturing facility that was previously part of a joint venture. In line with our overall portfolio management strategy, this acquisition gives Flowserve the opportunity to grow our business in the region by expanding our reach into markets and applications not previously targeted. We also acted on our "bolt-on" acquisition strategy with the purchase of Innovative Mag-Drive, LLC, or Innomag, a privately owned American manufacturer of advanced sealless magnetic drive centrifugal pumps. Used primarily in the chemical and general industries, Innomag's products and intellectual property will provide us with additional sealless, zero-emission pump technology that is increasingly utilized in the global petrochemical, organic chemical and pharmaceutical industries, which continue to be core markets for us. These acquisitions reflect our disciplined, strategic approach to inorganic growth and our continued management focus on shareholders and increasing long-term shareholder value. The financial results we delivered reflect the strategies we have implemented. Last year, Flowserve achieved the fourth consecutive year of double-digit EPS growth with fully diluted EPS of $3.41, an increase of 20.1 percent. Sales increased 4.3 percent, or 5.0 percent on a constant currency basis, to $4.95 billion. Additionally, the Company returned over $535 million of capital to our shareholders during the year, as we executed on our ongoing capital structure policies to increase the efficiency of our balance sheet. Investors recognized our progress, as Flowserve's share price increased 61 percent during the year. Flowserve could not have achieved these results without our greatest assets ­ our approximately 18,000 employees worldwide. Their expertise, coupled with our outstanding product heritage, once again made Flowserve a force to be reckoned with from an execution and industry leadership perspective. We are proud of our operational and financial results last year, but recognize further opportunity remains. We are excited about our future and look forward to the challenge. Finally, we appreciate you, our shareholders, for your ongoing trust and continued support. As always, it is an honor to serve.

09 10 11 12 13 EARNINGS PER SHARE(a, b) in US Dollars 1548 1410 1514 1581 1688

09 10 11 12 13 GROSS PROFIT in Millions 4662 4714 3885 4229 4881

09 10 11 12 BOOKINGS in Millions

13 760

630 581

676 619

09 10 11 12 13 OPERATING INCOME in Millions 24.8 30.8 -5.1 -1.4 6.9

09 10 11 12 13 NET DEBT TO NET CAPITAL RATIO Percentage
a) Diluted b) Retrospective adjustments were made to prior period information to conform to current period presentation. These retrospective adjustments resulted from our adoption of guidance related to the two-class method of calculating earnings per share under ASC 260, "Earnings Per Share," which was effective January 1, 2009, and the three-for-one stock split discussed in Note 15 to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report.

2013 Bookings by Industry

Customer Focused: Operationally Driven
A platform of core companywide focus areas helps us serve our customers better than ever before. The desire to provide best-in-industry products and services, coupled with our `One Flowserve' initiative is helping us recognize synergies that produce operational efficiency and drive growth across the organization. By creating an environment where the components of our Customer Focus initiative are core elements of how we do business, we can serve our customers in a more
NORTH AMERICA 34%

OIL & GAS 41% GENERAL INDUSTRIES 22% CHEMICAL 20% POWER 13% WATER 4%

2013 Sales by Region

efficient manner. Our fundamental belief in promoting a safe, ethical and diverse workforce shapes our ability to take advantage of global opportunities each and every day, while at the same time building the foundation for our ongoing growth efforts.

EUROPE 21% ASIA PACIFIC 20% MIDDLE EAST AND AFRICA 14% LATIN AMERICA 11%

The Flowserve legacy dates back more than 200 years and has been built through an unmatched portfolio of industry-leading brand names known worldwide. Accord · Anchor/Darling · Argus · Atomac · Automax · Durco · Edward · Gestra · Kämmer · Limitorque · Logix · McCANNA/MARPAC · NAF · NAVAL · Noble Alloy · Norbro · Nordstrom · PMV · Serck Audco · Valbart · Valtek · Vogt · Worcester Controls

Valves

"With our reinvigorated focus on the
customer and our key initiatives and strategies supporting our drive for disciplined profitable growth, I'm confident we can continue to grow the Company and add additional shareholder value in 2014 and beyond." Mark A. Blinn President and Chief Executive Officer

Thomas L. Pajonas Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer

Pumps Aldrich · Byron Jackson · Calder · Durco · IDP · INNOMAG · Lawrence · Pacific · Pleuger · Niigata Worthington · Scienco · Sier-Bath · TKL · United Centrifugal · Wilson-Snyder · Worthington Seals
BW Seals · Durametallic · GASPAC · Interseal · Pac-Seal · Pacific Wietz

Enhancing Our Leadership Position
Our global growth strategy allows us to expand our presence in attractive international markets, while attracting and retaining the right people and intellectual capital to increase our position as an industry leader. Serving more than 10,000 customers, our reputation is a critical piece of the puzzle. Our products and industry expertise are designed to keep critical processes working, and we are proud that ethical, safe and sustainable principles are at the heart of what we do every day at Flowserve.

Leveraging the Power of Our Portfolio
Because of our exclusive focus on the flow control industry, we increasingly recognize synergies between our segments and product offerings. We are poised and ready to fully utilize our global network of Quick Response Centers, offering our full portfolio to key common customers. Maximizing long-term value with our portfolio management, we are implementing best practices and operating with common processes, leveraging areas of excellence and innovation.

Serving Our Customers
Our organization is focused on constantly striving to meet the needs and exceed the expectations of our customers. We are promoting a culture that fosters a sense of personal ownership in meeting commitments. These foundations, coupled with our unique heritage of products and understanding of our customers' needs, position Flowserve as a trusted partner within the flow control industry.

Executing Operational Excellence
Our operational evolution over the last two years has been significant, translating into consistent business growth, improved operating platforms and an ongoing commitment to serving our customers. We are confident in our ability to generate long-term profitable growth and solid cash flows, which in turn create long-term value for you, our shareholders.

Michael S. Taff Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Mark D. Dailey Senior Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer

Carey A. O'Connor Senior Vice President General Counsel and Secretary

Dave M. Stephens Senior Vice President Chief Human Resources Officer

