 2000 Revenue and Profit by Segment
Revenue
Total 2000 Revenue $3.9B
Year 2000 was momentous for FMC. We recorded an all-time high for earnings from continuing opera- tions, and we increased our return on investment. Our stock price increased 25 percent—significantly outperforming market indices and our peer companies. We identified and are implementing
an approach to further increase shareholder value through a strategic restructuring that ultimately would split the corporation into two independent, publicly traded companies—a machinery business and a chemicals business.
In summary, year 2000 brought record earnings, superior shareholder value and a plan to further increase that value.
The year’s results reflect the hard work of all our employees, allowing us to take additional steps in the strategy we laid out three years ago. After-tax income per share from continuing operations, excluding one-time items, was $6.72—an increase of
11 percent from $6.03 in 1999—despite higher energy costs and foreign exchange losses. Sales for the full year were $3.9 billion compared with $4.3 billion in 1999. FMC’s return on investment increased to 14.1 percent from 12.5 percent in 1999.
We positioned our businesses and our shareholders for further value creation by implementing a plan that will split FMC into a chemical company and a machinery company. Our businesses will take a more focused approach to their individual markets, with better speed, customer orientation, innovation and, above all, growth. The restructuring will allow investors to put their funds into more clearly defined industry sectors.
 Energy Systems $1.03B
Food &Trans. Systems $839M
Operating Profit
Total 2000 Operating Profit $436M
Energy Systems $72M
Food &Trans. Systems $69M
Specialty Chem. $92M
Industrial Chem. $906M
Ag. Products $665M
Spec. Chem. $489M
 Industrial Chem. $115M
Ag. Products $88M
 2
 Message to Shareholders

We chose a two-step process. As the first step, we are planning an initial public offering of just under 20 percent of the machinery business by the second quarter of 2001. The new company will be named FMC Technologies, Inc. Subject to market conditions, final board approval and a favorable tax ruling, we intend to make a tax-free distribution of the remaining shares of FMC Technologies, completing the spin-off by the end of 2001. We continue to be on schedule. We filed our IPO registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 20.
Overall, our businesses performed well in 2000. Agricultural Products had a strong year based on better market conditions and lower costs following a sub-par 1999. Specialty Chemicals reported earnings growth based on synergies from the Pronova alginate acquisition, lower manufacturing costs and improved lithium profitability. Industrial Chemicals reported lower earnings, reflecting high energy costs and the translation impact of the weak euro.
Food and Transportation Systems reported stronger sales and earnings based on the Northfield acquisition and lower costs. A major accomplishment within this segment was winning the contract to build the Next Generation Small Loader for the U.S. Air Force.
We were disappointed that Energy Systems reported lower sales and earnings
due to continuing delays by the major oil companies in awarding subsea projects. However, we’re already seeing stepped-up activity in this area. Within the first two months of 2001, we were awarded two new contracts to provide subsea equipment and service. Our technology and existing relationships with major oil companies position us well to benefit over the next several years.
We continue to benefit from strong leadership, and we’re pleased that the skills and experience of our FMC management team will transfer into the two new companies. Bill Walter was promoted to executive vice president, with the chemical operations reporting to him, and was elected to the board of directors. These roles position him to be the chief executive officer of the chemicals company. During his more than 25-year career with FMC, Bill has shown strong leadership, gaining extensive inter- national experience, strong financial and commercial skills, and profit-and-loss responsibility in all three chemical groups.
We also welcomed Steve Gates as senior vice president, general counsel and secre- tary. Steve has become a valued adviser, bringing significant legal and operational experience to FMC from his previous positions as executive vice president and group chief of staff for BP Amoco, London, and more than 20 years with Amoco, most recently as vice president and general counsel.
Congratulations to Bill and Steve.
Congratulations also to Joe Netherland, who is the designated CEO of FMC Technologies. Joe will continue in his current role as FMC president until the reorgan- ization of the company is completed.
Two senior executives retired in year 2000. After almost 40 years with FMC—most recently as senior vice president, administration—William “Jay” Kirby retired in May 2000. Jay’s hard work, wise counsel and outstanding commitment to FMC has had a positive impact on the fortunes of our company and on the careers of thousands of FMC employees.
Alfredo Bernad has been head of FMC Foret since 1978, and an FMC vice president and president of FMC Europe since 1994. Alfredo is the model worldwide executive, possessing a keen understanding of economics, manufacturing expertise and cus- tomer relationships. His insights and know-how have helped build FMC Foret into a global powerhouse—and enhanced the reputation of FMC around the world.
Historical Earnings
Growth—
Continuing Operations
excludes special income and expense items
                                                                                   3

Historical Chart of ROI
excludes one-time gains and losses
Thank you, Jay and Alfredo, for continuing our tradition of excellence within FMC. We wish you many years of happiness and good fortune.
We expect another year of record earnings per share in 2001. However, we expect first quarter 2001 earnings to be down about 50 percent from first quarter 2000 results. We face a slowing economy and high energy costs—with unprecedented increases in electric power costs in the western United States, which is significantly increasing costs at our Astaris joint-venture phosphorus-producing plant in Pocatello, Idaho. As a result, Astaris has idled two of the operation’s four furnaces, which will result in sig- nificant negative volume variances at Pocatello, as well as higher costs for purchased phosphorus.
In addition to these phosphorus issues, difficult business conditions will keep our other chemical operations roughly even in first quarter 2001. During the quarter, we also expect lower results in machinery because orders have not yet been placed for energy equipment, and the economic situation is delaying capital expenditure orders in our other machinery businesses. We believe, however, that it’s a not a question of if—but when the major oil companies will develop offshore oil and gas fields and place increased orders for subsea equipment.
We expect to make up the first quarter 2001 decline in the next three quarters, aided by an improving economy and increased orders for energy equipment.
FMC is a company I’m proud to work for and proud to head. We’ve made significant contributions to the way people live—providing safe and more abundant food, enhancing the performance of pharmaceuticals, finding new energy sources, and improving operations and product performance for a wide range of businesses. And FMC is a company that, over the years, has been able to reinvent itself to meet the needs of our customers and to be competitive in the markets in which we operate. We concluded during year 2000 that it was time for a more radical reinvention— separation into two companies. This new approach will allow us to serve our customers better in a more competitive marketplace and provide more value for our shareholders while continuing to create opportunities for employees and being responsible citizens in our communities.
In 2001, we face another challenging and exciting year that will bring momentous change and new opportunities based on our strong market positions. I’m confident our employees are up to meeting these challenges.
Robert N. Burt
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer February 28, 2001
                                                                                                     4
