N E W S C O R P O R AT I O N A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 0 4

Chief Executive's Review
Fiscal 2004 was an outstanding year for News Corporation. Financially , strategically and operationally, the Company met ­ and in most cases exceeded ­ all of its key objectives for the year: record revenues and profits in US$ terms; record cash flow generation; double-digit profit gains at nearly all operating segments; the completion of the transformative DIRECTV deal; the swift development of SKY Italia; and, with the announcement of our intention to reincorporate the Company in the United States later this calendar year, the promise of a new and more prosperous era for News Corp. shareholders. Our success is due, in large measure, to the diligence, dedication and vision of the Company's management and employees. Above all else, each of us is guided by a desire to give our customers the two things they most demand from a media company: quality and choice. Whether in our films or TV shows, our newspapers or books, our magazines or payTV distribution platforms, what inspires us at News Corp. ­ this year as in every year ­ is a desire to give our readers and viewers higher quality options when it comes to the news, sports, and entertainment products they use. And if our financial results prove nothing else, it is that this year, as in previous years, we have delivered on that promise. decisive strategic steps that we believe position us for further growth in 2005 and beyond. Most importantly, this past April, we announced our intention to change our place of incorporation from Australia to the United States. We undertook this move for one reason: to create greater value for our shareholders. For more than 80 years, the Company has proudly called Australia its home. It is where the Company was founded, nurtured, and from where we get our entrepreneurial spirit. Australia is our spiritual home, and will always remain so. But over the past two decades, as more of the Company's revenues and profits have come from our US-based businesses, it has become increasingly clear to us that without a primary listing on the New York Stock Exchange and eligibility on US indices, our shareholders would never experience the full benefits of our achievements. Consequently, using a process that will allow us to move our domicile without financial cost to the Company or the overwhelming majority of its shareholders, we have put forth for your approval a plan that the News Corporation Board of Directors unanimously believes will make the Company a more attractive investment for current and future shareholders. The

Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Executive

Last year, I wrote of our intention to be as "integrated" as we were "international," and as focused on delivering short-term results as on building long-term value. Looking back on the achievements of the past 12 months, it's clear to me that our commitment to these principles is what drove our success. We've now set the standard for how a media company of the 21st century should look. Our assets are global, with operations across five continents. Our assets are diversified , encompassing businesses that create content and those that distribute that content. Our assets are balanced, between those whose revenues are dependent on advertising, and those that are not. And

our assets are of varying maturities, neatly divided between those generating significant profits today and those positioned to deliver growth tomorrow. This is why we were able to deliver such solid results this past year. Full year revenues rose 20 percent to US$21 billion and our operating income increased 21 percent to US$3.1 billion, both record numbers for the Company. Our Filmed Entertainment, Cable Network Programming, Television, Book Publishing and Newspapers segments posted record profits. At the same time, we significantly strengthened our balance sheet, continuing our program to pay down debt. And even as we enjoyed the success of this past year, we were also taking

Financial Highlights
(Australian dollars, in Millions except for Earnings Per Share)

Year ended June 30, Revenues Operating Income Associated entities, before Other items Income before Other items Other items, net Net Profit Earnings per share Income before Other items Net Profit Financial Position Assets Debt
4

2004 $ 29,428 $ 4,302 $ $ 367 (54) $ 2,366 $ 2,312 $ $ 0.42 0.41

2003 $ 29,913 $ 4,352 $ $ (159) (90) $ 1,898 $ 1,808 $ $ 0.36 0.34

2002 $ 29,014 $ $ $ 3,542 (314) 1,217

$ (13,179) $ (11,962) $ $ 0.23 (2.43)

$ 73,738 $ 12,470

$ 67,747 $ 12,429

$ 71,441 $ 15,441

N E W S C O R P O R AT I O N A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 0 4

move will have no discernible impact on our operations, in Australia or elsewhere. We will remain a proud and vital part of the Australian media landscape with a listing on the Australian Stock Exchange ­ now and for generations to come. What will be affected, however, is our financial flexibility. By becoming a US-domiciled company, we believe News Corporation would have improved access to a larger pool of investment capital ­ specifically, the US$12 trillion US capital market. In addition, the Company would become eligible for inclusion in US indices, including the S&P 500 index, which we believe would generate billions of dollars of increased demand from funds that previously have been precluded from owning our Company's shares. This in turn is expected to narrow the historic discount that has existed between News Corp's voting and non-voting shares, an anomaly that has bedeviled us for many years. There is, in short, a compelling logic to this proposal, and I urge you to give it the strongest possible consideration when you study the detailed proposal materials. Another transformative event occurred during the year with the completion of our acquisition of a 34 percent interest in Hughes Electronics, now re-named The DIRECTV Group. In

December 2003, after nearly four years of exhaustive, often arduous negotiations, we finally realized our dream of adding a US distribution system to our global satellite pay-TV platform. With our investment in DIRECTV and its 13 million subscribers now housed within the Fox Entertainment Group, News Corporation can boast nearly 30 million subscribers around the world, stretching from Rome (SKY Italia) to Rio (Sky Brasil), from Sydney (Foxtel) to Seattle (DIRECTV), from London (BSkyB) to Los Cabos (Sky Mexico). By combining our industryleading content businesses with the world's single largest and most global distribution platform, we have compiled what I believe is the industry's most formidable grouping of assets, and with it, the ability to better control our own destiny in an uncertain and increasingly consolidated global marketplace. The ability to create our own content and distribute it through our own and other platforms should ensure that we are beholden to no one but the discriminating consumer. When we create compelling content, it will be seen; when we distribute quality content, we can ensure fair compensation. And when we want to launch new channels or services, we know we have a national ­ indeed an international ­ footprint, to get us off the ground.

In more practical, everyday terms, it means sharing our most talented employees across platforms and exploiting the knowledge they have gained at one system for the benefit of others. And it means leveraging our scale and breadth to ensure that we are paying less ­ and getting more ­ for the products and services we are using. But we didn't just acquire our interest in DIRECTV for its strategic benefits. We also believe it will be a great business with even greater potential. Shortly after assuming operational control, we put to work many of the best practices we had learned from our other

When we create compelling content, it will be seen; when we distribute quality content, we can ensure fair compensation.
pay-TV businesses and the results were immediate. DIRECTV's first full quarter of operation saw it achieve the highest number of net new subscribers in the company's history. By the end of our first half year of operation, the company had very nearly equaled our full-year forecast for net new subscribers. The new management team at DIRECTV has brought a new energy, a new focus and a culture of

excellence to a company that had endured years of paralysis as it awaited its sale. This team has divested non-core assets such as PanAmSat, a transaction that when completed will reap The DIRECTV Group more than US$2.6 billion net of taxes. It has streamlined the operations of Hughes Network Systems and announced the sale of its set top box manufacturing assets. It has launched a new satellite and expanded local-into-local service and high definition television. But most importantly, it has infused this great company with a sense of urgency. Another new business that demonstrated great potential was our pay-TV service in Italy: SKY Italia. Officially launched in August, 2003, SKY Italia has quickly expanded to nearly 2.7 million subscribers, well on its way to the three million subscribers we forecast for the end of this calendar year. Monthly average revenue per user (ARPU) ­ a key indicator of a platform's success ­ is more than 40, reflecting that nearly 90 percent of subscribers have opted for a premium service, while piracy ­ the theft of our satellite signal ­ has been tamed. Indeed, if our current momentum continues, we think we are well on our way to creating another BSkyB in Europe's third most prosperous market. The year ended with start-up losses of US$267 million, better than

Financial Highlights
(U.S. Dollars, in Millions except for Earnings Per ADR)

Year ended June 30, Revenues Operating Income Associated entities, before Other items Income before Other items Other items, net Net Profit Earnings per ADR Income before Other items Net Profit Financial Position Assets Debt
5

2004 $ 20,959 $ 3,064 $ $ 261 (38) $ 1,685 $ 1,647 $ $ 1.20 1.17

2003 $ 17,474 $ 2,532 $ $ (93) (54) $ 1,100 $ 1,046 $ $ 0.83 0.79

2002 $ 15,195 $ 1,855 $ $ (165) 636

$ (6,901) $ (6,265) $ 0.49

$ (5.09) $ 40,293 $ 8,709

$ 51,455 $ 8,702

$ 44,963 $ 8,249

N E W S C O R P O R AT I O N A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 0 4

forecast. At current growth rates, we expect to achieve operational breakeven in the second half of this fiscal year. SKY Italia has become the laboratory of our payTV future. Fox channels are included on the service's basic tier, while Fox films are featured on its premium tier. FOX News Channel executives have helped launch the SKY Italia news channel at the same time their FOX Sports colleagues helped design SKY Italia's new studio sets. Our own 78 percent-owned NDS is ensuring the system's uncompromised conditional access and BSkyB, the most advanced satellite platform in the world, is helping modernize its customer service. Indeed, BSkyB is the model of a successful directto-home satellite platform. During 2004, BSkyB added more than half a million subscribers while maintaining its industry-low churn rate. At the same time, it is experiencing higher ARPU as more customers opt for premium services. Taken together, these factors have led to dramatically increased associated income for News Corp. this year, with the expectation of even higher returns going forward. With all of the expertise in satellite distribution that News Corp. now has at its disposal, I convened a meeting of the top executives from each of our satellite platforms in March. For three days, we discussed the future of satellite technology and covered in depth how we can use our size to grow subscription bases, improve offerings and lower costs. That weekend meeting was a powerful example of how News Corp. is able to marshal the resources and expertise of its component parts to lift the entire group, and I anticipate holding many more of these meetings in the future. What enables us to embrace strategic opportunities such as DIRECTV , BSkyB and SKY Italia is the continued robust growth we have achieved at our core assets. And once again, these gains were evenly distributed across our key operating segments. Combined, we are poised for great organic growth throughout the Company . In Fiscal 2004 at our Filmed Entertainment segment, we achieved something few expected: another record year of operating income. A

question I was persistently asked this year was: Is the momentum at the film studio sustainable? Frankly , no one knew for certain, given the historic vagaries of the film industry. Today, however, I am pleased to report that operating income reached US$886 million, besting last year's number by 38 percent.

Gains were evenly distributed across our key operating segments. We are poised for great organic growth throughout the Company.
Again, it was a combination of smart film-making, better risk management, a focus on profitability over market share and an exploding home entertainment market that generated our success. In fiscal 2004 and early in fiscal 2005, Twentieth Century Fox films had an industry record six films in a row open to US$20 million-plus box offices. Meanwhile, Day After Tomorrow has grossed more than US$500 million worldwide. Worldwide home entertainment and pay-TV performances of X2: X-Men United, Cheaper by the Dozen and Daredevil, among others, also contributed to our success, as did the continued growth in our home entertainment sales of TV DVDs. This year, on sales of such popular shows as 24, The

Simpsons and M*A*S*H, we generated a significant new revenue stream, demonstrating once again that the only limit to our bottom line is the limit of our creative thinking. Like many of our peers, however, we are not taking the explosion of the DVD market for granted. One of the hallmarks of our Company's success is our ability to anticipate challenges early , to address them head-on and to craft durable, creative solutions. That is precisely what we are doing now with the issue of digital piracy . If we are to continue to reap the rewards from our digital content, we must protect ourselves from the threat of its theft. Peter Chernin, the Company's President and COO, took a leading role in both Hollywood and Washington this past year in formulating technological, legal and educational answers to this vexing problem. The solutions are not obvious, nor easily implemented. But I am pleased with the amount of attention and creative thought our executives have given to the issue and I am hopeful that, through our work and the work of others, a new consensus can be forged which will ultimately win this war. At our Television segment, operating income rose US$106 million to US$957 million, the result of a strong overall advertising environment, which pushed up pricing for our primetime schedule and sports programming; higher advertising revenues and market share gains at our Fox

Television Stations; and the mounting success of STAR. FOX Broadcasting Network again finished the year as the number one rated network among teens and adults aged 18-34 and a strong number two in the coveted 18-49 demographic. And in its third season, American Idol cemented its place as a cultural phenomenon, finishing the season as the number one rated program in primetime and increasing its ratings nearly 10 percent. Despite the network's strong overall performance, we suffered bad ratings in the first half of the year, particularly in the two months following our highly rated broadcast of post-season baseball. What became clear to us was this: we could no longer abide the traditional September start to the broadcast season if we wanted to remain competitive. Something had to change. Beginning this past summer, we moved to a 12 month season and the early results have been promising (if somewhat uneven), with several new shows showing great potential for their return in November. Operating income at Fox Television Stations rose 7 percent over last year. Our duopoly strategy is clearly working, reflected in the record market share the stations achieved this year as well as lower overall costs. With nearly all of the cost savings already realized from our integration efforts, the focus now is to capitalize on the revenue opportunities available from owning nine duopolies in some of the

Operating Income by Industry Segment: 2004 versus 2003 (U.S. Dollars, in Millions)
Filmed Entertainment
886 641

Television
957 851

Cable Network Programming
617 430

Direct Broadcast Satellite Television
(267) (68)

Magazines and Inserts
271 256

Newspapers
592 400

Book Publishing
158 133

Other
(150) (111)

I 2004 I 2003

Note: These financial highlights are taken from the Concise Financial Report. Note: DBS segment was consolidated as of April 30, 2003 and had only two months of results in prior year

6

N E W S C O R P O R AT I O N A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 0 4

largest TV markets in the U.S. and to use our breadth to acquire quality programming at fair prices. STAR, our pan-Asian channels business, continued its positive momentum, reporting a second consecutive year of solid profitability. Earnings were up substantially over last year, largely on the strength of rising subscription and advertising revenues at our thriving Indian business and the development of our general entertainment channel in China. We've also been very aggressive in devising new ways to reach advertisers as audiences continue to decline at the U.S. broadcast networks and personal video recorders (PVRs) become more common. The challenge for us ­ and for all broadcasters ­ is to stay ahead of these developments: to fashion alternatives to the 30 second advertising spot that has been the industry's lifeblood for nearly 50 years. A team of executives today is hard at work looking at such alternatives as in-show product placement and corporate sponsorship as ways to keep advertisers associated with our content. At the same time, we are constantly examining new ways to monetize our content, as we've done in launching the TV DVD market. Like digital copyright, this is an issue with immense long-term implications if ignored and we are devoting much time and effort into staying ahead of it. One prominent area of the Company that has certainly benefited from innovative and bold thinking is our

Cable Network Programming segment. Fiscal 2004 operating income increased 43 percent ­ the third consecutive year of strong double digit growth ­ with explosive gains achieved at all three of our primary channels: FOX News, FX and Fox Sports Net. At FOX News, the story was much the same as fiscal 2003, only better: ratings supremacy matched with rising advertising revenues. Once considered a potential long-term drag on earnings, the channel is now one of our key growth drivers, particularly once its original affiliation agreements begin to expire in 2006 and we are able to renegotiate carriage rates in line with the channel's superb performance. FX continued to distinguish itself with original programming such as Nip/Tuck and The Shield. Like FOX News, it is poised for larger affiliate revenues as it begins to renegotiate its original agreements. And at Fox Sports Net, higher subscriber numbers and higher affiliate rates contributed to a double-digit revenue and profit increase at our local sports channels. We should all be proud of the successes we achieved across our newspaper businesses, which performed well in highly competitive markets. The segment reported revenue and operating profit increases of 26 percent and 48 percent respectively , due in part to the absence of a cover price war at The Sun in the U.K., but also due to higher advertising and circulation revenues at nearly all of our

major papers. Among some of the more significant developments within this segment, The Times took the bold gamble of introducing a compact edition, and the public enthusiastically embraced it. Defying the skeptics and traditionalists, overall circulation for the two papers was up following the compact's introduction. The Sunday Telegraph, Australia's largest selling paper, increased its margin over its main competitor to more than 200,000 copies, while in Melbourne, The Herald Sun maintained daily

The opportunity to learn from one another ­ to share ideas with the best minds in the industry from around the globe ­ is something we intend to pursue even more aggressively in the coming years.
sales more than 350,000 ahead of its chief rival. And The New York Post continued its torrid pace, recording its eighth straight double-digit increase in circulation for a six-month reporting period. It is the fastest growing daily newspaper in the U.S., and is poised to soon surpass its chief tabloid rival. One of the genuine highlights of the past year was the worldwide newspaper

Revenues by Industry Segment: 2004 versus 2003 (U.S. Dollars, in Millions)
Filmed Entertainment
5,187 4,486

Television
5,027 4,763

Cable Network Programming
2,538 2,270

Direct Broadcast Satellite Television
1,665 220

Magazines and Inserts
979 923

Newspapers
3,425 2,718

Book Publishing
1,276 1,162

Other
862 932

I 2004 I 2003

Note: These financial highlights are taken from the Concise Financial Report. Note: DBS segment was consolidated as of April 30, 2003 and had only two months of results in prior year

conference we convened in Mexico this past March. 200 employees from every aspect of our newspaper operations came together for four days of intensive discussion on virtually every facet of newspaper publishing. What made the conference so worthwhile was the frank exchange of information. The opportunity to learn from one another ­ to share ideas with the best minds in the industry from around the globe ­ is something we intend to pursue even more aggressively in the coming years. Our other print businesses also achieved growth and sustained momentum. News America Marketing, our coupon and in-store marketing business, generated a 6 percent improvement over last year. HarperCollins, led by the astonishing performance of The Purpose Driven Life , had another year of record profits and had 97 titles on the New York Times bestseller list. And our Washington-based magazine The Weekly Standard is widely considered to be one of the most influential opinion journals on the American political scene today . Events such as our worldwide newspaper conference and the launch of SKY Italia are good examples of the tremendous power that can be realized from our global enterprise. By harnessing the experience and practical wisdom that comes from operating in different environments and confronting different challenges, our company has a great advantage over our competitors. The coming years will be a time of dynamic change. Ideas not yet dreamed of will surely reshape the media industry and our way of life. These days of swift change can be a source of either dizzying fear or boundless excitement. Our tradition at News Corp. is not only to embrace these transformations, but to drive them. This is not a company that sits still or basks in the light of past achievements. We do not allow ourselves the luxury of self-satisfaction. There is still so much more that we can and will accomplish. And it is with tremendous excitement that we look ahead to another year, and many more to come, of building a media company capable of great things and the ability to better the lives of all our readers and viewers.

7

