Filmed Entertainment | Television | Cable Network Programming | Newspapers | Magazines & Inserts | Book Publishing | Other
 The News Corporation Limited
 6
Chief Executive’s Review
There is no greater measure of a person or a company than the ability to grow stronger in the face of adversity. In fiscal 2001, News Corporation encountered worldwide challenges – a global economic downturn, the consequent fall in advertising spending, currency fluctuations in key markets – and met them with success.
  Our Filmed Entertainment segment enjoyed an excellent year, more than doubling its operating income.
Mr. Rupert Murdoch
Chairman and Chief Executive
Our success this past year came not from any new strategy or venture but from
a diligent focus on the Company’s core strengths: the fundamental skills and assets that have made News Corporation one of the world’s major media companies.
We turned to our strength in filmmaking and released some of the year’s most successful motion pictures, including the record-breaking X-Men and Cast Away, the internationally cele- brated Moulin Rouge and, shortly after the end of the fiscal year, Planet of the Apes.
We demonstrated our strength in television production by creating more series for U.S. primetime television than any competitor, becoming the only studio to supply top-quality programming to all six major broadcast networks.
       
7
 And we increased the strength of our own television platforms as the FOX network achieved its most competitive season ever, FX and Fox News Channel enjoyed breakout suc- cess on cable and STAR and BSkyB expanded and improved their satellite operations across Asia and Europe.
Meanwhile, our print businesses – chiefly newspapers, book publishing and consumer promotions – maintained their leadership in highly competitive markets.
Overall, our results for fiscal 2001 were slightly lower than the previous year, with rev- enues of US$13.8 billion and operating income of US$1.67 billion. I would have preferred
that both figures be far higher and, if not for deteriorating economic conditions in key mar- kets, I am certain they would have been.
World economic downturns are, of course, beyond our control. I am pleased to report, however, that in fiscal 2001 we made the very most of the factors we could control: our world-class creative con- tent and its delivery to big screens, small screens and onto the printed page. Allow me to detail the impressive progress at our existing businesses as well as several important acquisitions and divestments we made during the past year.
Our Filmed Entertainment segment enjoyed an excellent year, more than doubling its operat- ing income to US$271 million. Those results were driven by the record-breaking theatrical releases of X-Men and Cast Away; by the solid and steady success of motion pictures like What Lies Beneath, Dr. Dolittle 2 and Moulin Rouge; and by popular low-budget and niche films like Dude, Where’s My Car? and Quills.
But the box office success of these films was only the beginning of their profitability. More and more profits are flowing to our bottom line
 Twentieth Century Fox Television reinforced its position as the leader in television production as it created more primetime series for U.S. networks
than any other studio.
 from the DVD and video sales of our recent releases and from our worldwide film library. In fiscal 2001, Twentieth Century Fox Home Entertainment achieved US$1 billion in net sales for the first time ever. These DVD and video sales provide a steady revenue stream that counters much of the famous volatility of the movie business.
Our expanding Twentieth Century Fox Television (TCFTV) division reinforced its posi- tion as the leader in television production as it created more primetime series for U.S. networks than any other studio. TCFTV produced
three of the four biggest new hits last season – Dark Angel and Boston Public for FOX and Yes, Dear for CBS – in addition to signing signifi- cantly more favorable licensing agreements for Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Dharma and Greg. Crucially, many of TCFTV’s shows have become long-running hits, setting them up for sales into the lucrative syndication market. Of the
16 TCFTV shows that are returning this season, fully half will have entered the syndication mar- ket by fiscal 2003, and the remaining eight series are leading prospects to feed the highly profitable syndication pipeline in subsequent years.
In the Television segment, the FOX network engineered a pleasing turnaround. After faithfully working to rebuild its programming lineup, FOX posted the most growth among total viewers
of any network during the year. FOX finished the season only three-tenths of a ratings point behind first-place NBC while winning the battle for viewers in the important young adult, male and teen demographics. Nominated in 2001 for a record 40 Emmy Awards, FOX has launched four new hit series in the past two seasons – Malcolm in the Middle, Titus, Boston Public and Dark Angel – and is earning wide- spread critical acclaim for its upcoming slate of shows in 2001-2002.
      
8
Meanwhile, our increasingly valuable U.S. cable networks continued to make dramatic gains. FX, our general entertainment channel, emerged as cable television’s fastest-growing network. Our decision to air NASCAR auto racing on FX proved a major ratings winner. And Fox News Channel graduated from promis- ing upstart to the industry’s brightest star as it celebrated its first full fiscal year of profitability. Fox News regularly beat CNN in ratings while increasing its subscriber numbers to nearly
68 million.
In addition, the Company launched the
National Geographic Channel in partnership with National Geographic Television in January. Instantly available to 10 million cable sub- scribers in the U.S., the channel – whose brand and outstanding programming are world-famous – secured additional cable launch commitments that will increase its penetration to more than 35 million homes by 2005.
In Asia, STAR increased its operating income by nearly 24 percent on the strength of advertis- ing gains across its Asian markets – particularly in India, where STAR Plus broadcast the vast majority of the country’s most popular shows. Led by STAR Plus’s remarkable advertising gains and threefold increase in viewers, results increased substantially across STAR’s businesses. During the year, STAR also continued its pow- erful expansion with two pioneering investments in Asia’s cable industry: the acquisition of a 26 percent stake in Hathway Cable, India’s second- largest cable network; and a partnership with Taiwan’s KOOs Group to create the region’s first interactive digital cable TV platform.
In the UK, BSkyB achieved 25 percent revenue growth as its direct-to-home (DTH) subscriber base increased to 5.5 million. Just as encouraging was the 7 percent rise in annual rev- enue per subscriber (ARPU), while DTH churn
 Fox News Channel
graduated from promising upstart to the industry's brightest star as it celebrated
its first full fiscal year of profitability.
declined to 10 percent. With a full 97 percent of its service now digital, BSkyB is well-positioned to turn off its analog service and see even greater increases in the all-important ARPU – already growing ahead of predictions – that will ensure revenue growth and profits in the future.
HarperCollins acquired and incorporated one of the most prestigious publishing houses in the U.K., Fourth Estate, in addition to earning greater profits and posting more bestsellers than ever.
And our newspapers, including some of the best-known mastheads in the world, maintained their circulations and market shares despite difficult economic conditions. Record sterling profits at the UK newspapers and continued strength at the top of the Australian market were a tribute to News Corporation’s nearly 50 years of excellence in the newspaper industry.
Of course, the year was not without its disap- pointments, in particular the underperformance of our new media businesses. News Corporation was not immune to the widely-lamented down- fall of the dot-coms, and along with other media companies we were forced to consolidate or close several of our Internet-related operations during the year.
Yet I’m pleased to report that these investment failures were more than matched by a series of strategic acquisitions and divestments that better equip the Company to compete in the future.
In May 2001, the Company acquired an addi- tional 17 percent interest in Gemstar-TV Guide International from Liberty Media, making News Corporation the largest shareholder in the world’s leading provider of interactive programming guides. An increasingly vital tool in the digital television age, Gemstar’s interactive programming guides (IPGs) were made avail- able in more than 12 million American homes by the end of the fiscal year. New long-term
    
9
agreements with a half-dozen cable television companies in the U.S. ensure that the reach and the value of our IPGs will increase with the growth of interactive television.
Shortly after the end of the fiscal year, News Corporation finalized its acquisition of the
10 U.S. television stations formerly owned by Chris-Craft Industries. While our station group has been a leading profit engine for the Company for years, these additional stations significantly expand our presence in the top
10 television markets in the country. As a result of the acquisition and subsequent station swaps with ClearChannel Communications and Viacom, we will also enjoy the benefits of seven duopolies in the U.S. Fox Television Stations will own two stations in New York, Los Angeles, Dallas, Houston, Washington, Phoenix and Minneapolis, enabling significant operational cost savings and additional opportunities
for advertisers.
Also following the close of the fiscal year,
News Corporation and our partner Saban Entertainment announced the sale of Fox Family Worldwide to Walt Disney Company for approxi- mately US$5.3 billion, including the assumption of approximately US$2.3 billion in debt. We
are proud to have helped build Fox Family into a valuable global franchise, and pleased with our earnings and cash proceeds from the sale of this powerful asset.
In addition, News Corporation announced the merger of Stream, our Italian pay TV opera- tions, with Telepiu, owned by Vivendi Universal’s Canal+. The resulting company, to be called Telepiu, will be one-quarter owned by News Corporation. If approved by Italian and E.U. regulatory authorities, the merger would mean considerable savings for News Corporation as we compete with new efficiency for the potentially immense rewards of the Italian pay TV market.
Sky Global is a truly global collection
of locally powerful television providers, one we plan to build into the largest distribution platform in the world.
 Yet far and away the Company’s most exciting development – and the one that kept us busiest in fiscal 2001 – was
that of Sky Global Networks, our worldwide network of satellite pay TV operations and relat- ed assets. Sky Global is a truly global collection of locally powerful television providers, one we plan to build into the largest distribution platform in the world. Shortly after the end of the fiscal year, we entered formal negotiations with General Motors and its subsidiary, Hughes Electronics, to merge Sky Global with Hughes. At the time of writing, these negotiations remain difficult and inconclusive. Regardless of the outcome, we will maintain our long-term plan to become a major force in television distribution as well as production.
Our company has been built by a worldwide team of people and businesses with an awesome ability to adapt and excel. To evolve as quickly and successfully as our company has for nearly five decades requires a workforce of exceptional talent. And turning around underperforming operations, maintaining leadership positions
in fiercely competitive markets and rapidly integrating new assets requires employees with uncommon dedication. Every day, the employ- ees of News Corporation’s companies are asked to excel, and every day they do so with great – and growing – success.
I am extremely grateful, this year and every year, to the men and women of News Corporation who work so hard to please our customers around the world and to increase the value of our com- pany for you, our shareholders. I look forward with all shareholders and employees of the Company to a future of even greater reward.
    