                Dear
 Rupert Murdoch
Chairman & Chief Executive Oicer 21st Century Fox
Fellow Stockholder
A year ago we set out as 21st Century Fox, eager to seize new opportunities to bring audiences around the world unique and powerful storytelling. In our !irst full year we achieved impressive results, bolstering our position in the thriving global market for quality entertainment, news and sports, even as we continue to make long-term investments in new channel development. We are delivering on our commitment to provide enhanced vision and value for our stockholders through growing our existing businesses, making targeted investments for the future and achieving operational excellence.
While our corporate structure
has changed, our mission has never wavered. Every day we strive to deliver engaging and distinct stories that connect on a personal level with audiences around the world. Where once there was just a handful of television channels, in today’s media landscape consumers have more access and choice than previously imaginable, and in more markets than ever before. This has made quality storytelling more important than ever, and I am proud that our businesses have helped lead the way in this creative renaissance.
At the same time that we have pursued growth, we have been disciplined with our capital allocation and focused on returns. We ended the !iscal year with our strongest quarterly !inancial performance of the year, with a 19% year-over-year gain
in total segment operating income before depreciation and amortization (OIBDA), and 7% full-year growth. With our !iscal 2014 results, we are well positioned to achieve our three-year growth target.
The following review of our business segments is a snapshot of the strong foundation we have
built over the years, as well as the momentum we have gained during the last !iscal year.
Our cable channels business continues to drive our !inancial performance. The Cable Network Programming segment surpassed $12 billion in revenue for the !irst time in our history, up 13% over the prior year. During the !iscal year,
we made targeted investments in this high-growth segment across a range of recently acquired or newly launched sports and entertainment channels, including Fox Sports 1, FXX, the YES Network, STAR
Sports in India, Sports Time Ohio and others. These investments, which underscore our long- standing commitment to providing unprecedented quality in global sports and entertainment, are vital to the future growth of our business.
For years, breakthrough entertainment, news and sports programming has de!ined our cable properties. In !iscal 2014 our brands continued to stand out from the pack on the success of both new and established shows, and the growing footprint of our global sports rights.
  
                On the entertainment side,
FX launched several new critically acclaimed shows that resonated with audiences and enhanced what has become one of television’s most well-de!ined and sought-after channels. In 2014, the channel had its best year ever from a ratings perspective, while also amassing
a record 45 Emmy nominations. Newer hits such as FARGO, TYRANT and THE AMERICANS complemented FX’s roster of long- running series such as SONS OF ANARCHY, AMERICAN HORROR STORY, JUSTIFIED and LOUIE. On the strength of the FX brand, we launched FXX, an example of our ability to leverage the Company’s powerful brands to create new programming experiences that connect with audiences. We are pleased with the progress of FXX, which, following its transition
from Fox Soccer Channel, grew
its distribution by over 20 million households and its primetime viewership more than !ive-fold from a year ago. FXX’s acquisition of cable syndication rights for THE SIMPSONS has already made a major impact with audiences, who watched the show’s recent 12-day marathon in record numbers.
Our domestic cable sports oerings also had a banner year, supported by the solid foundation
of our regional sports businesses, and strengthened further by our decision to increase our ownership stake in the YES Network to 80%.
As we continue to grow our sports oering in local markets, in which we broadcast thousands of live events each year, the outlook for our RSN business is strong.
Fox Sports 1 recently celebrated its !irst anniversary as our primary national sports channel, and, while it is still in the early days of its development, we are pleased with its progress to date, especially given the fact that only a select number of our rights agreements are
currently leveraged on air. With the Major League Baseball Playos, U.S. Open Golf Championships and FIFA Women’s World Cup all premiering on FS1 over the next 12 months, we look forward to even greater success from the channel.
In news, Fox News continued to dominate, celebrating its twelfth consecutive year as America’s most- watched cable news network. In fact, Fox News’ primetime audience is consistently larger than its three main competitors combined. Alongside its established time-slot leaders THE O’REILLY FACTOR, SPECIAL REPORT and FOX & FRIENDS, the network continues to develop and grow new successes such as THE KELLY FILE and THE FIVE. Fox Business Network also continues to make great strides, adding new shows and important talent, such as Maria Bartiromo, whose show OPENING BELL launched earlier this year.
At Fox Broadcasting Company, the past year represented an important step forward in our eorts to strengthen the FOX network, highlighted by our switch to a year- round development cycle. This new strategy aligns the network more closely with the creative community throughout the year and no longer
limits us to launching new shows within a crowded and restricted timeframe. We have also upped
our investments in programming, including in a number of highly- anticipated new series, among them GOTHAM, EMPIRE and GRACEPOINT. In addition, at the close of the !iscal year, we announced the united
Fox Television Group, with Gary Newman and Dana Walden adding oversight of the network to their continuing roles leading 20th Century Fox Television . We could not be more excited about this new strategic alignment
that we expect will bene!it both businesses.
Sports continues to be a cornerstone of our U.S. broadcast business, and this past year marked the 20th season of the NFL on FOX, a milestone that not only re!lects our long-term partnership with the league, but also the growth of
our collective businesses. We achieved record viewership throughout the regular season
and playos, and, most notably, with Super Bowl XLVIII, which was the most watched program in the history of television.
Over the past 12 months, our !ilm and television studios have continued to push boundaries.
 > The Cable Network Programming segment surpassed $12 billion in revenue for the !irst time in our history.
> We achieved record viewership throughout the regular season and playos, and, most notably, with Super Bowl XLVIII, which was the most watched program in the history of television.
> In India, our operations are stronger than ever, and, with a weekly reach of more than 650 million viewers, Star India remains that nation’s largest and most in!luential entertainment company.
 
                Theatrical hits, ranging from franchise blockbusters like X MEN: DAYS OF FUTURE PAST and RIO 2
to high-concept !ilms such as the breakout hit THE FAULT IN OUR STARS and THE GRAND BUDAPEST HOTEL, illustrate the success of our !ilm division’s diversi!ied approach, which delivers consistency, industry- leading margins and unprecedented global reach. At our television studios, successful franchises, such as HOMELAND, MODERN FAMILY and HOW I MET YOUR MOTHER, were complemented by up-and-comers like this year’s SLEEPY HOLLOW.
Outside the U.S. we continued to bene!it from the increased reach of pay television as well as the growing demand for our industry-leading content and channels.
Our international channels business, Fox International Channels, grew its subscriber base by 20% this past year, continuing to build on its unmatched global footprint across more than 300 owned channels in more than 180 countries.
For our European satellite businesses, the last year marked
a period of growth and continued innovation. Sky Deutschland expanded to 88 HD channels and continues to be Europe’s fastest growing pay-TV platform, while
Sky Italia has also evolved its product oering, now delivering both traditional and over-the-top television experiences to nearly !ive million homes. The three European Skys have been leaders in multi- platform digital TV production, from HD sports to leading over-the-top platforms such as Sky GO, all of which are enjoyed by millions of families across the businesses’ footprint.
In July we announced an agreement with BSkyB, the U.K.’s leading digital TV provider, to combine our European satellite television holdings to create Europe’s leading pay-TV business. 21st Century Fox will continue
What has and always will separate us from the competition is our !irm belief that the status
quo is never good enough. We will continue to innovate and shake things up in support of our enduring mission to provide even greater choice for consumers at every turn.
  to hold a 39% stake in the new pan-European Sky. We have always believed that bringing together these assets as a fully integrated business would produce signi!icant bene!its for shareholders and consumers. We could not be more pleased with this transaction, which enables us to both maximize the value of our various Sky holdings while still participating in the growth of the new pan-European Sky.
In India, our operations are stronger than ever, and, with a weekly reach of more than 650 million viewers, STAR India remains that nation’s largest and most in!luential entertainment company. The return of the popular and poignant SATYAMEV JAYATE was watched
by more than 300 million people, and more than 50 million viewers participated online in support
of the show’s “vote of change” initiatives. STAR Sports has also made major sports investments in the past 12 months, launching six networks which deliver the best in cricket, soccer and more to viewers throughout India. STAR Sports’ commitment to fostering a multi- sport culture in India is widely know
as evidenced by its investment in
the Pro Kabaddi League, a game which was nearly forgotten but with STAR’s support has been transformed into a modern sporting experience that quickly attracted large and passionate audiences.
As I’ve said many times before,
we don’t make a habit of looking back to revel in our accomplishments.
But in reviewing the last 12 months, which included a tectonic shift in
the structure of our company, I am immensely proud of the work of
our colleagues around the world,
and equally appreciative of the faith placed in our management team
by our shareholders. What has and always will separate us from the competition is our !irm belief that
the status quo is never good enough. We will continue to innovate and shake things up in support of our enduring mission to provide even greater choice for consumers at every turn.
In the end, I !irmly believe that we have the assets, the scale, the plan and the leadership to cement 21st Century Fox’s continuing place as the world’s pre-eminent !ilm and television company.
We thank our stockholders for their con!idence and commitment, and look forward to sharing more success in the years to come.
egards,
e
     w
,
n
R
n
,
R
            Rupert Murdoch
Chairman & Chief Executive Oicer 21st Century Fox
   