 Letter to Our Shareholders
 Allen Franklin
Chairman, President, and CEO
Our strategy is straightforward. Our results are real. We believe our targets are credible and achievable. We are disciplined and committed to keeping promises. This approach historically has produced excellent results for Southern Company customers and shareholders. It again added up to an outstanding performance in 2002. We achieved earnings of $1.32 billion, or $1.86 per share. Even excluding the positive effects of weather and one-time items, our earnings of $1.75 per share exceeded Wall Street expectations as well as our earnings-growth goal. We succeeded despite a recession that hit the manufacturing sector in the Southeast especially hard. We did it while continuing to meet very high standards for customer service and reliability.
3 SO 2OO2

 Letter to Our Shareholders (continued)
Outstanding Year
The company’s excellent performance allowed us to increase your annual dividend to $1.37 per share. The success we’re having was also recognized in the stock market. Our share price rose by 12 percent.
With a 17.6 percent total return for shareholders, including stock price appreciation and reinvested dividends, we outperformed our industry as well as the broader market in 2002. In addition, we have been a total return leader for the most recent 5-year and 10-year periods. Southern Company has delivered con- sistently solid results under varying market conditions.
The source of this success is our work force of more than 26,000 employees, whose efforts every day make it happen. We work hard to ensure customers have a reliable and affordable supply of electricity. Customer service and satisfaction drive our business. And our company emphasizes corporate responsibility, as demonstrated by the real gains we’ve made in the areas of the environment and diversity.
Sound Strategy
We’ve now completed two years with a strategy focused on the Southeast and our three main businesses. Our commitment to continue the successful execution of this strategy has the company well positioned for the future. Our regulated utilities, which contribute nearly 90 percent of our earnings, are strong. The recent eco- nomic problems notwithstanding, the region continues to grow. Our regulated retail business added 70,000 customers last year. That increase of 1.7 percent was
above the national average for the industry. We are expecting comparable growth this year. To ensure that the Southeast’s increasing energy needs are served, we’ve continued to invest in our infrastructure. The foundation of our company is in our regulated utilities in the Southeast, and we remain focused on the funda- mentals that have made us successful.
Our competitive generation business continued to perform well, with earnings of $168 million in 2002. The target for this business is to earn $200 million a year
by 2005. We are on track, if not ahead of pace, to meet this goal. Our wholesale generation business is based on securing long-term contracts before any new power plants are added. This way we are less vulnerable to the price volatility of the competitive wholesale electricity market. We’ll continue to grow in 2003 by adding four gas-fired units with more than 2,200 megawatts of capacity – all with long-term contracts.
We are also making progress toward meeting our long-term goals for energy-related products and services, the third main component of our strategy. Through an acquisition, we entered Georgia’s retail natural gas market last year. Southern Company GAS now serves more than 200,000 customers and is profitable. Outdoor lighting in Georgia, appliance sales in Alabama, and our Southern LINC telecommunications business are solid performers. In part because of the economic downturn, our energy services business, Southern Company Energy Solutions, had disappointing results in 2002. However, we are retooling that business and expect
to see improvement.
4 SO 2OO2

    1.86* 1.52 1.62
10,066 10,155 10,549 9,499 9,317
’98 ’99 ’00 ’01 ’02
Operating Revenues
(continuing operations, in millions of dollars)
15.79 13.43 13.20 13.51
            1.41 1.33
  10.04
 ’98 ’99 ’00 ’01 ’02
Earnings Per Share
(continuing operations, in dollars)
* Includes positive impact from weather and one-time items of 11 cents.
We are managing the business well, capitalizing on our strengths and adjusting where necessary. Our strategy is sound, and I see no major changes to it in the foreseeable future.
Challenges and Opportunities
To continue our record of success, we will have to work through a number of external issues. Some particularly stand out.
The slumping economy is challenging most businesses, including ours. We’ve been able to manage our operations to reduce the impact of the economy.
A strong recovery does not appear likely in 2003, and we have adjusted our budgets and financial plans.
As always, we are giving a great deal of attention to our environmental responsibilities. We have commit- ted, in some cases ahead of compliance dates and voluntarily, to install equipment and make substantial capital investments to improve air quality, especially in the metropolitan areas we serve. In the Atlanta area, we have spent more than $1 billion over the past decade to reduce ground-level ozone, although we are but one of many sources affecting air quality. We’re pursuing research and development of alternative energy sources, such as biomass and coal gasification. Clean- burning natural gas is becoming a bigger part of our fuel mix, which is a positive environmental development although it creates longer-term issues related to the uncertainty of natural gas prices. We are achieving significant environmental improvements even as we increase generation to meet growing energy needs.
’98 ’99 ’00 ’01 ’02
Return on Average Common Equity (percent)
 We are closely engaged in the discussions over proposed changes to federal regulation of our industry. We agree with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission that there are potential long-term benefits to forming a regional transmission organization in the Southeast. But we have some concerns. Specifically, we want to ensure the structure of any such system doesn’t harm our customers by reducing reliability or increasing costs. FERC has approved the general framework of our regional transmission organization plan. However, a separate FERC transmission proposal known as Standard Market Design would, in our opinion, go too far in taking regulatory power away from the states and could have a harmful effect on retail customers. We will continue to make our voice heard and work toward solutions that benefit our customers and are fair to our shareholders.
We have long believed in the value of sticking with the business and markets we know best. I believe our focus on disciplined decision-making and customer satisfaction is exactly right for this company. Our people are talented and motivated and working better than ever as a team. We know our business. We understand the challenges and opportunities ahead. I am very confident that we’re on the right track for continued success.
Thank you again for your support,
Allen Franklin
March 14, 2003
 5 SO 2OO2
