S ha r e h o l d e r s ' M e ssa g e
To our shareholders:

Two years ago, in the face of a significant economic downturn and despite short-term pressures on our performance, we saw a glass half full, offering opportunities to strengthen Genesco's strategic position and to prepare for future growth. We thought that a company positioned as we were, with a strong portfolio of businesses, each characterized by leadership in its respective market sector and competitive advantages that make its leadership position defensible, could emerge from the downturn relatively stronger than we entered it. We see Fiscal 2011's excellent results as validating that vision and the steps we took to realize the opportunities we identified. Each of our businesses contributed to the year's improved results in a way that reinforces our enthusiasm about our outlook.
journeys group
GENESCO MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE from left: Bob Dennis, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Genesco Inc.; Andy Gilbert, President, Genesco Licensed Brands; Roger Sisson, Senior Vice President, Corporate Secretary and General Counsel; Jim Estepa, Senior Vice President, Chief Executive Officer ­ Genesco Retail Group; Jon Caplan, Senior Vice President, Chief Executive Officer ­ Genesco Branded Group, President ­ Johnston & Murphy; Jim Gulmi, Senior Vice President ­ Finance and Chief Financial Officer; Mimi Vaughn, Senior Vice President ­ Strategy and Shared Services; Ken Kocher, Senior Vice President, President ­ Lids Sports Group.

Journeys' position as the number-one specialty footwear retailer for teens was further strengthened by an ongoing fashion shift away from athletic toward casual footwear during the year. While Journeys has proven its ability to serve its customer across the full range of fashion trends, there are simply more places in the mall to purchase athletic footwear than non-athletic casual styles, and Journeys' status as the destination for teen fashion footwear is amplified when fashions trend toward non-athletic casual footwear. Journeys Group same store sales increased 7% for the year. Based on the history of product cycles in teen fashion footwear, we expect the merchandise trends that benefitted Journeys in Fiscal 2011 to continue to drive the business forward in Fiscal 2012. We also look forward to pushing ahead with the expansion opportunity in Canada, where we opened three stores in Fiscal 2011 with encouraging early results. The Journeys Group ended the year with 1,017 Journeys, Journeys Kidz and Shi by Journeys stores, and accounted for 45% of Genesco's sales in Fiscal 2011.
lids sports group

Fiscal 2011 saw continuing progress in the transformation of our Hat World business into the Lids Sports Group. We are leveraging Lids' well-established position as the leading national retailer of licensed sports-related headwear to create a broader leadership position in the licensed sports retail and team sports markets. We made a number of small acquisitions during the year, adding new regions and product offerings to our Lids Team Sports team dealer business with the acquisition of West Coast-based Brand Athletics and East Coast-based Anaconda Sports, and adding college and professional teamspecific clubhouse stores and websites to our base of Lids Locker Room fan shops with the acquisition of Sports Avenue. Our goal is to make Lids the brand that sports-oriented consumers think of first, in connection with both the teams they root for and the teams they play for. The success of our merchandising initiatives combined with the execution of our acquisition strategy helped the Lids Sports Group achieve sales growth of 30% for the year. As we continue to integrate the Lids hat stores, Lids Locker Room fan shops, Lids Clubhouse stores, Lids Team Sports, and Lids.com under the Lids Sports Group umbrella, we believe there are meaningful cross-selling opportunities and operational synergies yet to be realized and additional opportunities to gain share in a large but highly fragmented market. The Lids Sports Group ended the year with 985 retail stores and accounted for 34% of Genesco's sales for Fiscal 2011.
johnston & murphy

Johnston & Murphy enjoyed a post-recession resurgence in Fiscal 2011, meeting improved consumer demand with a broader offering of casual footwear, apparel and accessories. Sales increased 11% for the year, with an 8% same store sales increase and a 21% increase in wholesale sales. Johnston & Murphy continues to expand its reach, exploring how the lifestyle it represents translates across other product categories and even in a still small but well-received women's product line. Johnston & Murphy ended the year with 156 stores and accounted for 10% of Genesco's sales for Fiscal 2011.

4

licensed brands

Licensed Brands, which includes our licensed Dockers Footwear and Chaps Footwear wholesale businesses and some other small, wholesale footwear lines that draft off the group's product development infrastructure, once again registered the highest operating margin in the Company in Fiscal 2011. Licensed Brands continues to find creative ways to leverage its sourcing expertise and knowledge of the footwear market across new lines and categories, and we see considerable potential in this business. Licensed Brands accounted for 6% of Genesco's sales for Fiscal 2011.
underground station group

While sales at Underground Station, our urban-oriented footwear retail concept, have remained challenging, the division's bottom line improved, thanks to our ongoing efforts to work down the store base to its profitable core. We closed 19 Underground Station stores in Fiscal 2011, ending the year with 151 stores, and plan to continue to manage this chain with a focus on cash flow and strengthening the bottom line. Underground Station Group accounted for 5% of Genesco's sales for Fiscal 2011. For the Company as a whole, a combination of solid sales growth, gross margin expansion, and expense leverage resulted in record revenues of $1.8 billion and an increase in diluted earnings per share from continuing operations to $2.29 in Fiscal 2011. We spent $75 million on acquisitions and $25 million on the repurchase of Genesco stock and ended the year with $56 million in cash and no debt. While we are proud of our recent performance, our focus is firmly on the future. We have emerged from one of the most difficult periods in recent history of retail as a stronger company with what we see as even more compelling growth prospects than when the recession began. Each of our major businesses continues to occupy either the number-one or number-two position in its niche, with opportunities for growth in new territories and new product lines. Our clean balance sheet supports our ambition for future growth. In Genesco's current five-year strategic plan, we are targeting annual sales of at least $2.3 billion by Fiscal 2015, with operating earnings growth of 15% to 20% annually. Achieving these goals would return our consolidated operating margin to pre-recession levels, around 8%. These targets reflect what we view as relatively moderate assumptions of only 3% to 4% same store sales growth annually, with a higher contribution from e-commerce sales, adding roughly 300 net new stores, and continued leverage on rent and depreciation. The plan would also produce significant excess cash, which could be used to fuel additional growth. Our defining strength is our ability to manage niche consumer businesses that are difficult for others to replicate. This strength resides in the many individuals who make up this world-class organization, a dedicated, motivated and highly skilled talent pool led by the senior management group pictured nearby. I am confident that we have the right people and strategies in place to achieve our near-term targets and long-term objectives. I hope you all share my excitement about our Company's future.

Robert J. Dennis Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Genesco Inc.

EVA® Genesco has been an EVA ® company since 1999. EVA advances the analysis of operating performance one step beyond profitability by taking efficiency in capital usage into account. Essentially, EVA recognizes that companies create the most wealth for their shareholders by making the greatest possible profit with the fewest possible net assets. In fiscal 2011 we exceeded our annual EVA improvement goal. Because everyone at Genesco recognizes the link between EVA improvement, shareholders' wealth creation (and, not insignificantly, our own incentive compensation), we are committed to continue growing earnings while tightly managing assets, to meet or exceed our EVA improvement goals.  EVA is a registered trademark of Stern Stewart & Co

5

