TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
Fiscal 2012 was another excellent year for
Genesco. Double digit sales and earnings gains,
reflecting healthy organic growth across the
Company as well as strategic expansion, once
again demonstrated the power of a portfolio of
businesses with leadership positions in their
markets and competitive advantages that make
them hard for potential challengers to replicate,
run by talented people focused on operational
excellence. We grew the portfolio with our June
2011 acquisition of Schuh Group Limited, a
leading retailer of footwear for teens and young
adults in the U.K. and the Republic of Ireland,
which also contributed to our record operating
performance for the year.
On a consolidated basis, Genesco achieved
record revenues of $2.3 billion, driven by
organic growth as well as the contribution of Schuh. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations increased
to $3.48 in Fiscal 2012. Sales increased 28% and diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were up 52%
compared to the year prior. Our year-end cash position of $54 million was only slightly less than a year ago despite having
spent approximately $93 million on acquisitions in Fiscal 2012.
JOURNEYS GROUP
Favorable fashion trends and successful sales and merchandising strategies fueled exceptional growth in the Journeys Group
in Fiscal 2012. With a 15% comparable store sales gain, the group was able to leverage expenses by 240 basis points and
deliver an operating margin of 9%. Sales growth was even stronger on the web, as Journeys.com and other e-commerce sites
in the Group posted a 32% increase, fueled by increased traffic and an improved merchandise selection. In total, the Journeys
Group ended the year with 1,017 Journeys, Journeys Kidz and Shi by Journeys stores, including 13 stores in Canada, and
accounted for 41% of Genesco’s sales in Fiscal 2012.
By the end of Fiscal 2012, our multi-year effort to manage the Underground Station chain down to a core group of profitable
stores had left us with 137 Underground Station stores accounting for 4% of the Company’s sales. Toward the end of the
year, we determined that it made sense to integrate the Underground Station organization into the Journeys Group. As we
implement the integration plan this year, we’ll rebrand a number of stores as “Underground by Journeys” which will target a
slightly older demographic than Journeys, convert certain other doors into Journeys stores, and continue to close unprofitable
locations. Much of the back office integration has already taken place with the rebranding and remerchandising underway and
on schedule to be completed by the fourth quarter of this year. Among other benefits of the consolidation, we have been able
to redeploy resources within the combined Group to focus on growth drivers and store productivity.
SCHUH GROUP
The Schuh acquisition in June was another highlight of the year. This business has performed exceptionally well despite
a challenging retail environment in the U.K. and Republic of Ireland. By drawing on the strength of Journeys’ relationships
with major vendors, we are finding ways to add even more breadth to Schuh’s merchandise offering and further differentiate
the concept from the competition, and our retail management teams on both sides of the Atlantic are benefitting from fresh
perspectives and shared learning opportunities. Schuh ended the year with 64 stand-alone locations and 14 concessions in
a U.K. specialty chain, and with exciting plans for future new store openings. In just over seven months of operations after
the acquisition, Schuh accounted for 9% of the Company’s sales for the year.
LIDS SPORTS GROUP
The Lids Sports Group continued to leverage its leadership position and scale in licensed sports-related headwear into the
broader licensed sports retail and team sports markets. The combined merchandising capabilities, buying power and customer
relationships created by our ongoing consolidation strategy are driving higher productivity and better efficiency across our
base of Lids hat stores, Lids Locker Room stores and Lids Clubhouse stores. Meanwhile, Lids made progress integrating the
team sports businesses it has acquired over the last several years as it works to become the dominant player in the highly
fragmented team sports market. In total, the Lids Sports Group delivered 26% sales growth in Fiscal 2012, highlighted by a
12% comparable sales gain which helped drive a 150 basis point improvement in operating margin, to approximately 11%.
With 1,002 retail stores in operation at year end, Lids Sports Group accounted for 33% of the Company’s sales for Fiscal 2012.
JOHNSTON & MURPHY GROUP
Johnston & Murphy continued to benefit from a more diverse assortment of products and, by the end of Fiscal 2012, relatively
newer categories including men’s casual footwear, women’s footwear and non-footwear collections contributed more than
50% of the brand’s overall sales. The brand’s geographic reach expanded, with a new Company-owned store and wholesale
operations in Canada, a licensed store in Mexico, and with new distribution arrangements in India and Japan, laying a strong
foundation for future international growth in Fiscal 2013 and beyond. Johnston & Murphy had 153 retail locations at year-end,
and the division represented 9% of total Genesco sales in Fiscal 2012.
LICENSED BRANDS
Licensed Brands, including the licensed Dockers Footwear and Chaps Footwear wholesale businesses and another small
wholesale footwear line that leveraged the Group’s product development infrastructure, represented 4% of Genesco’s sales
in Fiscal 2012. Despite a challenging market environment which affected sales for the group, its operating margin remained
healthy at 10%.
In Genesco’s current five-year strategic plan, we are targeting annual sales of $3.1 billion and adjusted operating margins of
9% by Fiscal 2016. These targets compare favorably to our previous five-year goals of annual sales of $2.3 billion and adjusted
operating margins of 8% by Fiscal 2015, with the improved outlook coming from better than expected organic growth and the
acquisition of Schuh in Fiscal 2012.
We continue to be the “go to” retailer in each of our major business categories as our size and access to key brands and
products make our concepts difficult for others to replicate. No less important to our success are the dedication, motivation
and talent of the individuals that make Genesco a world-class organization, and we are confident that they will continue to be a
primary catalyst for the Company’s progress. I thank the entire team for continuing to execute at such a high level and I
share
their justifiable pride in the company we’re working together to build. We hope you all share our enthusiasm for the exciting
times that we believe lie ahead.
Robert J. Dennis
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Genesco Inc.