Dear Fellow Shareholder: General Dynamics begins 2013 with a renewed focus on operations. Our company has a long history of excellent operating performance and, following disappointing financial results in 2012, we will deliver on our promise of superior performance moving forward.  The company's key financial metrics ­ operating earnings, operating margins, free cash flow and return on invested capital (ROIC) ­ declined in 2012, even after adjusting for non-recurring charges. In part, this is because of difficult market conditions, particularly in Europe, and operational challenges in some of our shorter-cycle defense businesses. Several acquisitions made in recent years have not met expectations and also contributed to lackluster performance. We are taking rapid and decisive action to remedy underlying performance issues and to address new market realities by restructuring some businesses and relentlessly reducing costs across the company, including our corporate headquarters.  Despite the challenges faced in 2012, our core platform businesses performed extremely well and generated significant earnings and free cash flow. The Aerospace group had particularly strong growth. Sales and earnings expanded by double digits as Gulfstream's revenue grew over $800 million and earnings increased $110 million. Gulfstream delivered two new aircraft models to the market in 2012, the G280 and G650. We have a high degree of confidence that these aircraft will be major contributors to the company's performance for many years to come. Similarly, within the Combat Systems group, Land Systems, our North America-based vehicle business, delivered improved sales, earnings and margins, a particularly good result given its exposure to reduced supplemental spending related to the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. At Marine Systems, earnings were up 8.5 percent from solid performance across all three of our shipyards. We expect strong performance from these businesses again in 2013.  Your management team is focused on reducing costs, improving margins and driving earnings and free cash flow. The 2013 operating plan re-baselines each of our businesses to better reflect operational realities and changing market dynamics.

It imposes stringent operating goals throughout the organization, and I will hold our leadership accountable for meeting those objectives. Our managers must keep overhead, plant equipment and working capital at the absolute minimum level necessary to support volume. We are going to manage our business by focusing on return on invested capital and driving margins program by program, business unit by business unit.  As part of the plan to build value for shareholders, we will allocate and deploy our capital wisely. We are particularly mindful of the importance of liquidity given the significant uncertainty across the global economic landscape and defense spending environment. In light of this and in keeping with our focus on operations, acquisitions are not a near-term priority. We will pursue only those transactions which are realistically valued and which represent a good fit within the framework and underlying business strategies of our business units.  The strength of General Dynamics' balance sheet and our expectation for strong and sustainable cash flows provide ample opportunity to reward shareholders. On March 6, 2013, the Board of Directors increased the dividend 9.8 percent from $0.51 to $0.56, the 16th consecutive annual increase. Share repurchases may also provide a basis for improving shareholder value if judiciously employed when the market presents appropriate opportunities.  Our experienced operational leadership, agile business model, diversified portfolio, ability to convert earnings into cash and robust balance sheet position your company well for both the challenges and opportunities ahead. General Dynamics' customers rely upon this company to provide the most affordable and capable products. Our shareholders expect consistent value creation. We remain committed to fulfilling our obligations to our customers and shareholders alike through superb execution and prudent capital stewardship.

Phebe N. Novakovic Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 6, 2013

