   as you may Have Heard, we sold tHe wasHington Post to JeFF Bezos, tHe Founder oF amazon.com, last year.
to our shareholders
As you may have heard, we sold The Washington Post to Jeff Bezos, the founder of Amazon.com, last year.
Obviously, this was the most important thing our Company did in the past 12 months. But I’d like to spend most of this report on the future of the Company we own today, now known as Graham Holdings. Following this letter, I’ve included the statement I made about the sale at the time it was announced. The only thing I’d add is that after four months, Jeff appears to be as good an owner as I had hoped. The paper itself is excellent.
333
The sale and a couple of related events had a positive impact on our balance sheet. At year- end we had almost $1.2 billion in cash and secu- rities against $451 million in debt.
This cash position will be strengthened some- time in 2014: we’ve announced the sale of the Post building at 1150 15th Street, NW, to Carr Properties for $159 million pre-tax. The cash should hit our balance sheet in the first half of the year. We’ve also announced our intention to sell some land on the Alexandria, Virginia, waterfront (less valuable than the Post site, but meaningful). This may take place in 2014 as well.
333
Our Company owns three large businesses. The largest profit-earner in 2013 (narrowly) was Post–Newsweek Stations.
The year strengthened our belief that PNS has an excellent CEO in Emily Barr, who completed her first full year.
Profits in local TV are much greater in even- numbered (election and Olympic) years than in odd-numbered years. But 2013, when PNS made $171 million in operating income, far out- stripped 2011 ($117 million). And, 2014 should be outstanding: our two largest stations are NBC affiliates and aired the Winter Olympics; Florida, Michigan and Texas will have contested statewide elections.
We welcomed Bert Medina, a longtime Miami broadcaster, to lead WPLG and to broaden its reach in the market. Our Detroit and San Antonio stations and our amazing Jacksonville independent continued to lead their markets in news. Houston and Orlando had genuine rat- ings momentum as the year ended.
333
Headquartered in Phoenix and serving smaller markets in the West, Midwest and South, Cable
2 | GRAHAM HOLDINGS COMPANY

ONE continues to move astutely with rapidly changing times.
We once had a monopoly in video program- ming in our markets. Those days seem long ago, but Cable ONE management has smartly modified its strategy to stay ahead.
We now focus on the lifetime value of subscribers more than on the absolute number of subscrib- ers. Today, Cable ONE carefully targets marketing and service at customers who produce the great- est free cash flow. They are more likely to buy Internet service than video service, they churn away less and they pay on time. Cable ONE now installs 75% more new Internet customers each month than new video customers. Bad debt is down 30% compared to 2012. Sales to business customers is our other focus—and for good rea- sons. Business sales were up more than 20% for the fourth straight year. With higher revenue and lower churn than residential customers, business customers also have superior lifetime value.
Cable ONE is changing, rapidly and dramati- cally, along with its industry. There’s no telling what all the changes will mean to Cable ONE long term, but so far, so good. Since 1993, when CEO Tom Might moved there, the company has evolved at speed and as needed to stay ahead. It seems unreasonable that such a small company
could perform as well as “the big guys” all these years, when programming and technology costs always threaten to increase significantly. But with clever management who think outside the box, Cable ONE has thrived without economies of scale. The next couple of years look good.
333
Much of this report will focus on the future of Kaplan and, particularly, on what seems to me a truly illogical and unreasoning threat to our U.S. higher education business.
Absent such a regulatory threat, the outlook for Kaplan and for each of Kaplan’s businesses would be bright. I’ll deal with the regulatory issues last.
Kaplan Test Prep came back after down years in 2011 and 2012. You couldn’t have had a much worse test-taking climate—the decline in LSAT test-takers was widely written about, and GMAT test-takers fell, too. But KTP improved its posi- tion this year—another strong performance by veteran CEO John Polstein and his team, who promised improvement and came through.
Meanwhile, Kaplan International, a division made up of many businesses in many countries, had another strong year. One disappointing 2011 acqui- sition in Australia has cost us $65 million. Those
2013 ANNUAL REPORT | 3
  mucH oF tHis rePort will Focus on tHe Future oF KaPlan and, Particu- larly, on wHat seems to me a truly illogical and unreasoning tHreat to our u.s. HigHer education Business.
 
  tHe u.s. sHould Become numBer one in tHe world again in tHe Percent- age oF adults wHo graduate From college.
 costs are done with, and Kaplan International, under David Jones, looks good as 2014 begins. We see plenty of room for growth ahead, and we start with a platform of high-quality programs. Kaplan’s institutions received top rankings in three of our key international markets: Singapore, for most- preferred private higher education institution; the U.K., for student satisfaction in online higher education; and Ireland, for best business school.
Our U.S. higher education business is in ques- tion, not because Kaplan doesn’t offer good programs or because students don’t want them.
To begin with, the Obama administration’s broad policy on higher education seems to me exactly right. It’s also clear: the U.S. should become number one in the world again in the percent- age of adults who graduate from college.
The administration argues:
3 To achieve this, colleges have to control their tuition costs.
3 All colleges should focus on enrolling more lower-income students and on seeing to it that they graduate.
3 The degree itself should be valuable.
I agree with all these, and so do Andy Rosen and Tom Leppert, Kaplan’s top executives. We’d dif- fer from the administration with the measure- ment of the last item only. The administration would like to measure the salaries of recent graduates. Since this means that the measured value of a degree would vary with the econ- omy (the salaries of recent graduates at every university were better in 2007 than in 2009), it seems to make more sense to measure what students actually learn while they are enrolled. But this is a small difference.
Lower cost. More access for low-income stu- dents. Better learning outcomes. Kaplan is working on all these things. And, we’d love to work collaboratively with the administration.
Here’s the problem: the administration’s agenda is different when it comes to private-sector (“for-profit”) higher education. Their agenda does not focus on helping students if they choose private-sector institutions. It seems to focus on punishing companies in the sector, and on punishing them no matter how good a job they do at educating low-income students.
In 2010, the administration proposed drastic new regulations for colleges like Kaplan—regulations that applied, for the most part, only to colleges
4 | GRAHAM HOLDINGS COMPANY

in the private sector. These regulations sought to define whether our education prepared stu- dents for “gainful employment.” The regulations weren’t required by an act of Congress; they were initiated by a couple of administration offi- cials with a career-long hatred for the sector.
The core of the regulations sought to define how much income students “should” have (in the regulators’ opinion) relative to their student debt load.
Among our problems with the proposed regulations:
1. We couldn’t see the data on students’ incomes. It was derived from Social Security data, available to the government, but not to us. The government does make mistakes; we’d have no way to challenge them.
2. The government wanted to see graduates repaying a portion of the principal on their student loans. This was a key part of its def- inition of “gainful employment.” But at the same time, the Department of Education was offering low-income students several ways to pay back their student loans that did not require any repayment of princi- pal for years. These students would be fully compliant in paying back their stu- dent loans, but they would count as a bad mark for the colleges that educated them. Our reluctant solution: educate fewer low- income students.
3. The metrics chosen seemed to us completely arbitrary—and this was also the opinion of the Obama-appointed federal judge who threw the regulations out. He said that the reasoning used to justify a key number in the regulations would have justified any other number just as well (a pretty good definition of “arbitrary”).
As soon as the 2010 regulations were proposed, Kaplan began taking steps to comply with them. Under the proposed regulations, it was clear that the lowest-income students posed the greatest risks. (And the risks were huge: violating some of the regulations meant, in essence, being shut down by the government.)
So we reluctantly began cutting back our offer- ings of many programs that had been serving low-income students:
KAPLAN HIGHER EDUCATION STUDENT ENROLLMENTS
(in thousands, as of September 30) 112
     2013 ANNUAL REPORT | 5
2010
80 73 65
2011 2012 2013
The regulations and our response weren’t the only factors driving down enrollments: the econ- omy was important, as well. There was another significant factor in our lowered student count, one that we, as owners, should be very proud of:
 
  we initiated tHe KaPlan commitment. students wHo enroll in our Programs are given wHat migHt Be called a trial Period oF several weeKs, during wHicH tHey owe no tuition (and, tHereFore, incur no deBt) unless tHey liKe wHat tHey see.
we initiated the Kaplan Commitment. Students who enroll in our programs are given what might be called a trial period of several weeks, during which they owe no tuition (and, therefore, incur no debt) unless they like what they see. We did this at enormous expense. (We estimate it has cost us more than $100 million since its incep- tion in late 2010.) We did it to be very clear that no student was being improperly recruited to Kaplan, as a student can withdraw for any rea- son, without payment, during the trial period.
The judge’s ruling gave the administration a chance to consider a different course. Instead, it has indicated it will propose a new set of reg- ulations that are harsher in every respect.
If the administration wants more low-income students to go to college, we at Kaplan would be excited to educate many more. Just cancel the proposed regulations.
But is this a good idea for students? Does Kaplan, in fact, offer a worthwhile education?
Such an education could be defined in two ways: 1. How much do students learn?
2. Do they get jobs after graduation?
To address the first question, Kaplan University asks freshmen and seniors to take a standard- ized test, one offered at hundreds of colleges by the Educational Testing Service. We’ve done this for years—and the results indicate our seniors consistently score higher than our freshmen by an amount greater than the average at other U.S. colleges. In the National Survey of Student Engagement, which collects information at hun- dreds of four-year colleges and universities, Kaplan University gets higher scores than the national average in such indicators as effective teaching practices, quality of interactions, learn- ing strategies and higher-order learning.
And, while I hesitate to cite college rankings, I will note that Kaplan University was ranked as one of the “Best Online Programs” for bache- lor’s degrees in the ubiquitous U.S. News ratings. Kaplan University was ranked in the top 20% of the nearly 300 programs that participated in the survey. By these and other measures, Kaplan’s enormous investment in curriculum, technology, faculty, learning science and student support, as well as its deep commitment to helping stu- dents succeed, is paying off.
As to job placement, it is safe to say that no reader of this report attended a college where
 6 | GRAHAM HOLDINGS COMPANY

 job placement plays as great a role as it does at Kaplan’s campuses. For openers, the placement director reports to the president of the campus and is a key member of the president’s team.
Our job is to get jobs for our students. When pol- icy leaders in Washington are willing, I like to take them to KU’s campus in Hagerstown, Maryland, where President Chris Motz and his team (KU’s leaders, in this respect) have achieved an employ- ment rate of well over 90% for three years in a county with persistently high unemployment.
As we’ve engaged with legislators, regulators and policymakers, many have asked us: “How do we punish the bad actors in private-sector education?”
There are plenty of ways to do that. But we can tell anyone who cares that today’s federal regulations and those that are being planned absolutely punish the good providers in the pri- vate sector—those who are seeking to provide a quality education for students who need one.
I’ve saved the issue of tuition for last, since our answer is so clear:
1. Kaplan’s Mount Washington College is offering a bachelor’s degree in business or information
technology for a total (not annual) cost of under $25,000 if a student takes four years to complete the program, or under $20,000 if the student pursues the program without any breaks.
2. We would lower the cost of some of our degree programs today if federal regulations permitted. We would, therefore, suggest a simple law we think would pass Congress unanimously. No federal regulation should be invoked to prevent any college from lowering its tuition. (I’ve covered this subject in past annual reports and will be pleased to write about it again, to anyone who wonders how federal regulations could be increasing col- lege prices in our sector.)
In short:
1. We are willing to lead the way in holding down or lowering our tuition;
2. We are willing to lead the way in enrolling more low-income students; and
3. We are willing to lead the way in demon- strating how much students learn while they are enrolled in our programs.
2013 ANNUAL REPORT | 7
  KaPlan’s enormous investment in curriculum, tecHnology, Faculty, learning science and student suPPort, as well as its deeP commitment to HelPing students succeed, is Paying oFF.

  aFter all But douBling BooKings in 2012, socialcode triPled tHem in 2013. watcH its Future: socialcode is now signiFicant to our comPany.
But the regulations, planned primarily for our sector, will have the opposite effects: higher prices and thousands fewer low-income stu- dents enrolled.
Shareholders need to know that we are opposing these regulations as strongly as we can. But they pose a challenge to Kaplan University’s future ability to serve students.
333
Finally, our smallest businesses. We acquired Forney, a maker of safety-related equipment for power plants, from United Technologies last year. Forney is ably managed by Tom Demrick and his team. It should be a small but steady source of profit for our Company and one that we can be proud of.
Celtic Healthcare had an excellent year under Arnie Burchianti’s and Kurt Baumgartel’s management. We added some very small acquisitions in counties adjoining Celtic’s Pennsylvania territories.
Home health and hospice care are businesses we can expand in—but they are a management challenge. Celtic is outstanding; it is a for-profit health care company that keeps its emphasis on care. We hope to grow at a modest pace, always maintaining our emphasis on quality.
A business growing at a much faster pace is SocialCode, our social-media marketing tech- nology company, run by Laura O’Shaughnessy and John Alderman.
Laura and John have built an amazing team and products that help the world’s largest companies get the most out of social net- works—Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and, now, Instagram. SocialCode has become a leader in managing social advertising and consumer intelligence for brands.
In early 2013, Laura and John hired chief rev- enue officer Bill Masterson, and SocialCode’s growth took off. After all but doubling book- ings in 2012, SocialCode almost tripled them in 2013. Watch its future: SocialCode is now sig- nificant to our Company. It is a leading business in a field where others have achieved values in the hundreds of millions.
The former WaPo Labs team remained with our Company and has been renamed Trove— that’s also the name of the new news app the team debuted on the iPhone and iPad in January 2014. The app encourages anyone— expert or ordinary reader—to edit and com- ment on favorite news topics. It’s somewhat addictive. A New York Times reviewer agreed in a piece headlined, “Trove Is a Treasure for News Junkies.”
 8 | GRAHAM HOLDINGS COMPANY

 333
No writing about this Company would be com- plete without a few words about our pension fund. (NOTE TO SHAREHOLDERS: You should actually read this section—you won’t under- stand our 2014 earnings fully unless you do.)
Because Katharine Graham, then CEO of The Washington Post Company, took some excel- lent pension-investing advice from Warren Buffett in the late 1970s, our pension fund is now more than $1.2 billion overfunded. (This, after we transferred more than $300 million in pension assets to Jeff Bezos to fund the pen- sions for active Washington Post employees.)
The rate of growth in our pension assets was so great that we will be booking an estimated $65 million “pension credit” as part of our 2014 earnings. It is good for a company to have a well-funded pension plan.
But the “pension credit” is not only noncash, but completely meaningless. Shareholders should ignore it (even though it makes our earnings look better) in considering the value of our Company.
Going forward, we’ll be taking advantage of our strong financial position to help the Company grow. We can invest by buying com- panies, repurchasing our own stock when prices make it appropriate or buying stock in other companies. (At the end of 2013, our Berkshire Hathaway stake was worth more than $400 million.)
We are completely open to purchasing busi- nesses in unrelated fields if we can understand them; if they have a demonstrated record of profitability; and if they come with strong man- agers who want to stay with the businesses and run them after the sale. We’ll be a far bet- ter home for such companies than financial firms that must flip them to new buyers in a few years. We want to see our new businesses grow along with our Company.
Donald E. Graham
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
February 21, 2014
2013 ANNUAL REPORT | 9
 going Forward, we’ll Be taKing advantage oF our strong Financial Position to HelP tHe comPany grow. we can invest By Buying comPanies, rePurcHasing our own stocK wHen Prices maKe it aPProPriate or Buy- ing stocK in otHer comPanies.
 