  tO OUR sHaREHOldERs
We are pleased to report that graham Holdings had a better year in 2016 than in 2015. there was no single action that drove most of our progress. a combination of continued focus on cost reductions and operating margin improvements, moderate investments in organic growth initiatives, acquisitions in line with our investment philosophy and divestment of non-core businesses and assets all made meaningful contributions to our results this year.
More specifically, Kaplan and graham Media group, our two major operating units, each reported improved results, and our Other Businesses showed positive trends on both the top and bottom lines.
Operating income for the company rose to $304 mil- lion in 2016, up from an operating loss of $81 million in 2015. to be fair to 2015, however, i should note that a non-cash impairment charge at our Higher Education business of just under $260 million greatly diminished last year’s reported results. adjusting for that charge diminishes the scale of 2016’s improve- ment; but, nonetheless, adjusted operating income (non-gaaP) increased by $127 million.(1)
Revenue for 2016 continued its multi-year downward progression, declining by just under 4%, from $2.586 billion to $2.482 billion. Revenue declines at Kaplan,
most significantly at Kaplan University, were somewhat offset by improvements at other businesses.
total adjusted operating expenses (non-gaaP) declined in 2016 by 9%(1) led by the reset cost structures at the Kaplan and graham Holdings corporate offices. Much of the major restructuring has been completed, and we continue to look for ways to spend our dollars more efficiently. i don’t think costs will be reduced again as substantially as they were in late 2015 and early 2016, but we are committed to remaining as lean at the cor- porate level as we can and focusing our expenses on those that are necessary for the company. Our margin of safety as a company will increase with an improved operating margin. Below, i once again include a graphic that tracks our adjusted operating income margin (non-gaaP) of 10.7%(1) in 2016 and improve- ments or declines as compared to recent years.
  (1)ADjusteD OperAtINg INCOme mArgIN (NON-gAAp)
(in thousands) Operating Revenues Operating Expenses
Less: Impairment of Goodwill and Other Long-lived Assets Less: Amortization of Intangible Assets
Add: Net Pension Credit
Adjusted Operating Expenses* (non-GAAP)
Adjusted Operating Income** (non-GAAP)
Adjusted Operating Income Margin*** (non-GAAP)
2016
$2,481,890 2,178,356
(1,603) (26,671)
67,097 $2,217,179 $ 264,711
10.7%
2015
$2,586,114 2,666,939
(259,700) (19,017)
60,557
$2,448,779
$ 137,335
5.3%
2014
$2,737,032 2,504,312
(17,302) (18,187) 64,780
$2,533,603
$ 203,429
7.4%
2013
$2,600,602 2,451,168
(3,250) (11,919)
20,727
$2,456,726
$ 143,876
5.5%
     *Adjusted Operating Expenses (non-GAAP) is calculated as Operating Expenses excluding impairment of goodwill and other long-lived assets, amortization of intangible assets and net pension credit.
**Adjusted Operating Income (non-GAAP) is calculated as Operating Revenues, less Adjusted Operating Expenses (non-GAAP).
***Adjusted Operating Income Margin (non-GAAP) is calculated as Adjusted Operating Income (non-GAAP) divided by Operating Revenues.
 2 2016 ANNUAL REPORT

   Graham Media Group delivered again in 2016. Boosted by both the Olympics and political advertising, GMG delivered its largest ever operating income year.
While in 2016 we were able to increase operating income in the face of revenue declines, we know this is most unusual and ruefully acknowledge we have not found some new business formula buried in the depths of a “graham & dodd” book. in order to achieve the long-term operating income growth we believe possible, we need to return to top-line growth; more on that later in this letter.
So what decisions did we make in 2016?
in 2016, we continued the portfolio shift that was enabled, and in many ways necessitated, by the cable OnE spin-off in 2015. Here is a brief list of what we did:
u We agreed to acquire two broadcast television stations within graham Media group. the deal was completed in January 2017.
u We closed on our acquisition of Mander Portman Woodward (MPW), a set of sixth-form schools in the U.K. We have been very pleased with the first year of operations at MPW. in conjunction with the acquisition, we took out £75 million in debt at what we believe are favorable terms.
u dekko acquired Electri-cable assemblies as a tuck-in to its business, which further strengthens its power and data business.
u We merged our two healthcare businesses to achieve greater scale and operating efficiency.
u We sold colloquy, a unit of Kaplan that offered online learning solutions to colleges and universi- ties, as it did not meet our financial objectives.
u We sold our long-held waterfront real estate located in alexandria, Va.
u We opportunistically repurchased shares of our stock throughout the year. Outstanding shares in the company went down by about 4% at a cost of $109 million.
graham Media group delivered again in 2016. Boosted by both the Olympics and political adver- tising, gMg delivered its largest ever operating income year. the stations, in most cases, managed to add to their leads in terms of local rankings. Our investment in increased news programming over the past several years has created unique content and brand attachment that allowed many of our stations to navigate the trend away from linear television bet- ter than most.
Perhaps most impressively, WKMg, our cBs affiliate in Orlando led by Jeff Hoffman, wins the award for most improved. Jeff grew our rankings in nearly every time slot as compared to prior years, all while provid- ing tremendous coverage of the Pulse nightclub shooting and Hurricane Matthew. Jeff’s performance fits right in with the rest of our station managers at graham Media group. Whether it be an all-time high in broadcast cash flow at WJXt, or becoming the leader in key time slots at KPRc, or having a market leading share by a tremendous margin like that at Ksat, or deftly navigating a challenging market like WdiV, each one of our stations performed optimally and made us proud.
in May, we announced we were buying WcWJ in Jacksonville and Wsls in Roanoke from nexstar and Media general in conjunction with their merger.
 2016 ANNUAL REPORT 3

 if you told me on January 1, 2016, that we would sign an agreement to acquire two broadcast tV stations five months later, i would not have believed you. the circumstances that led to our ownership of WcWJ and Wsls are unlikely to occur again, and, indeed, i still pinch myself they happened at all. My view that the long-term future of broadcast tV is a cloudy crys- tal ball remains unchanged. However, when you can own two stations in the market and strengthen your affiliation with nBc, while doing so at a decent price for shareholders, you make the deal. Our overfunded retirement plan helped us, as we assumed some of the pension liabilities of the seller.
Kaplan had a year of mixed results, but the overall picture was an improvement from the previous year. Operating income increased from 2015 largely due to reduced restructuring charges and lower over- head. Operating results at several Kaplan units were substantially hurt by the strength of the U.s. dollar; that, combined with continued headwinds at Kaplan University, led to a mixed year of operating results overall. the strength of the U.s. dollar and other geopolitical events led our English-language busi- ness to suffer its worst year under graham Holdings ownership. a reduced cost structure implemented in late 2016 should allow us to reap the benefits of improved results if the operating environment for that industry stabilizes or improves, as we believe it will.
Of Kaplan’s larger businesses, one of the biggest economic engines for Kaplan is now the Kaplan Professional Education business, or KPE, led by andy temte. KPE provides best-in-class training and preparation for corporate clients in areas such as the series 7 and cFa exams. as a shareholder, you should get to know this business. as long as corporations
need to provide ongoing training, certification, continuing education and professional development for their employees, Kaplan Professional will be a key partner. it is important to understand that this is a cyclical business, and the results may be uneven from year to year. in economic cycles where hiring is dampened, less training is usually needed. While others may fret when the inevitable down cycles occur, we view them as opportunities to go shopping to build out our product offerings, while not paying peak market prices.
My belief is that under andy Rosen, Kaplan’s results will improve more years than not. His efforts from years ago provided the company with new platforms on which to build and proved to be a godsend when Kaplan University encountered turbulence. Had andy not invested in our Professional Education and Kaplan international businesses, the Kaplan story would be much different today.
How does Kaplan grow revenue going forward? Our ability to recruit high quality students from dozens of countries is a key advantage, the envy of our com- petitors and the strongest moat in Kaplan’s business. Kaplan will focus on strengthening this moat and finding new business opportunities that can leverage it further. MPW was one such example in 2016 — our ability to recruit international students into MPW should make it a much better business — and our hope is that it will not be the last. How we tap into this ability over the coming years could likely determine the future performance of Kaplan and be the best place for Kaplan to find attractive investment returns.
By nature, i hesitate to offer predictions, but when they are near certainties, i think it is in the best interest of shareholders that i do: it will be close to
  How does Kaplan grow revenue going forward? Our ability to recruit high quality students from dozens of countries is a key advantage, the envy of our competitors and the strongest moat in Kaplan’s business.
 4 2016 ANNUAL REPORT

   . . . However, we do expect our non-GMG and KU businesses to grow in 2017 and become more meaningful contributors to the operating income pie than in years past.
impossible for 2017 to be a repeat of 2016, and we will almost certainly report a decline in operating income for 2017. With no Olympics revenue, minimal political advertising and a very favorable network compensation agreement with nBc ending in 2016, graham Media group will report lower results. Emily Barr and her team will navigate these waters well; but, when gMg’s expected declines are combined with the continued headwinds at Kaplan University, it will be extraordinarily difficult for the other busi- nesses to fill the gap. However, we do expect our non-gMg and KU businesses to grow in 2017 and become more meaningful contributors to the oper- ating income pie than in years past.
Where does value come from moving forward?
i believe the job of the management team at graham Holdings falls into three buckets: 1) how well we run our existing businesses; 2) our skill in investing the cash they generate; and 3) our ability to create organic growth. i thought it would be useful to take a tour of our thoughts on each of these subjects in the second portion of this letter.
How do we run our existing businesses?
Our effectiveness at running our existing businesses is largely tied to the quality of the managers in charge. Our decentralized operating structure puts a premium on having first-class leaders at the helm of our businesses. We’ve been lucky to have Emily Barr and andy Rosen involved in the company for
years. they embody the culture and spirit of graham Holdings and understand that there is greater grati- fication in two dollars tomorrow than a dollar today. in the same vein, we have cultivated a number of talented up and coming managers to rise to the level of executive leadership. One such leader is laura O’shaughnessy. While i may be somewhat biased (i am writing about my wife), laura has become a star leader at socialcode and has a real opportunity to build a strong long-term business for gHc. she has consistently focused on high-quality offerings for socialcode’s clients, while keeping the costs of the business in check. We are lucky to have the set of leaders that we do.
We want our larger businesses to maintain an oper- ating margin of at least 10%. the reason for this is simple: it is our belief that anything less than 10% does not provide the margin of safety to be able to reinvest in the business when it is logical to do so, or to withstand the inevitable bumps in the road, whether they be macroeconomic, regulatory or otherwise. graham Holdings as a whole has been working hard to achieve this goal, while also work- ing with our operating companies to achieve and exceed the 10% target.
How do we reinvest cash generated?
there are four things we consider doing with our capital: invest in existing businesses, acquire new businesses, repurchase shares and pay dividends. in 2016, we did all four of these things, although i suspect this may not be true every year.
 2016 ANNUAL REPORT 5

 Our preference is to allocate capital into our existing businesses. We know the management, understand the businesses and think our best returns will be found here because of those two things. When we look outside of our existing businesses, we have a very high set of criteria to compensate for the inher- ent unknown associated with businesses we don’t already own:
u Well-run, profitable businesses in fields we can understand
u strong management with a dedication to continu- ing to run the business
u Businesses we believe have at least 10 years of stable or growing earnings ahead of them
u Reinvestment opportunities that are readily apparent within the business
if these look familiar to you that is because they are the same criteria i shared with you in the 2015 letter and are the criteria i have used since i joined the business in 2014. We think they have served us well and will continue to do so.
How do we think about organic growth?
One fundamental belief we have is that cash is cash. Whether a dollar is used in an acquisition, as capital investment, or to develop a new business idea, our bank account is debited that dollar. Our treasury balance seems not to care if an investment is clas- sified as M&a, capEx or a reduction in operating income; and, neither do we. We believe our cash outlays should be measured solely on the basis of the potential for attractive returns, and we should
pay little attention to accounting classification when making investment decisions. the fallacy that all cash is not created equal often leads to a preference for acquisition because the fear of being misunderstood on organic investments is so great. this simply is not the case at graham Holdings.
We think at times there are attractive business opportunities — both within existing businesses and, occasionally, when evaluating an entirely new busi- ness. several examples of these exist within our companies. at Kaplan, our Pathways business started organically and needed the ability to stomach several years of development costs. through nearly a decade of results, the return on invested capital of this busi- ness looks very good with much runway ahead of it. socialcode was a new business started entirely from scratch in 2010 and now has the potential to become a meaningful contributor to overall company value and has reduced its capital needs as it has begun to achieve scale. More recently, we’ve started two new businesses for which we are optimistic: Panoply, an on-demand audio company that is quickly becoming one of the leaders in the nascent podcasting industry; and, cyberVista, a cybersecurity training and work- force development company. not all of these bets will work out, and it takes strong organizational dis- cipline to ensure that new initiatives do not become new entitlement programs. Our commitment to you is that we will maintain constant vigilance in assessing the progress of new business initiatives. Even so, we will undoubtedly determine some of these efforts are ill fated. When that happens, we will stop the initiative, study to learn where we went wrong and look at the increased operating income due to the discontinued operational investment as the silver lining.
   We believe our cash outlays should be measured solely on the basis of the potential for attractive returns, and we should pay little attention to accounting classification when making investment decisions.
 6 2016 ANNUAL REPORT

   We continue to believe we have a unique platform that combines a long-term viewpoint and patient deployment of capital with a focus on growing intrinsic value per share for you, our partner.
if most years could be like 2016, i would take them in a heartbeat; but, i wouldn’t take everything about last year. gerry Rosberg, our longtime senior Vice President of strategy and Planning, retired from the company in July. gerry joined the Washington Post company in 1996 and was responsible for an untold number of good decisions in the company’s history, including our classified Ventures investment and many of our Kaplan acquisitions that proved to be critical in growing the company. the best part about gerry is not his deal-making abilities, even though that was a core part of his job description; rather, gerry made everyone around him better. He led by example, took self-sacrifice to an absurd level and looked to pass credit to others, even when he was most deserving.
Hal Jones, senior Vice President and chief Financial Officer, also announced that he will retire in early 2017 after 28 years of service. For those who know Hal, you know he is defined by conservative accounting posi- tions, strong ethical commitment and little hesitation in speaking his mind. He took over as cFO just prior to the financial crisis, staring down the barrel of $400 million in debt due in February 2009. (Keen observers may note the market ultimately bottomed in March 2009.) Hal navigated those waters with the same calm steady hand you’ve seen through the past nine years.
simply put, gerry and Hal are two of the best examples of the culture and spirit that drove the Washington Post company and what now drives
graham Holdings company. they helped shape the culture and environment of the modern-day gHc, and we were lucky to have them for so long.
Hal will be succeeded by Wallace cooney. Wally has served as the chief accounting Officer of the company for the past nine years and previously served as the controller. the depth and breadth of his experience will serve our company well, and i am thrilled to have him at my side in his new role. gerry will be succeeded by Jake Maas, a seasoned executive who joined gHc in 2015. Jake hit the ground running since he arrived and has been involved in every transaction as part of the senior leadership team.
We continue to believe we have a unique platform that combines a long-term viewpoint and patient deployment of capital with a focus on growing intrinsic value per share for you, our partner. We are fortunate to have great leaders at our businesses to help drive our results day in and day out. Management takes its role as stewards of your capital with the utmost seriousness, and it permeates our thinking daily. We think our formula will provide elevated returns to you over time. We look forward to continuing to partner with you and thank you for the confidence you have placed in us.
Timothy J. O’Shaughnessy
President and Chief Executive Officer
February 24, 2017
 2016 ANNUAL REPORT 7
