    2
To Our Shareholders
A change in leadership often raises questions about a company. This may be especially relevant for one like Graham Holdings, which has had remarkable stability in its senior leadership and has operated under the same guiding principles for a very long time. If you’re reading this, it’s likely you’re already a shareholder and have an understanding of the values, ethics, and judgment of the past leaders. Understandably, you’re going to wonder what’s going to change in the years ahead. I’ve tried to anticipate your questions and answer them. But at the risk of being a spoiler, the axis on which the Graham Holdings world turns won’t be drastically tipped.
It’s hard to call 2015 anythIng other than a year of tremendous change and movement.
There are two main pieces I’d like to cover: where Graham Holdings is today and what we envision for the future of the Company. Hopefully, this letter will provide a clear assessment of the Company’s performance, while laying out some principles for future operations.
The present:
What happened in 2015, and how do the changes this year position us for the future?
It’s hard to call 2015 anything other than a year of tremendous change and movement:
n Cable ONE began trading July 1 as an independent company as a result of a spin-off and provided a
dividend of $450 million to Graham Holdings as part of the spin-off transaction.
n Andy Rosen returned as CEO of Kaplan. As Kaplan reshapes itself, I can think of no better leader to be at the helm.
n We completed the sale of our U.S. vocational campuses to Education Corporation of America. This concluded a long process to help those cam- puses, which were operating in an increasingly tough regulatory and competitive environment, find a good long-term home.
n In November, Don Graham transitioned from the CEO role, and I took the reins. Don remains active as Chairman of the Board.
n We added to our industrials sector with the purchase of Group Dekko, an Indiana based custom manu- facturer of electrical products and components run by John May, an experienced CEO.
n Kaplan signed an agreement to purchase Mander Portman Woodward, a group of sixth-form colleges in the United Kingdom, and the transaction closed in early 2016.
n A fresh look at our cost structure is expected to yield over $50 million in annualized cost savings. We expect to see the benefits of these actions over the course of 2016.
For many years, Graham Holdings predominantly consisted of high-margin media businesses. Over the past 5 years that has changed dramatically,
 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
 
  although not entirely, thanks to our wonderful TV station group, Graham Media Group (GMG). The average operating income margin for Graham Holdings (before impairments of goodwill and other long-lived assets and amortization of intangible assets) over the last 3 years has been 7.9%.(1) In 2015, we focused much effort on improving corporate cost structures, both within subsidiaries and at the parent level. We think these changes align well with our decentralized operating model and in some cases will yield operational improvements. We don’t view this as a one-time effort, but rather a shift in our operational thinking. Any cost that does not drive revenue or enhance the quality of our products such that it will improve revenue in the long run will be ruthlessly scrutinized as to its necessity. Our view is that companies that keep their non-strategic costs lower than average will perform the best over time when compared with their peers.
The divestitures, spin-off, and restructuring, when combined with several accounting treatments required by GAAP, made our underlying business performance a bit more difficult to track than in most previous years. We expect much of that heavy
(1)Adjusted OperAting incOme mArgin (nOn-gAAp)
(in thousands)
Operating (Loss) Income, as reported
Plus: Impairment of Goodwill and Other Long-Lived Assets Plus: Amortization of Intangible Assets
Adjusted Operating Income (non-GAAP) Operating Revenues
Adjusted Operating Income Margin* (non-GAAP)
Average Adjusted Operating Income Margin (non-GAAP) (2013-2015)
 When graham holdIngs consIders buyIng a busIness, one of the questIons We ask Is, “could We see ourselves oWnIng thIs busIness for the next 20 to 30 years?”
lifting has been completed, and it will be much easier to follow our business performance in 2016.
The Cable ONE spin-off deserves some additional attention. As a business, Cable ONE made up roughly half of the pre spin-off operating income and one-third of the cash flow of Graham Holdings. It’s nowhere near an overstatement to say that this was a critically important decision for both the futures of Cable ONE and GHC. When Graham Holdings considers buying a business, one of the questions we ask is, “Could we see ourselves owning this business for the next 20 to 30 years?” The example of Cable ONE, purchased in 1986, shows the wisdom in such a question.
2015
$ (80,825) 259,700 19,017
$ 197,892 $2,586,114 7.7%
7.9%
$
2014
232,720 17,302 18,187
$
2013
149,434 3,250 11,919
  $ $2,737,032
268,209 9.8%
$ $2,600,602
164,603 6.3%
   *Adjusted Operating Income Margin (non-GAAP) is calculated as Adjusted Operating Income (non-GAAP) divided by Operating Revenues.
2015 ANNUAL REPORT
3
   
    4
CEO Tom Might navigated the spin-off with his typical deft and straightforward manner. He has continued to do a splendid job at Cable ONE, looking increasingly smart for his understanding of the future of video in the cable industry. Tom deserves an enormous thank you on behalf of all Graham Holdings shareholders.
the fInancIal poWerhouse for ghc In 2015 Was our tv statIon busIness, graham medIa group, led by emIly barr. the results she puts forWard sImply amaze me.
As part of the spin-off, we received a dividend of $450 million. This was roughly equivalent to the tax basis of Cable ONE and provides us with incremental capital to continue to re-shape our business.
The financial powerhouse for GHC in 2015 was our TV station business, Graham Media Group, led by Emily Barr. The results she puts forward simply amaze me. Emily seems to have forgotten that in 2014, we traded a TV station to Berkshire Hathaway, as part of a broader transaction in which we repurchased a significant block of our own stock. Her results from five stations now rival many years of results from six stations! The station managers collectively deserve a round of applause, with the performance of KPRC in Houston, led by Jerry Martin, getting the final bow. GMG continues to explore original local program- ming, as well as improved mobile experiences for
local news. Initial progress on both initiatives shows real promise. The team at WDIV, led by Marla Drutz, has become the number one broadcast online news source with www.clickondetroit.com, which is a leader in online local news in Detroit. News4Jax.com, the online companion to our highly successful local television station, WJXT in Jacksonville, is led by Bob Ellis and is the clear leader in online local news with more users than any other Jacksonville print or broadcast outlet.
Kaplan had a year of tremendous change, some expected and some less so. In September of this year, Kaplan closed a transaction with Education Corporation of America to sell our Higher Education vocational campuses. (We continue to operate Kaplan University, which has 14 campuses and one learning center but serves the majority of its students online.) The time from deal announcement to close (7 months) speaks to the complexity of such a transaction, both in terms of operations and regulatory approvals. In fact, it was one of the very few transactions of any scale that has occurred in the domestic private-sector higher education space in the past 5 years. I’d like to thank Matt Seelye and Jerry Dervin, finance chiefs of Kaplan and Kaplan’s higher education business, for their tireless efforts in guiding this sale to a successful conclusion.
Another big change at Kaplan in 2015 was the return of Andy Rosen as CEO. Andy had spent much of the past 2 years as Chairman of Kaplan, as well as helping oversee several businesses from the Graham Holdings corporate office. It became clear that Kaplan needed to move to a more decentralized operating structure, to increase profitability and set the stage for a return
 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
 
  to growth. Andy’s fluency with the organization and ability to quickly drive change has helped position Kaplan for a much improved 2016.
Kaplan University still has many battles ahead, on both the regulatory and competitive fronts. Increased competition from the non-profit sector, misguided regulations that create a risk of “throwing the baby out with the bathwater” and an overall mentality of “guilty until proven innocent” in U.S. private- sector higher education have created a business environment with massive challenges.
We believe the best way to turn the tide at Kaplan University is to continue to focus on successful outcomes for our students. Over the course of 2016, we hope to share data that continually show the value of a KU degree and how we provide career advancement opportunities for an underserved student population. Greg Marino, CEO of Kaplan Higher Education, and his team remain true to this mission despite the obvious difficulties that have been thrown in their path.
An additional area I’d like to touch on briefly is our pension plan. We have a different definition of a unicorn than the version popularized in recent years, and we think ours is much more rare: an overfunded pension plan contributed $62 million in profits in 2015. But if you’re like us, you ignore that number because the earnings are not tied to operations, nor can they be used for corporate investment purposes. We pay much more attention to the funding status.
At the end of 2015, overfunding hovered around $1 billion, even in what was clearly a sub-par year in
We belIeve the best Way to turn the tIde at kaplan unIversIty Is to contInue to focus on successful outcomes for our students.
terms of our pension investment management, with a 6.2% loss on plan assets. We think overfunding is a real resource for Graham Holdings; but, because of the uniqueness of the position, there are few tried and true methods to follow. In 2016, we have a few paths we plan on exploring to see whether we can put that overfunding to work.
Two big changes occurred on the Graham Holdings Board of Directors in 2015, one wonderful and one tragic.
In late 2015, Jim Shelton joined the board. Jim is smart, passionate about ensuring broad access to high- quality education, and acutely aware of where the education sector is headed. Jim most recently served as the U.S. Deputy Secretary of Education where his responsibilities ranged from policy to program implementation. Jim also has a depth of knowledge we hope to tap through his work managing a port- folio of over $2 billion in philanthropic investments while at the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. Jim immediately makes our board stronger as we think through the future of education both domestically and abroad.
In May, Dave Goldberg passed away suddenly. Dave was the CEO of SurveyMonkey and a wonderful
 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
5
   
    6
 for those Who oWned shares durIng donald graham’s steWardshIp, you WItnessed busIness magIc: he sIgnIfIcantly outperformed hIs peers and generated sIgnIfIcant returns durIng hIs nearly 25-year tenure as ceo.
adviser and touch-point into Silicon Valley for Graham Holdings. I first got to know Dave years ago, before I was involved at GHC. As a fellow Minnesota native with an irrational love for the Minnesota Vikings, we hit it off from day one. Dave was a huge contributor to the GHC board and was instrumental in helping SocialCode shape its team and strategy. We are grateful for the time we had with him. We know Graham Holdings is a better company because of Dave’s involvement and that Dave made the world a better place.
What do we envision for the future of Graham Holdings?
Will our core values change?
For those who owned shares during Donald Graham’s stewardship, you witnessed business magic: He significantly outperformed his peers and generated significant returns during his nearly 25-year tenure as CEO. Don took over a newspaper business that had some very good years ahead of it, but eventually faced disruption that humbled even the strongest
players. He navigated this minefield and leaves behind a diversified enterprise with a strong balance sheet and solid growth prospects.
Just as importantly, Don leaves a company whose values are well known to everyone who does business with us: Graham Holdings is honorable in all of its dealings; puts the quality of its products and the success of its customers ahead of its own short-term profits; keeps its word; is a determined but fair competitor and a trustworthy partner; and is an employer that values its employees, has shown great loyalty to them, and has won their loyalty in return. Not coincidentally, these are also Don’s values and those of Katharine Graham, who preceded him. If you were lucky enough to have been a shareholder since the Company went public, then you know the role this Company played in major world events and the values on which it has always operated. You also know that those values have not stood in the way of business success. On the contrary, they have contributed in important ways to the Company’s ability to generate truly remarkable returns for shareholders over many years.
Which brings me to my own core beliefs:
n You are our business partners and co-owners, and we work for you.
n We aim to be one of the most long-term focused, shareholder-friendly companies you can find.
n We will measure our success based on long-term financial results, satisfied customers, and a cul- ture that allows our employees to build careers and prosper.
2015 ANNUAL REPORT
 
  If this sounds like a determination to preserve Don’s legacy, then you read me correctly. It’s not my com- mitment to Don. It’s my commitment to all of you.
How will we allocate capital?
Post cable spin-off, we have become a much smaller company and have turned to the future. First and foremost, we’ll look to build around our existing sectors: education, media, health care, and industrials. The financial quality of our businesses varies, as do the opportunities to deploy capital within them. But I believe we already have businesses that over time we will be able to grow with very nice returns while expanding their moats. We know something about these industries already and quite a bit about the people running these businesses for us. We think the best risk-reward outcomes come from concentrating on this approach.
Our Pathways business is one such example. Run by David Jones, Andrew Thick, and Linda Cowan with operations predominantly in the U.K. and Australia, Pathways offers an opportunity for international students to conduct a year of study at one of our high-end traditional university partners. After a year, most become full-fledged students at the university. Or put another way, they’ve completed a “pathway” to become a full-fledged student at a top Western university. In order to be successful at this business, you must have the ability to recruit qualified students from dozens of countries throughout the world. The Kaplan network of agents and recruitment offices is second to none. Agents are crucial because they are the in-country trusted touch-point for parents and prospective students.
With every new school we add to our Pathways business, we create a stronger selection for students, increase the superiority of our offering, and enhance the agents’ available options to meet the needs of prospective students. These programs offer a huge benefit to partner universities. In fact, if your alma mater could use a financial boost and a more diverse international population, it may help to suggest a Pathways partnership with Kaplan. We’ll look to continue to expand our Pathways offerings over the coming years.
fIrst and foremost, We’ll look to buIld around our exIstIng sectors: educatIon, medIa, health care, and IndustrIals.
In a perfect world, we would be able to allocate all of our capital through a combination of well-priced tuck-in acquisitions and high-confidence organic growth initiatives. However much we’d like that to be the case, it is unlikely to be constantly true. We will be ready to look at new companies when internal returns aren’t compelling. So what are our criteria?
n Well-run, profitable businesses in fields we can understand
n Strong management with a dedication to con- tinuing to run the business
 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
7
   
    8
n Businesses we believe have at least 10 years of stable or growing earnings ahead of them
n Reinvestment opportunities that are readily apparent within the business
Of course, when the opportunity presents itself, we can also buy back our own shares if we believe they’re materially below intrinsic value. The Company has done this in significant quantities over time, but not at regular intervals. This is how we will operate in the future as well. Do not expect us to announce that we will spend a certain amount of money on share buy-backs to be completed in a specific time frame. If our share buy-backs are not below intrinsic value, then we are destroying shareholder value, and we’ll refrain from doing so. We believe this is the best approach to share buy-backs and hope you do too.
One area where I will likely operate differently from Don is in relation to technology and our exist- ing businesses. To understand this better, let me explain how I view many consumer, advertising, and
one area Where I WIll lIkely operate dIfferently from don Is In relatIon to technology and our exIstIng busInesses.
enterprise technology businesses from a capital allocation standpoint. I believe the best times to invest in technology businesses are:
1) When the winner is known in a space we understand
2) When we believe we know something proprietary about a space, and it’s still quite early.
Reflecting on the first, look at how many of the technology verticals have evolved: travel (Expedia), search (Google), retail (Amazon), and reserva- tion systems (OpenTable). They’ve become either winner-take-most or winner-take-all markets. While most of these companies lost a significant amount of money for years in order to gain share, once the battle was won, reduced marketing and sales costs as well as high contribution margin per additional unit sold added considerable operating leverage and strong results. Once a winner is clear, the ability to generate really impressive compound- ing exists as incremental market share is eaten up.
The “winners” are usually too large of a bite for our little company to acquire; but, when we find one that is mispriced in the public markets or that is a rare private market opportunity, we won’t be afraid to take a small bite.
Investing in start-ups is usually a pretty bad idea for Graham Holdings. In general, the failure rate is high; the return on time invested relative to the potential reward is usually quite low. So why would we ever do it? If we believe we have insight into a space that allows us to be advantaged, then we’ll act. This could
 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
 
  take the form of an occasional outside investment or starting a wholly owned business internally, as in the case of SocialCode, our fast-growing technology and insights company that manages digital advertising for many of the world’s leading brands. We will, undoubtedly, swing and miss. But over time we think the returns will be worth the modest effort and capital we put into it. If we find this is not the case, then we’ll stop.
How should you measure us?
Over any extended period of time, we believe that the intrinsic value of the business should roughly align with the share price. To measure intermediate progress, I suggest a four-year rolling average of our normalized EPS growth, compared with the EPS growth of the S&P 1000. Why a four-year rolling average? At present, our five TV stations are the largest income driver for GHC, and they tend to perform significantly better in even years than dur- ing odd ones because of the Olympics and political elections. If it happens to be a presidential election year, then the broadcast business tends to do even better. That makes me quite excited about our TV business in 2016, which will include both a summer Olympics and presidential election. Whenever I run into someone who works in Washington’s main industry, I’ve extolled the benefits of an annual presidential race. Thus far I’ve had little success, but will keep trying!
We still have a great deal of work ahead of us. While we’ve improved our cost structure, we have not yet returned to revenue growth. Material pockets
If We belIeve We have InsIght Into a space that alloWs us
to be advantaged, then We’ll act. thIs could take the form
of an occasIonal outsIde Investment or startIng a Wholly oWned busIness Internally, as
In the case of socIalcode, our fast-groWIng technology and InsIghts company.
of top-line growth exist within the Company, but it takes tremendous lift to offset the declines in revenue associated with Kaplan University and, therefore, at Graham Holdings, as a whole. We have high hopes this will happen over the coming years.
Thank you for the trust you place in us as stewards of GHC. We value our relationship with you as business partners and love the fact you share our long-term focus. This isn’t just another platitude. You can see it reflected in our share volumes. It takes about a year for the entire outstanding share count of Graham Holdings to turn over in the market; at many other companies, this often happens in a matter of weeks or days. Our shareholders invest for years, not quarters, and that’s how we manage the business.
Timothy J. O’Shaughnessy
President and Chief Executive Officer
February 26, 2016
 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
9
   