TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES & FRIENDS:
2012 was an exceptional year for Gilead Sciences. The company achieved revenues of $9.7 billion, including product sales of $9.4 billion, and delivered its medicines to a record number of people with serious diseases around the world. Importantly, significant progress was made advancing R&D programs across our therapeutic areas. June 22, 2012 marked the 25th anniversary of Gilead's founding. The company has grown rapidly from a biotech start-up to a multinational biopharmaceutical company with over 5,000 employees spanning 26 countries on four continents. The organization is inspired by the opportunity to address the needs of patients and those involved in improving patient care: patients like Katie (cover) and Jamie (page 3), physicians like Edward Gane (page 5), and healthcare providers such as Tessa St. Rose (page 7). lives lost. At the International AIDS Conference in Washington, DC in July 2012, a new optimism emerged, fueled by improvements in HIV prevention, diagnosis and care around the world. Gilead remains at the forefront of advancing HIV treatment through the development of new single tablet regimens. In August 2012, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) ® approved Stribild, the company's third single tablet regimen. Stribild combines four medications into a complete HIV treatment regimen in a once-daily pill. This approach helps allow patients to adhere to a fully suppressive course of therapy more easily and consistently, which is critical for the successful management of the disease. Our commercial organization introduced the product immediately following its approval. In 2012, Stribild, ® along with Atripla® and Complera, achieved close to $4 billion in product sales. The long-term goal is to ensure that all HIV patients, working with their prescribers, have the option to choose a single tablet regimen that may be right for them. Important progress was made in the development program for tenofovir alafenamide (TAF; GS-7340), a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor. TAF may be able to exhibit greater antiviral efficacy than Viread® at a dose that is 10 times lower, which could help to improve tolerability of therapy. Interim findings from an ongoing Phase 2 study showed that a TAF-containing single tablet regimen achieved a similar virologic response to Stribild. In early 2013, we initiated the first Phase 3 study evaluating TAF as part of a single tablet regimen. In July 2012, the U.S. FDA approved Truvada® for pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP)--marking the first time a product has been approved for reducing the risk of HIV infection in high-risk adults in combination with safer sex practices. This key advancement in the fight against HIV was the result of decades of work involving investigators, academic and medical institutions, funding agencies and more than 20,000 clinical trial participants around the world. In addition to clinical interventions such as PrEP, Gilead continued to support education and outreach to increase access to HIV testing and care worldwide. Our partners have conducted more than 300,000 HIV tests, which represents an important contribution to public health by helping to diagnose infected individuals and connect them to care. In November 2012, the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force recommended routine HIV testing
9

Left to right: Gregg H. Alton, Executive Vice President, Corporate and Medical Affairs; Kevin Young CBE, Executive Vice President, Commercial Operations; Robin L. Washington, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; John C. Martin, PhD, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Norbert W. Bischofberger, PhD, Executive Vice President, Research and Development and Chief Scientific Officer; Katie L. Watson, Senior Vice President, Human Resources; John F. Milligan, PhD, President and Chief Operating Officer

HIV/AIDS
Scientific advancements--in drug design, formulation and delivery--and public health advancements--in disease awareness, screening and linkage to care--collectively have stemmed the global HIV/AIDS epidemic. This is a remarkable statement to make--30 years into the AIDS pandemic, and after 30 million

8

for adolescents and adults ages 15­65, and will require that private insurers cover the cost of screening.

Liver Diseases
With the Pharmasset acquisition completed in January 2012, a leadership position was established in the drug development for chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection. Over the last year we have advanced the nucleotide NS5B inhibitor sofosbuvir (GS-7977) and a once-daily fixed-dose combination tablet containing sofosbuvir and the NS5A inhibitor ledipasvir (GS-5885) into Phase 3 testing. Our goal is to transform the paradigm of HCV care by developing an all-oral treatment regimen that has higher cure rates, better tolerability and greater convenience for patients than currently available options. In November 2012, the first data showing the efficacy of sofosbuvir and ledipasvir plus ribavirin were presented at The Liver Meeting, the annual conference of the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases. Interim results from a Phase 2 study suggested that a 12-week course of these medicines in patients infected with genotype 1 HCV--the most common strain in the United States and the most difficult to treat--resulted in 100 percent of
10

participants (n=25) remaining HCV RNA undetectable four weeks after completing therapy (SVR4). Phase 3 trials exploring sofosbuvir in various combinations in genotype 1-6 patient populations are ongoing. Initial regulatory filings are expected in the first half of 2013, and the appropriate commercial infrastructure is now being assembled to support the potential launch of sofosbuvir. Also at The Liver Meeting, six-year clinical trial data for Viread for the treatment of chronic hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection was presented, which showed sustained virological and biochemical responses among patients, with no evidence of viral resistance. These results reinforce Viread 's position as the most-prescribed medicine for chronic HBV in the United States and most European countries.

diabetes. In addition, a new generation of late sodium current inhibitors are being developed, such as GS-6615, which is currently in Phase 1 studies and has the potential to treat ischemic heart disease and arrhythmias. In the area of pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH), a Phase 4 research program has been designed to advance the understanding of the disease pathology and further define the clinical profile ® of Letairis, including the potential for the product to be used in combination with another oral PAH treatment as frontline therapy.
® In the area of respiratory disease, Cayston, an inhaled antibiotic approved to treat cystic fibrosis (CF) patients with Pseudomonas aeruginosa, is being evaluated in Phase 3 studies to assess its efficacy in treating bacterial infections associated with non-CF bronchiectasis. Results from these trials are expected in 2013.

In the area of oncology, the company is advancing novel therapies that target key molecular signaling pathways and the extracellular matrix involved in the growth and survival of certain cancers for which existing treatment options are limited. Idelalisib (GS-1101), a PI3K delta inhibitor, is currently being evaluated in Phase 3 studies for indolent non-Hodgkin's lymphoma and chronic lymphocytic leukemia. Simtuzumab is also progressing through Phase 2 studies to assess its safety and efficacy in treating pancreatic and colorectal cancer, myelofibrosis and certain fibrotic diseases. With the recent completion of the YM BioSciences acquisition, the selective JAK inhibitor momelotinib (GS-0387/ CYT-387) was added to a growing oncology and inflammation pipeline. A Phase 3 study of momelotinib in myelofibrosis is planned for the second half of 2013.

Increasing Access
Because many patients around the globe do not have the resources to obtain the medicines they need, we work to expand treatment access wherever possible. The company's comprehensive patient assistance programs provide medicines in the United States at no cost for low-income, uninsured patients, and co-pay assistance coupon programs help those unable to afford the co-payments associated with commercial health insurance programs. Gilead is also expanding access to its medications in resource-limited parts of the world--including developing countries where the HIV/AIDS epidemic is affecting millions of people. As of December 2012, approximately 3.5 million patients in the developing world were receiving one of Gilead's HIV medicines, more than doubling the number of patients reached since 2010.

Closing
In summary, the organization has a strong business foundation, with over $9 billion in revenues in 2012. And, we continue to make significant progress in advancing new therapies to solidify our future growth. I would like to thank our employees for their commitment to excellence and hard work. I also would like to acknowledge the invaluable input of our Board of Directors. Thank you for your continued support. We look forward to the year ahead--and to the progress we believe we can make for many more patients around the world.

Cardiovascular, Respiratory & Oncology/Inflammation
Across therapeutic areas, we look for ways to appropriately expand the use of available medicines and to advance investigational therapies to address the unmet needs of ® patients. In cardiovascular disease, Ranexa, an oral late sodium current inhibitor that is currently indicated for chronic angina, is also being explored in Phase 3 studies for type 2

In addition, we are evaluating GS-5806 in Phase 2 clinical trials. This compound has been shown in preclinical studies to block respiratory syncytial virus (RSV). RSV is a pathogen that infects the human respiratory tract, leading to bronchiolitis and pneumonia. It is estimated that 125,000 newborns are hospitalized with RSV every year in the United States.

John C. Martin, PhD Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Forward-Looking Statement This Annual Report includes forward-looking statements regarding our clinical studies and product candidates, including the anticipated timing and achievement of certain development milestones, regulatory filings and launches. Such statements are predictions and involve risks and uncertainties such that actual results may differ materially. Please refer to Gilead's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012 attached to this report for the risks and uncertainties affecting Gilead's business. Gilead disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements in this report.

11

