General Mills achieved good sales and earnings gains in 2004, which included the benefit of an extra week in the fiscal period. For the 53-week year ended May 30, 2004: * Net sales increased 5 percent to $11.07 billion. * Net earnings exceeded $1 billion for the first time, growing 15 percent to $1.06 billion. * And diluted earnings per share grew 13 percent to $2.75, up from $2.43 last year. The extra week contributed approximately 8 cents to our earnings per share, so on a 52-week comparable basis, our net earnings would have grown 12 percent and our diluted earnings per share would have increased 10 percent, to $2.67. Strong cash flow enabled us to exceed our debtreduction goal for 2004, pay out nearly 40 percent of earnings as dividends and make all of our planned capital investments to support future growth. General Mills' debt levels increased significantly in conjunction with our October 2001 acquisition of Pillsbury. We are committed to paying down $2 billion in net debt by the end of fiscal 2006 and targeted $450 million of that total in 2004. In fact, we reduced our debt balance by $572 million. This has improved our financial condition and puts us in good shape relative to our three-year debt-reduction goal. During 2004, we also invested more than $650 million in capital projects that will support future business growth and productivity savings. And we returned approximately $410 million in cash to shareholders as dividends. While our earnings results were good overall, they fell short of our initial expectations for the year due to three principal factors. First, prices for a number of key ingredients increased sharply, and our 2004 commodity costs were much higher than we planned ­ over $100 million above our 2003 expense. Second, the recent popularity of low-carbohydrate diets slowed sales in several of our major product categories. And third, our Bakeries and Foodservice business fell well short of targeted results in 2004. Net sales for this business segment declined 2 percent to $1.76 billion and operating profits of $132 million were down 15 percent. These results were due in part to the low-carbohydrate trend and higher supply chain costs. But the earnings decline in this segment also reflects disruption caused by our own manufacturing realignment actions and by decisions to eliminate low-margin product lines in a number of categories. Net sales for our largest business segment, U.S. Retail, grew 5 percent in 2004 to $7.76 billion. Unit volume increased 4 percent, or 2 percent on a 52-week comparable basis. This was in line

with consumer purchase trends, as composite retail sales for the company's major product lines also grew 2 percent over the same period. Operating profit for this business segment grew 3 percent, slower than sales growth primarily due to increased commodity costs. Our consolidated international businesses had a strong year. Net sales increased 19 percent to $1.55 billion, with favorable currency translation contributing 11 points of that growth. Unit volume rose 5 percent overall, including a 6 percent volume increase for our Canadian business, and 12 percent growth for our operations in the Asia/Pacific region. International operating profits grew faster than sales, rising 31 percent to reach $119 million. After-tax profits from joint venture operations grew 21 percent to reach $74 million. Cereal Partners Worldwide (CPW), our joint venture with Nestlé, posted a 9 percent unit volume increase. Volume for Snack Ventures Europe (SVE), our venture with PepsiCo, grew 4 percent. Our share of after-tax profits from these two ventures combined was $58 million, up 29 percent for the year. Our Häagen-Dazs joint ventures in Asia recorded another year of growth. And in the United States, our 8th Continent soy products venture with DuPont made excellent progress building distribution and market share for our 8th Continent refrigerated soymilk varieties. Our financial results for both 2004 and 2003 included certain costs primarily related to our acquisition of Pillsbury. These costs are the restructuring and other exit costs identified on our consolidated statements of earnings, and merger-related costs that are included in selling, general and administrative expenses. We separately identify these costs (which are discussed in detail in the Form 10-K that appears beginning on page 19 of this report) because they represent expenses associated with an infrequently occurring event, and we believe identifying them improves the comparability of year-to-year results from operations. Excluding these identified costs, General Mills' earnings per share would have totaled $2.85 in 2004 and $2.65 in 2003. A table on page 16 of this report provides a reconciliation of our earnings per share with and without these identified items. General Mills' earnings growth in 2004 was not reflected in market price appreciation for our stock and, as a result, total return to shareholders for the year fell short of our longer-term performance. The market price of General Mills' common stock declined slightly in fiscal 2004 and total return to shareholders, including dividends, was just 1 percent. This was below the overall market's performance, as the S&P 500 Index generated a 22 percent return over the same one-year period. In contrast, General Mills

has outperformed the market over the longer term. For the most recent five-year period, total return to General Mills shareholders has averaged more than 5 percent annually, while the S&P 500 Index has delivered a negative 2 percent average annual return. We are committed to sustaining our long-term record of superior shareholder returns in the years ahead. Our plans continue to focus on four central growth strategies: * Product innovation, which drives unit volume and market share gains. * Channel expansion, to ensure our products are available everywhere people buy food. * International expansion, to build our brands in fast-growing markets around the world. * Margin expansion, to grow our earnings faster than sales. We think our business portfolio offers excellent prospects for future growth. Our U.S. Retail brands hold leading market positions in a number of attractive food categories, as shown in the table on page 2, and we see plenty of opportunities to build these brands with innovation focused on health news, variety and convenience. Our Bakeries and Foodservice business is well-positioned to compete for a growing share of away-from-home food sales. And our International businesses have established solid niche positions in key markets throughout Europe, Asia and Latin America that will provide excellent growth opportunities for years to come. In fiscal 2005, we face several challenges that will hinder earnings growth. Our business plan includes actions designed to offset those challenges. The first obvious hurdle is the fact that we'll have one less week of business in 2005 going up against 53-week results in 2004. But beyond that, commodity prices have continued to move up ­ our 2005 business plan assumes a $165 million increase in commodity costs compared to our 2004 expense. Energy costs will be higher, as will our salary and benefits expense. And from an operations perspective, we need to stabilize trends in our Bakeries and Foodservice segment. To partially offset the higher input costs we're experiencing, we've increased list prices on certain product lines. We also plan to increase merchandised price points for certain products. These actions won't entirely cover our higher costs, however. We'll need productivity to help cover some of our input cost inflation. We have a target to capture at least $150 million in supply chain productivity during 2005, and we'll continue to control administrative costs companywide. We've also identified opportunities to reconfigure certain manufacturing activities to improve our cost structure. The key driver of our results in 2005 will be the level of product innovation we bring to our

brands and business categories. The number of new products will outpace the record level of 2004. And more importantly, our product innovation will bring meaningful, new health and convenience benefits to consumers. You'll see some of these ideas described on the following pages of this report. We expect our product innovation, productivity initiatives and pricing actions to offset the hurdles we see in 2005 and enable us to meet or exceed our 2004 level of earnings per share. And we expect another year of strong cash flows. We will be returning increased cash to shareholders with a 13 percent increase in our dividend. The new quarterly rate of 31 cents per share is effective with the dividend payable Aug. 2, 2004. The annual dividend of $1.24 represents a payout of approximately 45 percent of our 2004 reported earnings per share. General Mills has now paid shareholder dividends without interruption or reduction for 106 years. We'll have some changes in leadership responsibilities as a result of Vice Chairman Ray Viault's planned retirement in October following eight years with General Mills and a distinguished 30-year career in the food industry. The operating divisions that currently report to Ray will be reporting to Ken Powell, who has been named an executive vice president for General Mills. Ken is returning to Minneapolis after serving for the past five years as chief executive officer for Cereal Partners Worldwide, our joint venture with Nestlé. Several additional senior executives also have assumed new responsibilities. Information on our senior management team appears on page 15 of this report. In closing this letter, we would like to acknowledge the talent and hard work of our more than 27,000 General Mills colleagues worldwide. The caliber of General Mills' people and the strength of our unique culture give us great confidence in the future prospects for your company. Sincerely, STEPHEN W. SANGER Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer July 29, 2004 STEPHEN R. DEMERITT Vice Chairman RAYMOND G. VIAULT Vice Chairman

