2

Healthy Growth

To Our Shareholders
General Mills had a good year in fiscal 2013, posting solid gains in sales and earnings. We completed a two-year period of significant investment that strengthened our business portfolio overall and meaningfully expanded our base in international markets. And we finalized plans for fiscal 2014 that call for faster earnings growth and increased cash returns to our shareholders.

certain other items affecting comparability of results year to year. Adjusted diluted EPS, which excludes these items, grew 5 percent to $2.69. The operating environment for food manufacturers slowly improved during fiscal 2013 as input cost inflation moderated. For General Mills, inflation eased from the 10 percent rate we experienced in fiscal 2012 to a more manageable 3 percent for the year just ended. In our the United States-- consumer sentiment core market-- improved and food prices, which moved broadly higher in 2012, generally stabilized as the year concluded.
Ken Powell Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

General Mills net sales for fiscal 2013 grew 7 percent to $17.8 billion. New businesses-- particularly Yoplait yogurt operations in various international markets and Yoki Alimentos in Brazil-- contributed 6 percentage points of this growth. And sales on our base business increased 2 percent before a one percentage point drag from foreign exchange translation. Segment operating profit rose 6 percent to $3.2 billion, with each of our three operating segments posting growth. And diluted earnings per share (EPS) totaled $2.79, up 19 percent from a year ago. These EPS results include restructuring costs, changes in mark-to-market valuation of commodity  positions, and

Net sales for our U.S. Retail operating segment grew 1 percent to $10.6 billion. The Snacks, Small Planet Foods (organic and natural products), Baking Products and Meals divisions led this sales performance. New products generated 5 percent of U.S. Retail segment sales, with particularly strong contributions from Honey Nut Cheerios Medley Crunch cereal, Yoplait Greek 100 calorie yogurt and Nature Valley Protein bars. We maintained our companywide focus on Holistic Margin Management (HMM) and reflecting those efforts, U.S.  Retail segment operating profit rose faster than sales, increasing 4 percent to $2.4 billion.

Annual Report 2013

3

Dividends per Share Dollars
Current Annualized Rate

Average Diluted Shares Outstanding Shares in millions
667 665 666

in Europe and the Asia/Pacific region each grew 11 percent. And our net sales in Latin America more than doubled as we added Yoki. On a constant-currency basis, our international net sales grew 28 percent for the year. We also hold 50-percent interests in two joint ventures outside North America. Our $1.3 billion proportionate share of net sales by Cereal Partners Worldwide (CPW) and Häagen-Dazs Japan (HDJ) is not consolidated in General Mills results. However, the joint ventures contributed a combined $99 million in after-tax earnings in 2013, up 12 percent from prior-year results. Net Sales Performance
2013 Net Sales % Change

1.22

1.32

1.52

12 13 14

11 12 13

International Segment* Latin America* Canada*

+28 +139 +22 +15 +11 +1 +35 +9 +3 +2 ­2 ­3 ­5 ­1

Our Bakeries and Foodservice segment competes primarily in U.S. channels for food eaten away from home. In fiscal 2013, net sales declined slightly as expected, but segment operating profit increased at a double-digit rate to $315 million-- a record level. This profit growth reflects our ongoing strategy of focusing on key branded product lines, and targeting the most resilient customer channels, such as school cafeterias, healthcare outlets and convenience stores. In fact, we recently renamed this organization Convenience Stores and Foodservice to align with its portfolio focus. Net sales for our International segment grew 24 percent in 2013 to exceed $5.2 billion. Segment operating profit rose 14 percent to $490 million, including a strong increase in advertising and media investment as well as the negative effects of Venezuelan currency devaluation that occurred during the year. Our double-digit sales increase included mid-single-digit growth for our base business and strong contributions from new businesses. We posted good growth across all four of our geographic regions in fiscal 2013. Net sales in Canada increased 22 percent, reflecting the addition of Yoplait. Our net sales

Europe* Asia/Pacific* U.S. Retail Segment Small Planet Foods Snacks Baking Products Meals Big G Cereals Frozen Foods Yoplait USA Bakeries and Foodservice Segment

* Does not include the impact of foreign currency translation. See page 89 of our 2013 Annual Report for a reconciliation to reported results.

We returned $1.9 billion in cash to shareholders in 2013 through dividends and share repurchase activity. Our  dividend rate grew 8 percent last year, and the new quarterly rate effective with the Aug. 1, 2013, payment represents a 15 percent increase for fiscal 2014. General Mills and its predecessor firm have now paid dividends

4

Healthy Growth

A Selection of Our New Products

without interruption or reduction for 114 years. Stock repurchase activity modestly reduced our average number of diluted shares outstanding in 2013. In 2014, our plans call for repurchasing shares sufficient to reduce the average diluted share balance by 2 percent. Our financial results in 2013 extend a track record of consistent growth in recent years. Since 2008, General Mills net sales have grown at a 6 percent compound annual rate, segment operating profit has compounded at 6 percent and adjusted diluted EPS have increased at a 9 percent annual rate. Net cash generated from  operations over the last five years totaled over $10.8 billion. This strong cash flow supported significant share repurchases and 11 percent compound annual growth in dividends per share. This performance record aligns with our long-term model for growth and shareholder returns, shown below. General Mills Long-term Growth Model
Growth FactorCompound Annual Growth Target Net SalesLow single-digit Segment Operating ProfitMid single-digit Adjusted Diluted Earnings per ShareHigh single-digit Dividend Yield2 to 3 percent Total Return to ShareholdersDouble-digit

We've met our goal of delivering double-digit returns to shareholders over this same time period. Total return to General Mills shareholders through stock price performance and dividends was a robust 29 percent in 2013. Over the past five years, which was a challenging period for the economy and for the capital markets overall, the average annual return to General Mills shareholders was 13 percent. This was more than double the overall market's average annual return over that period, as represented by the S&P 500 Index. Looking ahead, we  remain committed to delivering superior returns for General Mills shareholders. We See Healthy Growth Prospects Ahead We have strong confidence in our growth plans for 2014. Our strategic actions in recent years have focused and enhanced our business mix. We now compete in five global

Annual Report 2013

5

Returns to Shareholders Percent growth, stock price appreciation plus reinvested dividends
29 28 13

Fiscal 2013

Last 5 Fiscal Years (compound annual return)

and use the savings to offset inflation and to reinvest in advertising, research and development, and other activities that drive sales growth. We have a record level of annual HMM cost savings identified for fiscal 2014, with a project list that spans established operations and new businesses. We plan to reinvest some of our HMM cost savings in consumer-directed marketing initiatives. We are big believers in advertising, using both traditional and digital media. Over the last five years, our media spending has increased by more than 50 percent to $895 million in 2013. We expect our media investment to increase in line with sales in 2014. Our plans for the new fiscal year also include strong, collaborative initiatives with our retail customers worldwide. We have top-ranked sales teams in U.S. Retail, in Foodservice and in international markets. These teams and the capabilities they bring are a competitive advantage for us. In short, our 2014 plans call for sales and earnings growth consistent with our long-term model. And we expect our operations to generate strong cash flows again in 2014, which will support our capital investment needs, along with increased shareholder dividends and share repurchase activity. We're excited about the year. In Closing, A Note of Thanks and our excellent future prospects-- Our performance-- are a reflection of the talent and hard work of General Mills people around the world. It's an honor and a privilege for me to work with this team, which now includes 41,000 employees. I'd also like to thank you for your investment in General Mills. We appreciate your confidence in our business, and we look forward to reporting on our continuing progress.

S&P 500 Index

businesses-- ready-to-eat cereals, yogurt, super-premium ice cream, convenient meals and snacks-- where category retail sales are growing at attractive, mid- to high-single-digit rates. Our brands hold leading positions in these categories in the U.S. and international markets. Product innovation is the fuel that creates category growth. And we have strong plans for doing our part to drive growth in our categories in 2014. Established brands will make important contributions, and we have a comprehensive new-product plan-- several of these new items are pictured to the left. We continue to focus on product ideas that appeal to the fastest-growing consumer groups. In the U.S., these are older adults, the millennial generation and multicultural families. In developing and emerging international markets, the growing middle class is driving demand for high-quality, nutritious and convenient packaged foods. Our 2014 plans include an estimated 3 percent inflation rate for supply chain costs. Our response to this input cost inflation will continue to be Holistic Margin Management (HMM). Our companywide approach to protecting margins includes focus on sales mix and pricing. However, the primary focus of our HMM efforts is to identify nonvalue-adding costs in our manufacturing process and other activities across the company. We eliminate those costs 

S&P 500 Index

GIS

GIS

6

Kendall J. Powell Chairman and Chief Executive Officer August 1, 2013

