 Letter to Our Partners
Dear Partners:
Global Partners delivered record financial results in 2006, posting net income of $33.5 million, or $2.46 per diluted limited partner unit. We successfully achieved our objective of continuing to increase distributable cash flow. We executed our growth strategy by acquiring terminal assets both within our existing markets and in contiguous geographic areas. We continue to execute our organic growth strategy by attracting new customers through superior service, reliable product availability and the expansion of non-weather sensitive product offerings. This performance enabled Global Partners to generate robust returns in every quarter of 2006, our first full year as a public partnership.
Among the year’s highlights, we expanded sales of higher margin products, broadened our geographic presence and increased the percentage of our revenue from gasoline and diesel fuels to the transportation sector. These accomplishments enhanced the profitability of our business. 2006 marked the first year in Global’s history in which the volume of transportation fuels exceeded that of heating oil.
In 2006 we successfully managed supply and distribution logistics in a complex market environment with volatile oil prices, temperatures 11% warmer than normal and market inefficiencies arising from the introduction of specialty fuels such as ethanol and ultra-low sulfur diesel. The handling, storage and marketing of these new products helped to increase our margins.
Eric Slifka
President and Chief Executive Officer
We expect margins to return to historical norms, although the storage requirements of recently introduced fuels will continue to strain capacity in the marketplace, creating both inefficiency and thus opportunity. Our extensive terminal network places us in an ideal position to efficiently and cost-effectively handle this new array of fuels.
Strong Distribution Growth
Our financial performance enabled us to raise our quarterly cash distribution to unitholders by 7.1% for 2006. We concluded the year with a distribution of $0.4550 per diluted limited partner unit for the three months ended December 31, 2006 ($1.82 per unit annualized), and we are committed to continuing to provide a steady return on our unitholders’ investment.
Acquisitions
One of our core strengths is our ability to optimize the value of assets by vertically integrating supply, terminalling and marketing. During the year, we complemented our existing portfolio of bulk terminals with the acquisitions of facilities in Macungie, Pennsylvania and Bridgeport, Connecticut. The Macungie facility, located in a new market for Global, has storage capacity of roughly 170,000 barrels of refined products, including diesel, gasoline, specialty fuel additives and home heating oil. The Bridgeport terminal, with storage capacity of more than 100,000 barrels, distributes diesel and home heating oil and provides Global another key location in southern Connecticut.
   1
  
In early 2007 we continued to build our base of strategic assets by signing a definitive agreement with ExxonMobil Oil Corporation to acquire three contiguous refined product terminals located in Albany and Newburgh, New York and Burlington, Vermont for a purchase price of $101.5 million. This strategic acquisition will increase our total storage capacity by approximately 19% to 8.1 million barrels, and expand and strengthen our market leadership position in the Northeast. We also plan to seek permits to return additional barrels of inactive storage capacity into service.
Products distributed from the ExxonMobil terminals will include gasoline, ultra-low sulfur diesel, ultra-low sulfur kerosene, heating oil and ethanol. The Albany facility has a deep-water dock, blending opportunities, a water-treatment plant and significant expansion opportunities. The Newburgh terminal will give Global a large and flexible platform to serve New York’s refined product market, while the Burlington terminal is Vermont’s only large gasoline storage and distribution facility serviced by rail.
ExxonMobil, an anchor tenant in each terminal, will enter into a five-year take-or-pay throughput contract with Global to use the terminals. We expect the acquisition to close in the second quarter of 2007 and be slightly accretive to unitholders in the first full year of operation, with improving returns thereafter as the full potential of these strategic assets is further realized.
We expect to finance the ExxonMobil transaction through an expansion of our existing credit facility, with the proceeds of approximately $15 million from the sale of our shares of NYMEX Holdings and related NYMEX seats, and the sale of $50 million of Class B units at a price of $28 per unit. Kayne Anderson MLP Investment Company and funds managed by Tortoise Capital Advisors, LLC and Fiduciary Asset Management, LLC have agreed to purchase the Class B units in a private placement. We are delighted to have the support, involvement and commitment of these well-known MLP investors.
Global Partners enjoyed an outstanding year in 2006. We are focused on achieving continued success through organic growth and strategic acquisitions that enable us to generate positive returns. The terminals we are acquiring from ExxonMobil are another significant step in this direction. These unique assets align with our core strategies of expanding and strengthening our market leadership position in the Northeast. They provide yet another opportunity to grow our business by diversifying our assets and expanding sales to customers. On behalf of our employees and board of directors, I thank our customers, suppliers and you, our partners, for your continued support.
Sincerely,
Eric Slifka
President and Chief Executive Officer
    2
   