DeAR FellOw SHAReHOlDeRS
     George H. Glatfelter II, Chairman and Chief executive Officer I am pleased to report that 2008 was a very good year for your Company. In addition to exceeding our
Company-wide goals for improved employee safety performance, the highlights of the year included:
• Generating record revenues of $1.3 billion, 54 percent of which was generated from new products
• Achieving earnings accretion of $0.46 per share from the Chillicothe acquisition, thereby realizing our acquisition target of $0.45 to $0.50 per share
• Generating a 45 percent increase in operating income of the Specialty Papers Business Unit
• Producing a record $430 million of net sales from the Composite Fibers Business Unit, including a 4.3 percent increase in Food and Beverage shipping volume
• Reducing net debt by $39.0 million
• Increasing adjusted earnings per share by 28 percent in 2008, resulting in a five year compounded annual growth rate of 33 percent
Our accomplishments over the past year are made even more meaningful when considered in the context of the unprecedented economic crisis that swept through the global marketplace during the second half of the year. I believe the results reflect the strength, flexibility and resiliency of the Glatfelter business model – a model that continues to differentiate the Company from others in our industry in the way that matters most to share- holders: sustainable value creation.
“The results reflect the strength, flexibility and resiliency of the Glatfelter business model.”
Suffice to say, we are liv- ing through a time of unprec- edented economic challenges – the depth and duration of which are impossible to pre-
dict. However, although I can’t predict the future, I do know that over our history, we have faced many serious challenges and have flourished while others have not. I believe that there are clearly defined reasons behind the sustainability of our enterprise. They begin with the Core Values of our organization which are noted on the cover of this year’s Annual Report.
These values are the foundation of your Company. Barely a day goes by that we do not rely upon them to frame a key decision, develop a strategy or guide us in other ways. Today’s news is full of companies who have lost their way. That will not happen with Glatfelter. And, I believe that is an important thing for shareholders to understand – particularly in times like these. Our Core Values are indeed The Fiber of Glatfelter.
1
  
 Our Core Values are the waypoints of our visionary journey to “become the global supplier of choice in specialty papers and engineered products.” Our Vision differentiates Glatfelter from most others in our industry – by the products we make and the way they are produced, by the markets we serve and how we serve them, and by the undeniably solid track record of execution that translates into shareholder value.
So, why should investors have confidence in Glatfelter in these uncertain times? I believe that Glatfelter confronts uncertain times with certain well-established, distinctive capabilities.
let’s take a closer look at a few of these distinguishing factors:
Broad Product Portfolio: we manufacture a very large portfolio of specialized paper products. while some products, notably those directly related to the economy, are being affected by the economic downturn, others are not. The breadth and global reach of our product range cushion the impact of external economic influences upon your Company and thereby differentiate Glatfelter from others.
Highly Flexible Operating Platforms: Our operating platforms in each of our business units are modern and highly flexible. As a result, we can rapidly move product grades and families between mills to take advan- tage of shifting market dynamics and economies of scale. The capability to move quickly to meet the changing needs of our customers is very important in uncertain economic times and provides comfort to our customers that in virtually any situation, Glatfelter can find a solution.
Proven New Product Capabilities: Fast, efficient and timely development of new products is at the heart of our business model. Revenue from new products totaled $690 million in 2008. That’s 54 percent of our total revenue stream. Is that happenstance? Not at all. 2008 was the fifth consecutive year revenue from new prod- ucts has exceeded our goal of 50 percent. During this time, we have also reduced our development time by 25 percent. we are known for being innovative, efficient and fast. I am sure that you can appreciate the importance
of these capabilities during the current times.
Customer Focus: we market our products differ- ently than our competitors. Our customer relationships are deep and collaborative. Many begin at the concep- tual level of product development. Others transcend the simple transaction and focus on joint efforts to improve
the cost and efficiency of the value chain. The fact is that our customers are facing their own challenges today. They don’t need instability in their supply base. Increasingly, customers value Glatfelter’s distinctive capabilities and financial strength. without question, they place trust in the relationship. And that has never been more important than it is today.
Financial Stability: Glatfelter has a strong balance sheet, low levels of debt and substantial flexibility in its capital structure. we have ample liquidity to operate the business and pursue lucrative opportunities. Conversely, many businesses today are facing internal financial challenges. Glatfelter is not one of them. Our financial strength resonates with customers, and should provide investors with confidence that we will not only weather the storm; we will be positioned to quickly take advantage of the opportunities that unquestionably will develop.
Proven Management Team: Although the current economic downturn is in many ways unprecedented, the Glatfelter management team has generated a solid track record of performance over the last several years. when I first became your CeO in 1998, a wise friend shared with me a parable that has proven to be invaluable: “A smooth sea never made a skilled mariner.” Our seas have been anything but smooth over the years. But they have forced us to develop and hone business skills that otherwise we may not have found important.
 “I expect to emerge from the current challenges as a better Company – not just a survivor.”

   Our Core Values Guide Us
Deeply woven into our corporate culture are time-tested Core Values that sustain and drive us. These values and our PeOPle, who live them every day, are The Fiber of Glatfelter. we know what we believe in:
Integrity: we are ethical and responsible in all of our business endeavors, all the time.
Financial Discipline: we are responsible for the prudent management of the resources entrusted to us and for the generation of financial value for all constituents.
Mutual Respect: we treat each other with honesty and respect. we recognize that what we have and what we will achieve is through the efforts of our employees. we will strive to provide them with rewarding challenges and opportunities for advancement.
Customer Focus: we are dedicated to understanding and anticipating the needs of our customers and helping them to achieve their business objectives.
Environmental Responsibility: we recognize that
our business impacts the environment. we are commit- ted to continuous environmental improvement and the prevention of pollution. we will be in compliance with all environmental laws and regulations.
Social Responsibility: we recognize our responsibility to contribute to the betterment of the communities in which we operate and the world in which we live.
3
The numbers tell the story. Five years of compounded annual adjusted earnings per share growth of 33 percent speaks not only to the strength of the Glatfelter business model, but to the capabilities of Glatfelter PeOPle at all levels within our business. This management team has a proven track record of driving results. we speak often about “doing what we say,” and for the most part we do just that. In difficult times, it’s criti- cally important to have a management team in place that knows what to do and how to do it. we do.
when combined with our Core Values and Vision, the points mentioned above give me confidence that your Company is well positioned to deliver value during the current period of global economic uncertainty and beyond. To that end, we will maintain strict control of costs, limit capital expenditures, further our commitment to continuous improvement initiatives across our business, and focus on generating improvements in work- ing capital. My personal objectives for the upcoming year are to preserve the financial core of the business while positioning the business to move rapidly to address opportunities that will no doubt occur as the economic downturn moderates. I expect to emerge from the current challenges as a better Company – not just a survivor.
In summary, these are tough times. we cannot change that fact. But Glatfelter confronts the challenges with certain distinctive strengths. I hope that my letter has been helpful in explaining why I believe your Company is better positioned than most to address the challenges currently impacting the global economy. Our 2008 performance clearly reflects strong position- ing and solid execution. These capabilities will serve us well in the year ahead. As a result, I approach the upcoming year with a mixture of confidence and excitement, tempered to a degree by the nightly news, but certainly not intimidated by it.
On behalf of Glatfelter PeOPle everywhere, please accept my appreciation for your continued interest in our business and support of our efforts.
Sincerely,
George H. Glatfelter II
Chairman and Chief executive Officer
 March 10, 2009
 