   Dante C. Parrini
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Entering the year, the company was financially strong, well positioned for growth, and aligned on the four core drivers of our strategy – globalization, specialization, innovation, and continuous improvement. By centering our efforts on these drivers, our business units pursued a higher level of sustained, profitable growth and produced strong year-over-year improvements.
2011 — A YEAR OF PROGRESS
Our emphasis on performing across all parts of our business drove substantially improved financial results. Glatfelter achieved record revenue of $1.6 billion, up 10% over 2010. The Composite Fibers and Advanced Airlaid Materials business units continued to bolster our exposure to higher-margin growth markets. Forty-five percent of net sales and nearly 50% of earnings (EBITDA) now come from these growth
businesses compared to 30% of net sales and 40% of EBITDA just 5 years ago.
Adjusted earnings per share reached $1.01, up 15% versus 2010, with a 5-year compound annual growth rate of 13%.
In addition, we have dramatically improved cash flow to an average of
$81 million per year over the last 3 years (excluding special credits). This enabled
us to complete a $50 million share repurchase program in early January 2012, reducing our number of outstanding shares by 8%. We also refinanced some
of our debt late in 2011, significantly cutting interest expense. These actions
are expected to make meaningful contributions to our earnings per share
in 2012, and will ensure the financial flexibility to grow our existing business and explore new opportunities.
Over the last 8 years, we’ve enhanced our returns on invested capital. In 2004,
I am pleased to report that Glatfelter completed a very successful year in 2011. But first, as I reflect on the period,
I want to express my sincere gratitude to our board, to Glatfelter PEOPLE, and to our stakeholders, who collectively have enabled the organization to achieve our goal of performing.
4
  
 our return on capital employed (ROCE) was 3.7%. With disciplined capital allocation and earnings growth, our ROCE in 2011 finished nearly 500 basis points higher than 2004, making great strides toward achieving returns that will exceed our cost of capital.
Total shareholder return for 2011 was 18.2%, surpassing all of the major indices and positioning Glatfelter as one of the highest performing companies in our peer group.
OPERATIONS ACHIEVED SOLID GAINS
Solid gains were reported across all of our operations, despite a highly volatile global environment.
At our Specialty Papers business, net sales increased from higher selling prices, continuous improvement efforts achieved greater operating efficiencies, and the unit generated strong free cash flow. In addition, lower SG&A spending contributed almost $3 million to year- over-year results.
New product and business development, combined with our flexible asset base, enabled us to outperform the broader North American uncoated free sheet market for the seventh year in a row–plusoperateourfacilitiesatornear capacity. In addition, the unit introduced the exciting G-Force product line, which
uses our carbonless capsule process for a variety of unique applications. This technology can encapsulate fragrances, providing greater stability and efficacy. It also can embed chemicals in textiles to help wick away perspiration and retain heat. G-Force exemplifies how we extended established assets and know-how to create high-margin,
niche opportunities in new specialty applications. In 2011, this culture of innovation allowed us to generate 54% of our total revenue from products less than 5 years old.
Our growing Composite Fibers and Advanced Airlaid Materials businesses accelerated their globalization with important sales gains. Their success
RETURN
ON CAPITAL EMPLOYED
helped Glatfelter generate 37% of its sales outside of North America, with growth driven by European, Middle East and African markets. Continuous improvement initiatives also helped realize considerable margin expansion.
The Composite Fibers business recorded a 24% increase in operating income over 2010, with volume growing in high-value niche markets such as
tea and single-serve coffee. Embracing innovation, the unit developed technologies to embed logos or patterns on beverage filter papers. These unique capabilities provided new branding and marketing applications that offered highly differentiated products welcomed
by the industry.
             04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11
* 2009 impacted by global recession and transition from net pension income (2004-2008) to net pension expense (2009-2011). Return on capital employed based on after-tax earnings from operations excluding unusual items.
Return on capital employed has improved dramatically since 2004. Glatfelter is committed to achieving returns that exceed its cost of capital.
5
  3.7% 4.3%
5.6% 6.3%
8.5% 7.6%*
8.3% 8.6%

     “Total shareholder return for 2011 was 18.2%, surpassing all of the major indices and positioning Glatfelter as one of the highest performing companies in our peer group.”
coffee and global tea markets. A recently completed expansion of our festooning line in Gatineau, Canada, increases our presence in the growing feminine and adult hygiene market. We’re rigorously employing innovation and continuous improvement to drive margin expansion. And we are targeting acquisitions
that will complement our existing businesses and broaden our product and technology portfolios.
At the same time, we’re carefully managing the remainder of our business to enhance cash flow and profitability. Our flexible Specialty Paper assets are being optimized to provide exceptional customer service and execute aggressive new product and business development. These efforts will help offset weakness in the North American uncoated free sheet market and provide the opportunity to keep our facilities running at capacity.
Glatfelter’s strong cash flow profile will provide ample liquidity, allowing us to fund growth initiatives and strategic investments as well as dividends. We remain intensely focused on total shareholder return and long-term market capitalization growth, which in turn
will build shareholder value in the coming years.
Advanced Airlaid Materials achieved a 205% increase in operating income versus 2010 by leveraging opportunities in the feminine and adult hygiene markets. The unit developed new lighter-weight products with longer, more absorbent cores. This innovation yielded cost savings without compromising performance, making Glatfelter the supplier of choice. Continuous improvement activities included supply-chain synergies,
waste reduction, and higher machine output that elevated the unit’s
operating performance.
Overall, the company surpassed
its continuous improvement target of
1% of revenue – significantly contributing to our bottom line and providing a catalyst for margin growth.
THE LOOK AHEAD — SUSTAINED GROWTH AND PROFITABILITY As we assess the year ahead, it’s
clear we will encounter headwinds that pose some risk. Uncertainty remains
from sovereign debt issues in Europe and continuing unrest in the Middle East
will undoubtedly impact energy prices. Our North American Specialty Papers business, which represents 55% of our revenues, faces ongoing structural weakness. And while our pension plan is fully funded, discount rates have dropped and we anticipate higher noncash pension expense in 2012 versus 2011.
Despite these challenges, we are optimistic about the company’s prospects. With the ability to capitalize on various pathways to growth, Glatfelter can leverage its multidimensional strategy to uncover many opportunities in attractive markets around the world.
First, our growth businesses have strong fundamentals and leading positions that will allow us to organically expand their global footprints. For example, we plan to invest $50 million in our Composite Fibers business to increase capacity in the burgeoning single-serve
6
  
  DRIVEN TO PERFORM
By staying true to our vision, strategy and Core Values, we have created a model wherein the Specialty Papers portfolio outperforms the market and generates strong cash flow while our growing Composite Fibers and Advanced Airlaid Materials businesses accelerate global expansion and diversification. This model will be powered by improving day-to-day execution by all Glatfelter PEOPLE.
We are delivering what shareholders expect from a responsible management team – not growing for growth’s sake,
but striving to improve profitability
and increasing cash flow to ensure that investment returns exceed our cost
of capital.
While we may confront challenges and encounter bumps in the road, we are committed to our strategy and will remain on course. Glatfelter created substantial momentum in 2011 that inspires us to achieve even greater performance in
the year ahead.
Sincerely,
Dante C. Parrini
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
March 9, 2012
                7
                          