 DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS
I am pleased to report that Glatfelter commemorated its 150th anniversary with another year of solid revenue and earnings growth. Thanks to the dedication and tenacious execution of all Glatfelter PEOPLE – who faced numerous operating and market challenges
– we achieved significant progress in this milestone year.
We continued to pursue our strategy of producing higher profits and revenues from our global, fiber-based engineered materials businesses while deploying the cash flow from mature product lines to drive growth initiatives. This strategy served us well as Glatfelter again generated two-thirds of its operating income from Composite Fibers and Advanced Airlaid Materials products. We leveraged our leading market positions and strong customer relationships to expand operating margins in these global growth businesses. In addition, aggressive continuous improvement initiatives across the Company produced meaningful contributions to our 2014 results.
We also recorded our best-ever safety performance in 2014. With the Company becoming larger and more complex, setting a new safety record was an encouraging and admirable accomplishment. It signifies the commitment and vigilance of all Glatfelter PEOPLE to work injury-free every day.
While year-over-year progress was made in earnings and revenue growth, operating issues within the Specialty Papers business unit and weaker market pricing for Composite Fibers together depressed operating profit by approximately $30 million. We had higher expectations for the business.
Adjusted earnings climbed 11% over 2013 on revenues that grew 5%. We maintained a strong balance sheet that will permit continued investment in our people, processes, and products – important drivers of sustained value creation. Our return on capital employed (ROCE) remained at a level above our weighted average cost of capital. Plus, we raised the annual dividend by 10% to $0.44 per share.
While our share price ended the year down 7.5% – the first time in four years it closed lower than the previous year – our three-year total shareholder return was 92.4%.
Dante C. Parrini Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
THE YEAR IN REVIEW
The strength and flexibility of our strategy were tested in 2014 as Glatfelter’s business units faced multiple challenges – from geopolitical disruptions to robust, capacity-constrained markets
to internal operating difficulties. Yet our global growth businesses continued to make progress.
Composite Fibers achieved a record year of profitability with operating profit up 9%, including a full year of the Dresden acquisition. This performance was delivered despite geopolitical issues in Russia, Ukraine, and the Middle East that disrupted consumer demand and weakened exchange rates. As more capacity was directed toward key markets such as food and beverage and nonwoven wall coverings, competition intensified. Although Composite Fibers protected its customer relationships and leading share positions, prices retreated and shipments failed to grow as expected. The business unit offset the unsettled market environment by leveraging operating excellence to produce higher yields and throughput while reducing costs.
Advanced Airlaid Materials continued to achieve year-over- year growth in operating profit, which climbed 18% over 2013
on revenues that rose 5%. This was the business unit’s strongest financial performance since its acquisition, and reflected the robust demand, particularly in North America, for adult hygiene and specialty wipes products. Managing through a capacity- constrained market, Advanced Airlaid Materials utilized continuous improvement initiatives to generate additional production volume. Our strong ties to leading global brands provide exciting growth opportunities for these higher-margin product lines.
   1
 
Specialty Papers’ performance was significantly affected by operating issues and severe winter weather. Operating profit of $39 million declined 3% versus 2013. The Ohio pulp mill problems that began in late 2013 were not resolved until late in the
first quarter of 2014. The business increased spending during
the second-quarter maintenance outage to improve pulp mill performance. In addition, the price increases we anticipated from industry capacity closures were limited by surging imports. Despite these circumstances, Specialty Papers’ performance rebounded
in the second half, with the business setting records for pulp production and operating profit in the third quarter. Its shipments also outperformed the uncoated free sheet market for the tenth consecutive year.
2015 – A YEAR OF ADAPTATION AND FOCUSED EXECUTION
This year’s challenges are clearly reflected in the headlines. Russia is in a recession, the ruble is declining, Europe’s economy is tepid and the euro value has weakened, and conflict continues in Ukraine and the Middle East. While these market headwinds will impact our short-term prospects, we do not believe they represent long-term structural barriers to growth. Focused execution will be the key to our success.
First, we will concentrate our people, resources, and investments on the four key business drivers that will sustain our record of growth.
• Our focus on continuous improvement will build a more competitive cost structure, improve productivity, and create a more reliable and consistent production platform. We must reduce operating volatility and achieve more predictable performance. To support our quest for operating excellence, targeted investments in business and process improvement will enhance manufacturing execution and cost management.
• Glatfelter’s acquisition of Spezialpapierfabrik Oberschmitten GmbH (SPO), a leading producer of electrical papers, supports
our pursuit of specialization in fiber-based, engineered materials. This acquisition, combined with our existing platform for electrical products, will help us penetrate rapidly growing electrical products markets in Europe and Asia.
• Innovation will play an important role in forging stronger customer relationships. For example, Advanced Airlaid Materials
is launching a new line of products for the growing adult incontinence market, and Composite Fibers will invest $4 million in new technology to enter the dispersible wipes market.
• We will continue the globalization of the Company by assessing ways to expand our presence in China and Asia Pacific.
We also envision extending Advanced Airlaid Materials’ global reach – partnering with customers to assess future demand and evaluating capacity expansion opportunities to meet
their requirements.
Second, the Company will aggressively manage its cost structure and control spending. During the year, we plan to implement a 3% to 5% global workforce reduction. While a decision that impacts Glatfelter PEOPLE and their families is extremely difficult, the action is necessary to manage the Company responsibly. We anticipate that our continuous improvement and cost reduction efforts will bolster operating profit by $25 million to $30 million in 2015.
Finally, as we institute measures to help offset near-term business risks, we continue to position the Company for long- term growth. With our healthy balance sheet, Glatfelter will make selective, targeted investments that prepare the Company for the next cycle of market expansion.
CLOSING THOUGHTS
As we look ahead, we know that markets will ebb and flow. But over the long term, we’re targeting products that promise attractive and consistent growth – such as tea and single-serve coffee, personal care, and nonwoven wall coverings. We’ve established leading positions and binding relationships in these expanding markets. Customers believe Glatfelter is the right business partner, regardless of the stage in their business cycle or economic conditions.
From time to time, companies encounter challenges in the operating environment or experience disappointing internal performance. Good companies rise to the occasion and turn these problems into opportunities. Glatfelter has a planned and purposeful approach to managing through today’s dynamic business environment. Our strategy is sound, Glatfelter PEOPLE are focused on day-to-day execution, and we’re ready to fund the investments that propel our growth.
I remain optimistic and confident about Glatfelter’s bright future and prospects for value creation.
Sincerely,
Dante C. Parrini
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
March 17, 2015
 2
