 JAMES R. HOUGHTON
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
The past year has brought
a turning point in the history of Corning Incorporated — the year in which I believe
we have truly proven our ability to transform, to achieve our goals, and to position our- selves for future growth while staying committed to our Values as a company.
In this report, I’d like to review with you the significant progress we’ve continued to make against the priorities
we set for ourselves in early 2002 — when the downturn
in the telecommunications industry left us with a severe drop-off in revenues and an overbuilt infrastructure. In the face of this situation, we set a very clear plan based on three priorities:
I Preserving the financial health of the company
I Returning to profitability
I Continuing to invest in our future
These priorities have guided our steady march forward
for the past two years. And the plan is working. I take tremendous pride in sharing with you that Corning Incorporated continues to be a financially sound company. We are profitable once again, excluding special items, and our investments in our future have positioned us for growth in key markets.
Now let’s look at each of our priorities in greater detail — including the progress we’ve made and the goals we intend to reach as we keep moving ahead.
To Our Shareholders:

Protecting our financial health
We ended the year with a very strong balance sheet, having met a number of goals we set for ourselves more than two years ago.
One of those goals was to substantially reduce our debt levels while at the same time maintaining a healthy cash portfolio. We have done exactly that, meeting all our milestones for cash preserva- tion and debt reduction. We have reduced our debt by
45 percent since the beginning of 2002 and we continue to reduce it. We are maintaining significant cash on hand, ending 2003 with $1.3 billion in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. And we continue to have access to our $2 billion revolving credit agreement.
We are now focused on returning to an investment- grade credit rating, and we are continuing to meet important milestones in our progress toward this goal. Two rating agencies took us off “nega- tive” outlook in 2003 — the remaining one followed suit in early 2004. This is a first step toward a ratings upgrade. We are driving to achieve investment-grade metrics
in 2005 and hope that the
agencies will upgrade us then. That will be yet another sign to everyone that we are a strong, financially sound company — and, we will no longer have to carry such large cash balances, instead freeing up that cash for prudent investments in our business.
Returning to profitability
We are very proud of the
fact that we met our goal of restoring profitability, before special items, in 2003. Our operations became profitable in the second quarter, one full quarter before Wall Street expected it. By the third quar- ter, we were solidly profitable without equity earnings from Dow Corning, just as we promised we would be.
By year-end, we had more encouraging news to report. We improved our profitability by more than $500 million, before special items — the most significant year-to-year improvement in our history. With sales of $ 3.1 billion, we reduced operating expenses more than 20 percent and made substantial gains in our gross margins.
We were able to reach this goal by rigorously focusing on three critical areas: stabi- lization of sales volumes in
our telecommunications segment; dramatic cost reduction throughout our telecommunications busi- nesses; and continued robust growth of our liquid crystal display glass products.
Investing in our future
Of course, now that we have returned to profitability, we are committed to sustaining and growing that profitability. Even through the downturn, we remained committed
to investing in innovation, as this has always been the source of our strength — and it will remain that way.
Although we’re investing in a wide variety of technolo- gies — including those in the life sciences arena and optical materials for the semicon- ductor industry — we’re placing particular emphasis on three areas that we believe will set the stage for our next wave of growth: liquid crys- tal displays; environmental substrates and filters for diesel applications; and the telecommunications segment products that will enable fast, secure broadband connections to homes and businesses, a technology
we refer to as fiber to the x (FTTx). We are highlighting
these growth areas in this report, and I’m sure you’ll share my excitement when you read about each of them.
Our people
Meeting all these priorities could not happen without the people who form our global workforce, and an essential part of our recovery strategy has been a relentless concen- tration on this most valuable asset. I consider this a priority that spans across all the others, and I know that members
of our leadership team share this belief.
We have been very open about telling our people how much we need them. They have been the key to leading us out of difficult times and toward the very exciting future we can all share.
We’re keenly aware that
our people have been through extremely difficult times these past few years. It’s easy to get discouraged when you’ve experienced the exuberant growth of the late 1990s, followed by the rapid down- turn and resulting layoffs that marked 2001 and 2002.

But as I visit our operations throughout the world, I’m continually encouraged, delighted — and yes, humbled — by how loyal our people have remained to this com- pany. Over and over, I find people totally committed to discovering remarkable new properties in the materials we know so well ... to serving our customers with flawless manufacturing processes ... and to supporting every aspect of our operations so we can continue to meet our goals and thrive once again.
They are committed because they, too, believe in this com- pany’s ability to survive times of massive change and remain true to our Values. Our recov- ery as a company is a matter of personal pride to them.
Looking forward
As we look out to the year ahead and beyond, our priori- ties remain consistent. We will protect our financial health; we will improve prof- itability; and we will invest
in our future. Within this framework, we will continue to chart specific goals and milestones in support of sustainable, long-term busi- ness performance. We have developed a strategy for this performance — a strategy
in three parts:
I Growth through innovation
First, we will grow the company, and we will fuel that growth with global inno- vation. Some companies grow mainly by acquisition or mergers, but Corning grows through innovation — and that belief is deeply ingrained in our culture.
We’ve enjoyed consistent successes when we’ve taken that approach, and today, our products for these growth markets — LCD, diesel, and FTTx — are just a few exam- ples of that. Our products have always been — and always will be — keystone components that make larger systems work. Today, we’ve strategically positioned our- selves to commercialize different innovations in a variety of long-term markets, and we intend to continue that approach in aggressively pursuing multiple high-value opportunities.
This approach to innovation is resource-intensive. While we keep focused on near-term growth opportunities, we also continue to invest in new technologies, and it can some-
times take a dozen years or more to fully commercialize
a product. In addition, our brand of innovation — solving extremely complex materials problems for growing markets — is just plain difficult to do. Accordingly, our fixed costs can be high.
That’s why we are so commit- ted to developing technologies that add significant value. Those opportunities tend to be in markets that respond
to basic human needs — like communications, the environ- ment, and health care. And because the growth potential for these markets tends to
be strong, we can offset our higher fixed costs with rev- enues reflecting our leadership position.
I Balance
Second, while growing
globally through innovation, we will work to achieve balance and stability — knowing that this notion is often at odds with growth.
After the telecommunications downturn, many people ques- tioned the rapid growth of
our telecom segment — which at one point had represented more than 70 percent of our revenues. Our response has been consistent: We will
always pursue attractive markets where our strength in innovation can make a sig- nificant difference — and we will let the markets determine the level of our involvement at any given time.
In other words, we won’t seek to balance the outputs of our investments — that’s what the markets will deter- mine. We will, however, balance the inputs, carefully controlling how we choose to pursue certain technologies and the investments we make as we develop new market opportunities.
Being constantly mindful of achieving this balance will help us mitigate the inherent cycles of a high-technology business, and maintain a level of stability as we continue
to grow. While we know
we will always go through cycles, we also know that avoiding extreme, ongoing volatility will help us move much more smoothly toward another 150 years of innova- tion and independence. We are encouraged that we are seeing initial success in three markets — LCD, diesel substrates and FTTx. This

diversity should help us in achieving more stability and balance as we strive for growth.
I Preserving trust
In deploying a strategy that involves both growth and stability, we know a natural tension will develop. And that is where we will depend on the third part of our strategy: always living the Values of the company and insisting
on good governance. By remaining true to these princi- ples, we ensure that we will preserve the trust of our shareholders, our partners, our customers, our employees and our communities.
I firmly believe that we have been able to turn the company around and set it on this path toward growth because our entire organization is so committed to our Values ...
to Quality, Integrity, Performance, Leadership, Innovation, Independence and The Individual. We talk about these Values constantly, but we do more than talk — we
live them and hold one another accountable for them. They form the context within which we operate; they provide ongoing direction for us in each and every action we take. And I believe passionately that they will continue to be the foundation of all our future successes.
Why we’re
confident we’ll succeed
Our culture of innovation
is remarkable — in fact, it’s legendary, borne of more than 150 years of creating products that have helped change the way we live. The tough mate- rials and manufacturing problems we solve for our customers are so complex that most other companies won’t even try them — and at Corning, we thrive upon them!
Our people — from senior leaders through every level
of our highly diverse, global organization — recognize
this rich heritage and the Values that keep it alive.
We are committed to giving our people the environment they need to continue to push the boundaries of science and to shape the future for all of us.
I thank you, our shareholders, for your ongoing confidence in the company. You’ve
been able to observe and experience the energy and dedication we have put into bringing Corning through this difficult time. And
now, with recovery at hand, I can assure you that we are putting that same relentless focus on our bright future.
The people of Corning are making it happen once again — reaffirming that Corning is a growing, vibrant leader where anything is possible!
Sincerely,
  James R. Houghton
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
