 To our shareholders:
WendellP.Weeks
Chairman of the Board,
Chief Executive Officer & President
Last year, Corning Incorporated celebrated its 160th anniversary. I told shareholders that I believe this is one of the most exciting times in the company’s history, and that remains true. Market trends are creating new opportunities for Corning’s innovations, and customers are turning to us to solve tough technology problems.
But 160 years of experience has taught us that, while Corning succeeds during good times and bad, the path rarely looks the same when we arrive at a destination as when we first started out.
At our annual investor meeting in February, we shared our plan to reach $10 billion in sales by 2014. We made significant progress toward that goal in 2011. In fact, Corning had an extremely strong year in a very tough environment. We delivered the highest annual sales in the company’s history. We had significant growth in most of our businesses. We won new customers and commercialized innovative new products. And we advanced our new business portfolio.
However, we also had our share of challenges. The liquid- crystal display supply chain underwent a correction in the second half of the year, resulting in lower demand for Corning’s LCD glass. An unprecedented surge in the automotive and truck industries created capacity constraints for emis- sions-control products. And a significant upheaval in the solar market for polysilicon, along with raw-material pricing pressure, impacted our equity venture Dow Corning Corporation.
We delivered the growth we promised at the beginning of the year, but the drivers were slightly different than we expected. Excess LCD panel capacity and price declines led to lower- than-expected growth in our Display Technologies segment. Meanwhile, our Telecommunications and Environmental Technologies segments significantly outperformed our expectations.
Once again, Corning’s performance underscores the benefits of participating in diverse businesses and markets. It also demonstrates Corning’s ability to manage any surprises that come our way.
Through good times and bad, we remain focused on our mission of another 160 years of innovation and independence.
A clear set of priorities guides us:
n Protect our financial health n Invest in our future
n Always live our Values
So let’s take a closer look at how Corning performed against these Operating Priorities.
2011 Highlights
Protect Our Financial Health
We create stability by maintaining a healthy balance sheet. We ended 2011 with $5.8 billion in cash and short-term investments and only $2.4 billion in debt. Our chief financial officer, James Flaws, describes Corning’s current balance sheet as a “fortress.” While this is colorful language from our generally conservative CFO, it is not hyperbole. Corning’s exceptionally strong balance sheet ensures that we can weather bad times when they come, while also providing the flexibility to make strategic investments to improve Corning’s competitive position.
We set several records for financial performance, including sales of $7.9 billion, gross margin of $3.6 billion, and an eighth consecutive year of positive free cash flow.

Net income, however, fell in 2011. Although some of this was the result of the aforementioned declines in Display Technologies and at Dow Corning, a significant portion resulted from Corning’s higher tax rate. We were prepared for this change and set the expectation with shareholders well in advance.
Perhaps the most exciting thing about Corning’s performance is how all business segments contributed to our strong results.
s Telecomsaleswereup21%yearoveryear,drivenbystrong demand for fiber-to-the-home and enterprise networking products. We won new customers, including a major contract with Australia’s National Broadband Network.
s Specialty Materials sales were up 86% driven largely by Corning® Gorilla® Glass, which nearly tripled sales over 2010 and is now featured in more than 600 million devices worldwide.
s EnvironmentalTechnologiessalesincreased22%over2010 as the rebound in the automotive and trucking industries drove strong demand for Corning’s emissions-control innovations.
s LifeSciencessalesincreased17%asaresultofour acquisition strategy.
s AndwhilesalesgrowthinDisplayTechnologieswas primarily driven by favorable foreign exchange rates, increased efficiencies in this segment were a key factor in Corning’s strong gross margins.
These results demonstrate that we are succeeding at building a bigger, more balanced company.
Invest in the Future
Corning invests in the future three ways: capital expenditures to capture growth opportunities; strategic acquisitions to enhance our capabilities or gain access to new markets; and, most importantly, innovation to both extend Corning’s leadership in our existing segments and create entirely new businesses.
In 2011, we invested more than $2.4 billion in capital expendi- tures. We expanded manufacturing capacity for fusion-formed glass in Harrodsburg, Kentucky, to meet the need for Gorilla® Glass and support our development of photovoltaic glass. We expanded our Environmental Technologies plants in China and Germany to meet the robust demand for automotive substrates and diesel particulate filters. We completed a $400
million expansion of our Sullivan Park science and technology center to support specialty glass adjacencies and other growth opportunities. We began adding LCD glass melting capability in Beijing to support China’s growing panel industry. And we opened a new application development center in Taipei, Taiwan, to enable closer collaboration and hands-on interaction with our Asia-based customers.
We also followed through on our plan to enhance our strength in telecommunications and life sciences through external development. We strengthened our wireless expert- ise with the acquisition of MobileAccess. And the acquisition of Mediatech, Inc. extends Corning’s drug-discovery capabili- ties by adding new cell-culture media and molecular biology reagents to our portfolio of labware products.
Of course, organic innovation will always be the primary way that Corning grows. Here are some highlights from our 2011 research and development efforts:
s WeintroducedCorningLotusTMGlassforhigh-performance displays, including organic light-emitting diode (OLED) technology and next-generation LCDs.
s WecommercializedClearCurve®VSDN®fiber,bringing high-speed optical connections to consumer electronic devices.
s Weimprovedthecompositionofourindustry-leading
cover glass, leading to the January 2012 launch of Corning® Gorilla® Glass 2, which provides unparalleled damage resistance in an incredibly thin new form factor.
We also advanced our new product portfolio. Our photovoltaic glass set a new efficiency record for full-scale solar modules with General Electric. And we leveraged Corning’s proprietary fusion process to produce an ultra-slim flexible glass of exceptional surface quality that is five times thinner than standard display glass. This glass has the potential to revolu- tionize the manufacturing process for electronic devices and enable the production of exciting new displays.
So we continue to deliver on our innovation programs. In fact, Corning topped the Patent Board’s scorecard of innovators in the industrial materials category for the fifth consecutive year, underscoring the fact that we remain one of the world’s most productive research and development organizations.
Live Our Values
How we do things will always be as important as what we achieve. We live all seven of our Values — Quality, Integrity, Performance, Leadership, Innovation, Independence, and The Individual — all the time, all around the world.

“We are succeeding at building a bigger, more balanced company.”
You could argue that Integrity is actually at the heart of all of them. One way we live this Value is by communicating openly and honestly. During the fourth quarter, we shared news that an LCD glass customer had informed us that the company would not be honoring its volume commitments. Although we did not yet know the details that led to this deci- sion, we felt it was important to tell shareholders as much as we knew and explain how it could impact our performance. We were disappointed in how the stock market reacted to our announcement, but our commitment to transparency is unwavering. You can count on us to continue communicating information quickly and candidly to ensure the trust of all of our stakeholders.
Looking Ahead to 2012 and Beyond
Since 1851, Corning has kept its eyes on the future. Last year, we went a step further and shared our vision with the world in a video titled A Day Made of Glass. The video portrayed a world of communication and connection, where people inter- act with ubiquitous displays that feature intuitive interfaces and provide real-time information. We were stunned by the tremendous response to the video, which generated more than 17 million views on YouTube and prompted hundreds of inquiries from consumers and potential customers. It was good publicity, for sure, but we were most excited by the energy around this vision and the validation from companies in diverse industries that Corning’s technologies and capabilities are vital.
As we head into the future, we are confident that mega- trends continue to play to Corning’s strengths, driving growth opportunities across our diverse businesses. The proliferation of mobile devices and touch technology creates the need for highly engineered specialty glass; the surge in Internet traffic requires massive bandwidth that only fiber-optic networks can provide; the push for a greener environment drives demand for emissions-control products and clean-energy solutions; and effective healthcare requires efficient new drug-discovery tools.
Of course, we know that the company will continue to face tough challenges as well. As the LCD industry matures, growth rates in our Display Technologies segment will continue to
slow. However, we have been preparing for this scenario by creating the growth drivers for Corning’s future. Our other business segments are offsetting the slower growth rate in LCD glass, and we expect to create at least one new business by 2014. Moreover, there is still a lot of opportunity in the display industry. Retail sales of LCD televisions remain strong, and screens 40 inches and larger are the fastest-growing size category. That’s good for Corning because it translates into higher glass volume. And even after the LCD industry matures, Corning’s Display Technologies segment will continue to generate significant cash, which we can invest in growth initiatives. Finally, the versatility of Corning’s proprietary fusion manufacturing process allows us to leverage LCD glass-making capacity for new display technologies and other applications in the future.
Closing Thoughts
We’re proud of our achievements in 2011 and excited about Corning’s future. No doubt, 2012 brings both opportunities and challenges. We look forward to solving tough new technology problems with Corning’s innovations. And we are confident in our ability to manage the challenges ahead.
This confidence is reflected in our decision in the fourth quarter to increase Corning’s dividend from $0.05 to $0.075 per share and undertake a stock repurchase program of up to $1.5 billion.
We hope we have earned your confidence as well with our track record of performance. Thank you for continuing on this journey with us.
Sincerely,
Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer & President
 