                                        To Our Shareholders:
 John W. Loose, President and Chief Executive Officer James R. Houghton, Chairman
Extremely challenging business conditions in the telecom- munications sector Ñ against a backdrop of global eco- nomic weakness Ñ took a heavy toll on Corning IncorporatedÕs performance during the past year. You, our investors, are keenly aware of the difficulties we have faced as a company. Yet, with 150 years of being one of the greatest scientific and manufacturing organizations in America, we have not lost confidence in our ability to meet these challenges.
What has happened? What have we done about it? Where do we stand now? And why do we remain so opti- mistic about our future, while still maintaining sober real- ism about what we must do in the short term? Why can you believe in Corning? These are the issues we will address in this report.
Year-end results
Sales for the year totaled $6.3 billion, a decrease of 12% compared with 2000Õs sales of $7.1 billion. Corning reported a full-year 2001 net loss of $5.5 billion, or $5.89 per share. This compares to net income from continuing operations of $409 million, or $0.46 per share, for 2000. On a pro- forma basis (excluding goodwill amortization, restruc- turing, impairments and other nonrecurring items), Corning recorded earnings of $0.17 per share compared with $1.22 per share in 2000.
What happened?
Clearly, these results are very disappointing to all of us.
Over a span of just a few months, we went from anticipat- ing a continuation of the growth we had enjoyed in recent years to, instead, conserving cash and taking sweeping actions to re-size the company. Those actions were a reflec- tion of our lower level of revenues.
HereÕs how the events unfolded, creating this deeply troubling scenario:
Ñ In January, we began to see a drop in orders of pho- tonic products as systems houses faced a rapidly declin- ing market for transmission equipment. We warned that ongoing softness in capital availability for the tele- communications sector would begin to impact our earnings. Internally, we began cost-control plans to reflect our revised situation.
Ñ During the second quarter, we saw a significant reduc- tion of North American long-haul fiber orders, particu- larly for our premium, higher-margin product line, LEAF fiber. We warned that our near-term visibility was becoming more limited, and that a meaningful recovery for our long-haul telecommunications cus- tomers would occur much more slowly than we had previously anticipated.
Ñ In the third quarter, the incumbent telecom carriers began canceling orders for single-mode fiber. Basically, they were pulling back on their plans to build out net- works. Weakened competitors were posing less of a threat, and they were reluctant to make more capital investments in an increasingly uncertain economy. And as the economic deterioration accelerated, not a single
>1>

                                         one of our businesses Ñ from optical fiber to environ- mental substrates to advanced liquid crystal displays (LCDs) Ñ was left unaffected by the slowdown.
Ñ In the midst of this already shaky situation, the tragic events of September 11 put an even greater pall over the entire economy.
Actions weÕve taken to remain strong Our first action was to communicate Ñ with you, with Wall Street, with our employees, with our customers and with our partners. We didnÕt mince words Ñ we told what we knew, when we knew it. Here are some of the deci- sive moves weÕve announced about reducing our cost structure and strengthening our competitive position for the future:
Ñ We re-sized the company to reflect our lowered revenues.
Regrettably, this meant the elimination of about 12,000 jobs throughout the world Ñ beginning in late February and accelerating through the course of 2001. Certainly, these actions were the hardest to undertake Ñ we fully recognize the pain and personal disruption this has had on both our employees and our communities.
Ñ We announced closings of seven major plants, from new photonics operations to one of our long-standing lighting facilities.
Ñ We idled or severely curtailed activity at our four opti- cal fiber manufacturing facilities during the fourth quar- ter to align production with demand and to significantly reduce inventory.
Ñ We reduced capital spending plans, cutting original 2001 capital spending plans from $2.5 billion to $1.8 billion, and to less than $500 million for 2002. We stopped all expan- sion activities in the Telecommunications Segment.
Ñ We discontinued our fledgling Advanced Microarray Technology business Ñ an exciting initiative that, unfor- tunately, still carried more risk than we were willing to carry, particularly given current circumstances.
In addition to significant spending reductions, we also took swift actions to preserve our healthy balance sheet and our cash liquidity.
Ñ We discontinued our common stock dividend, deciding instead to reinvest cash into the company.
Ñ We took advantage of especially low interest rates to issue $665 million in convertible bonds. We will use the funds for general corporate purposes, including the possible funding of strategic investments for the future.
Why weÕre still healthy
Having taken all these actions, we ended 2001 with a healthy balance sheet, including $2.2 billion in cash and short- term investments and the ability to borrow an additional $2.0 billion if necessary. In all, we believe that these resources are adequate for us to weather the current eco- nomic storm. More importantly, we are driving our oper- ations, excluding some one-time events, to achieve Òfree cash-flow neutralÓ operations in the second half of the year.
This strong cash position also gives us the flexi- bility to capitalize on strategic opportunities and to invest in our future. Certainly we will look at these decisions long and hard Ñ with a rigorous risk-assessment process Ñ especially now that times are so difficult. But we are still investing Ñ we are still looking for ways to build for our future. For example, during 2001 we:
Ñ Announced plans to acquire LucentÕs cable and fiber
operations in China.When completed this year, this move will position us to gain stronger market access to China, a significant growth area for us in the future.
Ñ Announced plans for a new diesel emission control product manufacturing facility, for which we will break ground during 2002. This is part of our strategy of fill- ing the future needs of the automotive industry as it faces stricter governmental emissions regulations over the next several years.
Our strategy
WeÕve also spent a great deal of time asking ourselves Ñ and asking others Ñ many tough questions about our strategy. Is our focus on growth and technology industries still sound? No matter whom we ask Ñ from independent consultants to Wall Street analysts to trusted partners Ñ the answer is always a resounding Òyes.Ó
>2>

                                         Underscoring this outlook is our continued com- mitment to technology and ensuring the health of our development pipeline. We remain, at our core, a technol- ogy company and our commitment to innovation remains one of our most fundamental values.
Have we hit bottom?
There are still many variables at work, both in the econ- omy and the broader economic and political landscape. We do, however, believe that the first quarter of 2002 will rep- resent a bottoming-out across our businesses, and we have shared this view with investment analysts. We expect, also, that our revenue run rates will improve as the year plays out Ñ but the specific timing of an overall recovery remains uncertain. We believe the fundamental drivers of our opti- cal layer strategy remain intact, and that growth and recov- ery will be led by optical fiber buildouts in the metro and access markets and by the lighting of previously installed long-haul fibers which will require photonic modules.
Why weÕre still excited about the future Despite the short-term pain Ñ and our realistic view that 2002 will still be an extremely challenging year Ñ our belief in a bright future for Corning remains unshak- able. For proof, we need look no further than the mar- kets weÕre in Ñ and how we are closely aligned with three very fundamental megatrends that will continue to drive our growth:
Ñ The thirst for information. Bandwidth demand contin- ues to grow at a rate of between 60% and 80% annually, spurred primarily by business users and the Internet. And Corning has the worldÕs most intimate under- standing of what fiber can do Ñ as well as how to produce it more cost-effectively than anyone else.
Ñ The desire to display information. A result of all this bandwidth demand is always the need to translate information into usable and entertaining displays. Our ultra-thin LCD substrates do just that Ñ and we con- tinue to help companies meet ongoing demands for devices that are lighter, sharper, brighter and more durable than ever before.
Ñ The desire for a cleaner environment. There is no question that the worldÕs people are demanding a safer and cleaner environment. Such demands, though subject to regulatory implementation plans of the worldÕs governments, will continue to be voiced...and heard. Corning knows better than anyone how to develop and produce advanced ceramic substrates for emission controls.
We are capitalizing on these growth drivers with a very simple, but very effective business model Ñ one that inseparably links our technologies with our markets. This powerful and outward-facing combination is enabled by our outstanding people and a passion for process excel- lence. These principles Ñ along with our values and an operating environment that allows people to do their best work every day Ñ form our sense of direction, and keep us on the path to continued growth.
We do not take your confidence for granted. Achieving sustained value over time for you, our share- holders, is the motivation for everything we do. On the pages that follow, we present a closer look at Corning Incorporated as we enter our 151st year. We invite you to examine more of the reasons we are confident that weÕll continue to earn your trust for many years to come.
Sincerely,
James R. Houghton Chairman
John W. Loose
President and Chief Executive Officer
  >3>
