                 To Our Shareholders:
Corning entered 2015 with a goal to Build on Our Momentum and Grow. We understand that growth is an ongoing process and the path is rarely linear, so we did not expect to declare “mission accom- plished” at year’s end. However, we encountered global economic headwinds and other challenges that lowered our growth expectations as the year progressed, despite increasing our momentum
in several key areas. Fortunately, Corning is well- equipped to navigate these challenges.
More than a decade of outstanding industrial performance has given us a strong foundation on which to build. Since 2004, we have grown sales, net income, earnings per share, and operating cash flow at close to double-digit rates. We’ve outper- formed our competitors in our major segments. We’ve achieved the lowest-cost manufacturing position in key businesses. And we’ve created more than $1.5 billion in entirely new revenue streams by launching disruptive products such as Corning® Gorilla® Glass.
This track record of performance has created a rich set of opportunities and strong cash flow that make us confident in our ability to deliver sustainable growth and continue creating value for shareholders.
2015 Performance Highlights
Before I turn to Corning’s strategy for 2016
and the years ahead, let’s review Corning’s 2015 performance.
Core sales were $9.8 billion; core earnings were $1.88 billion; and core earnings per share were $1.40. Those numbers reflect the weak global economy and foreign currency fluctuations, which impacted most of our businesses. However, strong results in Optical Communications helped offset challenges in other areas.
Here’s a closer look at how each of our major businesses performed:
n In Display Technologies, sales were down from 2014 due to lower demand for LCD televisions and IT products. However, LCD glass price declines were the smallest they have been in five years, despite the worst display industry environment in five years.
n Optical Communications sales were up year over year, driven by strong demand for fiber to the home and data centers in North America.
Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman of the Board,
Chief Executive Officer & President

                n In Specialty Materials, Gorilla Glass volume was up versus 2014. However, segment sales were down overall due to the completion of a large aerospace and defense program, softer demand in the semiconductor industry, and the weaker euro.
n Environmental Technologies sales were down year over year due to the declining euro and end-market weakness in China for both passenger cars and heavy-duty diesel trucks.
n In Life Sciences, sales were lower than expected, due to the weak euro.
Despite the economic headwinds, growth in Optical Communications was sufficient to produce aggre- gate growth in our non-Display segments. These results once again demonstrate the value of our diverse business portfolio.
New Growth Drivers
Corning grows primarily through innovation.
We invest strongly in research, development, and engineering (RD&E) to innovate in our existing busi- nesses, while also creating entirely new businesses to drive growth in the years ahead. We then supple- ment that organic growth by pursuing acquisitions and ventures to enhance our product portfolio and extend our market access.
In 2015, we introduced several new products and advanced key innovation programs.
n We launched Corning Lotus® NXT Glass, which has become the leading glass substrate for high-performance displays.
n The first televisions to use our new Corning IrisTM Glass as a light-guide plate became commercially available.
n We introduced our EDGE8TM solution, a new full-connectivity system for data centers.
n We commercialized FLORATM substrates, which reduce the dangerous emissions that occur upon engine startup.
n We expanded our drug-discovery portfolio with the introduction of HepatoCellsTM for toxicology and drug metabolism studies, and TransportoCellsTM for testing drug-drug interactions.
n
We reached a major milestone in our efforts
to extend Gorilla Glass into new markets, with Ford’s introduction of the Ford GT. This is the first production vehicle to use Gorilla Glass for multiple glazing applications, including the windshield, rear engine cover, and acoustic separation wall.
We faced challenges as well. The exact timing and impact of innovations remain difficult to predict. The adoption of some products (such as Gorilla Glass 4) proceeded more quickly than anticipated, while others (such as our ONETM Cellular Solutions) are proceeding more slowly. However, when we assess Corning’s overall innovation portfolio, we are pleased with the robustness of our pipeline and the oppor- tunities for both near-term and long-term growth.
On the acquisition front, we extended our leader- ship in Optical Communications with the addition of TR Manufacturing, Inc.; Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.’s fiber business; and iBwave Solutions. These acquisitions had an immediate positive impact on Corning’s bottom line, in addition to improving our competitive position. We also acquired Gerresheimer’s glass tubing business and entered into an equity venture to capture an exciting opportunity in pharmaceutical packaging that we believe has the potential to become a very signifi- cant new business.
Our Strategy and Capital Allocation Framework
Let’s turn to how we are focusing Corning’s portfolio and utilizing our financial strength to drive growth and create value for shareholders.
Capital Allocation Plans
We expect to generate more than $20 billion between 2016 and 2019. In October 2015, we announced our plan to invest $10 billion of that cash in RD&E, capital expenditures, and acquisitions to drive growth in the years ahead. We also announced that we will distribute at least $10 billion (approxi- mately half of our current market cap) to sharehold- ers. We are committed to increasing the dividend by at least 10 percent annually through 2019, and we will continue to be opportunistic on share repurchases. We are executing on that commitment. Last October, Corning’s board of directors increased our repurchase authorization by $4 billion; between October 2015 and January of this year, we executed a $1.25 billion accelerated share repurchase; and in February, our board authorized a 12.5 percent quar- terly common stock dividend increase.

                 Focused Portfolio
Higher Success Rate, Lower Costs, and Better Cohesion
3 Core Technologies
4 Manufacturing & Engineering Platforms
5 Market-Access Platforms
Optical Communications
Mobile Consumer Electronics
Display Automotive Life Sciences Vessels
      Glass Science
 Ceramic Science
Optical Physics
Vapor Deposition
Fusion
  Precision Forming
   Extrusion
Focus > 80% of resources on opportunities that leverage capabilities from at least two of three columns.
Focusing Our Portfolio
The core of what Corning does is invent, make, and sell. We create value by inventing category-defining products, using transformative manufacturing plat- forms, and building strong, trust-based relationships with global leaders in their industries. We’re seek- ing to augment that value-creation through a more focused and cohesive portfolio that improves our probability of success, reduces the cost of innovation, and increases the barriers to entry.
The framework focuses our portfolio on a set of reinforcing capabilities with strong inter-connections. Corning’s best-in-the-world capabilities include three core technologies, four manufacturing and engineering platforms, and five market-access platforms. Our probability of success increases
as we apply more of these world-class capabilities; our cost of innovation declines as we re-apply talent and leverage our existing assets; and we create higher, more sustainable competitive barriers when we combine multiple capabilities.
Focusing our portfolio means we are directing 80 percent or more of our resources to opportunities that draw from at least two of these three capabili- ties sets. Few competitors can match our expertise in any one of our focus capabilities, and when we combine capabilities, we can create market-leading positions and margins. Of course, we recognize that Corning is the natural leader for some great oppor- tunities that do not require multiple capabilities. Our framework allows us to apply up to 20 percent of our resources on these opportunities. However, we know that those initiatives are riskier, so we only pursue them if the potential payoff is exceptional.
We developed this approach based on experience. Gorilla Glass is a great example of re-applying talent and leveraging our manufacturing and market- access platforms. To develop Gorilla Glass, we re-applied our expertise in glass science to deliver a new-to-the-world product faster and at lower cost than anyone else could have done. To manufacture it, we used fusion technology and manufacturing assets built for our Display business. That saved
us about $800 million in capital, significantly enhancing our return on investment.

                Our track record in Optical Communications demonstrates how combining capabilities creates higher and more sustainable competitive advantages. Using glass science, optical physics, and vapor deposition, we have dramatically increased the performance and lowered the cost of optical fiber. Ceramic science helped us improve connectors and reduce signal loss. We use extrusion to make cabling. And we use precision forming to make connectors. Not only have our customers benefited from this combination of our world-class capabilities, we’ve benefited as well. For instance, in the passive optical markets we serve, we capture 20 percent
of the revenue, but 30 percent of the profits.
Focusing our portfolio also means that we will peri- odically add assets that complement our capabilities and divest or realign assets that fall outside our core capabilities. In December, we announced our plans to exchange Corning’s 50 percent interest in Dow Corning Corporation for a subsidiary that will hold approximately 40 percent ownership in Hemlock Semiconductor Group and $4.8 billion in cash. We believe this transaction creates significant value for shareholders. The realignment will be accretive to Corning’s EPS, and our position in Hemlock allows us to capture potential upside from a rebound in the solar market. The $4.8 billion is approximately 30 times the equity earnings from Dow Corning’s silicones business, and we expect the realignment to be essentially tax free.
Opportunities Ahead
Corning’s technologies and manufacturing plat- forms are becoming increasingly relevant to a broad range of industries, as illustrated in our depiction of The Glass Age (opposite page). For example, automakers are looking to make cars lighter, safer, sleeker, and more interactive, which creates disruptive innovation opportunities for Corning.
We believe Gorilla Glass offers compelling benefits including lighter weight for better fuel economy and vehicle handling; toughness and damage resistance to make vehicles safer and more durable; and an optically advantaged surface for head-up displays and touch technology. Best of all, we can leverage our existing capabilities and trust-based relationships to develop the new products. The automotive industry represents a potential glass market larger in square feet than the current LCD market, so we are understandably excited about this opportunity. In January, we entered into a joint venture with Saint-Gobain Sekurit to produce light- weight auto glazing. We look forward to providing updates on this initiative and other growth oppor- tunities as we progress.
Closing Thoughts
No doubt, we will continue to face challenges
in 2016. But we’re confident in Corning’s long- term growth prospects and our ability to execute, because we have a strong record of performance, a robust innovation portfolio, and distinct capabilities that are becoming increasingly vital. Most impor- tantly, we always keep our eyes on the prize — not just another 165 years of innovation and independence for Corning, but also a world with cleaner air, unlimited bandwidth, more effective medicine, richer entertainment experiences, and more efficient communication. When you invest in Corning, you are investing in that world, too. Thank you for helping us bring it to life.
Sincerely,
Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman of the Board,
Chief Executive Officer, and President
 