    To our shareholders:
Corning Incorporated had an outstanding year in 2010. We delivered strong financial results including record profits and earnings per share, excluding special items. We commercialized innovative new products across our diverse businesses. We captured important market opportunities in China. And we continued to advance our new business portfolio.
Corning’s strong 2010 performance is the result of tremendous work by our employees, the company’s participation in diversi- fied global markets, and a clear Corporate Strategy Framework that guides us during good times and bad. That strategy is to grow through global innovation, to proactively create stability and balance, and to always live our Values.
Corning’s Management Committee designed this Corporate Strategy Framework to support our mission of another 160 years of innovation and independence, and we use it as the foundation for our annual Operating Priorities.
Corning’s 2010 priorities were to:
s Protect our financial health; s Improve profitability;
s Invest in the future; and
s Live our Values
These priorities have remain
years, although the focus has shifted depending on business conditions and market trends. You may recall that we entered 2010 in a position of relative strength after navigating a difficult global recession. However, the recession set us back in terms of overall growth. So we designed our 2010 operating plan with a greater emphasis on growth and revenue generation. The plan included aggressive targets for net income and free cash flow. We also increased our focus on growth opportunities that leverage Corning’s core competencies in glass research, manu- facturing, and engineering to solve new problems — what we refer to as “adjacent innovation.”
So how did we do against these Operating Priorities?
2010 Highlights
Protect Our Financial Health
In 2010, Corning improved its already-strong financial health. We continued to strengthen the company’s balance sheet, ending the year with more than $6 billion in cash and short-term investments. This exceptionally strong balance sheet gives us the flexibility to make strategic investments to improve Corning’s competitive position.
Improve Profitability
We also met or exceeded targets for all our major financial metrics. Sales were up 23 percent over 2009, resulting in the second-highest annual revenues in Corning’s history. Gross margin improved from 39 percent of sales in 2009 to 46 percent in 2010. We generated net income of nearly $3.6 billon and earnings per share of $2.25. And we delivered a seventh consecutive year of positive free cash flow.
Corning’s results were helped by a weak dollar, but all our segments improved their performance year-over-year.
s In Display Technologies, sales increased 24 percent, thanks to an LCD glass market that grew by 28 percent.
s Environmental Technologies sales were up 38 percent, driven by a surge in worldwide auto production and improved demand for diesel engines.
s Telecommunications sales were up slightly, driven by stronger-than-expected demand for fiber-to-the-home and enterprise products.
s Life Sciences sales were up 39 percent, resulting from
a combination of growth in existing businesses and the impact of acquisitions.
s Finally, sales in Specialty Materials were up a remarkable 75 percent, driven largely by the voracious appetite
for Corning® Gorilla® Glass.
                ed
consistent for the past eight
      
So, despite a still-sluggish U.S. economy, Corning’s financial performance in 2010 was exceptional. Corning’s ability to solve difficult problems for customers was a significant factor. We participate in markets where product innovation really matters, creating opportunities to grow faster than the general economy. China’s continued growth was also a big contributor, generating strong demand for optical fiber, emissions-control products, and LCD TVs.
Our results demonstrate the value of Corning’s innovation focus and the vital role that product and geographic diversity play in creating stability, balance, and growth.
Invest in the Future
Corning is home to one of the world’s most productive research and development organizations, which delivers new products for existing businesses as well as innovations for entirely new businesses. Thanks to outstanding collaboration between our R&D organization and business segments, we made significant progress on our Invest in the Future initiatives in 2010.
Here are some highlights:
s In Display Technologies, we launched EAGLE XG® Slim glass, which enables slimmer, more lightweight electronic devices. Corning is now producing LCD glass for handheld and IT applications that is a remarkable 0.4 millimeters “thin,” and LCD glass for television applications that is only
0.5 millimeters thick. That means we are providing our customers with sheets of glass that are as large as a king-size mattress and about four times the width
of a human hair.
s In Telecommunications, demand for Corning’s Pretium EDGETM solution exceeded our expectations. Pretium EDGE builds on ClearCurve® fiber technology to simplify optical network installations in data centers. Customer pull was so strong that conversion from our standard product offering to Pretium EDGE occurred faster than anticipated and Corning strengthened its market position.
s In Specialty Materials, Corning® Gorilla® Glass more than tripled sales over 2009 and has become one of Corning’s fastest-growing products ever. Adoption is occurring so quickly, our data points are out of date almost as soon
as we report them. But at the end of 2010, Corning Gorilla Glass was designed into approximately 300 product models by 27 major brands — up from 70 product models and 15 brands at the end of 2009. That translates into hundreds of millions of devices worldwide featuring Corning Gorilla Glass — which means there’s a good chance you own at least one.
The potential for even wider adoption and new applications for Corning Gorilla Glass prompted us to launch Corning’s first major consumer marketing campaign in more than a decade. We think we have the opportunity to make Corning Gorilla Glass synonymous with beautiful, tough cover glass, and we’ve “employed” a tech-savvy urban gorilla to help spread the word. The first ads began appearing in magazines and online in December 2010, and you’ll see them throughout the year.
We also advanced our adjacent innovation efforts. We expanded Gorilla Glass into the TV cover glass market, and we’ve identified potential opportunities in architecture, appliances, and automotive applications. Another promising initiative is our photovoltaics program, which leverages Corning’s flat-glass expertise for solar-energy applications. We have shown that our specialty glass for thin-film photovoltaics can convert sunlight to energy more efficiently than the glass currently used. Last fall, we reached a major milestone when we achieved a record-breaking conversion rate of 11.9 percent in lab trials on thin-film technology known as silicon tandem. So we are very excited by the potential of this opportunity.
Live Our Values
Of course, how we do things is as important as what we achieve, so I’m especially proud of how we have continued to live our Values: Quality, Integrity, Performance, Leadership, Innovation, Independence, and The Individual. As we expand Corning’s global operations, we devote significant resources to educating employees about our Corporate Values to ensure that we live all seven, all the time, all around the world.
We have been extremely pleased with how Corning’s Values resonate with our Asian employees, and the critical role they have played in attracting and retaining talent. Thanks to our distinctive culture and strong set of Corporate Values, Corning’s attrition rate for salaried employees is less than half that of other companies operating in Asia.
One key Values focus area in 2010 was talent development, which is part of our commitment to honoring The Individual. We introduced new tools to empower employees to take more control over their own professional development, and we launched a concerted talent development effort in Asia to support Corning’s growth in the region.
When we say our people are our greatest asset, it’s not a cliché. We know we need the right people to succeed in today’s global economy, so the Management Committee will continue to devote a lot of attention to talent management moving forward.

Challenges and Choices
Of course, not everything in 2010 went our way. A correction in the LCD supply chain negatively impacted our results in the second half of the year. And although we were pleased by the uptick in demand for diesel filters, we faced manufacturing challenges as we quickly ramped up to supply our customers. Finally, we had to make tough choices about pacing and prioritizing our innovation pipeline, including the decision to discontinue our synthetic green laser program. We believe that advancements with native green lasers in the past year have limited the market opportunity for synthetic green lasers. Therefore, we are redeploying the resources to other areas of our technology portfolio.
Corning will always face challenges and tough choices, but our track record gives us confidence in our ability to make good decisions and handle any surprises that come our way.
Looking Ahead: $10B in Sales
As we look ahead, Corning’s future is very bright. Market trends are creating new opportunities for Corning’s innovations, and we believe we are in the right place, at the right time, with the right products.
The desire for more portable devices and sophisticated touch technology is generating strong customer pull for Corning’s thin, tough cover glass. The demand for more sophisticated viewing experiences is driving the need for Corning’s industry- leading display glass. The push for a cleaner environment is creating demand for Corning’s emissions-control technologies. The need for fast, reliable access to large volumes of informa- tion requires high-speed networks powered by Corning’s telecom products. Moreover, emerging global markets are generating demand for products that cannot be met by domestic producers alone.
In 2010, we announced a number of strategic investments to capitalize on these opportunities. Many of these investments are already underway. They include:
s Expanding manufacturing capacity for fusion-formed glass in Taichung, Taiwan and Harrodsburg, Kentucky
s Adding LCD glass melting in Beijing
s Expanding our automotive substrate plant in Shanghai
s Expanding light-duty diesel manufacturing in South Africa and Germany
s Investing in a new life sciences manufacturing and distribution facility in China
From this list, you can see that we are investing across diverse businesses and geographies to build a bigger, more balanced company. We believe Corning has the potential to generate $10 billion in annual sales within a few years, and we have a path to get there.
The majority of Corning’s growth will be organic, with strong sales expected from our existing businesses. We will also continue to expand Corning’s geographic reach to capture growth in emerging markets. Lastly, we will consider selective mergers and acquisitions to supplement this growth. Any mergers and acquisitions will be consistent with our Corporate Strategy — we’ll look for companies or technologies that complement Corning’s existing business portfolio and tech- nologies, or that provide us strategic access into key markets.
And that is a fitting note on which to end. As we look to 2011 and beyond, you can expect a lot of consistency from us. We will stick with our Corporate Strategy Framework and our Operating Priorities because they work. And we will grow the company in a way that ensures we always live our Values and stay focused on our goal of another 160 years of innovation and independence.
Sincerely,
Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer & President
 s Acquiring a life sciences business in France
