Wendell P. Weeks Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer & President

To our shareholders,
In 2013, Corning had the kind of year that makes me exceptionally proud of our leadership team and our 31,000 dedicated employees worldwide. We delivered on our goal to improve profitability, we launched exciting new innovations, we enhanced Corning's strategic and financial position through a series of agreements with Samsung, and we increased efficiencies across our businesses. We did all of this while remaining true to our corporate Values and honoring our commitment to reward shareholders. I believe that we achieved these strong results despite a tough environment because our people are motivated by the same objectives: the determination to preserve this great institution, a desire to pull our weight alongside colleagues who are working just as hard, and the drive to produce life-changing innovations.

of

Optical Fiber -- 1970 Ceramic Substrates -- 1972 LCD Glass -- 1985 Corning® ClearCurve® Fiber-- 2007 Corning® Gorilla® Glass -- 2007

Process Finesse Throughout its rich history, Corning's processes have been as innovative as its products. Today, Corning continues to increase the speed and efficiency of its manufacturing while also developing breakthrough techniques to bring new products and capabilities to life. Here's a look at some Corning processes that have transformed industries, and how the company continues to engineer the future.

Although we will always assess our success by our effectiveness at meeting each year's priorities, it has also been extremely rewarding this year to see third parties recognize Corning's strong performance. Forbes magazine touted Corning's track record of innovation in a seven-page feature story; the U.S. Patent Board placed Corning at the top of its innovation scorecard in the industrial materials category for the seventh consecutive year; the stock market responded to the news of our Samsung transaction with one of the largest one-day increases since 2005 for a deal greater than $1 billion; and our stock significantly outperformed the S&P 500. We know that the stock market is volatile, praise can be fickle, and individual successes are often ephemeral. So perhaps the most significant vote of confidence is the $400 million direct investment in Corning by Samsung Display Company, Ltd., announced in October. This investment by one of the world's leading technology companies underscores their belief in Corning's innovations, industry leadership, and opportunities for future revenue and profits. Of course, Corning never rests on its laurels. We have set equally challenging priorities for 2014 and know that there is tough work ahead. But we are entering the year energized by our momentum, excited about Corning's growth opportunities, and confident in our ability to continue improving our performance. So let's look at some of Corning's key achievements in 2013 before I turn to our expectations for this year.

Strong Financial and Operational Performance Last year at this time, I declared that Corning had turned a corner in its drive to improve profitability and that we would begin "marching up" in 2013. I am pleased to report we made good on that promise. We delivered double-digit year-over-year earnings-per-share growth. We posted strong sales of nearly $8 billion. We protected our balance sheet, ending the year with more than $5 billion in cash and short-term investments. And we improved gross margin from 2012. Here are some highlights from each of our major business segments. In Display Technologies, LCD glass market growth led to improved volume in our wholly owned business. Price declines remained moderate throughout the year, and we renewed agreements with key customers. We also signed a new 10-year supply agreement with Samsung for LCD glass through 2023, which reduces our market risks by ensuring reliable demand for our product. The Optical Communications (formerly known as Telecommunications) segment had its third consecutive year of sales growth. Profits also increased dramatically in 2013 as a result of higher volume and greater manufacturing efficiencies. But fiber demand was lower than expected due to delays in Australia's fiber-to-the-home build-out and softer sales in China, so we took actions late in the year to adjust our capacity for 2014.

Extrusion Meeting the 1970 Clean Air Act's mandate seemed like an impossible task -- until Corning scientists developed a cellular ceramic solution to convert smog-causing emissions into harmless compounds. Corning's extrusion process turns a ceramic paste into a robust honeycomb-like structure with thousands of parallel channels, which, when catalyzed, provides an effective surface area similar to a football field! This innovation has helped reduce auto emissions by 99% since 1970 and is enabling countries worldwide to provide cleaner, healthier air for millions of people.

In Specialty Materials, Corning® Gorilla® Glass penetration exceeded two billion devices worldwide. Sales were down year-over-year as the industry worked through existing inventory. However, overall cover-glass demand was up nearly 30 percent for the year based on end-product retail sales, which indicates that robust growth will resume as inventory levels return to normal.

New Revenue and Profit Drivers The primary way Corning grows has always been through innovation. In 2013, we advanced several key initiatives.
n  We expanded on the success of Gorilla Glass with new

Environmental Technologies sales were down from 2012 due to softness in the European market and a later-thanexpected recovery in the heavy-duty trucking industry, but profits were up due to increased manufacturing efficiencies. We began to see improved demand for heavy-duty products toward the end of the year as new emissions regulations went into effect in Europe and China, and we expect this trend to continue in 2014.
In Life Sciences, the integration of Discovery Labware has had an extremely positive impact on our performance. Synergies from the acquisition resulted in double-digit year-over-year sales growth and a significant increase in net income. All of these businesses are tied to major growth trends, and their diversity helps reduce Corning's vulnerability to geographic and economic fluctuations. Of course, more than 160 years of experience has taught us that markets are always evolving, so we continue to pursue new growth drivers as well.

     

compositions, attributes, and applications. We launched Gorilla Glass 3, which offers superior scratch resistance to its predecessor; we began supplying customers with  anti-reflective technology to increase the readability of mobile devices; we introduced Gorilla Glass NBTTM  to bring exceptional scratch and impact resistance  to touch-enabled notebook computers; and we  extended Gorilla Glass into automotive applications,  including an interior window for a high-performance  sports car by a premium auto maker.               We expanded our wireless distributed antenna systems  (DAS) into more than 50 major sports venues and arenas across North America; we launched the Corning  ONETM Wireless Platform, the first solution that unifies cellular, Wi-Fi, and Ethernet backbones on an all-optical,  converged infrastructure; and we introduced Optical  Cables by Corning, which provide significantly longer and more robust connections between consumer devices than their copper counterparts. of its kind to be registered with the Environmental Protection Agency. This glass, which significantly reduces microbes on surfaces, has potential applications ranging from hospital equipment to consumer electronics devices.

n  We advanced our leadership in optical technology.

n  Corning's antimicrobial glass became the first product

Fiber Draw Corning transforms a glass blank into a hair-like strand of optical fiber through one of the most tightly controlled manufacturing processes in the world. Corning's fiber production is so precise, it's comparable to painting a 10-centimeter stripe around the earth and controlling its width to 1 millimeter! This process has led to the deployment of more than 2 billion kilometers of fiber worldwide and is enabling Corning to develop innovative optical solutions for wireless networks, data centers, and personal devices -- supported by a robust fiber backbone.

We are also growing the company through strategic mergers and acquisitions. In May, we completed the acquisition of Bargoa, a leading telecommunications provider in Brazil. And in the fourth quarter, we announced our plans to acquire full ownership of Samsung Corning Precision Materials (SCP). This transaction, which was completed in January 2014, gives us full access to Corning's global fusion manufacturing assets, which improves our ability to serve our customers worldwide. We will be able to supply any customer in any geography with any fusion-glass product (LCD glass, Gorilla Glass, and Willow® Glass). The acquisition also delivers significant financial benefits, including immediate increases to Corning's revenue, net income, and cash balances, plus a new source of long-term cash flow. Most importantly, we structured this transaction in a way that protects Corning's financial health and preserves our independence. Let's now take a closer look at how Corning is delivering value to investors. Value for Shareholders Corning's strong 2013 results were reflected in our stock performance. Corning's stock price was up 41 percent for the year, higher than the Dow, NASDAQ, and S&P averages.

As Corning's performance improves, we are honoring our commitment to return cash to shareholders. In April 2013, we increased the quarterly dividend from nine cents to 10 cents per share, which was our third dividend increase in 18 months. Simultaneously, we announced a $2 billion share repurchase program. Then in October, we took advantage of the cash flow generated by the SCP acquisition to announce another incremental $2 billion share buyback, effective upon the successful closing of the transaction in January 2014. These actions follow the $1.5 billion share repurchase that Corning completed in December 2012. Together, they underscore our Board of Directors' confidence in Corning's financial health and in our ability to continue generating strong operating cash flow. Looking Ahead Corning will continue its march up in 2014. Now that we have effectively stabilized the company, our current focus is on growth. Although there is tough work ahead, we are confident that our strategy is working and we are succeeding at building a bigger, stronger, and more agile company. As General George S. Patton famously declared, "Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom." In Corning's case, our goal is not to simply march up from a recent upset, but to scale new heights in terms of performance, innovation, and impact.

Fusion Corning's proprietary fusion process produces glass that is exceptionally thin and flat, with outstanding surface quality, temperature tolerance, and dimensional stability. If Corning's glass were as thick as the Pacific Ocean at its deepest point, the company would never deliver a sheet with waves taller than 2 inches! This remarkable process helped enable the LCD industry, made Gorilla® Glass possible, led to the development of flexible Willow® Glass, and continues to unleash new capabilities for industries as diverse as automotive and architecture.

Our first priority this year will be the successful integration of the former SCP, now named Corning Precision Materials. As a result of this acquisition, we expect Corning's annual sales to approach $10 billion. Combined with the share repurchases, we also expect the transaction to add 20 percent to earnings per share. Greater flexibility in asset use and improved operational efficiencies will help ensure Corning's continued leadership in display technology as the LCD industry matures. And access to our global fusion assets uniquely positions Corning to capture new market opportunities for specialty glass by reducing the capital investments required. Advancing our new-business portfolio is another key focus area. Although the timing and ultimate revenues from innovation are always difficult to predict, we have a rich and diverse set of opportunities and believe that several of our new products have the potential for explosive growth. We are also extremely excited about our customer collaborations. We continue to innovate with industry leaders in all of our major businesses. And every week, dozens of customers and potential customers visit our laboratories in Corning, N.Y., and our applications technology center in Taiwan to explore how we can help solve their toughest technology problems. In fact, as Corning continues to extend the capabilities of glass, more and more people are discovering one of the world's oldest and most versatile materials. You could say that the world is coming our way.

Closing Thoughts I'll close by finishing a thought from the beginning of my letter. At Corning, we are driven by the desire to produce life-changing innovations. We sincerely want to change the world through our unique capabilities, and everyone in the company plays a role. That includes the scientists who invent new technologies, the engineers who determine how to manufacture them consistently and economically, the commercial teams that take our inventions to customers, the staffs who build and maintain the infrastructure that supports our efforts, the legal professionals who protect our assets, and more. This passion for life-changing innovation is palpable when you walk the halls at Corning. It gives us the focus and intensity to persevere through challenging times. It's the reason I'm so excited to come to work every day. It's why I am so confident in Corning's future. And it's why we believe your investment in Corning is well placed.
Sincerely,

Wendell P. Weeks Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer & President

