To our shareholders:
Corning Incorporated’s strong performance continued in 2007. We delivered an outstanding year with notable successes across our broad range of markets and technologies. We also achieved all-time records for net income, at $2.15 billion, earnings per share, at $1.34, and operating cash flow, at $2.1 billion.
Corning’s commitment to corporate research and devel- opment, now entering its 100th year, continues to yield remarkable new products that demonstrate our distinc- tive ability to apply materials science and process engi- neering knowledge to solve tough customer problems.
We are pleased that the stock market also acknowledged our performance. Corning’s stock was up 28 percent over 2006, significantly out- performing the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index. In fact, our stock has outperformed the S&P 500 on a one, three and five-year basis.
We are delighted with this progress and will continue our focus on growing through
innovation, while maintain- ing financial stability and improving balance within our business portfolio. Our ulti- mate goal remains the same: another 150 years of innova- tion and independence.
2007 Highlights
For the past five years we have built our annual operat- ing plan around a set of cor- porate priorities that have been the foundation of our progress:
s Protect Financial Health s Improve Profitability
s Invest in the Future, and s Live the Values
Financial Health
We are committed to ensur- ing we have the financial strength to weather bad times and to sustain our ability to invest in long, capital-intensive innovation
and product development cycles. We measure financial health by our balance sheet, cash flow and credit ratings, and we performed well against all these metrics. At the end of 2007, Corning’s cash balance of $3.5 billion was well in excess of total debt of $1.5 billion. Operating cash flow in 2007 exceeded $2.0 billion: an all-time record for Corning. In addition, all three of the major U.S. credit agencies upgraded the com- pany’s debt ratings to the equivalent of BBB+.
In July, we announced the Board of Directors’ decision to reinstate a quarterly cash div- idend of $0.05 per share of common stock, as well as approval of the company’s repurchase of $500 million of common stock through the end of 2008. These decisions reflect the company’s strong financial position and confi- dence in our ability to sustain positive free cash flow.
Improve Profitability
Last year marked our fifth consecutive year of perform- ance improvement, with significant growth in net income and earnings per share, before special items. Sales for the year were $5.9 billion, up 13% from 2006, driven by strong global demand for our LCD glass, and by sales of our new diesel filtration products.
Corning is the display indus- try’s leading LCD glass suppli- er, both in sales volume and product innovation. Strong consumer demand for LCD televisions continued to drive healthy growth in the LCD glass market in 2007. By the end of the year, approximately 38 percent of all TVs sold

worldwide featured LCD screens, up from 23 percent a year ago. Corning’s leading market position, coupled with successful execution of our pricing strategy and continued manufacturing cost reductions, sustained excellent profitability in our display segment throughout the year.
While we are pleased with the performance of the dis- play technologies segment, we’re also focused on build- ing a more balanced company by improving the profitability of our other businesses. Many of them also performed well in 2007.
Our environmental segment, which provides clean-air products for cars and trucks, buses and other heavy-duty vehicles, also posted strong sales of both automotive and diesel products. After several years of innovation and investment in our diesel products business, we saw significant growth in market demand, driven by new regulations.
Telecommunications continued to show solid improvement. In 2007 we reopened the Concord, N.C. fiber plant and expanded capacity in China and Poland to keep up with growing demand for fiber, cable, and hardware and equipment products.
Finally, our five-year company- wide focus on operational excellence, product quality, and manufacturing cost reduction continues to drive performance. Employees around the world are engaged in thousands of quality and cost-reduction projects, and delivered signifi- cant performance excellence savings during 2007.
Invest in the Future
We remain dedicated to investing in the technologies that will fuel innovation and growth in the years ahead. Our distinctive innovation process applies Corning’s scientific capabilities and creativity to market needs, focusing the technology community on solving tough problems for our customers as they develop new systems. We achieved some notable innovation milestones during 2007.
In display, all customers in Corning’s wholly owned business have converted to EAGLE XGTM, the industry’s most environmentally friendly LCD glass, which we intro- duced in 2006. We also continue to lead the industry in large-size LCD glass inno- vation and manufacturing, announcing our agreement with the Sharp Electronics Corp. to build a Generation 10 glass plant on the premises of its new Gen 10 factory in Japan.
In telecommunications, we continue to drive innovation for fiber-to-the-premises networks. We are working closely with Verizon Communications Inc. as it extends its network to millions of homes. We solved a critical problem in 2007: installing fiber networks in buildings, such as large a partment and office build- ings, which require bending fiber cable around multiple tight corners. Corning scien- tists and engineers altered the physical structure of fiber so it retains signal strength, even in extreme bend appli- cations. The potential value of this “game-changing” innovation is so significant that it was cited by Time magazine as one of the most important technology innovations of 2007.
In life sciences, our new Epic® drug discovery system contin- ues to gain market accept- ance. Pharmaceutical compa- nies are testing and using the system, which can help test up to 40,000 drug com- pounds in a single day. We have created a remarkable tool to accelerate the drug discovery process. We were encouraged by our first sales of Epic systems in 2007. We believe this will be an impor- tant market for Corning heading into the next decade.
Finally, we are also sustaining our research infrastructure. In November, we began a six-year expansion of the Sullivan Park laboratory com- plex, the center of Corning’s technology community. This project will provide the infra- structure capacity required to meet our ambitious goal of doubling Corning’s historic rate of new-business creation from two to four per decade.
In the coming years, we expect to realize the potential of our long-term innovation portfolio as a result of our sustained investment in research and development. This portfolio includes a number of classic Corning innovations that leverage our unique expertise in glass surfaces, optical physics, chemistry, and manufactur- ing processes to solve customer problems across a range of industries. Some examples include synthetic green lasers, which could make it possible to project large, high-resolution images from small mobile devices like cell phones; silicon-on-glass, which could enable high-quality, low-cost, power-efficient displays for portable consumer electronic devices; and microreactors, which could help the chemical industry improve its process innovation while reducing costs.

 Live the Values
We also sustained our com- mitment to living our Values. Specifically, we focused on continuous improvement in manufacturing performance; strengthening innovation and relationships with customers; improving the diversity of leadership; and supporting our communities with a wide variety of corporate citizenship programs and investments.
The Year Ahead
In 2008, we intend to extend our track record of financial performance, cost and technology leadership and innovation. You can expect us to announce LCD glass capacity expansions, includ- ing progress on the Gen 10 factory; new customer wins in diesel and Epic; new and expanded fiber-to-the- premises partnerships; and new commercial applica- tions across our technologies.
Our strategy for the company remains sound. We will invest to grow through innovation, while we protect financial stability and seek to improve the balance of our new- business portfolio. We are pleased with the diverse potential of our innovation pipeline. At the same time, we recognize that sustaining the growth rate of a signifi- cantly larger company is becoming more difficult. Our challenge is to grow and improve our existing busi- nesses while we also build entirely new businesses.
In 2008, we will celebrate a special anniversary as we mark the 100th year of corpo- rate research and develop- ment at Corning. Very few companies can lay claim to a century-old culture of scientific research, collabora- tive problem-solving and invention. It’s another quality that sets Corning apart from its competitors.
Our ClearCurveTM suite of fiber and cable products is an excellent example of how Corning’s centralized R&D structure enables us to solve extraordinarily tough prob- lems for customers. Our researchers, some of the best scientific, engineering and production minds in optical communications, spent close to a year working with our customer to deepen their understanding of the cus- tomer’s requirements. They were able to draw on the deep expertise of Corning’s technology community, a culture of scientific sharing and collaboration, and a long history of technology inno- vation. They believed solving this difficult challenge was achievable and together, they moved it from “possibility” to “reality.”
That has always been our model for bringing remark- able innovations to market, and it always will be. Our commitment to R&D is unwavering. It’s why we continue to attract and retain highly skilled, com- mitted employees all over the world who are passionate about discovery and doing exceptional work.
We have outstanding people, solid Values and a strategy that works. You can have confidence that Corning Incorporated will weather the ups and downs of tech- nology markets and continue to transform ideas into life- changing realities.
Sincerely,
WendellP.Weeks
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
Wendell Weeks
 