                                        To our Shareholders:
2005 proved to be yet another strong year for Corning Incorporated.
We achieved our third consecutive year of improved profitability, excluding special items; and we ended the year with more cash on hand than debt. Most important of all, we made significant strides as innovation leaders in some of the world’s most exciting high-growth markets.
While we are delighted with this progress, we are also working to create more balance and stability for the future — keeping our eyes on our ultimate goal of another 150 years of innovation and independence.
In this report, we will review our accomplishments during 2005 and how those accomplishments are part of a strategy for sustained performance over time.
2005 HIGHLIGHTS
Our operating priorities in 2005 were not a surprise. We are following the same path we embarked upon in 2002. We continued to protect our financial health, to improve profitability, to invest in the future and to always live our Values.
Relative to our financial health, we achieved some significant milestones during the year. We returned to investment-grade credit ratings with all three of the major rating agencies. We ended the year with more than $2.4 billion in cash and short-term investments, and $1.8 billion in total outstanding debt. This is the first time in 25 years that we’ve had more cash than debt. We also met our goal of generating positive free cash flow for the year.
Regarding profitability, we achieved our third consecutive year of significant earnings improvement. Our sales grew 19%, driven primarily by strong growth in our Display Technologies segment. Net profit after taxes was $585 million, compared to a $2.2 billion loss in 2004. We’re also doing a good job controlling spending — which is particularly important in light of our dependence on Display.
We invested in our future, reaching some important milestones in each of our growth initiatives for the year.
— We continued to supply the growing needs of the liquid crystal display market with our large-generation LCD glass. We began supplying the world’s first commercial quantities of Generation 7 LCD substrates and are now working on Generation 8. We opened our fourth LCD manufacturing plant, and we are making continual process improvements that further extend our position as the world’s largest and most-reliable supplier of LCD glass.

                                        The way we grow is through innovation, and the way we innovate is to develop unique products, or keystone components, that solve tough customer problems for new, complex systems.
— We had excellent results in delivering the latest in emissions-control technologies, meeting the needs of diesel engine manufacturers around the world. Our heavy-duty products are winning in the marketplace. We also entered the light-duty diesel market, making strong progress with new filters for clean-diesel passenger cars, and we continue to innovate for future needs.
— In telecommunications, we were encouraged by the news that Verizon Communications plans to extend its fiber-to-the-premises network to another 3 million homes in 2006. They are counting on our fiber and hard- ware products to help them achieve their goals. We are working closely not only with Verizon, but with other telecommunications customers, developing innovations to help them reduce their network installation cost and deliver the faster networks that consumers are demanding.
— In life sciences, we continued making strides with our unique Epic TM system, which will help our pharmaceutical customers significantly reduce the time it takes to identify and bring new drug discoveries to the market- place. We expect to commercialize this product in the second half of 2006.
During 2005, we also continued to live our Values: Quality, Integrity, Performance, Leadership, Innovation, Independence and The Individual. This is evident not only at the senior leadership level, but throughout our workforce at every Corning location around the world. Our people remain proud of their association with Corning.
OUR STRATEGY: GROWTH THROUGH INNOVATION
Let’s take a look at our strategy and how today’s efforts fit into our larger picture.
Corning grows through global innovation. Different companies grow in different ways. The way we grow is through innovation, and the way we innovate is to develop unique products, or keystone components, that solve tough customer problems for new, complex systems.
A good example is liquid crystal display. We don’t make the LCD televisions you see in your favorite electronics store. We make the glass for the flat-panel screens — highly engineered, thin, flat glass that can undergo some extraordinarily demanding processes, like extreme heat, exposure to chemicals and automated cutting. We sell that glass to the LCD panel manufacturers, who apply a network of microscopic transistors to it — and count on its outstanding attributes to support the intricate communications system. The panel manufac- turers, in turn, sell the LCD panels to the electronics producers who develop and produce the computer, television, or other devices that consumers use every day.
In other words, our LCD glass is a keystone component that enables the success of the larger, complex system. That’s the innovation recipe we follow for our other products, too — be they substrates in catalytic converters, or optical fiber in a telecommunications network. And for each of our innovations to succeed, our customers’ products — and the ultimate end market product or system — must be successful, too.

                                        When everything goes well, our innovations enable high-value systems with large potential markets. Again, this is what we’re seeing with LCD. We’ve seen it before with optical fiber in telecommunications. In years past, it was cathode ray tubes for televisions, and before that, consumer cookware. The markets can grow quite quickly as end customers convert to the new technology.
We will never be able to eliminate the uncertainty and volatility of technology markets and products. But we are making sure that — as we go through our inevitable cycles — we have the financial strength and flexibility to survive. This is why we focus on having a strong balance sheet and positive free cash flow — in other words, stability.
Over time, we are also working to become a more balanced company. With nearly 40% of our revenue and most of our profit coming from Display Technologies, we are far from balanced today. And even as we con- tinue to invest in other opportunities, like diesel, we do expect that it will take at least a decade to become more balanced — to have a healthy portfolio of cash-generating businesses in different significant markets. This may seem like a long time, but it fits with our innovation cycle and with our long-term goals.
LOOKING AHEAD
As we move through 2006, you can expect a lot of consistency from us.
We will continue to protect our financial health. We want to maintain more cash and short-term investments than debt, and to generate free cash flow — results which we hope will help us strengthen our credit rating. Regarding profitability, we want to improve by 15% and continue to control our spending. We’ll continue to invest in our future — strengthening our competitive position in LCDs, delivering on our customer commitments in diesel, growing our fiber-to-the-x business globally, and commercializing EpicTM with a path to profitability.
And while the media and analysts may be focused on these near-term growth opportunities, our scientists continue to create our next wave of growth. Our scientists, engineers, market experts and manufacturing pro- fessionals work very closely together to identify the difficult problems our potential customers face — from identifying new sources of energy to creating next-generation demands for circuit integration.
So our pipeline remains filled with opportunities. Some may become profitable businesses. Some may never make it out of the lab. But we will always invest in research that will help us apply materials science and manufacturing excellence in new and exciting ways, developing breakthrough technologies that significantly improve people’s lives.
As we continue on our journey, we want you to know how much we appreciate your support and confi- dence. You may continue to expect from us the enduring commitment to research and discovery that has been part of our culture for more than 150 years — and a steadfast adherence to the Values that guide us every step of the way.
Sincerely,
James R. Houghton Chairman
Wendell P. Weeks
President and Chief Executive Officer
   