  Dear Fellow Stakeholders:
DAniel F. AkeRson
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
on november 18, 2010, the General Motors team, along with our United Auto Workers partners, experienced something special as we stood together on the balcony of the storied new York stock exchange. As we rang the opening bell to the unmistakable sound of a Chevy Camaro engine at full throttle, we knew we were doing much more than just starting a new trading day. We were revving up Wall street, and setting the pace for our company—the new General Motors.
We truly are building a new GM, from the inside out.
our vision is clear: to design, build and sell the world’s best vehicles, and we have a new business model to bring that vision to life. We have a lower cost structure, a stronger balance sheet and a dramatically lower risk profile. We have a new leadership team—a strong mix of executive talent from outside the industry and automotive veterans—and a passionate, rejuvenated workforce.
entering the public equity market capped a year of historic change. And yet, at that moment on the nYse balcony, for us and for our employees around the world, it was crystal clear—our work was just beginning.
A sTRonG FoUnDATion
GM made important operational and financial progress in 2010, and set a strong foundation to build upon for the future.
GM, with its joint venture partners, maintained its leading market position in the key growth markets of Brazil, Russia,
india and China (the BRiC countries) during the year, with a particularly strong performance in China, where GM and our partners delivered 2.4 million cars and trucks. Mean- while, we continued the aggressive implementation of our restructuring plan in europe to position our business to operate at a lower break-even level.
“our plan is to steadily invest in creating world-class vehicles, which will continuously drive our cycle of great design, high quality and higher profitability.”
in the United states, GM saw robust sales across all of
our brands—Cadillac, Chevrolet, Buick and GMC—thanks to an exciting lineup of vehicles that have captured the imagination of customers and critics alike, epitomized
by the launch of the Chevrolet Volt—the groundbreaking extended-range electric vehicle. GM vehicles won numerous awards throughout the year, led by the Volt, which ran the table with the north American Car of the Year, Automobile Magazine’s Automobile of the Year, Green Car of the Year, a Car and Driver 10 Best Award
and Motor Trend Car of the Year.
Continuing that progress, we kicked off 2011 with another big win with the Chevrolet silverado HD winning the top honor as Motor Trend Truck of the Year. it was the first time
   2 General Motors Company 2010 Annual Report

      The strength of the new GM:
a new business model centered on our vision of designing, building and selling the world’s best vehicles; a leader’s leverage to economic growth in key mature and emerging markets worldwide; and a new balance sheet with a signifi- cantly improved risk profile.
GM brands captured both of the prestigious Motor Trend Car and Truck of the Year awards since Buick and Chevrolet captured both awards in 1979.
And across the globe, other GM vehicles are gaining similar acclaim for design excellence, quality and performance, including the Holden Commodore in Australia, Chevrolet Agile in Brazil, Buick laCrosse in China and many others.
We also acquired AmeriCredit to form GM Financial, expanding the financing options for customers in the United states and Canada who want to buy or lease new GM vehicles.
We lowered our cost base and restructured operations
in north America to achieve a break-even level near the bottom of the economic cycle. Despite depressed industry conditions, GM posted $5.7 billion of earnings before interest and taxes (eBiT) in north America. We significantly improved our balance sheet, reduced debt by more than $11 billion and improved the funding level of our U.s. pension plans with a $4 billion cash contribution. At the same time, we maintained our strong liquidity position through positive cash flow and a new $5 billion revolving line of credit.
in november we completed a landmark $23 billion public offering, the largest in history, allowing the U.s. and Canadian governments to reduce their ownership stakes in the company. The successful offering was an important vote of confidence for the progress and potential of the new General Motors.
New Business Model
Leverage Global Growth
Significantly Lower Risk Profile
BRiGHTeninG FinAnCiAl PiCTURe
We were pleased to achieve profitability in our first full year as a new company, with 2010 net income attributable to common stockholders of $4.7 billion on revenue of $135.6 billion. We achieved earnings per share of $2.89 on a fully diluted basis.
“our 2010 progress
is early evidence
of a new business
model that begins
and ends with great vehicles.”
GM recorded adjusted eBiT of $7 billion and positive automotive free cash flow of $2.4 billion in 2010. excluding a $4 billion discretionary contribution to the U.s. pension plans, free cash flow would have been $6.4 billion for
the year.
The company’s progress is early evidence of a new business model that begins and ends with great vehicles. We are leveraging our global resources and scale to maintain stringent cost management while taking advantage of growth and revenue opportunities around the world, to ultimately deliver sustainable results for
all of our stakeholders.
              General Motors Company 2010 Annual Report 3

   The 2011 north American and Motor Trend Car of the Year Chevrolet Volt performs
on the road and for the environment.
After a groundbreaking development process, GM launched the Chevrolet Volt electric vehicle with extended-range capability in November 2010. The vehicle underscores GM’s commitment to technology leadership, while positively shaping perceptions about electric vehicles. Thanks to strong customer interest, GM has expanded its initial seven-state rollout plan, and the Volt will be available nationwide in the United States by the end of 2011.
THe RoAD AHeAD
it was a good year for GM, but we have a lot of work ahead of us. Although great opportunity abounds around the globe, risks do as well. in a still-recovering global economy, uncertainty surrounding the crisis in Japan, a volatile
oil price environment, higher commodity prices and an increasingly competitive automotive marketplace, we will build on our 2010 progress by concentrating on three critical areas.
First, we will remain focused on our top priority—devel- oping and introducing great new products to our valued customers worldwide. key launches in 2011 include the fuel-efficient and sporty Chevy sonic and the Buick Verano luxury small car in the United states; the opel Zafira seven-seat MPV and the Ampera extended-range electric car in europe; and our all-new Baojun brand in China.
As we regain our financial footing, we expect the number of new product launches to steadily rise over the next several years. And these new products will increasingly embrace advanced technology to reduce fuel consumption and emissions, improve safety and enhance the overall driving experience for our customers.
Advanced technology is key to GM product leadership in the future. This is what makes the Volt so important for GM. it’s not just another “me too” vehicle. While it is by no means the ultimate solution for reducing our dependence on oil, the Volt is a glimpse into what’s possible from GM. We will leverage what we have learned in its development—from
the automotive battery, electric power control and other new technologies to the processes and partnerships we created—to help us accelerate the pace of innovation across the company.
second, we will continue to sharpen our focus on how we engage customers. Fundamental to this is designing and producing vehicles that surprise and delight them. We’re doing that by listening to customers, taking a wider view
to predict emerging trends, ensuring we have the right features and technologies in our vehicles to set them apart from the rest, and enhancing our advertising and marketing efforts to more effectively connect with customers.
“A key priority is to sharpen our focus on engaging our customers. That’s critical to ensuring that we have the right features and technologies in our vehicles to win in a competitive marketplace.”
We’re working closely with our revitalized dealer network in the United states to deliver the best sales and service experience possible, and we continue to implement a highly disciplined inventory management approach worldwide to create an integrated, holistic brand experience everywhere we sell vehicles. in all efforts, we’ll never forget what’s most important: our customers.
   4 General Motors Company 2010 Annual Report

          Chevrolet silverado HD named 2011 Motor Trend Truck of the Year.
Editors recognized Silverado for engineering excellence and advanced design, efficiency, safety, value and performance, especially the truck’s new Duramax diesel engine, which delivers increased performance and significantly reduced emissions.
our third area of focus is financial discipline. We will maintain a sharp global focus on cost management as we invest in products and technology and expand to meet increasing demand. At the same time, we are build- ing a strong and resilient balance sheet, and expect to maintain a minimal level of debt and to take meaningful steps toward fully funding our U.s. pension plans.
BUilDinG THe neW GM
We are moving with increased speed and agility, and implementing change faster than ever before. We are becoming a company with the capability, resources and confidence to play offense, not defense. instead of creating new vehicles that are just better than their predecessors, we’re working to design, build and sell vehicles that define the industry standard.
i would like to close this letter with sincere thanks, from every one of us at General Motors, to the American and Canadian people and their governments. We will always be grateful for their support in GM’s hour of greatest need, and we are determined to prove that this was an invest- ment worth making.
i would also like to thank the investors who made our public offering so successful. Most of all, i want to thank our employees, retirees, dealers, union partners and many other stakeholders who stood by us through the toughest of times, and who made the sacrifices necessary for us
to create our new company.
For the first time in decades, the playing field in the
auto business is level. now, the best car truly can win. GM can now dedicate its full attention to designing, building and selling the world’s best vehicles—something that we hadn’t been able to do in the past, due to a historical cost structure that was unsustainable, distracted our resources and hindered our ability to compete.
We will never forget the path that led to the old GM’s bankruptcy and the sacrifices that were made by many to create the new GM. Most important, we learned from that experience, we understand why it happened and we will never go back there again. That is our commitment.
GM’s strong 2010 results were evidence of what we now can achieve. Make no mistake; we have a long road ahead. There will be many bumps and unexpected bends.
And we are building the right vehicle to navigate them: The new GM.
Thank you. sincerely,
Daniel F. Akerson
Chairman & Chief executive officer General Motors Company
                     *see page 20 for a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to results reported under U.s. GAAP.
General Motors Company 2010 Annual Report 5
