DEAR STOCKHOLDERS:
A century is a long time to be in business. For General Motors,
it’s been a century of leadership and achievements, of challenges
and opportunities. A centennial is a great time to reflect on and
celebrate the past. But for us, it’s more than that...it’s an opportunity
to look forward to our next 100 years.
GM’s centennial comes at an exciting time for the
auto industry, as we move aggressively to realize the potential of two huge trends that are transforming the global auto industry and society itself. The first trend is
the rapidly growing role, and importance, of emerging markets. 2007 was the auto industry’s sixth consecutive year of record global sales: about 71 million units.
That’s up about 24 percent in just six years – all of it attributable to emerging markets. Going forward, we
expect the growth and importance of emerging markets
to accelerate.
This extraordinary growth is helping to define the
second trend transforming our industry and world today, and that is the need to develop robust alternatives to
our traditional almost-complete reliance on oil to power
our vehicles. It’s clear that biofuels and advanced propulsion technologies will be required to address key societal issues of energy supply, energy security and
CO2 emissions.
Together, these two enormous trends provide an extraordinary opportunity for GM to redefine ourself and
to lead the reinvention of the global auto industry. We
are committed to take full advantage of these two extraordinary trends to drive GM’s transformation from
a 100-year-old company, to a company that is ready to
lead for 100 years to come.
But first things first. To achieve the future that we
envision for GM, we first must complete the transformation of GM that we’ve been aggressively driving for
several years.
2007 YEAR IN REVIEW
2007 was another year of important progress for GM,
as we implemented further significant structural cost reductions in North America, grew aggressively in emerging markets, negotiated an historic labor contract with
our United Auto Workers union partners in the U.S.,
further developed a broad range of advanced propulsion technologies and, most importantly, introduced a series
of breakthrough cars and trucks around the world.
We’re pleased with the improvement trend in our automotive results. But we know we have more work to
do to achieve the profitability and positive cash fl ow that

we need, and that our stockholders expect and deserve. GM’s core automotive business generated record revenue of $178 billion in 2007, a $7 billion improvement over 2006. In total, GM generated $181 billion in revenue in 2007, compared with $206 billion in 2006. The decrease is primarily due to the deconsolidation
of GMAC, following our sale of 51 percent of GMAC in November 2006.
Adjusted automotive earnings before tax, excluding special items, were $553 million in 2007, an improvement of nearly $900 million versus 2006, despite a slowing U.S. economy, weak market conditions in the U.S. and record high commodity costs – trends that will continue
to impact our results in 2008.
GM’s total adjusted net loss in 2007, excluding
special items, was $23 million, reflecting a $1.1 billion
loss attributed to our 49 percent stake in GMAC. While
GMAC’s traditional auto financing business performed well, those results were more than offset by massive losses in GMAC’s mortgage businesses.
Including special items, GM reported a loss of
$38.7 billion, or $68.45 per diluted share in 2007.
This loss is almost entirely attributable to the non-cash
$38.3 billion special charge in the third quarter related
to a non-cash valuation allowance against deferred tax
assets. The valuation allowance has no impact on cash,
and does not refl ect a change in the company’s view of
its long-term fi nancial outlook.
While these results are disappointing, in many
respects the bigger story for GM in 2007 is what went
on behind the numbers – under the hood, if you will. Look
under the hood, and we see that 2007 was a “tipping
point” for GM in terms of structuring the company and
building the product and technology momentum necessary
to position us for sustained profi tability and growth
in the rapidly changing global auto industry.
MASSIVE TURNAROUND
In 2007, we continued to aggressively implement the
turnaround plan for North America that we initiated in
2005, starting with the successful launch of several great
new cars and trucks. We began 2007 by winning both
the North American Car and Truck of the Year awards,
with the Saturn Aura and Chevy Silverado, respectively.
In 2008, we won the North American Car of the Year
award for the second year in a row, this time with the
all-new Chevy Malibu sedan.
In between, the Cadillac CTS was named Motor Trend’s
2008 Car of the Year, the Buick Enclave luxury crossover
was picked as Urban Wheel’s Truck of the Year, and the
Chevy Corvette, Chevy Malibu and Cadillac CTS were
picked as Automobile magazine “All Stars,” and as three
of Car and Driver’s “10 Best Cars.”
In 2007, we continued to implement major improvements
to our U.S. sales and marketing strategy. Over
the past two years, we’ve re-focused our marketing
efforts to emphasize the strength and value of our
products and brands, cut incentives, reduced low-profi t
daily rental sales, introduced the industry’s best powertrain
warranty coverage and worked to consolidate our
Buick-Pontiac-GMC distribution channel. These actions
have enabled us to stabilize our U.S. retail market share,

improve average transaction prices and residual values, and reduce dealer inventories, despite challenging market conditions.
On the cost-side of our turnaround plan, we realized
the full benefi t of our massive cost-reduction efforts in 2005 and 2006, with GM North America now running
at an annual structural-cost base that is $9 billion less
than in 2005. We also continued to make progress in
our long-term effort to improve quality. As one example,
in the latest J.D. Power vehicle dependability survey,
Buick fi nished tied for fi rst place among all manufacturers, and Cadillac came in third. We’ve also witnessed, since 2005, an 89 percent reduction in vehicle recall campaigns involving safety and non-compliance.
And, very importantly, we also negotiated a new
labor agreement with our primary union, the United
Auto Workers, in 2007. In addition to effectively addressing
our healthcare cost burden, as discussed below,
this agreement will enable us to signifi cantly improve
our competitive position in the U.S. I want to acknowledge
the UAW leadership and membership for their
willingness to work creatively with us to address some
very tough issues, and their important role in reaching
last year’s agreement.
ADDRESSING THE LEGACY COST BURDEN
We’ve also made tremendous progress on what has
been probably our single-most challenging issue in recent
years: GM’s healthcare and legacy cost burden. Our
progress has been the result of a series of actions and
agreements over the last several years affecting both
salaried and hourly workers. In total, they represent a
major milestone in reestablishing GM’s ability to be fully
cost competitive in the U.S.
Consider that from 1993 through 2007, GM has spent
a total of $103 billion in the U.S. to fund legacy pensions
and retiree healthcare – an average of about $7 billion
a year – a dramatic competitive and cash-fl ow disadvantage.
Based on our recent actions and agreements, our
U.S. hourly and salaried pension plans were over-funded
by more than 20 percent at year-end 2007, and we do
not expect to be required to make any cash contributions
to these plans for the foreseeable future. In addition,
U.S. salaried retiree healthcare has been capped beginning
this year, and UAW retiree healthcare is scheduled to
be paid exclusively from a new independent trust that we will establish on the later of January 1, 2010, or receipt
of the necessary approvals.
The result of these and other actions in this area:
we expect our cash spending on U.S. pensions and
retiree healthcare to decline from the annual average
of $7 billion over the last 15 years, to about $1 billion
per year starting in 2010. That savings of approximately
$6 billion a year offers us a tremendous opportunity to
improve GM’s earnings and balance sheet, and to invest
in new products and advanced propulsion technology.
GLOBAL GROWTH
As noted earlier, a major trend affecting the global auto
industry today is the rapidly growing role and importance
of emerging markets. GM is very well positioned to take
advantage of this growth. Overall, we sold more than

9 million cars and trucks in 2007 for the third year in a
row, and only the fourth time in GM history. Of those sales,
a record 59 percent were outside the U.S., a percentage
that will continue to grow as we drive to increase sales in expanding markets like China, Brazil, Russia and India.
The strategy of taking advantage of global growth opportunities is one that takes GM back to its roots. Way back in the mid-1920s, GM was already exporting vehicles to much of the world. In 1923, GM opened its first
assembly plant outside North America, in Copenhagen, Denmark. Within a few years, GM had purchased Britain’s Vauxhall, Germany’s Adam Opel and Australia’s Holden,
and was manufacturing in more than a dozen countries. Today, the growth opportunities around the world are
even better. But our business approach to grow in them
has changed in the face of intense global competition.
Now, we’re working to effectively leverage our global
scale, scope and resources, and share our best practices and ideas. GM now operates as an integrated global
auto company, with one global product development organization, one global purchasing process, one global manufacturing system and so on. The difference is profound, and is literally changing the way we think about
and operate our business.
And it’s yielding impressive results. In 2007, our sales
in Europe were up about 9 percent to a record 2.2 million units, despite weak market conditions in Germany. Strong demand for GM cars and trucks in the United Kingdom, Ukraine, Italy, Greece and Russia – where sales doubled
to almost 260,000 units – made GM the fastest growing major automobile manufacturer in Europe in 2007.
In our Asia Pacific region, we continue to see very
strong growth in sales, and solid profitability. GM was
once again the number one automaker in the fast-growing China market; in fact, in 2007, we, with our local partners, became the first global automaker to sell more than
one million vehicles there. Other highlights include
74 percent sales growth in India, and 30 percent growth
in export sales from GM Daewoo in Korea.
In our Latin America, Africa and Middle East region,
sales were up 19 percent to a record 1.2 million units
in 2007. All-time sales records were set in the important Brazilian market, as well as in Argentina, Chile, Colombia, Egypt and Venezuela.
ADVANCED PROPULSION TECHNOLOGY
The second major trend affecting the global auto industry today is the rapid development of advanced propulsion technology, based on the very important fact that oil
alone will not be able to supply the world’s automotive energy requirements in the years to come.
In 2007, we made tremendous progress in pursuit
of GM’s advanced propulsion technology strategy,
which, in short, is to offer a broad range of clean and efficient vehicles, powered by different sources of energy,
to respond optimally to local consumer needs around
the world (please see pages 24-35). Some evidence
of this progress:
• GM will offer 17 models in the U.S. market this
year that get 30 miles-per-gallon highway – more
than any other automaker.

• By the end of 2008, GM will offer 25 ethanol enabled
FlexFuel cars and trucks around the
world, and produce more than one million new
FlexFuel vehicles, in addition to the four million • We’ve begun delivering 100 Chevy Equinox Fuel Cell SUVs to customers in the U.S. and Europe, to create
the world’s largest hydrogen fuel-cell test fleet.
And then there’s our revolutionary new E-Flex propulsion system, which drives the Chevy Volt, Opel/Saturn
Flextreme, and Cadillac Provoq concept vehicles. It’s fair
to say that no concept car in my GM career has created more excitement than the Chevy Volt. We’re running all-out to get this technology to market as soon as possible.
Overall, our goal is nothing less than leadership in
energy and environmental technology, as we move into
an extended period of stronger global energy demand,
and heightened environmental awareness. This is a great example of where GM’s scale and scope will be a signifi
cant competitive advantage for us, as we roll out these technologies across a broad range of vehicle makes and models around the globe.
STRONG LIQUIDITY POSITION
Despite the reported net loss for 2007, we made additional progress on strengthening GM’s liquidity. Over
the past two years, we have improved GM’s available liquidity by $7 billion, to more than $27 billion at year-end 2007. Asset sales have played a key role in this. So
far, we have received about $9 billion from the sale of
51 percent of our equity in GMAC in late 2006, and
$5.4 billion from the sale of our Allison Transmission
division last year.
But we have more work to do in generating cash fl ow
from our operating businesses. GM ended 2007 with negative adjusted automotive operating cash fl ow of
$2.4 billion, a $2 billion improvement compared to 2006. That’s good progress, but moving the business to positive operating cash fl ow as soon as possible remains one
of our top priorities.
GMAC/DELPHI
Our sale of 51 percent of GM’s equity in GMAC to
Cerberus in late 2006 was successful in de-linking
the GM and GMAC credit ratings and, very importantly, preserving what has been a very productive relationship between GM’s auto and auto fi nance businesses. We
expect GM’s relationship with GMAC to remain close
and mutually beneficial for many years to come.
2007, however, was a challenging year for GMAC, which reported a net loss of $2.3 billion, compared with net
income of $2.1 billion in 2006. Positive results in GMAC’s global automotive and insurance businesses were more
than offset by the $4.3 billion loss in its mortgage businesses. As a result of our 49 percent equity interest and
preferred dividends received for the full year 2007, GM reported a $1.1 billion net loss attributable to GMAC.
While market conditions remain uncertain, GMAC
took aggressive actions in 2007 across all its businesses
in an effort to mitigate future risk, rationalize
its cost structure and position itself for growth. Looking forward, GMAC continues to target a return to profitability, while maintaining or improving its global leadership position in its core businesses.

In 2007, we also reached important agreements with Delphi Corporation, the United Auto Workers and other interested parties on Delphi’s Chapter 11 restructuring. We continue to work with Delphi and its stakeholders on Delphi’s successful exit
from bankruptcy, while
insuring that GM significantly reduces its
$1.5 billion annual
cost penalty on purchases
of parts from
Delphi. We remain
committed to achieving
a solution that works
for Delphi and us.
WHAT’S NEXT?
Overall, in 2007, we
made further major
progress in advancing
GM’s turnaround – but
we need to do more.
So, what’s next?
In 2008, we forecast
continued solid growth in global vehicle sales, driven
by the emerging markets of Asia, South America, and Central and Eastern Europe. In contrast, in the U.S.,
we anticipate continued headwinds in 2008, including a broad-based housing correction, higher gas prices and lower consumer confi dence, leading to a relatively weak .overall economic environment and auto industry sales. We are committed to continuing to take the actions to build our future, at the same time as we respond to the diffi cult U.S. market conditions.
As always, the most important element of our future success will be great cars, trucks and brands, and in 2008 we’ll work to build on the product momentum we gained last year by launching many exciting new vehicles throughout the world, including:
• The all-new Chevy Traverse mid-size crossover
• The Cadillac Escalade and Chevy Silverado
two-mode hybrids
• The exciting Opel/Vauxhall Insignia across Europe
• The Buick LaCrosse Hybrid in China
• The Holden Sportwagon in Australia and New Zealand
• The Chevrolet Captiva in Brazil
• And much more.
Going forward, we have plans to further reduce our structural costs in North America by about $5 billion by 2011, beyond the $9 billion we have realized so far since 2005. Based on this, we are now targeting to reduce our global automotive structural costs from 34 percent of revenue in 2005 to 25 percent of revenue by 2010 –
and then to 23 percent of revenue by 2012, a clear benchmark among major global auto manufacturers.
We will continue to drive for rapid growth in emerging markets, which have grown from 20 percent of industry unit sales in 1997, to 38 percent in 2007. By 2017, we forecast that today’s emerging markets will account for more than half of industry unit sales, and our plan is
to play a major role in this growth.
We will continue to pursue our advanced propulsion

technology strategy with all the urgency we can muster, driven by the need to reduce oil imports, oil consumption and CO2 emissions around the world.
We will continue to drive the benefi ts of running the business in a globally integrated manner, which continues to be perhaps the most profound change taking place inside the company today.
And we’ll pursue these strategies with a strong
and committed GM team. In March, I was pleased to
announce several important moves to further strengthen
our top leadership structure. We reestablished GM’s
traditional President and Chief Operating Offi cer position,
and promoted Fritz Henderson to this role. Fritz has had a broad range of experiences in leading three of our regions
and in a number of other GM businesses over the years,
and he’s made a tremendous contribution in each role.
I look forward to working closely with Fritz; Bob Lutz,
who so capably leads our global product development
team; Ray Young, just promoted to the Chief Financial
Offi cer position; Tom Stephens, who was promoted to Executive Vice President and is leading our advanced propulsion technology initiatives; and the entire GM
leadership team around the world.
Equally important, I look forward to continuing to work
with our extremely talented and committed team of GM employees around the globe. To win in today’s hypercompetitive global auto business, we need a strong team
at every level and in every position. At GM, we have that
team in place, from boardroom to factory fl oor...and I feel privileged to work with a group of automotive professionals whom I consider to be the best team in the business.
GMnext
GM today stands at the juncture between our fi rst and
second centuries, between a tremendous heritage and a
bright and exciting future. We’ve come a long way since the challenge of 2005, and still we have a lot of work ahead
of us...but I believe that 2007 will stand as a tipping
point in the history of GM, as we position the company
for sustained competitiveness, profi tability and growth. Everyone at our company is working hard to make
GM the industry leader with great cars and trucks, great
brands and great business results. It’s a position that
GM has attained many times in our history, and one we
desire to achieve again. We have the right strategy, the
right products and technology and, most important,
the right people to do it again, and we’re committed to
making it happen. We appreciate your continued support
as we work to make this vision a reality.
Rick Wagoner
Chairman & Chief Executive Offi cer
Detroit, Michigan
