 letter to stockholders:
By any account, 2005 was a spectacular year for Game- Stop and our stockholders. And the years ahead are expect- ed to be even more exciting, more productive, and more prof- itable because of the foundation we built in 2005. The year at GameStop is not only recapped by our exceptional re- sults, but also through the opportunities behind the num- bers. We have timed our major initiatives to maximize the po- tential just when the market is, once again, ready to take off.
 Fiscal 2005 sales increased an exceptional 67.7% to $3,091.8 million. Net earnings grew to $100.8 million up from $60.9 million in fiscal 2004. Our gross margin increased to 28.2% from 27.6%, while SG&A decreased from 20.3% to 19.4%. Diluted earnings per share rose to $1.61 compared to $1.05 per diluted share in 2004, a 53% increase. At the beginning of this fiscal year, our stock was trading at $18.90 and we closed the year at $39.14, an extraordinary 107% increase.
Our strong sales, margin, and earnings growth are the direct result of our singular focus on continuing to refine and build on our very distinctive new and used business model. It is the confidence we have in the future of this model that led to the October completion of the merger combining GameStop and EB Games into one great and very efficient company.
When we began to bring the two companies together, we did so under the unifying banner of “Better Together” which, to date, has exceeded our expectations. Better Together has led to a smooth integration of two former competitors and transcended being a simple slogan; it has become the reality of our new company.
By quickly bringing both management teams into a joint assessment of the business, we embarked on a very productive course of instituting best practices in all stores. The result has been significant financial and operational synergies that have contributed to a 6.2% operating margin, an end of year cash balance of over
$400 million, and operating cash flows of approximately $291 million.
While there is more work to be done to complete the merger, we are offtoastrongstartwithconsiderableearlybenefits.In2006,weare forecasting merger synergies of between $70 million and $80 million. Although the company did take on $950 million in debt to complete the transaction, we are fully confident that the debt load is reasonable.
We are now a worldwide company.
GameStop completed the year with 4,490 stores in the U.S. and 14 countries around the world. In many of these countries we have significant market share, along with sizable growth opportunities.
In the U.S., our market share in fiscal 2005 grew to just over 21% of all new video games sold according to NPD Group data. In Canada and Australia that share is even higher, while Germany, Italy and Ireland are approaching those numbers. We have achieved both size and presence, and are growing faster than our own rapidly expanding industry; and are now in a position to do so on a worldwide scale.
During 2005, the combined companies opened 792 new stores, 450 domestically and 342 in international markets, clearly demonstrating that we continue to be a rapid-growth company. In 2006, we plan to open another 400 new stores with approximately half in the U.S. and the remainder internationally.

 As has always been the case at GameStop, it is not the number of new stores, but the quality of new stores we open that matters. We have always devoted time, energy, capital, and hands-on senior level involvement to our real estate management. This has paid off with a very high rate of successful stores, and led to uncovering more growth opportunities in markets that are underserved. That focus will continue in the future.
Both our major “broadcast vehicles,” Game Informer Magazine, with over 1.9 million paid subscribers and the 38th largest US consumer publication, as well as the soon to be combined GameStop.com and EBGames.com, had excellent years and, as a result of our merger, are going to be even more formidable and profitable in 2006.
As spectacular a year as GameStop had in 2005, this is a business that does not allow too much time to reflect on the past. The video game business and GameStop’s business, in particular, are always about the future.
And what a future we foresee.
In 2006 we will fully launch into the next generation of super-powered consoles. We look at last year’s launch of Microsoft’s Xbox 360 as a “soft launch” due to very restricted quantities of the hardware being available. 2006 is, in our mind, the real launch (or re-launch) year of an amazing sensory experience for the gamer.
Furthermore, we are anticipating that towards the end of 2006, Sony will be releasing the PS3, the next generation of the most successful and widely used console ever. The PS2 originally hit the market in October 2000 and our U.S. stores have sold over 4 million units – and we believe the PS3 could top those numbers over the next 5 years.
As amazingly powerful as both these consoles are, by marrying their computing and gaming horsepower to the visually stunning HDTV capability, video gaming will move to an astounding new level of visual excitement. Arthur C. Clarke once said that, “sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.” While the technology advances do seem “magical,” the sales opportunities are both clear and real.
And there is more.
Nintendo will likely hit the market late in the year with the sequel to the GameCube, codenamed the Revolution. And what I find particularly exciting is that Nintendo is going in their own unique direction. This approach has the potential not only to drive the outstanding Mario-led brands, but with a revolutionary new controller, the Revolution will make game play easier and more intuitive.
We could not ask for more. We have two well capitalized, very aggressive companies in Microsoft and Sony competing at the very highest technical level and attracting gamers with the “wow factor,” while Nintendo is doing what they have always done best, being exceptionally creative in getting the younger new gamers into the category.
There is no question that we stand at the kickoff point of a major new cycle in video gaming that will create
growth. Gamestop is clearly the leading retailer offering next generation hardware and software. However, by also selling trailing platform products that we buy back used, we create real value for new, more budget conscious customers, thus allowing the GameStop model to reap double benefits from new hardware releases.
Leadership will be the key.
It takes an extended group of experienced leaders to drive a rapidly growing business, and we have that team. Fur- thermore, it takes an equally expansive team of managers who are well versed in the increasingly complex business of serving the video game customer.
As the video game business has become more complex with more platforms, more add ons, and more online game play, our customers have come to expect that GameStop store managers and store associates can talk-the-talk, be ahead of the buzz, and always know what is coming next. Our management team is deep, experienced, and com- mitted to staying ahead of opportunities.
Since the completion of the merger, we boosted an already strong team by naming Steve Morgan as GameStop’s new President. Steve was formerly President of North Ameri- can and Canadian stores for Electronics Boutique, and brings added depth and perspective to our team.
In addition, we have expanded the GameStop board with four new members including Electronics Boutique’s found- er James Kim, who now serves as the Chairman and Chief Executive of Amkor Technology, Inc; former Electronics Boutique Director Stanley (“Mickey”) Steinberg, a senior advisor to the mergers and acquisitions firm of Casas, Benjamin and While, LLC; Jerome Davis, former Global Vice President, Service Excellence at Electronic Data Sys- tems; and Larry Zilavy, former Executive Vice President, Corporate Finance and Strategic Planning for Barnes & Noble, Inc. These individuals provide our board with even more depth and a very wide range of experience.
And finally, it is a powerful statement to realize that Game- Stop worldwide now has over 30,000 people focused solely on giving full and total attention to the fastest-grow- ing, most dynamic entertainment business in the world.
We will continue to differentiate ourselves by maintaining a passion for gaming and serving our gaming custom- ers, and also by seeking every opportunity for profitable growth to drive value for our stockholders.
Thank you for your support and continued interest in Gamestop. The best is yet to come.
R. Richard Fontaine
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
                  