the Shareholders
           Letter to
Dear Shareholders,
2004 proved to be another year of milestones for GameStop. As we have been stating since going public in February 2002, we believe it is imperative that we not only perform financially every year, but that we build the company to take advantage of the significant growth opportunities that a growing industry presents.
And with the launch in March 2005 of Sony’s PlayStation Portable (PSP), scheduled to be followed in November 2005 by Microsoft’s Xbox 360, we are at the beginning stages of another strong cycle of new hardware products and software launches that will take advantage of the ever-improving technology. Furthermore, with GameStop’s merger with Electronics Boutique moving forward on schedule, we have positioned our company to take maximum advantage of these emerging growth trends.
Some of the 2004 highlights:
• Our revenues grew 16.7%, from
$1,579,000,000 to $1,843,000,000
• Earnings per share grew over 10%,
from $1.06 per diluted share to $1.17
per diluted share*
• Our stock price increased over 13%,
from $16.60 to $18.80
• We repurchased over 7 million
shares of our common stock
• We invested over $98 million in
new stores and infrastructure
• Our store count grew from 1,514
to 1,826
In addition, GameStop opened 338 stores worldwide during 2004 - our most aggressive expansion year ever. In December, we opened our first store in Wyoming, giving GameStop a presence in all 50 states.
During the peak holiday season, GameStop employed 23,000 people. Throughout the year, we added 700 new full time positions and 4,000 new part time associates across the country.
In the course of this year we set sales records with two titles, selling over 860,000 copies of Halo 2 and over 780,000 copies of Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas. Both titles have continued to sell and are the all-time best sellers for GameStop.
In preparation for continued growth, and with an eye on improving distribution efficiency, we purchased a new 420,000 square foot general office and distribution center in close proximity to our old facility, with no resulting disruption to the support of our stores and no relocation issues for our people. We managed to grow our company from approximately 500 stores in 1997 to over 1,900 stores today without expanding our facilities; the new distribution center is intended to ensure that our rapid growth is not compromised, and that our efficiency goals will continue to be met.
Game Informer, GameStop’s magazine division, grew to over 2,000,000 subscribers - four times larger than our closest competitor. According to Advertising Age, Game Informer is now the 26th largest consumer publication in the US and had the 3rd largest growth in paid circulation in 2004.
As has been the case every year since we have been a public company, GameStop’s market share has grown; 2004 was no exception. According to NPD Group data, our total share of the growing video game market was 11.4%, up from 9.8% in 2003. What is particularly encouraging about our share growth is that we have continuously found better ways to serve new markets.
                                                               * Before special charges of $0.12 per diluted share for California litigation settlement costs, professional fees relating to the spin-off by Barnes & Noble, Inc. of our Class B common stock and the change in our method of accounting for leases.

   During the year, we refined our approach to entering smaller communities by fine- tuning our site selection criteria, store size, merchandise selections and staffing to better serve markets with a small immediate population, but a wide geographic draw.
2005 and Beyond:
GameStop and Electronics Boutique announced a combination on April 18, 2005 which, when completed, will create one of the world’s largest retailers of video games with over 4,000 stores, including over 600 international stores, with a total projected revenue of over $4 billion. After integrating our two companies, and adopting the best practices of each, we anticipate up to $50 million in annual cost savings starting in 2006. This combination not only demonstrates the faith we have in our business model and our people, but is testimony to our belief that the video game industry will continue to grow both domestically and internationally. This combination will significantly improve our position within the very competitive US market, and will give GameStop a leadership position in 10 countries around the world.
Over the next three years, the US video game market is expected to grow by an average of 17%* per year. By 2008, consumer spending on video games is projected to surpass other major forms of comparable entertainment including movie box office receipts and pre-recorded music** and GameStop is in an outstanding position to reap the benefits.
We are now at the start of another innovative game technology cycle. In March, Sony’s PSP – their first handheld unit ever – was launched and has been exceptionally well received by our customers; in November, we expect Microsoft to release the Xbox 360 and Nintendo to launch another handheld, the Game Boy Micro. Moving into 2006, the future continues to look even brighter with Sony expected to release the PlayStation 3, and Nintendo to follow with their next generation console, the Revolution.
And it gets better: At GameStop, thanks to our unique new and used video game product synergy, we also capitalize on the “cycles within cycles”. When new hardware and titles hit the market, we buy back and resell the older units and get more game product into the hands of more value-oriented customers.
We are confident in how we have positioned GameStop for the future. We have built our company to capitalize on all the opportunities of this dynamic business. I believe both our past growth,andthehugeincrementalpotentialthatour soon to be completed combination will unleash, puts GameStop in an even better position to be a superior performer and an excellent investment.
As always, thanks to our thousands of store managers who meet our customers and serve them well every day. And thanks to all of you for your continued support.
R. Richard Fontaine Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
                                               * Source: Industry Analysts
**Source: PriceWaterhouseCoopers Media Outlook 2004-2008
      