 GameStop delivered itS Second hiGheSt earninGS year ever
in fiscal year 2009. In spite of the weak worldwide economic environment, we saw global market share growth as new software sales increased 1.2%, proving once again that the great entertainment value and exceptional service GameStop delivers resonates with our customers. Even though the industry faced a lack of strong new software titles compared to 2008’s record lineup and consumers were cautious about their spending, the U.S. video game industry produced $19.6 billion in sales last year.

Even with overall mixed results in 2009, our focus remained steadfast. We managed our business with an eye on improving operating margins, building our brand and value awareness with consumers, and gaining share of voice and share of wallet in the exploding worldwide gaming market. We also continued to focus on our Buy-Sell- Trade model. Although our first quarter results gave us record sales and earnings, the rest of the year did not produce the same results. Total company sales for the year were $9.08 billion; net earnings were $377.3 million and our diluted earnings per share were $2.27, excluding debt retirement and merger-related costs of $.02 per share.
Our unique Buy-Sell-Trade business model has huge benefits. The model brings customers into our stores and provides us with an impressive inventory of pre-owned merchandise we can sell. We returned over $1 billion to customers in 2009, and our customers often used these dollars to purchase new titles from us.
As our team collaborated together to achieve our results last year, we also focused on changes to our business. These changes include new talent among our senior leadership team and more focus on areas that will help us stay relevant in today’s ever- changing world of video games.
Last summer, David Carlson, our founding Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, announced his retirement in late February. Dave was one of my closest partners, as we began GameStop as a small start-up 14 years ago. His great business acumen helped guide us through multiple mergers and acquisitions. Dave is the epitome of what we expect from our team members – passion, drive, determination and unquestionable ethics. During the next two years, Dave will remain a part of our executive team, providing strategic financial counsel as needed. Thank you Dave for helping Richard Fontaine and me lead this great company for so many years.
To ensure we have a seamless transition, I named Robert Lloyd, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer, as our
interim Chief Financial Officer. Rob is a 14-year GameStop veteran who has been instrumental in guiding the company through tremendous growth and success. He has built and led a talented team that has spearheaded many measures to complete and integrate acquisitions, reduce operating costs and strengthen our position in long- term initiatives. This has kept us focused, while enhancing value and contributing
to keeping GameStop competitive in the
 
marketplace. We feel very confident with Rob in place as our interim CFO.
As we’ve said before, our goal is to be the go-to destination for every gamer, regardless of location. In January, we created a
new position to specifically focus on our international business. As our Executive
Vice President of GameStop International, Michael Mauler is responsible for the operational leadership of locations in 15 countries outside of North America. In his previous role as Senior Vice President of Supply Chain and International Support, Mike was instrumental in developing infrastructure, distribution and online sales to support our international growth. Chief Operating Officer Paul Raines continues to oversee our U.S. and Canadian operations.
LOOKING TO THE FUTURE: GOING DIGITAL
A major step we took last year to keep
us relevant in today’s market was heavily investing in our digital growth strategy. We are uniquely positioned to define the multi- channel strategy for add-on downloadable content and digital game sales. GameStop intends to be the video game retail aggregator of choice by offering customers access to games through doors, websites and digital distribution.
Part of our digital strategy included our November acquisition of a majority stake in Jolt Online Gaming, an Ireland-based publisher of free-to-play titles. Acquiring
Jolt allows us to test another new channel of the growing gamer market – browser gaming. This business model enables us to bring under-marketed intellectual property to market through the GameStop footprint. To help further our digital strategy, we added two key industry experts last year.
Shawn Freeman joined us in November in the newly created position of Senior Vice President and General Manager of Digital Business. He is responsible for overseeing and cultivating GameStop’s digital and e-commerce business strategy. Shawn has more than 20 years experience building and leading online businesses for companies in
a variety of industries, with his most recent position as part of the senior management team for Ticketmaster North America. Shawn works closely with GameStop’s California-based Digital Ventures group to maximize the company’s online retail and digital aggregation business. Key to this strategy will be transforming our commerce- based website into a premiere social gaming platform.
Rounding out the new digital team is Chris Petrovic, General Manager of the Digital Ventures group. Chris is responsible for building upon the ongoing efforts to integrate digital media into the company’s multi- channel strategy. He is also responsible for overseeing the development and execution
of our digital acquisition strategy, including leveraging the company’s unique and distinctive relationship with customers in stores, online and around the globe to drive digital sales. Before joining GameStop last

summer, Chris was the Vice President of Digital Media at Playboy Enterprises and has more than a decade of senior management experience developing and executing online and mobile initiatives.
With the addition of Rob, Mike, Shawn and Chris to our leadership team, I am very confident in our ability to continue driving growth in our business. We’ve put together a strong plan for 2010 including our capital allocation strategy, our business model and our real estate plan, which I will expand on below. Additionally, I’d also like to share our thoughts on new title releases and guidance for 2010.
CAPITAL ALLOCATION
At the first of the year, we announced our capital allocation strategy. Driven by the strong cash flow we’ve generated and expect to continue generating, our senior leaders and board felt January was the right time to share our vision for the company’s excess cash. The plan provides ample investment capital to continue our global store growth, as well as enhance shareholder returns through a $300 million share repurchase program. As of today, we have completed $247 million of the authorized share repurchases.
Since 2006, GameStop’s cash flow has funded the opening of approximately 2,000 new stores, redeemed $500 million in long-term debt and funded the Micromania acquisition for $580 million. We project our
cash flow will remain at or above existing levels for 2010. For this year, we estimate having $600 million in cash from operations. We see that being funneled into four major categories:
Our equity presents a very attractive investment opportunity for shareholders, and I believe our capital allocation plan underscores the financial strength and long- term confidence in GameStop.
BRICK AND MORTAR ASSETS
Our stores are the foundation from which everything else evolves. In 2009, we opened approximately 400 new stores worldwide, and we plan to mirror that number in 2010. Our real estate strategy focuses on quality locations with flexible lease terms that help us gain market share. In addition, our real estate gurus are experts at saving money when they negotiate lease renewals.
To provide more color, the after-tax return on investment in the first year for a new store
is 45 percent. By year three, it’s up to 95 percent. That’s a return most would envy. In addition to flexible lease terms, our footprint requires minimal capital for initial build- outs. With 6,400 stores globally, we are the neighborhood video game store.
 
2010 HOT TITLES
Last year we saw the biggest entertainment launch in history with the release of
Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2 in November. We logged almost 2 million advance sales at GameStop ... 4.7 million copies were sold in the first day alone. After the first five days, Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2 recorded $550 million in sales worldwide, outpacing 5-day theatrical box office gross figures for films such as Avatar, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince and The Dark Knight.
We believe 2010 overall will be a solid year thanks to titles such as:
Our diluted earnings per share should range from $2.58 to $2.68, an annual increase of +14% to +18%.
LOOKING BEYOND 2010
While the methods of playing video games may be broadening, we are positioning ourselves to lead the way, regardless of the media or method. We will continue to be THE video game retail destination of choice by offering customers access to games through doors, e-commerce and digital distribution.
Our commitment to unmatched service, selection and value remains steadfast. The entire GameStop team strives to deliver unparalleled customer satisfaction as the leading category specialist in the industry. On behalf of our 45,000+ team members across the globe, thank you for your support of GameStop.
• BioShock 2
• Battlefield Bad Company 2
• Final Fantasy XIII
• God of War III
• Pokémon HeartGold and SoulSilver
• Splinter Cell Conviction
• Super Mario Galaxy 2
• UFC Undisputed 2010
• Madden NFL 11
• Halo: Reach
• Call of Duty: Black Ops
• World of Warcraft: Cataclysm
2010 GUIDANCE
For fiscal 2010, we expect to see total sales growth between +4.0% and +6.0%. Our comparable store sales are projected to be flat to +2.0%, with comparisons easing in the second half of the year when we will be comparing store sales to periods following the hardware price reductions from 2009.
R
R
D
D
e
eg
a
a
g
n
n
a
a
i
ie
r
r
e
d
d
l
lA
s
s,
A.
,
    eo Chief Executive Officer
April 2010
.D
D
e
eM
M
a
at
t
t
te
 