



















nl a nN am 1e amcl	nesmlls




























Marcus Fenix - Gears of War 2 Once again humanity teetered on the brink as the resurgent Locust army began undermining and sinking entire cities. Players rushed  to join Marcus  Fenix and Delta Squad in an intense fight for survival. Gears of War 2 featured advanced cover and fire features,
a colorful cast of characters and cinematic visuals. Its rich mu/tip/ayer mode set the record for most players on Xbox Live simultaneously. Gears of War 2 sold four million copies in two months. We won't spo il the ending by telling you whether or not humanity survives.
 






Strong EPS Growth



Free Cash Flow


 

After searching for someone with the  right  mix  of  retail experience and business acumen, we were privileged   to   hire  J.  Paul  Raines.   With   more than
22 years of experience in senior level corporate management, including eight years at The Home Depot, Paul brings a wealth of  knowledge  and insight to  the GameStop  family.  At The Home Depot, he  was
responsible for more than 2,000 stores and $70 billion
in sales activity. Paul also has extensive international
expertise	covering	Latin	America,	Asia and Europe.
His leadership  and counsel are valuable  assets  to our
team, and I was  pleased  he made the move to  join us
last August.
 


fully pay for the $580.4 million deal in less than three months. We remain committed to using our strong
 
 

 
 
vision and strategy remains steadfast. We plan to continue
retailer
 


In light of these shifts in our customer base, our team
 
d the largest share of the gaming
 
is always looking for new marketing, merchandising
 
market for each country in
 
which we operate.
 
and services that will attract and retain both the core gamers and our casual family customers.
 
regardless of age, gender or genre interest.

 
This strategy served us well last year, and it is evident
 
grow despite the harsh
 
in our overall performance. Our successes in 2008
 
. In fact, while
 
t
growth,
 
be understood by a closer look at: EPS
 
through hard economic  times,  global  expansion and community support. I'd like to walk you through each of them.
 
our 2008 holiday sales release,
 





 

an exception in what was a dismal holiday season for many store chains."

 


Holiday
Sales increased 22% over 2007

   
Average transaction dollar amount was higher than 2007 and we attracted more customers than ever
Gift card sales during the nine-week holiday
period	rose	l	5%	over	last	year

During   2008,   GameStop's	sales grew in every worldwide
 
everywhere,

Global Expansion
 

The European store count is now over l ,200 locations in Austria, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Norway, Portugal, Spain, Sweden,
Switzerland	and United Kingdom. In 2009, our gaming
sales	in Europe are predicted to exceed	$2 billion.
As each	of	the	European	markets	grow	,	our		scale
and productivity will continue to improve, leading to
increased	operating	earnings.


thing means giving back to the communities we serve. That's
ustry
 
In 2008, we continued our international growth.
 
Three important acquisitions bolstered our presence in Europe and Australia. In March, we purchased the 49-store chain Free Record Shops in Norway and
   
gives us a total of more than 160 stores throughout Norway, Sweden, Denmark and Finland. Our purchase of New Zealand's largest independent gaming specialist, The Gamesman, brought our total store count in Australia/New Zealand to 350.
 


In parallel, we executed a series of educational outreach campaigns in both English and Spanish, targeting parents and other gift-givers. For GameStop, our success is rooted in giving consumers the information and choices needed to make the most appropriate decisions on what is appropriate for each individual family.
 

Our  final  acquisition  in  2008  enabled  GameStop  to secure a major growing foothold in Europe. The purchase of Micromania, France's leading video game retailer, gave us 332 locations throughout the country. Prior to the Micromania deal, GameStop did not have a presence in France.
 









































 

Great Title Lineup
Our 2009 titles are a diverse group that should appeal to a broad array of both casual and hard-core gamers. We are working closely with our top publishing partners to ensure our customers are in the know about titles such as Street Fighter IV, EA Sports Active,
 



Chief Executive Officer
 





Sackboy · Little Big Planet
Little Big Planet is the title that redefined the word "game"' and reexamined the relationship between designers and players. Ostensibly a cooperative puzzle-solving game starring the loveable Sackboy, it was actually an amazingly realistic physics engine and design medium. Players were given full access to a wide range of tools, materials, textures and objects with which to construct their own environments and puzzles. They could then share their creations with the rest of the online community, transforming the players into designers and the game into a continually evolving experience.
