2

2015 ANNUAL REPORT

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
We are pleased to report that 2015 proved to be another successful year of transformation for GameStop, which has been an integral part of our company's culture since our humble beginnings as a primarily mall-based retailer of educational and personal computing software operating under the brand names of Software Etc. and Babbage's. Our global team of associates, working under the banners of GameStop, EB Games, Micromania, Spring Mobile, Cricket Wireless, Simply Mac, ThinkGeek, Kongregate and Game Informer, continued to deliver on our promise of making the most popular technologies affordable and simple. Their relentless efforts helped access to unique promotional and trade-in programs and exclusive offers that helped drive our market share growth. We continued to expand our trades and preowned business by offering customers an even broader assortment of value products, including the $1 billion in trade credits we issued. Through our omni-channel business we provided our customers convenience by enabling them to choose how they want to shop and purchase video game merchandise, either in one of our stores, online, via mobile phone or using one of our newest channels -- pick-up-at-store, web-in-store, or ship-from-store. Combined, all these efforts helped drive, on average, approximately $176,000 in store contribution per GameStop store, a nearly 15% increase from 2014.

We are excited about the future of GameStop. We are committed to evolving from a video games only retailer to a family of specialty retail brands that operates multiple billion-dollar businesses.
us deliver on our 2015 strategic objectives: embracing and driving a high rate of change; maximizing our core video game business; rapidly expanding our Technology Brands businesses; and delivering shareholder return. The transformation strategy we launched in 2013 has already made significant strides. In just two short years, we are no longer just GameStop, the video game brand. We are now a global family of specialty retail brands. We responded to digital gaming market trends with sales of downloadable content, full-game downloads and digital currency, delivering more than $1 billion in digital receipts in 2015. We once again captured the No. 1 global retail position in video gaming. We provided our 46 million global PowerUp Rewards members

Our Technology Brands grew at a rate that exceeded our projections during 2015. Collectively, these businesses delivered more than $500 million in sales. Today, we now operate more than 1,000 stores nationwide -- 890 AT&T Wireless and 70 Cricket Wireless (under our Spring Mobile

subsidiary), and 76 Simply Mac (Apple) stores. These businesses are on track to deliver more than $1.5 billion in revenue and approximately $200 million in operating earnings by 2019. We will continue to expand our national retail footprint in this space. We acquired the very popular ThinkGeek.com brand during 2015. This acquisition helped expand our diversified revenue stream by adding the No. 1 brand in the fast-growing collectibles category to our mix of global retail concepts. It also gave us access to a portfolio of established, premier, hard-to-secure licenses. We continued the expansion of our highly profitable global collectibles, or "loot," segment. This represents our fastest-growing business, delivering

2015 ANNUAL REPORT

3

more than $300 million in sales and exceeding our 2015 sales goal. We now operate 35 collectibles stores worldwide under the brand names of Zing Pop Culture and ThinkGeek, and have plans to open even more of these stores in 2016. We demonstrated the giving power of our global family of associates by giving back in the communities in which we live, work and play. Combined, our teams benefited those in need by contributing and helping raise more than $6 million in both monetary and in-kind donations. We continued supporting our charitable partners, Make-A-Wish Foundation, the Ronald McDonald House Charities and St. Jude Children's Research Hospital by volunteering in their national and local fund-raising activities. We also took care of our GameStop family by awarding financial grants and college scholarships through our Gamer Fund employee assistance program. Looking ahead, we will continue to embrace our high rate of change to transform GameStop from a traditional brick and mortar video game retailer into a global family of specialty retail brands. We

will accomplish this by re-inventing our video game business through the pursuit of innovative ideas within our stores, like expanding our in-store collectibles section to offer an even greater choice of products, and creating a new Indie Game section to offer gamers exclusive new titles and content. We will also leverage the continued growth of our Technology Brands to deliver higher profits to our shareholders. We will continue to seek out investments in new businesses in adjacent retail brands, or product categories, with billion-dollar revenue potential. All of this will be done by adhering to our disciplined approach to capital allocation to reward our shareholders. As we close out this letter, we reiterate how pleased we are that our transformation strategy is working, but we are still at the beginning of this journey. GameStop's rich heritage of change gives us unique knowledge and experience to continue evolving, and our future is full of new opportunities to grow. On behalf of our board of directors, executive leadership team and 40,000 associates around the world, we thank you for your continued support of GameStop.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Daniel A. DeMatteo Executive Chairman J. Paul Raines Chief Executive Officer
(From Left to Right) Jerome L. Davis / Kathy P. Vrabeck / R. Richard Fontaine / Thomas N. Kelly / Daniel A. DeMatteo / J. Paul Raines / Lawrence S. Zilavy / Stephanie M. Shern / Gerald R. Szczepanski / Steven R. Koonin / Shane S. Kim

