



 





ver		the	past		year,		we	have		heard		many	stories about		GameStop		that	demonstrate	the	unique bond		between	our	customers			and		the		company. We	feel			those	stories			about	innovations		such	as delivering digital content to customers in our stores, a captivating best-in-industry loyalty program and online gaming		through		a		multichannel		strategy	serve	as a clear vision of efforts to connect with our customers.
.,
.
 

 
 

As we did following our acquisitions of Funcol and, EB Games, Microman ia, and most recently with Kongregate, Spawn Labs and Impulse. GameStop re uses to be satisfied with the status quo. Our continued innovation and development of digital infrastructure points to one clear message: GameStop and its net work of companies can no longer be defined as just a bri ck and mort ar retailer As a
multichannel retailer. it is our goal to delrver games to customers anytime . anywhere and on any device.

GameSt op has long been guided by principles that put the customer first, and we made tremendous strides to do just that in 2010. We are dedicated to strateg ies that will drive our long-term financial performance, as evidenced by our record sales and earnings last year. We believe managing our business this way will ultimately generate substantial value for our shareholders.

OUR ORGA NIZATION
In June of last year, we made several im por tant changes to the executive team following the succession plan developed over the last three years. Dan was promoted from CEO to Executive Chairm an. while Paul was promoted from COO to CEO. Dan Is ap plying his background as one of the company's founders to focus on defining our international growth objectives as well as our long-term digital
initiatives. Paul is working closely with Dan to develop our long-term strategic goals and leading the management team fn executing on those ob jectives. Tony Barte l was named President after serving as our EVP of Merchandising and Marketing for more than three years. Tony is leading our digital and
online growth strategies. Rob Lloyd was promoted to CFO From the company's Chief Accounting Offic er. a position he held for more than four years.



 

 
,.




/ , - .
 




.,y.  4f//!!t
.r   · i\f.>'
 

...·.
·	\..
. '
- V .	1
 
.- .
_.......
 
--		1	'	. .	· ·::% :

\

.,
.,',,



A l so last year. GameStop veteran Michael Mauler was named EVP of GameStop International.  In  this impo rt ant role, Mike leads our international teams in the execution of our brick and mortar and digital strategies overseas . Work ing hand-in-hand with another GameStop founder, Richard (Die ) Fontaine.
our new executive team 11Iust rates  the company's ap titude and desire to evolve and adapt along with the gaming indust ry's changing landscape.

2010 HIGHLIGHTS

Even though the gaming industry as a whole has not yet recovered its p revious strength , GameStop continued to gain marke share, We saw bright spot s 1n the HO console category and in the consumer adopt ion of our dfg i t al product offerings. We focused on execut ing our multichannel strategy that marries what we do so well in our st ores with digital sales, both in st ores and online.

The year also saw several milestone events fn gaming - and GameStop 's - histo ry. We helped make
Ac tivis ion's Call of Duty : Black Ops the biggest ente rt ainment launch to date. Other noteworthy events were the launches o Microsoft 's Kinect"' and Sony's PlayStation ®Move. Our customers embraced these new mot ion-based technologies in a big way, and these systems and games proved to be some of the hottest gifts during the 2010 ho liday season. With a wide variety of games available at launch and many more in development, Kinect and PlaySt ation Move are changing the way players experience gaming.

On the financial sid e, our st ron g operating cash flows provided capital to help fund growth. allow ing us to repurchase $381 million of GameStop stock . We have minimal debt after retiring $200 million of our senior notes, and our diluted EPS was $2.65 for the year.
 
 


BUY-SELL-TRADE

The story of our new game successes for 2010 would not be complete without a look at our pre-owned games and console business, which continues to increase world wide thanks to increasing customer frequency. We increased our trade penetrat ion ra le and eff ectively managed the sales growth of HD console products and the decline of non-HD console products within the <:<1tegory.

We will continue to employ soph isticated pr ici ng al gor it hms that automatica lly adjust pricing on both the buy and sell side to ensure we are priced right on pre-owned products to meet the needs of our customers. Also, our Buy-Sell-Trade model allowed us o return more than $1 bill ion o customers, which was applied prima rily to the purchase of new games and hardware.

In addit ion, we repaired more than 20 million games and one million systems. Combin ing our inventory management system for these recycled games and systems with store-to-store stock balancing
capabilit ies allows us to have the right games at the right stores at the right times to satisfy demand

REAL ESTATE PERFORMANCE

Although our steps toward developing and executing a dig ital busin ess made headlines in 2010, there"s no doubt our brfck and mortar business stayed amazing ly strong. Our real estate portfolio is extre mely flexible with short-term leases and small footpr int locatlons. making It one of  he most nimble In retail. We cons tantly monit or store locations to ensu ewe have a retail presence in the most strateg ic areas serving our customer base.

Last year, we had 220 net new st ore openings worldwide, and for 2011, we expect that number to be approximately 100 net new stores worldwide with zero net square foo t age growth in the U.S. We are also using our new loyalty program, PowerUp Rewa rds™, to help us find new under-served markets to open GameStop stores and gain market share from our comp etitor s. In sit uations where our customer base overlaps due to acquisitions, the program's rich da ta is helping us effect ively transfer sales into nearby stores with the goal of increasing overa ll pro fitabil it y.
 
Our new store performance continues to exceed our expectations, and that translates fnto quick cash returns for GameStop. The bottom line for our brick and mortar strategy is that we want disciplined, prudent growth to capture market share. We are now, more than ever, able to communicate directly with our PowerUp Rewards members to better direct and manage customer frequency and store preference.

REWARDING OUR CUSTOMERS

Our PowerUp Rewards loyalt y program we debuted in 2010 is proving to be a big win for us.  After a very successful ro llou t in test markets over the summer , we threw the doors wide open on PowerUp Rewards in October. Now. more than nine million gamers have signed up for t he program, which allows members to earn reward points through new and pre-owned purchases. t rading in games or systems, and through other forms of engagement. The points can then be used to acquire item s from our online PowerUp Rewards catalog.

The program also offer s members a chance to win "epic rewards" by maklng purchases or trades.
These one -of-a-kind opportunities offer unbelievable experiences you just can 't buy , such as visiting the developers of Morta l Kombat at Amsterdam's Guerrilla Games Stud io s, walking the streets of Rome with the creator of Assassin's Creed and go-kart ing with NASCAR dr iver Joey Logano.

The PowerUp Rewards program is unique in retail and is already driving our market share growth . Loyalt y members are shopping with GameStop three times more often than nonmembers and have accounted for 25 percent of all GameStop.com purchases since the program launched. They're also build ing game libraries on PowerUpRewa rds.com. which has mor e than 90 m fllion games In members' libraries. allowing us to mar ket and recommend relevant games to those customers in unique ways.

INNOVATIVE NEW CHANNELS
As we've made clear. 2010 was all about bringing new  n·   iatives to  mark et and add ing  ways to  deliver on our mission t o be the leading global multichannel video game retailer.

As an ex ension of our mu ltichannelstrategy ,  we  have  a very robust  online presence  that  is  integral  to our  success.  We now  have  e-commercein eight  countries.  Our  U.S.  site, GameStop.com,  was relaunched in November 2010 with c1 variety of new fei:ltures designed to reach c1cross all of our channels.














?,:.!'·	-
,"',    .:·	.
 
With simplified  check-out. a stronger recommendation engine. enhanced  product revlews and content	I

With rapidly growing e-commerce video gaming si tes around the world, online commerce ls clear ly one of the fundamental pieces in our strategy.  Online sales more than doubled,   n  2010, and our key me rics show the site is being used as much for research and key learnings about games as it is for making purchases. Many visitors come to our site to learn about games , read reviews, watch game trailers and then go into our stores to make a pu rchase. We do our part to ensure they complete their transac ions with Games op by offering compelling Incent1ve s and exclusives, including PowerUp Rewards. which are not availab le through other gaming retailers,

Another multichannel tool was developed to better serve our customers when GameStop's Picl<Up@Store service hit the market before the holidays, and it 's proven to be a win for customers. The program is free and easy to use, and 1t p lays on the mindset o instant gratification as customers can pick out the game they want on our e-commerce site and then purchase it at a store near them.

ADDING DLC AND ONLINE GAMING TO THE MIX
Adding downloadable content (DLC) o our In-store offerings was another way we enhanced our digital content product offerings last year, and our partnerships with Microsoft and Sony have posit ioned us as the market leader in this area. We crealed dedicated areas in our stores for gamers to learn more about DLC Our knowledgeable game advisors received ex ensive training on DLC so they can help customers discover new ways to extend their game play.

Our customers are using their trade credits  to  purchase d1g 1  al add-ons  from  he hundreds of  SKUs we offer, which helped increase our digital sales by 61 p ercent over 200 9. Although full-game dig ital
down loads rem ain limited by the availab ility, capabilit y and cost of broadband, abundant opportunit ies exist or the digital distribution of add-on content for console games.




 
 





















While brick and mortar sales continue to be our key business driver, our acquis iti on of Kongregate r Augus 2010 was an important pillar in our digital strategy. The San Franc isco-based entity is a leading socia l gaming destination and communit y for core garners representing rhe fast-grow ing free- to-play gaming market. The site hosts 13 mllllon monthly players who spend approx imately 23 mtllion hours per month playing more than 40,000 games on the site.

In January 2011.Kongregate launched Kongregate Arcade. the world's largest collection of free mobile games for Android , using Adobe® Flash® player. Because Android ls currently the fastest growing smart phone operating system, and games are top s on consu mers' fists for mobi le apps. creating Kongregate Arcade puts us in a position primed for explosive grow th.

THE NUMBERS ARE STRONG

Overall, last year was a good year for us. Our total global revenues increased 4.4 percent to a record
$9.47 billion. Operating earnings were healthy, improving 4.0 percent. and diluted earnings per share grew 17.8 percent over 2009. Gross margins were equal to last year as we continued to see the sales m i x shift towards new consoles driven by hardware price cuts and new motion-based gaming devices from Microsoft and Sony .

Cash flow from operations came fn at $591 mllllo n, which was in line wfth our original guidance. The slight decrease from 2009 resulted primarily from the increasein inventory year -ov er-year to ensure in-stock positions in hardware and key titles . Ove rall, our free cash flow totaled $389 million in 2010. GameStop has now generated more than $1.5 bill ion of free cash flow in the last four years. In 2010, we returned
97 percent of our free cash flow to investors through $381 million in stock buybacks, and we have now bought back almost 18 percent of our outstanding shares since fiscal 2008.

In February. our Board authorized $500 million in funds to be used in GameStop's share repurchase and debt retirement plan. Our ongoing execution of share buybacks and debt retirement reinforces our commitment of discip lined capital allocation aimed to improve shareho lder returns.
 

LOOKING AHEAD TO 2011
In 2011, we won't rest on our laur els from last year. There are several ey focus areas we can capitalize on over the next year to continue our posit ive growth:

MAXIMIZE BRICK AND MORTAR STORES
Improve profitab ility by effec tively utilizing the sales tra17sfer process
Apply our PowerUp Rewards program to Improve sales transfer rates and drive market share

REPOSITION THE PRE-OWNED BUSINESS
Raise awareness of our unique buy-sell-trade mo del
Utilize our PowerUp Rewards program to drive pre-owned sales

OWN THE CUSTOMER
Provide deeper interaction with PowerUp Rewards members to drive add itional  sales Expand the PowerUp Rewards program into other GameStop channels: Kongregate, Impulse, GameStop.com, Spawn Labs

DIGITAL GROWTH
Cult ivate eac   digital business: DLC. GameStop.com. Impulse. Kongregate. Game Informe r. Spawn Labs Successfully integrate digital acquisit ions into our mult ichannel network

DISCIPLINED CAPITAL ALLOCATION
Execute our $500 million stock and debt buyback plan
Remain focused on driving Return on Invested Capital to 17 percent by 2014

As you can see, 2010 was a milestone year in GameStop's storied history as the retailer of choice for mill[ons of gam ers. On behalf of our Board, executive leadership team and 40,000+ team members worldwide , we thank you for your continued support of GameS t op.




 
Daniel A DeMatteo Executive Chairman
 
J. Paul Raines
Chief Executive Officer
