Letter from the Chairman

GATX capitalized on unprecedented strength in the
North American tank car market in 2012, driving a 40 percent increase in earnings per share over 2011.

Our North American commercial team was tasked with pushing railcar lease rates higher and lease terms longer, and they delivered. Our Lease Price Index reflected a 25.6 percent renewal rate increase in 2012, and our lease renewal term averaged 60 months. The railcar supply agreement that we signed in early 2011 proved to be well timed, as cars delivering under this agreement are placed with customers out into the fourth quarter of 2014. We made strides in our international business in 2012 as well. We signed a sizeable, multi-year railcar supply agreement to help our European customers modernize their aging railcar fleets, and we secured the first license to lease rail wagons in India, with the initial wagons delivering as 2012 came to an end. Importantly, despite railcar prices continuing to increase, GATX invested $770 million in 2012, which is excellent performance given our disciplined investment philosophy. In 2013, GATX faces a bifurcated global rail market. On the one hand, we expect to continue taking advantage of the attractive tank car market to increase lease rates, lengthen lease terms and place new cars on lease. On the other hand, a number of freight car types operate in weak markets, particularly coal and grain cars in North America and intermodal cars in Europe. Our strategy for these car types is to attempt to maintain utilization at a high level and keep lease terms short in an effort to position the fleet to capitalize on an eventual recovery in those markets. Maintenance expense in North America should increase substantially as GATX has more tank cars scheduled for compliance work in 2013. Combining these factors with lower iron ore volume to be carried at ASC and improving earnings in Portfolio Management, the net effect is that we expect 2013 earnings per share to increase 10 percent or more from 2012.

There are two topics that warrant further discussion as we move into 2013 and beyond. The first is the bright future for oil production in North America, and the resulting positive effect on rail transportation. The development of the Bakken oil shale and the Western Canadian oil sands has resulted in record demand for leased tank cars to carry crude oil to refineries. Coming into this "boom," GATX already owned approximately 10,000 tank cars capable of carrying crude oil. This is one of our advantages of owning a diverse, flexible fleet. However, there is potential for this boom to be short-lived, as eventual pipeline construction may significantly reduce the need for crude transportation by rail. It is clear that pipelines, once constructed, carry crude oil at a lower cost than railcars. However, rail does offer a number of advantages to pipelines. Rail can have a faster delivery time to market, the ability to preserve the quality of the crude, lower capital requirements and less time to construct new infrastructure, and more flexibility to reach a variety of end markets. For these reasons, it is likely that rail will be a significant part of the long-term crude oil transportation solution. However, as with any boom in railcar leasing, market participants can overreact and add too much railcar capacity, ignoring the potential for eventual changes in market economics. GATX will continue to approach this market with the long-term view that is essential to successful deployment of assets that operate for more than 30 years. First, we continue to place our tank cars with customers who are financially strong, value our full-service leasing capabilities, and have demonstrated a

propensity to renew our leases. Second, we are lengthening lease terms on new tank car deliveries out to as much as 10 years or more in an effort to lock in these attractive lease rates through any near-term market disruption. Third, and perhaps most importantly, we continue to use the high demand for tank cars to diversify our fleet across various industries and customers so as not to become too concentrated in crude service. At the end of 2012, only a little more than 1,500 tank cars placed under our North American supply agreement have been committed to customers for use in crude oil service, while the remaining 5,500 cars have been committed to a diverse mix of customers in other industries. GATX believes that this diversification both captures the upside of today's robust tank car demand and provides insulation to our fleet should crude transportation by rail decline in the future. Regardless of the ultimate outcome of the crude transportation equation, increased production of low-cost petroleum and natural gas in North America would be good for GATX because it lowers the cost of producing refined petroleum, basic chemicals and agricultural products. The railcars that carry these products have long been the cornerstone of GATX's fleet. The second topic that I want to highlight is the increased compliance maintenance expense that GATX will experience over the next few years on its North American tank car fleet. Being a market leader in full-service tank car leasing involves performing a wide variety of government- and industry-mandated maintenance programs on our fleet. These programs are generally periodic and based on service time, meaning our upcoming compliance "bubble" is caused by the age profile of our fleet and the timing of various new regulatory programs. In 2013, the number of GATX tank cars scheduled for at least one compliance maintenance program will increase approximately 60 percent to almost 7,500 cars, which could drive rail maintenance expense up 10 percent or more. The number of tank cars scheduled for compliance work will increase again in 2014, decrease somewhat in 2015, and drop below 2013 levels again by the 2016-2017 timeframe. In order to deal effectively with this compliance "bubble," GATX has significantly improved the efficiency of its maintenance network over the last few years, and we have contractually locked up capacity with our third-party maintenance providers

to help handle the increased volume of cars. Realizing continuous improvement in our maintenance network, combined with effective peak-market commercial strategies on our tank car fleet, is necessary for GATX to achieve record earnings and cash flow in the coming years. As we sit here today, we are quite excited about the future of GATX. Personally, I am optimistic that armed with the industry's best employees, 115 years of experience, our customer base, our geographical presence, and our global brand name, GATX will achieve the vision of being recognized as the finest railcar leasing company in the world. I am grateful to our shareholders for enabling us to make it happen.

Brian A. Kenney Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer GATX Corporation

