LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN
A t GAT X , o u r e m p lo y e e s u n d e r sta nd tha t excellent sha r eholder r etu rns ar e c re a te d b y g ro w i n g o u r capi tal e mpl oye d i n a di sc i pl i ne d mann er, w h i l e s i mu l t a n e o u s l y e a r n i n g a n excellent r etur n on th at cap ital.

Based on those metrics, 2014 was another outstanding year. We earned a record $4.48 per diluted share, achieved a return on equity of 15.1 percent, and grew our capital employed by investing more than $1 billion in railcars and related assets around the world. Equally important, our employees fortified GATX's strategic position in a number of ways. A good example is the way they addressed the current uncertainty in the North American tank car market caused by the precipitous drop in crude-oil prices and impending regulations targeting tank cars deployed in flammable liquid service (especially in unit train crude-oil service). A few years ago, our commercial organization understood the volatility inherent in the crude-by-rail business, and they positioned our fleet accordingly. Currently, only 2,500 cars in our 131,000-car North American fleet are deployed in crude-by-rail service, and these cars are secured on longterm leases with high-credit customers, with an average remaining lease term of six years. Instead of aggressively pursuing the crude-by-rail business like many of our competitors, we capitalized on the highdemand environment for tank cars in the last few years to order different tank car types and deploy them into other commodities for long lease terms at record rates. Also in recent years, we sold a number of our cars deployed in flammable liquid service, or we transitioned them into carrying less-volatile commodities. These actions should continue to serve us well as conditions for the tank car market develop in 2015. Another example of our employees' acting strategically is the way we invested in 2014. Apart from taking new-car deliveries under our existing five-year supply agreement, we faced a tough market for investment in the last few years. Railcar values have steadily increased, which is great for current financial results but makes it challenging for GATX to invest in our usual disciplined manner. Yet, instead of overpaying in the spot new-car market, GATX found a unique opportunity in 2014 to deploy $340 million of capital by purchasing a used boxcar fleet. Although the fleet had an average age of 34 years, our team believed that the North American industry's boxcar fleet still serves an essential role in transporting certain

important products. They also projected that the number of these cars would continue to shrink due to age-driven retirement in the next few years, thus creating an attractive investment opportunity for GATX. In the nine months since we purchased this fleet, our team has dramatically improved utilization, sold certain boxcars at a profit, and locked up a meaningful portion of the fleet on term leases at attractive rates. The ingenuity shown by our employees is helping GATX to grow our capital employed in a disciplined manner, regardless of where we are in the business cycle. Finally, GATX employees enhanced the company's financial position in a number of ways. They extended railcar lease terms in a strong market, growing Rail North America's base of future, committed lease receipts to a record $3.6 billion. They also raised more than $1.7 billion of low-cost, longterm financing during the last 12 months, including $550 million of 30-year debt. These actions help secure our access to capital at attractive terms, enabling GATX to invest opportunistically when the railcar market inevitably turns down. They also allow us to balance investing for growth in our business with returning capital to shareholders through stock repurchase and dividends. Our record of uninterrupted dividends now stands at 96 years. I tell our employees that there is a lot we don't know about what will happen in 2015. We don't know which way the economy will turn, where the price of crude will go, what new tank car regulations will be, etc. But I believe that none of these variables should distract us from our daily focus of out-performing the competition, regardless of market conditions. Delivering on that focus will allow us to continue to realize our vision...which is to be recognized as the finest railcar leasing company in the world by our customers, our shareholders, our employees, and the communities where we operate.

Brian A. Kenney Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer GATX Corporation

