LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN

2013 WAS AN OUTSTANDING YEAR FOR GATX. WE EARNED A RECORD $3.50 PER DILUTED SHARE. WE GENERATED ALMOST $800 MILLION IN CASH FLOW FROM OPERATIONS AND PORTFOLIO PROCEEDS, AND WE USED THAT CASH FLOW TO GROW OUR ASSET BASE, PAY $60.5 MILLION IN DIVIDENDS AND REPURCHASE NEARLY 1.4 MILLION SHARES OF COMMON STOCK.
Our North American rail business achieved 98.5% utilization and realized a 34.5% increase in its Lease Price Index while significantly extending tank car lease terms at historically high lease rates. Our success in the current market has resulted in future committed lease income in North American Rail of $3.2 billion, a 38% increase over the last three years. We have also continued to grow our European tank car business profitably while establishing an initial presence in other, potentially higher growth, international rail markets. And at press time, our stock has outperformed most relevant market indices for the last one-, three-, five-, seven- and ten-year periods. GATX's employees should be congratulated not only for their outstanding performance in 2013, but for positioning the company to rise up to a myriad of challenges. I will use this letter to address a few of these challenges and how we are tackling them. First, there is an increasing level of competition in the North American rail market. In our experience, aggressive investment by new market participants is one of the primary signs that the tank car leasing market may be peaking. GATX saw this activity in 2013. The current high returns draw inexperienced entrants to the railcar leasing business--and these entrants assume that these returns will be easy to maintain over the long term. We are also seeing more aggressive investment by certain banking competitors, who use their low cost of funds to win business. We have even seen these competitors fund their long-term railcar purchases with short-term financing, such as bank Certificates of Deposit. This aggressive behavior drives up asset prices, making it more challenging to grow our fleet in this robust market. Nevertheless, GATX was able to add almost 4,500 cars and invest more than $500 million in North America in 2013. We were able to achieve this level of growth in a number of ways. For instance, we set the stage for new car growth in a recovering market by placing a large, multi-year railcar order in early 2011. We have also maintained our investment discipline and only purchase cars in the secondary market that are attractively priced. This sometimes leads us to invest in car types that currently serve markets that are more challenged but that we expect will eventually recover. In addition, we try to use our outstanding relationships with customers to acquire their railcars and lease them back. These situations are often mutually beneficial, as our customers appreciate the value of GATX's outstanding service, and we can purchase the cars at a reasonable price. In today's strong market, we can also use the aggressive behavior of new entrants to sell them cars from our fleet for a variety of operational and exposure reasons--often realizing a higher price from the sale than from continuing to hold the cars. The key to managing the overheated tank car market successfully is understanding the value of railcars over the long term, which is something GATX does very well. A second challenge is that the tank car regulatory environment is changing. After a series of derailments led to product release and fire, the rail industry intensified its focus on the safe transportation of crude oil and ethanol, which increasingly move in unit train service. The industry petitioned the Department of Transportation ("DOT") almost three years ago to issue a new standard for newly built tank cars that would significantly reduce the probability of release in the case of a derailment. Despite the DOT's continued inaction on this petition, the industry has voluntarily ordered new cars built to this higher standard since October 2011. As crude by rail service grew rapidly over the last two years, more derailments occurred, and there is increased scrutiny on the safety of crude by rail transportation.

GATX values safety more than any other principle. In fact, our highest priority goal each year is to attain the highest level of safety, quality and environmentally responsible performance. We focus on continuously improving tank car safety, and we are working with the industry and regulators to create tank car standards that would strengthen the cars that carry crude oil and ethanol. We also believe that a stronger tank car is just one part of a broader solution to improving the safety of crude by rail. That solution also involves the railroads adopting new operating procedures to reduce the probability of derailments and oil shippers improving the testing and classification of the crude oil that they are loading into tank cars.

GATX VALUES SAFETY MORE THAN ANY OTHER PRINCIPLE. IN FACT, OUR HIGHEST PRIORITY GOAL EACH YEAR IS TO ATTAIN THE HIGHEST LEVEL OF SAFETY, QUALITY AND ENVIRONMENTALLY RESPONSIBLE PERFORMANCE.

maintenance programs on our fleet. These programs are generally periodic and based on service time, meaning the current increase in compliance activity is caused by the age our fleet and the timing of new regulatory programs. In 2013, we completed compliance work on approximately 7,500 cars in our fleet, a large increase from the prior year. More importantly, we had a sizable increase in tank qualification compliance events in 2013, which are the periodic structural inspection and repair of the tank itself. Tank qualification is generally the most costly compliance event, and performing this inspection on more than 4,000 cars was a major driver of the 12% increase in net maintenance expense in 2013. In 2014, we expect an increase in both total compliance events and tank qualifications, which should increase net maintenance expense by almost 10%. Beyond 2014, we expect there will be fewer tank qualifications, and by 2017 we anticipate the number of tank qualifications will drop below the 2013 level. While our compliance bubble is definitely a challenge from an operational and cost perspective, we view it as an opportunity as well. We believe GATX already has the most comprehensive and highest quality maintenance regime in the industry. Working through our compliance bubble motivates us to increase our capacity and continue to improve our systems and our efficiency. I am confident that these improvements will enable us to become a low-cost maintenance provider as well. These are just the most recent examples of the challenges GATX has successfully conquered over the last 116 years. The drive, creativity and positive attitude of GATX's employees inspire me, and I look forward to working with them to take GATX to even greater success in the years ahead.

GATX has approximately 4,000 cars currently in crude and ethanol service and another 8,000 cars in other types of flammable liquid service. Ensuring that these cars are secure and arrive at their destination safely is critical. Thus, it is imperative that all parties involved devise a safe way for this transportation to continue. Regulatory action that results in these commodities moving to a less safe mode of transportation, such as highways, would be poor public policy. Thus, we urge the DOT to act rapidly to issue final standards that ensure the safe transport of crude oil and other flammable liquids by rail. The final challenge I will discuss here is the tank car maintenance compliance "bubble" we are experiencing in our tank car fleet. As I discussed in last year's letter, being a market leader in full-service tank car leasing requires us to perform a wide variety of government and industry mandated

Brian A. Kenney Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer GATX Corporation

