 Letter to Our Shareholders
2015 was another very challenging year for Genworth. While we saw continued solid performance across our three primary mortgage insurance (MI) businesses, our U.S. life insurance results continued to be unsatisfactory. We were very disappointed with the large decrease in our share price in 2015, and we continue to focus on improving our operating and financial performance to rebuild shareholder value. In this regard, we successfully implemented a number of our strategic turnaround objectives—and we are taking significant steps to restructure our U.S. life insurance businesses.
Strategic Progress
We made considerable progress on our strategic turnaround objectives aimed at strengthening our core businesses, simplifying our portfolio of businesses and increasing our financial flexibility.
Among the year’s highlights:
• As of December 31, 2015, the U.S. MI business was compliant with the capital requirements outlined in the Private Mortgage Insurer Eligibility Requirements (PMIERs), with a prudent buffer, primarily through the successful completion of reinsurance transactions that generated approximately $535 million in PMIERs capital credit.
• We received significant long term care insurance (LTC) premium rate increases on 35 regulatory filings with an average premium increase of 29 percent
on approximately $740 million of LTC in-force premiums, which equates to more than $200 million of additional premiums on a gross basis1 when fully implemented.
• We completed the sale of our lifestyle protection insurance business and, in January 2016, utilized a portion of the net proceeds to redeem our senior notes due December 2016.
• We announced the sale of certain blocks of term life insurance, which was completed in January 2016, generating capital to Genworth of $100 to $150 million and creating a source of potential cash to the holding company in the form of intercompany tax payments.
• We announced the planned sale of our European mortgage insurance business.
• We took actions in 2015 to reduce our annual cash expense run rate and announced that we are on target to achieve annualized cash expense savings of $100 million or more by mid-2016.
 1 Before the impact of policyholder behavior, waiver of premium, mortality and reinsurance.

 Our Path Forward
While I’m pleased with the progress that we made on our strategic turnaround objectives in 2015,
I recognize there is much more work to do to rebuild shareholder value. In 2016, we will focus on the following three objectives:
1. Maximizing our opportunities in our MI businesses by taking advantage of market opportunities and focusing on writing profitable new business, while at the same time ensuring that we are operating with efficient capital structures.
2. Achieving significant LTC premium rate increases consistent with our multi-year plan that was refined as part of our LTC assumption review in 2015.
3. Restructuring our U.S. life insurance businesses.
To support this objective, on February 4, 2016, we announced our restructuring plan, including:
— suspendingsalesofourtraditionallifeinsurance
and fixed annuity products in the first quarter
of 2016;
— furtherreducingrun-rateexpenselevelsby
another $50 million in 2016;
— repatriatingexistingbusinessfromourprimary
Bermuda domiciled reinsurance subsidiary to
our U.S. life insurance subsidiaries in 2016; and
— separatingandpotentiallyisolatingourLTC
business.
In March 2016, and in conjunction with the U.S.
life insurance restructuring plan, we successfully completed a bond consent solicitation process which provides strategic flexibility to Genworth and is a substantial step forward in isolating LTC from our other businesses as we continue to actively assess strategic options for our U.S. life insurance businesses as previously disclosed.
Conclusion
We are moving forward with a sense of urgency to rebuild shareholder value by focusing on achieving the three objectives noted above. Our strong team
of talented and committed employees, along with
our experienced management team, are dedicated
to taking significant steps to improve our overall operating and financial performance. At the same time, we remain committed to helping families achieve the dream of homeownership and addressing the financial challenges of aging.
Sincerely,
Tom McInerney
President & Chief Executive Officer Genworth Financial, Inc.
March 2016
  