In 2009, we responded decisively to a challenging and
rapidly changing environment, outlining clear plans to serve
our policyholders, support our distribution partners and
rebuild value over time for our shareholders.
We executed our refined business strategy, focusing on what
we do best and what’s most important for our customers—
bringing value to distributors and consumers, while investing
in profitable growth. We continued to manage and mitigate
risk for today’s realities, maintain sound capital and liquidity
levels and optimize our investment portfolio. In short: we
saw what we needed to do and did it. Along the way, we were
guided by the belief that we could emerge from this period
of financial and economic turmoil with more focus, strength,
commitment and passion than ever before.
We also emerged with an even deeper dedication to help people secure their financial lives, families and futures—a need
that has grown more pronounced during this diffi
cult economic period. In fact, this purpose inspired us through the
toughest of times. We’re committed to help people protect
what matters through life insurance, lifestyle protection in-
surance and senior supplement insurance; invest and prepare
for retirement through wealth management, long term care
insurance and annuities; and achieve and maintain home-
ownership through mortgage insurance.
Overall, we delivered sound improvements in 2009 operating
performance:
– In Retirement and Protection, net operating income was
$424 million. As we moved through the year, we saw improving sales trends associated with new product introductions, distribution expansion and strong execution on the
service front.
– In International, we delivered net operating income of
$385 million (after provision for noncontrolling interests),
reflecting solid performances and improving markets in
our Canadian and Australian mortgage insurance businesses and a transition to recovery in our lifestyle 
protection insurance business in Europe—led by re-pricing and
distribution restructuring efforts.
– In U.S. Mortgage Insurance, we had a net operating loss
of $459 million, reflecting the deep downturn in the U.S.
residential real estate market. We successfully executed
loss mitigation strategies with substantial 
benefit and repositioned the business to deliver higher returns with a
lower risk profile going forward. In 2010, we anticipate
improved performance with peak losses behind us.
– In our investment portfolio, net investment losses (net of
taxes and other adjustments) were $658 million—still dis-
appointing but greatly improved over 2008 amounts. Here
we took significant steps to reduce risks, diversify exposures
and, later in the year, reinvest significant amounts of excess
cash to add earnings power back to our portfolio.
Looking ahead, we’ve positioned Genworth to compete effectively and grow 
profitably. Four key levers drive improve-
ments in our business model:
– Generating new business with improved profitability,
– Continuing active risk management and loss mitigation,
– Executing effective capital management and capital deployment and
– Optimizing investment portfolio performance.
You can read more about our specific performance in our
Annual Report on Form 10-K. Here, I’d like to focus on why
I’m confident in our position and how we’ll use these four
levers to continue to drive smart growth. I’ll do so by reviewing our business units and some key priorities.
RETIREMENT AND PROTECTION
In Retirement and Protection, we sharpened our growth
strategy around our leadership positions in life insurance,
long term care insurance and wealth management solutions 
offered through independent financial advisors—and
targeted positions in annuities and Medicare supplement
insurance. Our goal is to understand and provide exceptional
service to our customers by leveraging strong and 
differentiated capabilities.
Through our deep underwriting experience, we’re bringing
smart products to the market to meet our customers’ needs,
while maintaining strong risk disciplines. We’re strengthen-
ing and expanding our distribution relationships by focusing
on what matters most to distribution firms and their 
producers such as responsive service capabilities, product value and
cost efficient platforms. We’re also providing education—to
distributors and consumers alike—so they can make the best
decisions to meet their needs. For example:
– In our life insurance business, we introduced a new portfolio of affordable, flexible products to meet the needs of
the Main Street market—value-minded middle class and
emerging affluent consumers who represent 70 percent of
all U.S. households, but who remain underserved and un-
der insured. Part of this new portfolio, Colony
SM Term UL
is a universal life insurance product that offers consumers
a competitive alternative to term life insurance, while also
being more capital efficient than previous offerings.
 To help producers profitably serve the Main Street market, we introduced Life Quick Request, a streamlined
fulfillment capability for life insurance applications, and
360
0 LifeView SM
underwriting, which takes a holistic view
of underwriting consumers’ mortality risk in order to
deliver more competitive decisions, while improving our
historically strong life mortality experience. To help 
independent financial advisors grow their businesses, we 
differentiate ourselves by offering them practice management
solutions such as marketing, building a community 
presence and enhancing other fundamentals related to 
operational efficiencies and business management.
– To drive continued adoption of long term care insurance,
we’re capitalizing on our 35-year experience in the 
industry to educate our audiences about the importance of
long term care planning, through our annual Cost of Care
survey and other long term care awareness efforts such as
our “Let’s Talk” national campaign.
INTERNATIONAL
In our International businesses, we concentrate on those areas
where there are attractive market and regulatory conditions
for profitable growth, while managing economic, product
and underwriting risks. These include mortgage insurance
in Australia and Canada—the largest markets for private
mortgage insurance outside of the U.S.—and select other
markets. A leader in lifestyle protection insurance—which
helps consumers meet various payment obligations if 
unforeseen events occur—we focus in Europe and targeted new or
developing markets. Throughout the global recession, we delivered solid per-
formances thanks to our strong risk profiles, which we had
refined in anticipation of slower economies. We leveraged
loss mitigation practices from around the company, increased
new business pricing where appropriate and repositioned the
businesses—particularly lifestyle protection insurance—for
reduced exposure to unemployment risk moving forward.
We also delivered on our plans to maintain capital self 
sufficiency and upheld strong capitalization levels. As a result,
we positioned these businesses to grow, taking advantage of
emerging consumer and distributor needs and regulatory
dynamics that provide opportunities as markets continue to
improve.
U.S. MORTGAGE INSURANCE
In U.S. Mortgage Insurance, we took action early to respond
to the challenging economic and industry environment,
repositioning our business model to deliver higher returns
with a lower risk profi
le, through more stringent underwrit-
ing criteria, increased pricing and product or market restric-
tions—while maintaining our focus on insuring high-quality,
single-family mortgages. We are operating this business with
sound risk and capital management practices to maintain a
self-contained capital plan capable of absorbing the impact
of economic conditions that remain stressed. We made solid
progress in three key areas:
– Our extensive efforts to mitigate losses delivered increased
benefits, saving us $847 million in 2009; we expect to real-
ize the same level of benefit or more in 2010, particularly
from the expansion of industry and government mortgage
modification programs.
– We wrapped up the year with a solid capital position and
leading capital strength ratio that provides excellent growth
capacity for profitable new business and flexibility against
regulatory requirements. This, coupled with more than $4
billion in claims-paying resources, positions us as an attractive risk management partner for lenders.
– We increased our market share from 9 percent in the third
quarter of 2009 to nearly 15 percent at year-end 2009, in
part from prudent underwriting guideline changes. As
markets continue to improve, we see the opportunity for
the overall market to increase in size and for us to partici-
pate—writing attractive new business.
Throughout this tough cycle, we’ve grown our understanding of risk factors and new trends associated with 
consumer mortgage loan and economic attributes and applied
this knowledge to our analytic, underwriting and pricing
disciplines. As a result, the performance of our new business
since mid-2008 has been excellent.
INVESTMENT PORTFOLIO
We’ve maintained our discipline of actively managing our
portfolio and quickly responding to changing market con-
ditions throughout the financial turmoil. As of December
31, 2009, we managed a consolidated cash and investment
portfolio of $68.5 billion, with approximately 77 percent
invested in high-quality, fixed maturity securities and cash,
cash equivalents and short-term investments.
Our focus is two-fold. First, we work to diversify and re-
duce risks in our portfolio—managing our exposure to riskier
asset classes, adjusting sector and investment concentrations
and employing strong underwriting and analysis. We’ve seen
solid results with impairments and unrealized losses both
trending down. Where we have capacity, and as the markets return, we are investing carefully—adding in sectors and
high-quality names.
Second, we began a disciplined process of reinvesting the
excess levels of cash we built up in 2009. As of the end of the
third quarter of 2009, our target was to reinvest $2.5 billion
to $3.5 billion by mid-2010—and we are on track to meet or
exceed that goal.
MAINTAINING A STRONG
FOUNDATION
To support our business operations and protect against un-
foreseen events, we maintain a rigorous focus on managing
and deploying our capital. We effectively executed capital
plans during 2009, including the minority stake initial public
offering of our Canadian mortgage insurance business, plus
debt and equity offerings, to improve our financial flexibility
and position the company to fund additional growth. We repaid our 2009 long-term debt, have no additional long-term
debt maturing until mid-2011 and have sound plans in place
to address maturities in 2011 and 2012, while further opti-
mizing our capital structure. In 2009, we also repurchased
$164 million of preferred stock and senior notes maturing in
the 2011 and 2012 time frame.
We’ve maintained sound capital levels across our businesses.
In Retirement and Protection, we achieved a reported year-
end statutory risk-based capital level of 390 percent. In our
International businesses, we have sound capital ratios and are
building excess capital. And in U.S. Mortgage Insurance,
we’re executing on our self-contained capital plan, ending the
year with capital levels well in excess of regulatory required
limits.
PROMISES IN ACTION
The challenging times we experienced in 2009 cemented two
very important concepts for us: what we stand for as a company and how we put that belief into action. Last year, no
matter how difficult things were, our employees were willing to do whatever they could to help 
fulfill our obligations
to our customers. That’s because our people believe that
ultimately we’re about keeping promises. We believe our
promises make a real diff
erence in people’s lives when they
are put into action.
That belief translates into the products, services and support
we provide to help our customers. It’s evidenced by our ac-
tive participation in legislative and public policy discussions
that help shape some of the most important issues facing our
industry, as well as our work to advocate policies and actions
that promote sound homeownership and fi
nancial security
for consumers. It’s demonstrated by our dedication to reach
out to help the communities in which we live and work—
contributing more than 33,000 volunteer hours worldwide
last year.
Most importantly, our belief is manifested in the help we
provide people when they need it the most. Th
is is clear
when you consider that in 2009, we:
– paid more than $3 billion in insurance benefi
ts to Retirement and Protection policyholders and their beneficiaries,
– helped about 100,000 households each quarter maintain regular repayments on their financial commitments
through lifestyle protection insurance and
– helped nearly 20,000 households stay in their homes or
avoid foreclosure through our workout and mortgage modification programs.
The past 18 months have been long and challenging and
have had a profound impact on our economies, industries,
markets and consumers. Through our clear focus on our
strategies and sharp execution, Genworth has emerged better,
smarter and stronger.
There is an old saying that character is revealed and not cre-
ated during times of challenge. In 2009, our more than
6,000 employees revealed the character of Genworth. For
that I could not be more thankful—and of that I could not
be more proud. We know our work is not done and much
potential lies ahead. Thank you for placing your confidence
in Genworth. We will be there making sure we are working
hard and doing the right things every day to earn it.
Michael D. Fraizer
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
March 2010