In 2008, Genworth Financial faced the greatest difficulties we
have ever dealt with as a public company. Our operating environment was 
buffeted by the compounded effect of global economic
contraction, the collapse of the U.S. housing market and financial
market turmoil. As you can imagine, I am not satisfied with our
performance, and I am deeply disappointed with the impact on
our shareholders.
At the same time, our job is to deal with these realities and move
forward—and that is what we are doing. I believe we have taken
and are taking the right steps necessary to manage the ongoing
challenges in this unusual environment to meet our commitments to our policyholders, serve our distribution partners and
rebuild value over time for our shareholders. We have
refined
our business strategy
, focusing on the best opportunities for
growth. And we’re rigorously
managing our capital, liquidity
and risk
to support our businesses. This has required making
choices—many of which were difficult ones—about where we
focus and where we curtail efforts.
As a result, we were able to end the year with an improved capital
base, sound liquidity and a refined strategy as a specialist 
provider of financial security solutions. In addition, we enhanced our
financial flexibility and are positioned to manage an equally tough,
if not tougher, environment in 2009—and emerge with a sharper
business focus when the economic and market turmoil subsides.
I couldn’t be more proud of how our employees have handled the
challenges and changes we have endured, including a workforce
reduction that was necessary given market realities. Throughout
this period, our people worked tirelessly to drive our progress and
demonstrate our commitment to the customers we serve.
You can read our detailed business results in the 10-K report
that follows. I’d like to share my thoughts about our position
and our path forward.
STRENGTHENING OUR FOUNDATION
Let me start by summarizing the important actions we have taken to
strengthen our foundation so it can withstand future economic
and market pressures. First, we took and continue to take multiple
steps that enhance our capital position and liquidity. Th
is included
building significantly larger than usual positions in cash and
cash equivalents and completing a number of reinsurance and
surplus protection strategies as well as other
capital efficiency
projects. As a result, we ended the year with a consolidated risk-
based capital ratio of 450 percent in our U.S. life insurance
companies, up from 385 percent at the end of 2007, and sound
capital ratios across our other business lines. Altogether, this
translated to about $2.0 billion of capital over levels required
for targeted ratings or regulatory requirements. In addition, we
finished the year with a total of $7.3 billion in cash and cash
equivalents on a total company basis. Next, we significantly cut
expenses and resized our organization to reflect market realities.
We expect to reduce net annualized expenses by $100 million
to $150 million on a run rate basis by the end of the third quar-
ter of 2009. Finally, we see moderating new business growth,
which will help us eff
ectively manage our capital base.
2008 PERFORMANCE
While we made good progress reinforcing our foundation during
the year, the challenging environment took its toll on our earn-
ings, which were unsatisfactory. Let me provide some perspectives
on our performance on an operating basis, as well as taking into
account the impact of investment-related gains and losses.
In 2008, Genworth’s net operating income was $469 million, or
$1.08 per diluted share, compared to $1.37 billion, or $3.07 per
diluted share, in 2007. Our International segment’s net operating
income remained substantial and delivered 8 percent growth year
over year—a good but slower growth rate than in prior years that
reflected less favorable foreign exchange and slowing economies.
In the U.S., volatility in the equity and other investment markets,
together with significant erosion in the housing market, resulted
in substantially lower earnings in our retirement income and U.S.
mortgage insurance businesses. Here is a closer look:
– Our International segment delivered sound net operating
income of $633 million. In addition, loss performance was
solid, particularly in light of the global economic downturn.
– Net operating income declined by more than half to $301 million in our Retirement and Protection segment, which includes
our U.S. life insurance and wealth management businesses.
This resulted primarily from investment impacts, the non-
cash write-off
of goodwill, accelerated amortization of deferred
acquisition costs for our retirement income products and
equity market declines. We did see strong earnings and sales
results from our long-term care insurance business despite the
unfavorable environment plus favorable mortality in our life
insurance business.
– U.S. mortgage insurance experienced a net operating loss
of $330 million, as higher incurred losses more than off
set
increased benefits from lender captive reinsurance and loss
mitigation activities. We are actively managing risks in this
segment and our loss mitigation eff
orts have continued to
intensify, providing us significant benefits.
– At the end of 2008, Genworth’s total investment portfolio was
about $67.9 billion, including cash and cash equivalents. Net
investment income was down $405 million to $3.7 billion,
given the lower interest rate environment, lower income from
certain types of investments and the large cash balances we’ve
built for liquidity purposes. In the face of a very challenging
credit market, we had higher write-downs in our investment
portfolio, which impacted our total results as discussed below.
In terms of our total 2008 results including investment gains and
losses, we had components in both the gain and loss categories.
Our active risk management eff
orts resulted in an after-tax gain
of $445 million related to locking in gains on an interest rate
floor strategy that was designed to provide protection in a low
interest rate environment. On
the loss side, we had investment
impairments of $1.4 billion after-tax that included valuation
impairments related to structured assets—primarily sub-prime
and Alt-A residential mortgage-backed securities that represented
less than 2 percent of the portfolio based on year-end valuations.
Taking all of this into account, we incurred a net loss for the full
year of $572 million, or $1.32 per diluted share.
Clearly this is a disappointing performance. We’ve worked hard
to learn from our experiences during this extraordinary period
and apply them every day to how we focus the business, manage
risk and reinforce our financial flexibility.
OUR STRATEGY AS WE MOVE FORWARD
With this as context, let me shift to how we are taking Gen-
worth forward. We are focusing our core businesses on the areas
that we think are the most attractive from a market standpoint;
meet the needs of our customers; and fit with our strengths,
profitability targets, ratings and capital levels.
Our value proposition has never been stronger—consumers
need financial security given these uncertain times and compelling demographic, governmental and market trends make these
needs even more pronounced.
For example, as the world population ages, people increasingly
have insufficient resources, including insurance coverage, to
ensure they are protected from events and that their assets and
income will support their lifestyles. For many people, financial
security seems even more unattainable as healthcare and nursing care costs rise and the burden for saving for retirement shifts
to individuals. In addition, economic factors such as rising
unemployment, declining home prices and the lack of credit
continue to have
a significant impact on the volume of mortgage
originations as well
as home buyers’ abilities to meet their mortgage obligations.
As a result of these trends, we expect to see increased demand for
our financial solutions over the long term. We’re committed to
help people
achieve and protect the dream of homeownership
through the use of mortgage insurance with responsible lending
practices;
create life security
by providing life insurance, payment protection coverage and wellness programs;
build savings
and wealth
through our wealth management offerings together
with financial advisory services; and
establish retirement security
through long-term care insurance and retirement income products.
Within each of these areas, we have sharpened our focus on our
best growth opportunities—those markets, geographies, products
and service off
erings where we see sound potential and that match
our strengths. Our plans to do this are based on the following
strategies in each of our segments:
International
We are aligning our international businesses around geographies
with attractive market and regulatory conditions for profi
table
growth, while managing our product and underwriting risk.
In international mortgage insurance, we are positioning our
established platforms in Canada, Australia, Europe and Mexico
to respond to reduced sales levels driven by materially slowing
mortgage originations and our risk management activities. In
lifestyle protection insurance, we will continue to focus in Europe
and grow in select new markets.
Retirement and Protection
We are further refi
ning our position as a specialist provider of
retirement and protection solutions. We’re investing in the products and value-added services that meet consumers’ needs and our
distribution partners’ expectations—concentrating in those areas
where it matters most.
–
Long-term care insurance.
By leveraging our position as the
largest individual provider of long-term care (LTC) insurance—today, we represent approximately one out of every
three new individual LTC insurance policies sold in the U.S.—
we will grow our LTC insurance products and services. We
also will enhance our off
erings that bundle products with longterm care insurance to provide consumers the flexibility they
want and need. In addition, we will strengthen partnerships
with affinity organizations to extend our reach to consumers.
–
Life insurance.
We serve the Main Street market, value-minded middle class and emerging affl
uent consumers who make
up 95 percent of the population based on income, but who
remain unprotected and underserved. To meet their needs,
we offer a highly competitive product portfolio of term and
universal life insurance. And we have a solid cost advantage
because of our innovative technology and low-cost operating
platforms.
–
Wealth management.
As a leading provider of “turn-key”
services to independent planners, we diff
erentiate ourselves
through our investment management platform, industry-
leading practice management services and back-office support.
We will continue to grow and evolve our wealth management
business to provide even more support to advisors.
–
Retirement income solutions.
We are a leading provider of
single premium immediate annuities and selectively offer
fixed and variable deferred annuities, as well as group vari-
able annuities through retirement plans. We distribute our
offerings through targeted channels, distributors and advisors
most clearly aligned with our objectives, capabilities and risk
appetite.
U.S. Mortgage Insurance
We are one of the highest rated and leading mortgage insurers in
the U.S. To deliver higher returns with a lower risk profile, we
retooled our business model, through more stringent underwrit-
ing criteria, increased prices and restrictions based on product
type and geographic location, while maintaining our focus on
insuring high quality single mortgages. In addition, we’re con-
tinuing our efforts as the industry leader in mitigating losses and
helping homeowners avoid foreclosure. In 2008, through our
Homeowner Assistance program, we helped over 13,000 people
stay in their homes or avoid foreclosure.
MANAGING OUR CAPITAL
AND LIQUIDITY
In each area of focus, we have developed strategies to support
the businesses’ capitalization, targeted ratings and desired cash
levels. We also have taken actions to cut expenses significantly
as we move forward, through business realignment and other
steps; and we see moderate growth over the next two years—
both of which will benefit capital and liquidity levels.
We made strong progress in 2008 against our strategies. For
example, in our international mortgage insurance and lifestyle
protection insurance businesses, we remain well within risk-
to-capital targets and have capital in excess of our regulatory
requirements. As we move ahead in 2009, we target risk-based
capital ratios in our U.S. life insurance companies at or above
350 percent, which historically has been consistent with a AArating level. We believe this effectively positions these companies
to deal with continuing challenges in the coming year.
We are running our U.S. mortgage insurance business to be self-
contained from a capital standpoint, ensuring we are able to stay
within risk-to-capital ratio targets, even within a severely stressed
environment. Our risk-to-capital ratio, at 14.5:1, is well below
the regulatory capital requirement of 25:1. The business had
more than $950 million of capital in excess of statutory require-
ments at the end of the fourth quarter of 2008, providing us
with a significant cushion. We’re managing the amount of new
business we write to ensure we stay appropriately capitalized.
If necessary, we would further lower new business volumes to
preserve capital.
To strengthen our liquidity position, we increased our holdings
in cash and cash equivalents to a total of $7.3 billion at year
end, as noted previously. We have $746 million of available
remaining capacity in credit lines, which extend to 2012. In the
fall of 2008, we tapped into these lines to begin repurchasing
debt maturing in 2009. As of mid-March 2009, Genworth
had repurchased approximately $440 million. Of this amount,
approximately $361 million was completed in the fourth
quarter of 2008. We expect to retire the remaining debt ma-
turing in 2009 using currently available funds and have no
additional debt maturing until 2011.
During the past year, rating agencies have reviewed Genworth,
other insurers and our industry, providing their opinions on
our financial strength, operating performance and ability to
meet policyholder obligations. Several rating agencies lowered
their financial strength ratings on certain Genworth mortgage
insurance and U.S. life insurance companies, consistent with
the agencies’ overall views of ongoing market pressures in
the
industries. Despite these moves, our financial strength ratings remain in sound operating ranges and at investment grade
levels, and based on the progress I’ve described, we are comfort-
able with our financial position and flexibility. Nonetheless,
given the times we live in, we are selectively considering other
strategic options, such as targeted asset sales, to create additional
capital flexibility. We will continue to educate key constituencies—
including investors and rating agencies—on our status and progress across these areas.
MANAGING RISK
We actively manage risk and this has become even more important in the rapidly changing environment. For example, price
increases implemented in 2008 in our long-term care insurance,
international and U.S. mortgage insurance businesses are taking
hold and will enhance our margins going forward. In U.S. mortgage insurance, we put in place additional product, guideline and
underwriting changes to deliver a lower risk profile. In our $67.9
billion cash and invested asset portfolio, we actively look for ways
to mitigate risk. To get better risk-adjusted returns over time,
for example, we will continue to take steps to reduce exposures
to address deterioration in certain asset classes, such as consumer
cyclicals, financials and selective commercial and residential
mortgage-backed securities.
To support our capital, liquidity and risk management efforts,
I’m pleased that three new leaders have joined our team. Ron
Joelson—Chief Investment Officer, Michel Perreault—Chief
Risk Officer and Robert Vrolyk—Chief Actuary bring vast
experience that will enhance our eff
orts to continue to manage
through this challenging environment and position Genworth
for the future.
TAKING CARE OF CUSTOMERS
Everything that we do—from designing products that respond
to consumers’ needs, to providing value-added services for
our distributors, to managing our capital, liquidity and risk—
is done with one purpose in mind. We want to be there for
our policyholders when they need us most. We believe that in
doing so, we’ll also help our distribution partners grow and we’ll
rebuild value for our shareholders.
There’s no question 2009 will be another challenging year. I
believe we are well positioned to manage those challenges—
thanks to our refi
ned specialist strategy, our financial flexibility
and our dedicated employees. At the same time, I believe that
Genworth, along with other companies in the fi
nancial services
industry, has the opportunity and obligation to help to drive the
changes necessary to restore stability and consumer confidence
in financial services and our markets.
We’re committed to engage with policymakers to help aid in the
recovery of housing markets and to explain the critical importance of mortgage insurance in these eff
orts. We’ll work with
industry partners to develop programs that bring more stability
to the financial system and specifically benefit insurers. And
we’ll continue to provide outreach to consumers, to educate
them about how to ensure their fi
nancial security, today and in
the future.
Our strong team of employees is inspired by the work that we
do. They are passionate about helping people achieve financial security at key stages of their lives and they are committed
to facing today’s challenges to help Genworth provide for our
policyholders, distribution partners and shareholders. We know
that the road ahead will be a tough one, but we’re ready for it.
Thank you for your continued confidence in us.
Sincerely,
Michael D. Fraizer
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
March 2009