I’m pleased you’ve been introduced to Tralee
Neville and Jason Macdonald, Eeva Kaartinen,
Dr. and Mrs. Robert Poole, Al Gibbons, Tyone
and Kimora Savage, Dr. William Clovis and Mark
Sheehan in this Annual Report. Their stories are
unique, but they share one thing – they inspire us.
That’s why our
7,000 Genworth employees
work hard with our distribution partners
to help people like these, and more than
15 million others, achieve financial security
at key stages of life.
You can read detailed information about
how that work translates into business
results in the
10-k report that follows.
Here, I’d like to share my thoughts on our
2007 performance, as well as our vision,
our strategy and our future.
our 2007 performance
During a year marked by turmoil in the
U.S. housing industry and disruption in
the global financial markets, we delivered
2007
net operating income of
$1.37
billion
and net operating earnings per diluted
share of
$3.07
– up over the prior year but
below our original target. While our overall
performance across our businesses was
positive, we were disappointed by the
year-over-year earnings decline in our U.S.
Mortgage Insurance segment. In this
segment, our disciplined risk management
and strong revenue growth enabled us to
outperform competitors substantially,
achieving
$167
million in operating
earnings and a full year mortgage insurance
loss ratio that stood at less than half of
what the rest of the industry on average
experienced in
2007. But there are things
we would have done differently in selected
geographic and product exposures and we
will learn from these.
Looking at our other two segments, which
represent the majority of our earnings, we
delivered strong core growth in several
key product lines in
2007, including our
international lines – payment protection and
mortgage insurance – wealth management,
retirement income and universal life
insurance. This growth reflects the diversity
and strength of our business portfolio. We
have established positions across multiple
growth markets, with good momentum,
and we continue to target the 13
to 14 percent operating return on equity goal we
established for the 2010 to 2011 timeframe.
our vision and strategy
Moving forward, we will maintain our
vision of being a leader in providing
solutions that help people achieve financial
security at key stages of life. We want
to help people
achieve homeownership
through the use of mortgage insurance;
create life security
by providing life
insurance, payment protection coverage
and wellness programs;
build savings and
wealth
through our wealth management
offerings and financial advisory services;
and
establish retirement security
through
retirement income products and long
term care insurance.
To fulfill this vision, we outlined four
strategic goals last year and have made
good progress toward them:
Becoming consumer wanted
– working to
meet consumers’ needs today while helping
them protect against future risk. We’re
developing a deeper understanding of
consumers’ needs through research and
market segmentation, while also creating
innovative financial security solutions.
For example, our Cornerstone Advantage®
product helps more people secure their
future independence by making long term
care insurance more simple and affordable.
This, coupled with our wellness and care
coordination services, helps create real
solutions for people’s long term care needs.
Ultimately, we want to provide offerings
that consumers seek out and want –
challenging the notion that insurance must
be sold and not bought – and enabling our
distribution partners to meet the needs of
their customers.
Being distributor preferred
– collaborating
with our distribution partners around
the world to offer innovative products,
specialized services, education and
technology that provide them with value at
every part of the business relationship. We
share our global expertise and local market
knowledge to help our distributors grow.
To advance understanding of key issues
affecting our markets and customers, we
work in partnership with thought leaders
in business, government and academia.
Our studies on mortgage trends in
Canada, Australia and other countries, as
well as forums such as our Retirement and
Long Term Care symposia, bring together
opinion leaders to share ideas and develop
common solutions in response to some of
the most important issues we face today.
Leveraging capital markets leadership
–
using a combination of traditional
insurance disciplines and sound capital
markets-based techniques to enhance
risk management, capital efficiency
and support new business models. For
example, we issued the industry’s first
securitization that efficiently financed
statutory term life insurance reserves.
We also were the first to do the same
for universal life insurance reserves and
have continued to innovate in this area
during the past four years.
Being people driven
– fostering an
environment that welcomes different
backgrounds, capitalizes on diverse
talents, invests in the capabilities of
our people and engages them in
improving our business every day.
Our Genworth Development Center offers
thousands of online and in-person courses
to support employees’ growth. We know
our people drive our success so we want
to support their success.
Our progress toward these strategic
initiatives positions us well for the future.
In the United States, our Retirement
and Protection segment now represents
half of our total operating earnings and
is deepening its broad product and
service capabilities while sharpening its
relationships with key distributors. Our
International segment reached
39
percent
of total operating earnings and remains
focused on payment protection and
mortgage insurance while selectively
exploring new opportunities. And our U.S.
Mortgage Insurance segment is operating
through a very difficult U.S. residential
real estate market while positioning itself
to take advantage of a shifting market and
create a better profile for the future.
our future
We’ve made good progress, but we have
more work to do. We’re confident we
have the right vision and strategy, a solid
financial foundation and sound risk
disciplines to help us take on the challenges
in today’s markets, while seizing
opportunities. As we execute our strategy,
we’ll focus on five key areas in
2008.
We’ll continue to:
1. Navigate the storm in U.S. Mortgage
Insurance. We see the potential for
significant profitable revenue growth
in the segment, as people increasingly
are demonstrating a preference for the
safety and security of fixed-rate mortgages
with mortgage insurance and as loan
standards become more conservative. In
addition, our existing business portfolio
will benefit from substantial reinsurance
protection. As we move ahead, we’ll
continue the important work we began in
2007
to help ensure that the new business
we originate performs well. And, we’ll
keep managing risk through key actions
including tightening underwriting
standards, expanding geographic
constraints and increasing prices.
2. Grow our Wealth Management and
Retirement Income businesses.
We’ll
continue to focus on product innovation
and enhanced service offerings with
risk management disciplines. We’ll
also selectively pursue acquisitions
as we capitalize on emerging growth
opportunities in these areas.
3. Maintain the responsible growth of our
International platforms.
We’ll apply
our product expertise, consumer insights
and local market knowledge to deepen
mortgage insurance and payment
protection penetration in established
markets. We’ll selectively approach
new markets and assess opportunities
to extend our retirement income and
wealth management solutions to
targeted countries. For each, we will
put a priority on growing prudently,
with disciplined risk management and
strong controllership.
4. Strengthen our Long Term Care and Life
Insurance businesses.
In Long Term Care
Insurance, we will grow our new block
of business profitably through additional
products and distribution expansion
leveraging our independent distributors,
career sales operations and partnership
with
aarp. At the same time, work is
underway to improve the performance
of our old block of business. Within our
Life Insurance business, we will expand
our position in universal life, while
concentrating our term life business on
the most attractive consumer segments
and distribution channels.
5.
Focus on strong capital management.
We’ll
emphasize extracting underperforming
capital and redeploying it to higher return
areas or returning it to our shareholders.
And we’ll maintain our cost and
productivity disciplines.
The foundation of our efforts is our clear
vision and our shared commitment with
our business partners to bring financial
security to more people.
think it possible
Every day, our employees are driven by
this vision, demonstrating our values of
ingenuity, clarity, performance, heart and
initiative. And their passion to make a
difference inspires us to get involved with
the communities in which we live and
work – from volunteering with local
children’s programs to finding ways to
improve the environment. Through their
ideas and inspiration, our employees are
helping people around the world achieve
their hopes and dreams, and bringing real
value to our business partners. Simply put,
our employees “think it possible” – and by
doing this, make possibilities become
Think it possible”
is the spirit of
Genworth. We believe great things can
happen when you think differently, and
ask “what if?” and “why not?” We want
to turn opportunities into reality for
people like those you’ve read about in
this report. When I think about the
future, I’m optimistic and excited about
all that’s possible for Genworth – the
consumers we serve, our business partners,
our shareholders, our employees and
our communities. Thank you for being
a part of our journey.
Sincerely,
Michael D. Fraizer
Chairman, President and
Chief Executive Officer
March
2008
