   Letter to our shareholders
I am pleased to report that 2013 was a strong year for Genworth as we accelerated the turnaround of our company. In 2013, we implemented significant changes in our core businesses and made progress on our four strategic priorities — improve the operating performance of the businesses, simplify the portfolio, generate capital and increase the financial strength and flexibility of the company — to improve shareholder value. As a result, Genworth is strong and getting stronger. We are well positioned for continued improvement in 2014, and committed to helping families become more financially secure, self-reliant and prepared for the future.
Tom McInerney
President and Chief Executive Officer Genworth Financial, Inc.

Performance In 2013
We made significant progress on improving business performance in 2013. Compared to
2012, our overall operating performance in 2013 was much improved, as net income available
to Genworth Financial, Inc.’s common stockholders increased 72%, and net operating income* increased 53%. Our results were positively impacted by an improving housing market in the United States, stable markets and improved loss performance in our mortgage insurance businesses in Australia and Canada, and the impact from premium rate increases on our in-force long-term care (LTC) insurance policies.
Among the year’s highlights:
Our U.S. mortgage insurance (U.S. MI) business returned to full year profitability for the first time since 2007. The slow, but continued improvement in the U.S. housing market, strong loss mitigation programs in our business and a growing private mortgage insurance market drove profitable growth in new insurance written and lower losses. The 2005 through 2008 books of business continue to burn through and our profitable 2009 through 2013 books of business as of year end represent 44% of our primary risk in-force.
In our LTC insurance business, we completed a very intensive, broad and deep review of the business and developed Genworth’s three-part LTC insurance strategy:
1
2 Requesting smaller rate increases more proactively on newer blocks, as needed, to bring
 Obtaining significant premium rate increases on the older generation of LTC insurance blocks written before 2002, bringing them closer to a break-even point over time and reducing the strain on earnings and capital;
 them back to original pricing; and
3 Introducing new products that are more tightly underwritten, with appropriately priced benefits using more conservative assumptions.
Genworth Financial, Inc.
  Net Income Available to Genworth Financial, Inc.’s Common Stockholders (in millions)
$560
$325
2012 2013
* Non-GAAP Measure. See page 101 for Reconciliation of Net Operating Income
Net Operating Income*
(in millions)
$403
$616
    2012 2013
  
We continue making good progress on the premium rate increase approvals for the three older generations of LTC products written
from 1974 through 2001, and on one series of newer generation policies written from 2001 through 2007. As of December 31, 2013, we have received regulatory approvals representing approximately $195 to $200 million of annual premium increases when fully implemented from 41 states. Additionally, in September, we began filing for approval of 6% to 13% rate increases
on LTC insurance products issued beginning in 2003 and written through 2012.
Overall operating performance in 2013 was much improved, as net income available to Genworth Financial, Inc.’s common stockholders increased 72%, and
net operating income increased 53%.
 How we design new products is a key focus for
us as we move forward with the opportunity
in our LTC insurance business. At the end of
November, we began filing our Privileged Choice or PC Flex 3.0 product with a much improved risk profile, only marginal interest rate risk and lapse risk, significantly less morbidity risk and projected returns of more than 20% based on our assumptions.
 We also made progress on simplifying the business portfolio to make our company easier to understand as well as to focus our resources on our core businesses. In 2013, we completed the sale of our reverse mortgage and wealth management businesses. The net proceeds of the wealth management sale have been set aside to help cover the debt maturity due in June 2014.
Over the course of the year we were able to generate significant capital from a variety of sources. First, our operating subsidiaries paid dividends to the holding company of approximately $500 million, including the first ordinary dividend from the U.S. life insurance companies since 2008 — a big milestone for the company. Second, we completed two very successful debt transactions. In August, we raised $400 million that was used to redeem all of our 2015 debt maturity. Also, in December, we raised $400 million and the company subsequently made capital contributions
of $300 million to Genworth Mortgage Holdings, LLC and $100 million to Genworth Mortgage Insurance Corporation in anticipation of higher capital requirements expected to be imposed by government-owned and government-sponsored enterprises as a part of the anticipated revisions to their eligibility standards for qualifying mortgage insurers.
We have improved the financial strength and flexibility of the company by proactively addressing near term debt maturities, developing a comprehensive capital plan for our U.S. MI business and reestablishing a credit facility. The comprehensive U.S. MI capital plan increases our financial flexibility while bolstering capital so the U.S. MI business can continue to write profitable new

business and improve its returns and profits over time. In September, we established a $300 million credit facility, which is a source of contingent liquidity for us. As a result of the many actions we have taken to improve our financial strength and flexibility this year, Genworth Holdings, Inc., the issuer of outstanding public company debt, is now on stable outlook with all of the rating agencies, and we will work to improve the ratings over time.
Genworth employees also gave back to the community in a big way. Genworth employees volunteered 18,000 hours in 2013 and the Genworth Foundation and Genworth Financial, Inc. donated approximately
$5 million to organizations around the world.
Genworth made significant progress on our strategic priorities in 2013 and while there is more work to do, we are well positioned for continued improvement in 2014.
The Need For Our Products
Genworth employees also gave back to the community in a big way.
  There has never been a greater need for the products we offer. There are about 10,000 people turning 65 in the United States every day from now until 2030, and most of them will need to
fund long-term care costs sometime in their future. Genworth is working to design innovative products and services that could help many of those individuals address their long-term care funding challenges. Genworth is the LTC insurance market leader and already offers a spectrum of LTC insurance solutions ranging from individual and group to linked-benefit products to
index universal life insurance with LTC acceleration benefit riders. In addition to our innovative products, we also provide wellness and care planning services. In 2013, we commissioned a study called Beyond Dollars: A Way Forward. Looking at the relationship between those who had purchased a LTC insurance policy versus those who did not, Beyond Dollars found that more than half (58%) of those without LTC insurance see the benefit in owning a policy and regret not having one. The majority believe LTC insurance would have resulted in relief from the financial burden associated with long-term care (59%); less strain on family situations (59%); and relief from stress on the family (51%).
In 2013, we released The Future of Retirement Income survey showing consumers have unrealistic expectations about when they will retire, how much money they will need in retirement and where that income will come from. The findings of the survey underscore the need for flexible financial solutions that provide reliable retirement income, such as fixed annuities.

Our life insurance offerings protect people during unexpected events and help address the needs of the uninsured and underserved middle market. It is estimated that there are 70 million households in the United States that either do not own or do not have enough life insurance coverage.1 Based on the latest available market data for the year ending 2013, index universal life (Index UL) insurance has grown from a $330 million market in 2006 to a $1.7 billion market in 2013.2 Index UL sales increased 13% in 2013, representing 42% of total UL premiums and 17% of all individual life insurance premiums.2
Similarly, fixed index annuities (FIAs) continue to experience a surge in popularity. FIAs have turned in six consecutive record-breaking years of growth, finishing 2013 with $39 billion in sales.3 FIAs represented 46% of total fixed annuities sold in 2013.3 We expect these positive industry sales trends within the index markets to continue in 2014.
For many first-time homebuyers in the United States who cannot afford the standard 20% down payment, purchasing a home would be out of reach without mortgage insurance. Since the U.S. mortgage insurance industry’s inception, 25 million families have qualified for mortgages because of private mortgage insurance — many of them first-time homebuyers. Now, the housing market
is on the comeback, and with it comes a resurgent mortgage insurance industry helping more Americans gain access to safe, affordable mortgage credit. Polls show that for many, owning
a home remains a key component of the American Dream. Genworth’s U.S. MI business offers private mortgage insurance with a mission to ensure that creditworthy borrowers continue having access to affordable low down payment financing.
1 LIMRA2012ClosingTheLifeIns.Gap;FederalReserveBoard2010SCFData 2 LIMRA,U.S.IndividualLifeInsurancesales,Fourthquarter2013
3 “AnnuityIndustryEstimates”YTD2013,LIMRA
U.S. Life Insurance Division Global Mortgage Insurance Division
  Net Income Available to Genworth Financial, Inc.’s Common Stockholders (in millions)
Net Operating Income
Net Income Available to Genworth Financial, Inc.’s Common Stockholders (in millions)
$409
$235
Net Operating Income
(in millions)
$398
$384
(in millions)
$334
$394
     $274
 2012
2013
2012
2013
2012 2013
2012 2013
$204
      
  In our September 2013 edition of Streets Ahead, we observed that almost one in two Australians think that now is a good time to buy a home even though national homebuyer confidence has decreased. In Canada, immigration is a key driver supporting the first-time homebuyer market. In fact, when you look at Canadians aged 20 to 44, prime first-time homebuyer candidates, that segment grew by more than 140,000, or more than 1% last year, largely driven by immigration. Growth in that particular segment has accelerated over the last decade and
is expected to remain positive in the next decade. Genworth is a leading provider of private mortgage insurance in both Australia and Canada, and these businesses historically have been significant contributors to our profits and capital generation.
Genworth’s Top Five Priorities
Heading into 2014 our strategy remains the same — improve the operating performance of the businesses, simplify the portfolio, generate capital and increase the financial strength and flexibility of the company. The top five priorities for Genworth in 2014 are:
1 Execution of our LTC insurance strategy. That includes: obtaining significant premium rate increases on the older generation of LTC insurance blocks written before 2002 to begin bringing them closer to a break-even point over time and reducing the strain on earnings and capital; requesting smaller rate increases more proactively on newer blocks as needed, to bring them back to original pricing; and introducing new products that are more tightly underwritten, with appropriately priced benefits, using more conservative assumptions. This includes seeking prompt approval of the new PC Flex 3.0 LTC insurance product.
2 Taking steps to expand the private LTC insurance market. We are focused on getting the regulatory and legislative work done coupled with more public awareness about long-term care financing needs to expand the market.
3 Development of stronger and more competitive UL and Index UL insurance products, balancing sales between term and permanent life insurance.
4 Continued execution of our U.S. MI strategy with a goal of significantly improving earnings in 2014.
5 Execution of the initial public offering of up to 40% of our Australian mortgage insurance business, which allows Genworth to reallocate capital while reducing systemic risk.
     
  
 Conclusion
2013 was a year of improvement at Genworth as we made significant headway on our turnaround strategy. And while there is much more work to do, Genworth is working to get stronger as we focus on continued execution of our strategic priorities and improving the operating performance of our businesses in 2014. We have an experienced management team and talented employees who accomplished a lot in 2013 and have positioned us well for 2014. We will remain focused on our top priorities, and we will continue to make progress on our mission to protect families at life’s moments of truth and to help families achieve and maintain the dream of home ownership.
Sincerely,
Tom McInerney
President and Chief Executive Officer Genworth Financial, Inc.
April 2014
 