TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
I CONSISTENTLY DESCRIBE GENWORTH FINANCIAL AS MORE THAN A LIFE AND MORTGAGE
INSURANCE COMPANY,
ASKING PEOPLE TO THINK OF US AS AN EXECUTION
COMPANY– AND THAT IS EXACTLY WHAT WE WERE IN
2004. BEGINNING OUR PUBLIC COMPANY LIFE AS THE LARGEST IPO OF
2004, WE SET OUT TO PROVE THAT
WE ARE A COMPANY BUILT FOR WHERE THE MARKETS ARE GOING,
NOT WHERE THEY HAVE BEEN, AND A COMPANY THAT CREATES VALUE FOR SHAREHOLDERS.
I AM EXCITED TO SHARE WITH ALL OF YOU HOW WE ARE DOING BOTH.
WHILE A NEW PUBLIC COMPANY, WE HAVE HERITAGE AND STRENGTH.
Our underwriting companies have decades of
experience, with our oldest dating back to 1871. Through a combination of core growth, acquisitions, and diligent risk management, we built what today is Genworth. We have strength and depth, with assets of $104
billion, revenues of $11.1 billion, and sound capital ratios. We have reach, with diversified distribution and oper-
ations in 22 countries. We derive nearly 29 percent of our earnings from outside the U.S. We have character,
benefiting from operating rigor and deep values stemming from our GE heritage. And we have opportunity, due
to our sharp focus on three growth markets and our ability now to forge our own destiny as a purpose-driven
company with a new ownership base.
OUR PURPOSE IS CLEAR.
Looking at our markets we see aging populations with inadequate savings and rising health-
care costs, where burdens are increasingly shifted from governments and corporations to individuals. In addition,
we see incentives by governments to foster individual ownership – of one’s home or one’s own financial security.
Our mission is simple: Genworth is dedicated to helping individuals make it financially in this world of shifting
burdens through our focus on protection, retirement income and investments, and homeownership.
We deliver
protection,
helping people build a personal safety net through life and long-term care insurance, payment protection coverage, and benefits for employees of small companies.
We concentrate on retirement income,
helping people
create a paycheck they can’t outlive, while also helping them invest to achieve their financial dreams.
And we enable
homeownership,
helping people achieve this dream with lower down payments through the use of mortgage insurance. Across our businesses we link valued services such as education, wellness programs, and technology to our
insurance products in order to differentiate, make us easier to do business with, and help our business partners
grow and succeed. Our mission and approach puts us on a new footing versus many competitors – with a focus on
needs, not just products.
WE EMBRACE CUSTOMER NEEDS.
While there can be debate about what groups constitute customers when it comes
to insurance, it is straightforward in our minds. We must understand and serve the needs of our policyholders,
companies that distribute our products, and the producers and sales representatives who sell those products.
Addressing each of these needs creates a better outcome for all.
OUR MARKETS HOLD STRONG GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES.
Our industry, like most, is full of opportunities and challenges. Fortunately, the opportunity list is long, driven by compelling demographics. We see growing protection
needs driving demand for our products. We remain bullish about the long-term care market despite its current
transition. Long-term care insurance penetration remains low – under 10 percent for those who need it th
most, people age 55 and over. An age-old product like life insurance presents significant opportunity as people
remain underinsured – the typical person has roughly two times income coverage while experts suggest 12 to 15
times income coverage may be required. Moreover, growth of small employers with increasing employee benefit
needs helps drive our small group benefits business, just as European consumer lending drives growth in our
payment protection business. Our number one position in individual long-term care insurance, top 10 ranking
in term life and leading position in European payment protection set us up for continued growth.
Retirement income is emerging as the market need for tomorrow, as people shift from accumulating savings to
income distribution and trying not to outlive their financial assets. In the U.S., people within 10 years of retirement hold some $4.4 trillion of financial assets, with another $3.3 trillion held by people in their first 10 years of
retirement. This creates an enormous opportunity for income distribution and asset protection products – and in
these markets Genworth is a clear leader.
We see strong potential for mortgage insurance growth as well, particularly outside of the U.S., where government homeownership policies, capital regulations and the growth of low down payment lending all act as
growth catalysts.
While our growth opportunities are strong, we will remain focused and selective. In each of our three operating
segments, we are experts. We have deep experience and distribution relationships, and we intend to drive core
growth as a first priority – through product innovation, distribution penetration and service. As Genworth, we
strive to link the power of focusing on the right things with a commitment to blast bureaucracy and be more agile
we call this smart agility. We also know how to acquire companies and blocks of business, and do this well –
integrating them into our business in a disciplined way. So we will pursue acquisitions, but will be selective.
WE FACE REALITIES AND CHALLENGES HEAD ON.
While the opportunities are clear, we also understand the challenges
before us. We face about as tough an investment environment as one could imagine, with low interest rates and
tight credit spreads. Fortunately, credit quality remains strong. We are working hard to broaden prudent investment strategies to enhance the yield on our investment portfolios.
Our industry has overcapacity and long-term patterns of profit emergence. This, at times, results in undisciplined
competition and can heighten the importance of distribution or operating scale. We accept these realities.
Uniquely, we have an independent, 150-person risk management team that analyzes and addresses risk across
every aspect of our business. Working with other functions, including actuarial and finance, we make sure we
maintain and expand this discipline every day. At the same time, we strive for cost efficiencies and scale. We drive
cost reductions to enhance margins and fund our future growth. We rigorously use centralized purchasing, cost
action teams, process improvement methodologies and new technologies to create efficiencies. Then we go on to
enhance operating scale both by combining existing operations and using external partners.
Regulatory scrutiny and headlines are common these days in insurance. That’s why we have worked hard over the
years to build an extensive compliance infrastructure team and set of practices. These collectively help us make
sure we pay rigorous attention to compliance.
Finally, our industry and the value it delivers are not well understood. This is particularly key as important issues
such as Social Security and tax reform are debated. Fragmented state regulations, with no clear representation in
Washington, D.C., mean we must strive to be better understood and have a voice on key issues every day.
Genworth has established its own government relations and public policy presence and will intensify these efforts
in the months and years ahead. You will also see Genworth speak as a thought leader about our target markets.
Our enclosed piece on Generation I is a clear example of this. Trade associations can help, but we must also con-
vey the message directly.
WE ARE CREATING AN EXCITING BRAND.
We are proud of our new name – it represents what we do: help generations
protect themselves and build their financial security. And it reflects our heritage. Our TV commercials with
Andre Agassi and SteffiGraf, together with print advertising and trade events, have raised name awareness dramatically. While initially focusing our efforts on distributors, we had some fun last December, reaching some
20 million consumers in a big way as the key project sponsor of two charity events on the final episodes of last
season’s hit TV show
The Apprentice. The reaction from customers and employees was nothing short of fantastic.
We go forward with plans for continued brand development in 2005 to create a deeper understanding of what we
do, how we are different, and our specific products. All in all, it’s a nice start.
WE ARE DEDICATED TO CREATING SHAREHOLDER VALUE.
As a new public company, we put in place sound corporate
governance practices, looking at best practices in today’s world. Our independent directors, together with our
GE directors, form a tremendous board that has helped guide us from the beginning. We pursue sound financial
controllership practices supported by extensive audit work. As a management team, we focus on our customers,
innovation, managing risk, allocating capital, developing people and executing. Simply put, we are running
our business to create value. We spend an appropriate amount of time with the investment community, but you
will not see us running the company with short-term stock prices or quarterly earnings forecasts in mind. We are
expanding our operating return on equity (ROE) from historical levels and made nice progress during 2004. You
will continue to see us expanding ROE gradually with an interim target of 12 percent at the end of 2008. We
pursue ROE expansion using five levers: adding new business layers at attractive returns, running off old lower
return blocks of business, continued cost efficiencies, gradual improvement in investment returns, and effective
capital management and/or redeployment – the latter including capital efficient product designs, acquisitions,
share repurchases, and dividends. We have certainly created value for our shareowners in 2004, and we look forward to doing so for decades to come.
BUT AT THE END OF THE DAY– IT IS ALL ABOUT PEOPLE.
I am often asked what characterizes the 6,150 associates that
make up and represent Genworth around the world. My answer:
they are builders with values.
The people who
come and work at Genworth are not here to be “maintainers.” We come to work with a clear purpose – to help
individuals make it financially in this world of shifting burdens and, by doing this well, to reward our shareowners. To achieve this, we recognize that every day we must build, always raising the bar for ourselves to set a new
standard – and once achieved we must reset the standard and do it again. We must build products, distribution
access, relationships, service capabilities, risk systems and, yes, people. The operative word though is “build,”
because a good builder mindset links the actions of understanding needs, laying foundations, designing for success and executing. And that’s what we do. We also recognize that values make a difference in a company and how
it behaves. We embrace four values:
ingenuity
– a spirit of inventiveness;
clarity
– taking the complex and working
hard to make it simple and clear for everyone;
performance
– being accountable for and achieving goals yet always
doing so with integrity; and
heart
– showing a spirit of caring. Our associates work to bring these values to life
every day. Are we perfect? Far from it. But we know what we aspire to and strive for.
SO JOIN US ON OUR JOURNEY.
We are new, yet we have heritage and experience. We are innovative, yet have depth
and financial strength. We are risk takers, yet manage risks intently. We compete in an industry with centuries
of history, yet we are a different kind of company. We have accomplished a lot – and had a tremendous 2004,
but the best is yet to come. We are thrilled to have you with us. We are Genworth, and we are a glimmer of what
we will be.
Michael Fraizer
CHAIRMAN,
PRESIDENT
and
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Genworth Financial