In 2011, we continued to experience challenges posed
by the uncertain economic environment and negative
impacts from a weak U.S. residential housing market. We
recognize that it was a difficult year for shareholders and
are humbled by that. We have sought feedback, listened,
and moved forward with a clear sense of urgency to
improve the performance, focus, and alignment of our
businesses. Our goal is to manage the overall business
portfolio to create the best value for shareholders over the
medium to long term. So we have taken steps to narrow
and realign business units, shift new business mix and
volumes, rebalance exposures, expand risk buffers and
use of reinsurance, streamline costs, and drive stronger
capital generation to support future redeployment for the
benefit of shareholders—and our work continues.
Backing all these efforts is our commitment to consumers
and distribution partners—to help people secure their
financial lives, families, and futures by helping them
achieve and maintain homeownership through mortgage
insurance (MI), prepare for retirement, and protect
themselves and those they care about.
There’s no question that we have more to do, and
we’re committed to maintaining our intensity to take
advantage of opportunities, overcome barriers, and
rebuild value for shareholders. Our businesses operate
in large target markets and we’ve strengthened each
of our business platforms. In Insurance and Wealth
Management, we’re improving the performance of our
in-force business and investment portfolio and managing
new business to enhance statutory earnings and overall
profitability. In our International Mortgage Insurance
businesses, we’re delivering sound results, targeting
new business selectively, and generating capital for our
holding company. And in U.S. Mortgage Insurance,
we’re managing the business to return to profi
tability, by realizing strong benefits from loss mitigation programs,
pursuing capital management strategies, writing highly
profitable new business while maintaining underwriting
and pricing standards, and supporting housing-related
public policy initiatives.
Here’s a closer look at our progress and plans:
Insurance and Wealth Management
In our Insurance and Wealth Management division,
we help consumers protect what’s important to them,
build for the future, and achieve peace of mind. We’re
committed to providing excellent customer value by
leveraging our differentiated capabilities in product
management, risk management, and service—as well as
our broad distribution relationships.
To drive profitable growth, we’ve concentrated on our
strongest market positions, exiting non-strategic lines
such as variable annuities and Medicare supplement
insurance. In January 2012, we announced the sale of
our tax and accounting advisors unit, Genworth Financial
Investment Services, which will allow us to focus on our
core turnkey asset management businesses. In addition,
we are actively managing product pricing, risk exposures,
and new business levels.
As a specialist, we concentrate in five key areas, which
include important leadership positions:
• Life insurance: We offer a sound portfolio of life
insurance products, primarily through the brokerage
general agency/independent marketing organization
channels. These products are designed to meet
the needs of middle-market and emerging affluent
consumers—what we refer to as the “Main Street
market.” To support our customers, we offer
integrated technology and service platforms to drive
efficiency and help our distributors grow profitably.
We also provide comprehensive sales solutions such as
LifeJacket
SM
—research highlighting insurance coverage
gaps and the reasons behind them, plus tools to help
move producers to action—which we introduced in
2011. In our targeted life insurance channel, we’re
pleased to be recognized as number one in policy
sales and customer service, best overall provider
and the carrier most preferred to write
Long term care insurance
: As the market leader in
individual coverage, we are committed to helping
producers, consumers, and policymakers understand
the importance of long term care planning. We offer
multiple solutions to fit the needs of individuals and
also selectively participate in the group market. For
instance, our newest long term care (LTC) insurance
product, Privileged Choice® Flex, lets customers
choose a LTC insurance plan that best suits their
lifestyle and budget. The product also provides access
to our Live+Well
SM
wellness education program
—
developed in collaboration with the Mayo Clinic, to
help customers manage, monitor, and improve their
health risks
—
as well as to caregiving information/
referral services through our CareScout® business. We
introduced AARP® Caregiving Help and Advice from
Genworth in early 2012 to meet the needs of AARP’s
millions of members nationwide. This offering is the
first national service endorsed by AARP to integrate
care assessment, suggested care planning, and robust,
detailed provider information. On the service front,
we are the industry leader in LTC insurance claims.
We have recently established new approaches that
further assist our claimants in regaining independence
where possible. These include enhanced case
management, modified care coordination protocols,
and a caregiver interview. In addition, we continue
to work to improve the performance of older issued
policies through pricing actions and care support
activities and will remain focused in this area.
•
Fixed annuities
: We offer a broad line up of fixed
annuity products, including immediate, deferred, and
indexed annuities, which are designed to help people
accumulate wealth and achieve guaranteed lifetime
income. In December, we launched a new suite of
fixed indexed annuity products. We have a deep
commitment to providing outstanding service and
sales support within this product line and extending
our distribution capability. In fact, we are recognized as
among the best in the industry for servicing annuities.
•
Lifestyle protection insurance
: With leading positions
in Europe and select new markets, our lifestyle
protection insurance business helps people maintain
their credit obligations and lifestyles in the event of
the unexpected—whether that is an accident, sickness,
unemployment, or loss of life. While the environment
in Europe has remained challenged, we’ve developed
a solid foundation for growth when economies recover
and consumer confidence is restored. We have
restructured our distribution agreements, re-priced
existing and new business, and been awarded a
number of new distribution relationships. In addition,
we’ve made strategic investments in targeted new
distribution channels and geographies to diversify
revenue sources and also enhanced our operations
capabilities. The business continues to maintain strong
capital ratios and is an important source of dividends to
the holding company.
• Wealth management: We are the #2 provider for
independent advisors in the turnkey asset management
segment, where we offer advisors access to a flexible
open architecture product platform along with valued
support services that enable them to concentrate
on meeting the needs of their clients. In 2011, we
underwent an important transition with the addition
of Altegris and its suite of alternative investment
products. We are focused both on adding new advisor
relationships and penetrating advisory channels, by
broadening our product portfolio and improving
customer service through activities such as upgrades
to our online platform, eWealthManager.
In each of these lines, we’re being selective regarding
new business—implementing product design and pricing
changes to drive more profitable business while managing
sales volumes and mix. We expect these product
and pricing changes, combined with increased use of
reinsurance, to allow us to write new business that is more
efficient in its capital usage. We also remain focused on
improving the performance of our in-force business; in
LTC, for example, we executed our second round of price
increases in 2011. In life insurance, we completed our first
block transaction in the first quarter of 2012, generating
capital to support surplus positions. In lifestyle protection,
pricing, risk, and cost actions have helped to improve
the in-force performance. Taken altogether, the moves
we’re making are increasing the level and consistency of
earnings.
Mortgage Insurance
Through our global Mortgage Insurance division,
where we have major positions in several important
regions around the world, we help people achieve
homeownership sooner. With the protection of MI,
lenders can offer mortgages to qualified borrowers with
a lower down payment, while managing their capital and
risks more effectively.
International Mortgage Insurance
In International Mortgage Insurance, we are focused on
sustaining our leading positions in Canada, Australia, and
other select markets; maintaining pricing and underwriting
disciplines in a competitive environment; and managing
in-force business to minimize losses. For example, in
Canada, we delivered solid results to shareholders and
improved our market share with lenders as a result of our
focus on differentiated service, prudent underwriting, and
capital strength. We consistently earn higher customer
satisfaction ratings than our competitors and continue
to be the private mortgage insurer of choice in Canada.
In Australia, we further strengthened our platform by
successfully securing new customers and renewing
a significant number of customer contracts—many at
extended terms. Across our platforms we have maintained
strong underwriting and loss mitigation disciplines, with
increased prices in most of our businesses. To support
our objectives of rebalancing the portfolio, enabling future
business growth, and supporting capital redeployment
while maintaining control of our strategic MI platforms, we
are pursuing an initial public offering of up to 40 percent
of our Australian mortgage insurance business—similar to
an approach taken previously with our Canadian platform.
We also are expanding our use of global external
reinsurance markets in certain countries to support capital
and risk management. Overall, the International MI
businesses are strong generators of capital and continue
to provide reliable dividends to the holding company.
U.S. Mortgage Insurance
As economic conditions pressure the housing industry and
forward, we will continue to manage our capital to support
statutory earnings, holding company dividends, risk
buffers, and shareholder redeployment.
Helping People Around the World
Genworth is passionate about making a difference
for the people who rely on us—through our products,
value-added support, community services, and industry
advocacy. In 2011, for example, we:
• Paid more than $3.3 billion in insurance benefits,
delivering protection and peace of mind to our U.S.
life insurance, long term care insurance, and annuity
policyholders and benefi
ciaries;
• Helped more than 156,000 people achieve
homeownership and over 37,000 borrowers
stay in their homes or avoid foreclosure; and
• Enabled more than 120,000 people in Europe to
maintain regular repayments on their financial
commitments through our lifestyle protection
insurance programs.
In addition, we shared leading research to promote
consumer financial literacy and customer growth. We
conducted the International Mortgage Trends Report—a
survey of 9,000+ current and aspiring homebuyers in eight
countries—aimed at encouraging a deeper understanding
of the challenges likely to shape business strategies
and providing the mortgage industry in all markets with
insights that illuminate future opportunities for business
growth. Our national 2011 Financial Reality Check Study,
which surveyed Americans’ preparedness for a long term
care coverage need, challenged consumers to include a
conversation about long term care planning in their overall
financial planning discussions.
Lastly, we reached out and gave back to our communities.
Employees worldwide volunteered more than 23,700
hours to serve 190 non-profit organizations on 475
projects. The Genworth Foundation also has invested with
EveriFi TM
in a leading financial literacy tool, which offers the latest in new media technologies to make complex
financial concepts compelling and relevant for today’s
digital generation. This year, 240 high school teachers
were trained free-of-charge in the tool’s My Money, My
Future
SM
financial literacy course; and more than 3,000
students completed the course and received certification
across the state of Virginia.
We are committed to build on the momentum we
generated in 2011 and enhance shareholder value. Today
we’re a stronger, more focused company—and we’re taking
the necessary steps to continue to invest in our strongest
value propositions, maintain prudent risk buffers, support
capital generation and deployment, and make a difference
for the people who count on us every day. Thank you for
your continued support of Genworth.
Michael D. Fraizer
Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer
March 2012
