 Letter to Our Shareholders
2014 was a very difficult year for Genworth as we worked through challenges in our old blocks of long term care insurance (LTC). These LTC challenges overshadowed strong operating performance in our Global Mortgage Insurance (MI) Division. While we remain committed to helping families become more financially secure, self-reliant and prepared
for the future, Genworth’s performance is not where we want it to be. As a result, we have made candid appraisals of our businesses’ strengths and weaknesses and are taking proactive measures to reposition our overall business portfolio to improve shareholder value.
  
 Performance in 2014
Compared to 2013, our overall operating results decreased significantly in 2014. The poor operating performance was driven by two significant pre-tax reserve charges, primarily in our older LTC blocks:
a $531 million increase in claim reserves in the third quarter, and a $729 million increase in reserves on
our old acquired blocks of LTC business in the fourth quarter. These two reserve charges also contributed to negative rating agency actions in the U.S. life insurance companies and parent holding company as well as several of our international MI companies. We believe the updated assumptions for our LTC reserves are reasonable and appropriate, given the experience that has emerged and the reviews undertaken, and we will continue to monitor our experience, assumptions and resulting reserves closely.
We continue to make solid progress on premium rate increase approvals for several series of LTC policies written from 1974 through 2007. As of December
31, 2014, we have received approvals representing approximately $200 to $210 million of annual premium increases and we expect to achieve $250 to $300 million of annual premium increases when fully implemented by 2017. Additionally, in September 2013, we began filing 6% to 13% rate increases on another series of LTC policies issued beginning in 2003 and written through 2012. As of December 31, 2014, we have heard back from 30 states and received approval from 22 states. The approvals received so far on these newer LTC blocks should add an incremental $20 to $30 million in annual premium increases once fully implemented.
In our Global MI Division, our operating earnings in 2014 increased over 2013, reflecting favorable loss performance, improved housing markets in the United States, Australia and Canada, and strong new business flows at attractive margins.
Among the year’s other highlights:
1. In May 2014, we completed the initial public offering (IPO) of our Australia MI business, a key priority in our effort to reduce our exposure to mortgage insurance risk, rebalance the capital levels in our three main mortgage insurance platforms and generate capital for our holding company.
2. U.S. MI’s net operating income increased significantly in 2014, as new delinquencies decreased 19% from 2013 and solid execution of our commercial strategy increased our estimated market share to 15% from 13% at year-end. The 2005 through 2008 books of business continue to burn through, and our profitable 2009 and forward books of business represented 56% of our primary risk in-force at year-end.
At the parent holding company, we maintained significant liquidity and a strong cash buffer, ending the year with approximately $1.1 billion in cash and highly liquid securities. Our international subsidiaries paid approximately $630 million in ordinary and special dividends in 2014, including approximately $500 million in net proceeds from the Australia MI IPO. We expect our international subsidiaries to be the sole source of cash dividends paid to the holding company for the next several years as we continue to strengthen the capital positions of our U.S. life insurance and U.S. MI businesses.

   Positioning for the Future
In addition to improving the operating and financial performance of our Global Mortgage Insurance Division and our U.S. Life Insurance Division, we continue to analyze a broad range of strategic options designed to maximize shareholder value.
As part of this process, we have engaged external financial and strategic advisors to assist us in our reviews. We believe that our mortgage insurance businesses are our strongest businesses, and we expect them to continue to perform well in 2015 and beyond. However, we must continue to take steps
to significantly improve our poor performing old
LTC blocks and grow sales of higher margin new LTC products. To that end, we continue to capitalize on our industry leadership in order to drive regulatory and market changes that are necessary to sustain this business over the long term.
We are pursuing cost and portfolio rationalization efforts that we believe will improve our ability to reduce debt levels, increase capital buffers, improve operating earnings and return on equity in the U.S. life insurance businesses and continue to grow profits in the mortgage insurance businesses. Management remains actively engaged with our board, key
stakeholders and external advisors to ensure a realistic evaluation of growth opportunities, capital structure, regulatory actions and rating considerations.
Conclusion
2014 was indeed a very difficult year for Genworth, but we are taking active measures to rationalize our overall business portfolio with a focus on improving shareholder value. While our challenges are both complex and substantial, I can assure you that our management team is focused and determined to transform and build value in Genworth’s businesses for the benefit of our stakeholders.
Sincerely,
Tom McInerney
President & Chief Executive Officer Genworth Financial, Inc.
April 2015
  