To Our Shareholders,
Last year we introduced Genworth Financial as a public com-
pany
—
sharing our direction and aspirations. I said we were a glimmer
of what we would become. This year, the glimmer became a gleam
—
you can see it in our results, how we are positioning Genworth, and in
the eyes of our 6,900 associates.
What a year we had. Total net earnings grew to just over
$1.2 billion. All three of our business segments demonstrated core
growth, expanded earnings and extended their market reach. Our
operating return on equity (ROE) reached 10.7 percent and we are on
track to achieve our interim goal of a 12 percent ROE by the end of
2008. We introduced ten key new products, demonstrating our com-
mitment to innovation, while also adding a number of new distribution
partners. We now are present in 24 countries, having entered five new
countries in 2005, and international earnings make up 29 percent of
our total. We increased our dividends 15 percent, and redeployed cap-
ital in a disciplined fashion to support growth of high return product
lines and repurchase shares. We finished the year with sound excess
capital capacity in the range of $1.5 billion. The year was not all roses
however. I was disappointed that we only posted flat sales and earn-
ings in our important long term care insurance business. So we have
some work to do. In addition, the acquisitions environment remained
challenging, but we will continue our selective focus on complemen-
tary “bolt-on” acquisitions. All in all, it was a great year.
But Genworth is all about the future
—
and the future is about
serving key customer needs, delivering for shareholders, and being a
responsible part of our communities. We are more excited than ever
about our mission and our markets. Genworth helps people make it
financially
—
building financial security at key stages of life by achieving
homeownership earlier, building a personal protection safety net and
creating a stream of retirement income that they can’t outlive. That
mission is grounded in consumer needs which are clear... and grow-
ing. Consider for example:
> Companies are reducing their pension plans and shifting health
care costs to employees.
> Savings rates remain low in the U.S. While initiatives to get people
to build bigger nest eggs, including the value of their home, is one
goal, the realities of living longer need to be addressed. That nest
egg, and consumers’ investing behavior, must be shifted toward
creating lifetime streams of income for retirements that may
stretch 20–30 years
—
not 10–15 years.
> Governments are reevaluating what financial safety nets they will
provide to citizens, and can even afford.
> Individuals and families must face the risk of devastating long term
care costs.
> Many people lack basic income replacement insurance coverage
either because of limited awareness, complexity, avoidance or
affordability.
> Homeownership rates, while high overall in the U.S., vary consider-
ably when looking at minority and immigrant populations.
And,
homeownership rates and housing affordability are much lower in
many other parts of the world.
All these factors create opportunities for Genworth and we are
responding. For example, our ClearCourse
SM
retirement annuity is the
first separate account retirement income product available within a
401(k) plan that provides a guaranteed level of income with the poten-
tial for more based on account performance. This helps people begin
building streams of retirement income much earlier in life. We actively
supported the expansion of state level, long term care public/private
partnership programs, which was signed into law recently, and we
broadened our long term care offerings. We are now introducing com-
bined life/annuity and long term care insurance products to enhance
value and flexibility for consumers. We introduced a return of premium
life insurance product that provides simplicity and affordability. And we
are bringing expanded homeownership opportunities to people around
the globe through innovative home mortgage insurance products such
as our HomeOpeners®
offering. Our dreams for Genworth are rooted
in opportunities like these, and in our drive to set the standard for
providing people financial security at key stages of life.
The pursuit of dreams, however, requires focus. So you will
see us focus on six areas with a single uniting theme.
> First, we will
innovate—
across the products and services we
offer for consumers and in how we add value to our distributors.
Innovation cr
eates true “solutions” to people’s needs, fights the
gravitational pull of commoditization and enables differentiation.
> Second, we will simplify—
always working to make things sim-
pler, easier and clearer. Complexity blocks so many opportunities,
slows growth and increases costs.
> Third, we will save— identifying better ways to be more efficient
and effective and using much of the savings we generate to rein-
vest in our business.
> Fourth, we will touch
always working to show empathy and a
spirit of caring towards our customers and in our communities.
> Fifth, we will
build our brand
— not through just words and advertising, but by delivering a total service experience that builds our
reputation and the confidence people have in our company.
>
Finally, we will demonstrate
stewardship
—
in how we manage
risk, deploy capital and lead with financial controllership.
These six areas of focus are united by one theme: Genworth is
committed to always
Finding a Better Way
. Whether it is for con-
sumers, distributors, associates, or shareholders, the mindset and the
humility of always knowing there is a better way
—
and being committed to the quest of finding it
—
is so energizing. It is what gets us up
early in the morning, is on our minds as we come in to work and again
as we lay our heads on the pillow at night. Our commitment to
Finding
a Better Way
, every day, will enable us to grow profitably, and demonstrate that we are here to do good things.
In this Annual Review, we will try to bring that spirit to life.
You will see stories about consumers, distributors, businesses, associates and communities which show our values and direction. You will
see Team Genworth in action
—
and that’s a lot more than a label. We
have strong experienced business leaders, a deep bench, associates
who care
—
and we’re working together with more passion and agility
than ever.
Last year I called our associates “builders with values.” They
are just that
—
and they sure did some building in 2005! Together, we
will lead the way, and our gleam will only get brighter.
Michael D. Fraizer
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Genworth Financial